FYI RT Manny Pacquiao I'm calling you out let's fight May 5th and give the world what they want to see.
Wake up sleeping peoplecheck.
Jersey oncheck.
Coffee brewingcheck.
We are ready to go.
Come on Chelsea!!!
Lets do this Blues!!!!!
Why Did I Get Married to because she's hot, cute, sexy, caring, loving, adorable, her voice, smile, eyes, and her ;
A Hoosier, of course!!!
Thank you Brandon...
This Saturday?
Bears win in OT
just buy more!
:
what did the kid do to get stuck in the face?
damn I thought u were joking about Hawaii lol that's wassup!!
Yeah it's gonna be getting hot af here soon
Join us for Happy Hour!
You still have an hour left!
3 doctorft beers!
Craft beer gardens making their way to minor league sports stadiums.
Nice..
Craft Brew Journal: Craft Beer Makes its Move on the...
i'm tracking with you.
Are you kidding me with that play?!
If I wasn't always at least an hour early for everything I'd have more free time!
Hate waiting around.
Can I 'follow' myself?..
hehe
great job keep it up : 
: Full house, SoldOutSundays  how we do
should have known you would back out!
You are a punk and everyone thinks so that ain't on your payroll!
Manny will kill you
as much as I would like to believe they can compete again...I just don't think you can bounce back from that...
RT : Moyer becomes first pitcher to have voted for Ike and strike out Ike.
Thanks much
i love having a house and coking every meal again!
seo thinking of getting seo ?
we have been around 12 years...
Call Us Today, Free Site Analysis, 200 Dollar Value  Limited Time!
R.
I.
P.
MCA!!
Lyrical pioneer  genius gone but not forgotten!
hmm go to our page on facebook, then click the band professorle tab to your left, and the new songs are there :
Half time: Magic 54 Celtics 36  Ouch!
Celts couldn't get any offense going too many TOs and easy baskets for the Magics.
Come on Cs!!
want 2 wash my hair, its raining  wind blowing like crazy dnt want the power 2 go out  head wet.
But I'm bout 2 cook b4 power go out, lol
I just wish I could redo today :/
Dealing with sufferers that make use of doctorgs also raises the risk of being exposed to communicable diseases
u seeing the same thing?
French Left Front's candidate argues for 100 tax rate for high incomes.
Luxembourg  Switzerland root for him to win.
OMG Microsoft Office for Mac is taking forever to download on a cable connection 992MB taking about 1 hour :
Congrats to all the grads!
let the next adventure begin!
awe!
thank you!
3
Kirk Rossberg from Torrance Bakery to appear on TLCs Fabulous Cakes on Sept.
14th  see him on TV and then see him speak  BoBNow!...
hehe!
You both look cute!
:
hahaha omg how do you give it to Blake????
any of their burgers, I think.
It's called low carb burger...
Pretty much a patty wrapped in iceberg lettuce w/ the trimmings.
7:43 in NY, the supermoon rises.
I see a sky full of clouds.
Meh.
The state of your life is nothing more than a reflection of your state of mind.
doctor Wayne W.
Dyer
so tired for no apparent reason.
thank you!
big love xo
The food on the train was so bad...
I couldn't choo choo it.
Jose Canseco is the first member of the 40/40/140 club.
Power.
Speed.
Tweets.
ATTENTION!
FEB19!
PRESIDENTIAL BOWTIESdoctorSSES AFFAIR AUDIO BY  www.bowtiesanddoctorsses.eventbrite.com
less than 40 followers to go before we hit 1k!
lets see if we can do it by the end of today??
boom!
advice for startups: before doing the business plan, do some planning before hand!
The next generation media companies will not look like the past.
Via
Sometimes when the cat is meowing loudly for no reason, I'll go Timmy's trapped down the well?
and then be sad no humans are around.
neither, I didn't watch the ustream, so I probably missed out on something.
: but, aww, I just want him happy /3
Good thing you 2 have Omens..
I figured everytime I show up, they're gonna win.
No different today.
Just announced, Van Halen at the Bradley Center 9/25
Wowww this girl on the xfactor just gave me serious chills!
Amazing voice!
Hate it when people try to cover up their gum chewing habit by smoking cigarettes.
I'm at the Phillies game
it's pizza night....
likely margarita night too.
Spent 4 hours at a car dealer today.
The gynecologist would have been preferable.
Postwedding, I'm getting bangs and a tattoo.
RT : The HERD is headed to Denver!!
Be at Jackson's on Monday!
Is Bored
evil caps!!!
Bo
Amtrakin' it home!
Happy birthday, America.
I just tried takoyaki for the first time.
A would nom again.
People are so fustrating....
they r boys !
They wear shorts!
!
My babies r vary manly
great, you?
Very happy to see Yonder Mountain String Band will return to DesMoines to play Simon Estes Amphitheater on July 5.
My friends are weird ..
But then again they probably wouldnt be my friends if they were normal ...
Normal is boring .
Backatcha!
RT : Laying down some vocals and overdubs at J Bird Studio.
We're missing like woah, though.
Is Toby from The Office doing the clock at Assembly Hall?
What happens when you put a light saber in water?
I feel so ashamed.
QT : Or just Satan's soccer mom.
cool.
check out the silly video I just posted for Seattle Strut!
Hate facebook stalkers...
:/
You know the cats would just end up sitting in the box it came in.
Smoke a blunt , the only way I can escape from my life .
This is the first time I think I've ever actually doctorwn the TARDIS..
it's basically a party, where every parallelogram is invited.
Big game for the Cats today!
Lets go..
Must win game!
Love bball on CBS this time of the year!
Big presentation for work tomorrow AM which means attempting to stray away from work and relax tonight
ha yes.
My commute this morning was a real treat to say the least...
Today's musical and cultural discovery: Selda Bagcan, a 1970s female Turkish psychfolkrocker and activist
Twitter won't let me sign out.
Brrrrrrrrr!!!!
Tying to get warm after doing the Holiday Parade!
The YOURS Store in Hampden is Open.
Gladys Ceal and Concrete Nature are having successful weekends so far help them close out in style
Welcome!
WG was my favorite!
I know right, it's going to be a blast!
If you're trying to get an ethnic holiday into the American mainstream, you might want to consider adding in lots of beer and tequila.
is a monster on the beats dis nigga got me stuck on dis on track he made lol
shame on you, and the poster.
Seriously, to hell with these ice trays.
I'm going to plan a trip to Atlanta or New York and get some goddamn decent ice trays.
Still trying to get the camera to work on my computer...
apple can go suck it!
hahaha
I'm not suprised Logo beats Current TV in primetime ratings.
That RuPaul's doctorg race is one hell of a show.
I wish, but it's just me doing it so a costume would just make me look crazy.
Let Brooks know we all say congrats from Chicago.
Night twitter!
Guess im gonna cry myself to sleep because im sad and pissed so yeah!
Night guys!
3 x
Is it bad that when you say blizzard the only thing that comes to my mind is Dairy Queen?
YesI'mFromTexas
Thanks for the FF!
I think that it sold for like 650 if I remember correctly.
whaat up ms.
follow me back
New Girl cracks me up!
Love it!!
If you loved me, you would not hurt me.
lol the things you say crack me up
I have a dirty mind.
Thank you.
Xo
I'm over lol
MyBiggestFlaw Is Knowing What mite happen next Before it Happens and whatching it Happen
our pleasure!
I hope you like TREASURE ISLAND
My eyes been watering all dayi think its tears i wont let fall forcing their way out
almost done painting Lou Gehrig on a baseball for ALS charity event
I've never seen that show.
I was going to watch the remake on TNT, but now that I know it's all a doctoram I guess I won't.
;
Tomorrow is going to be a good day :
Yes, I do it all the time.
Partly because the novelty of 3D Glasses wears off about 20 minutes into every movie except Avatar.
: Why don't you tweet a link to Fletcher's response?
Seems like your one sided.
Correction does much, but encouragement does more
I hear Trader Joe's is coming to PIttsford Plaza next year.
Dear Teachers, Don't Start Talking About Next School Year When This One Is Just Ending!
I Don't Wanna Think About It!
Very much so  reminded me of The Stand by King.
Listened to the audio version and does an awesome job narrating.
An 8 year old girl competes with the big boys at Competitive Eating event today.
See how she did on KEYE's 10:00 news!
love love loved it.
Tiger doctorver 98!
Everything in my Artfire Studio is marked down 50!
These prices won't last long and the Holidays are coming!
notnilladesigns.artfire.com
Watching Project X because Matthew Broderick is sexy.
They aren't that cool...
but if you need resources  it's a good start!
Internationalization  Localization  Website Globalization
thanks love !
Miss u !
thank you
Leave my magnetic hoohah out of this
What is your travel philosophy?
Hard work pays off I tell them
yeah.
I hate when chicks upload one every week or all at once.
Still.
I Still Got It For Ya
You should go see it.
It was actually a very good film.
Very good story, fantastic cinematography/composition.
Very well done
take your time we are holding down the fort

that's not totally true, because in any true system, you will always find a gray area.
'stache is wicked!
Thumbs up
It's about time you talked to me after three months of silence :
Free nights, Upgrades, exclusive extras, MMA fights tickets, Shows  the deepest discounts at Top Vegas Hotel Resorts www.myvegaspeople.com
Have been to Target twice today before 11am.
n the studio working with super producer Nealante Phillips at the Music Room ATL.....
Top Ten Billboard ishhhhhhhhhhh...
please follow me!
:
Apple says Steve Jobs has resigned as CEO.
I live tweet things that air live but I don't get it for regular shows either
It's not so much the Monday that gets me, it's the doctorp kicks to the head on Monday.
Yay, office!
Dont you love those awkward moments when a customer orders a diet rum and coke?
I been good, could been better..
How things there??
Datenight with was a great start to the weekend
I've stopped doctornking, but only while I'm asleep.
I was literally scared by my own shadow today...
thought it was a cat.
Takers on again YES!!
Yeah I prolly will
osu baseball makes any day beautiful :
tell em your lesbian works everytime
Listening to Obama and tweeting at Congress 
Shid I did.
And I found two left over burgers from Saturday!!!
I'm clear for landing..
haha.
can't you see?
I didn't do it.
Keith did it.
Depends on the individual, of course.
Not fair to broad brush all.
Big sports day!
Attending the Wood Memorial at Aqueduct, watching the Masters on my computer, and I have to see Jamie Moyer pitch tonight!
I believe in JR Smith
promoting probably takes the most time out of all.
who would have thought.
Ugh I love this song!!!
RT : Cuz in the end Girl your gonna want another round!!!
I will forever hate my spanish class
Trust me I do know music and jay z is WHACK!
Today's Thought: Never Give Up!
That's all...
I can confirm getting called to a Judge's chambers is very much like getting called to the principal's office.
: All I know is I'm gonna sleep well tonight LOL
Ironed everything in my closet while I stayed up late listening to Goliath by Happier than a swineesque in clart.
But when you shake your ass, they notice fast, some mistakes were built to last.
thank god its friday..
my favorite day of the week..
how was this week for u guys?
cant wait for sunday..
there will be grammys awards :
Lynyrd Skynyrd  Free Bird Music video Studio Version
Why am I just seeing this?!
Thanks!
how are u?
RT : Tha homegirl ::::::::::::::::: BeanTowns Finest Follow her
Love this !
RT : How many times do we hold back our own magnificence because of a story we made up in our heads?
SOLD OUT today!!!
What a perfect TOPTIONAL day!!!
If u weren't here, next time...
if u were, THANK YOU!
Dj Enoc and Girl 6 bangin today!!
Hell yea we are thats why they keep comin back
Thanks SO much!
LOVE ur Tutus!!
Playoff basketball doesn't mean you completely change the definition of a foul.
This MiamiNew York game is getting ridiculously bad.
ion get paid to tweet, so I def.
ain't finna live on this mug tweetin allday
After tonight and what i saw I'm honestly over you.
Last full week of school 
I've added a longer explanation on the live blog.
The triumphant return of Paaaaaaaau!
Tickets secured for and Kevin Devine a The Troubadour in July!
Man that month is gonna be great.
Steve and I are watching My Little Pony on Netflix.
Heading to the OSCon PuppetLabs party...
Hope there is still some food left!
Otherwise, it is a latenight Portland eatery for me.
Happy to be home in Hollywood.
Im Beat.
Going to bed early, so excited for the ShangrilaMansionParty tomorrow.
It's almost 2012, wow!
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to NEVERSAYNEVER !
If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP9
My duty is to try to reach beauty.
Cinema is emotion.
When you laugh you cry.
Roberto Benigni
Excellent Musicality is always the end goal!
awww, remember when Austin first started selling his merch?
and the videos he made about the stickers?
cute.
But when you're all alone I hope you truly know..
How bad I wanna be there..
hell yeah
excited to be speaking tomorrow to UCSB's COMMA group about cinematic movement and automatism.
5/42pm2714 SH
thanks for the mention!
Javier Aquino can do great things but he can't do everything by himself
There are only two kinds of people I hate in this world.
Those who are intolerant towards others' cultures and the Dutch.
Who knew that there could be this much snow in MA?
If you find it let me know, I've been trying to find it too 
Monday 1/30 is Dan's birthday.
He is owner of in Mission Hills 92103.
Be sure to stop in and say Happy Birthday!
don't get me wrong, Tommy...
You're great.
I just prefer no kidding.
This makes me laugh now, but in a few months will make me weep inside.
Have you Trentaed today?
Today we launched our 30oz trenta size!
What do you mean by 'sometimes?' Shouldn't that be 'ALWAYS?'
I think is a flirt
We're basically doing this to get back at each other and I hate it
that's great!
love you
yes, all my phones and my Mom's have been refurbished.
No issues whatsoever.
I'm former Atlanta Brave Mark Lemke.
Stu Klitenic
Celtics !
Game on !
I shouted you out, did ya hear it?
adjust them up.
Now they are actually getting paid ;
Pilates is one of the safest workouts you can use!
No other exercise is so gentle to your body while giving it a challenging workout.
I been up since 7
Dedicates all his goals to the ladies.
Wait...
Are they riding OUR bus?
Of course we are!
is ready for ya !
interesting information
jake we need to see each other.
i miss you.
dm me so we cn chill 3
Sweet action, it turns out that Death Note is streaming for free on Hulu.
In your face, Netflix!!
Ah, I don't have any cold gear.
I guess I could run in my pea coat.
I didn't make a sandwich.
that's why I'm never making one again.
Digital humanities and the future.
Engaging roundtable so far.
Come talk to us!
Yesterday sucked
Damn I hate shots I got 5 yesterday : I wanted to tweet but my arms hurt to much sorry .
im cool bout to get doctorssed cuz im rockin my hoodie today for
Yeah, how are you getting to that if you don't mind my asking?
Okay, no problem MahomieFamily :.
Looking forward to catching up with and Bruce DAmbrosio of DigitalScirocco this afternoon.
If it kills me and beautiful mess.
Sometimes, you just need a cheeseburger.
See you tonight at the Purrfectly Howling Event
Thank you for keeping your burgers delicious through all the weeks that I have not been there.
Possibly stealing cable right now...not worried about it comcast steals from us everyday right!?
It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from.
The ability to triumph begins with you.
Always.
Oprah Winfrey
hopefully you dont get hit in the face agian ;
How about this: it's impossible for a political campaign to accurately report job counts.
Im CHIEFN on this Presidental and its the shyt...
Lear Gang
Quentin's attitude is too similar to mine...and i dnt think thats a good thing lol
Leave it up to Bosh To Fuck The Game Up In The Last 50 sec...
Looking for a cool place to have a bday party in NYC.
Any ideas?
Looking at a few lounges.
Because of the ACA I was able to move to DC while still on my parents' insurance, Thanks
Congrats to for their medal haul at the World Beer Cup: 2 silver  1 bronze!
Image Sensing Systems Announces First Quarter Financial Results
YOU ARE IN MY PRAYERS.
STAY STRONG HONEY.
Never hit a man with glasses.
Hit him with a baseball bat.
Lol
Hey congrats!
School: SUCKS
thank for PR ; need to catch up soon.
...
you should also be in the debate about MarriageEquality opposed to simply saying no
You ready CBN?
Let the mayhem begin!
Tell your friends!
Suburban Cowboys in the house tonight!
Giving Away ERIC CHURCH Tix!

491 followers!!
Thats awesome!
HELP ME REACH MY GOAL..
FOLLOW ME, I WILL FOLLOWBACK!!
MY GOAL 1K !!
Miss Alexis Todd..
FOLLOW
Lighter versions of hot entrees available at our contract schools!
Want your school or business to have healthy lunch options?
Contact us!
Brown needs to rest the starters and let the bench play.
Good morning!
Let's start the week with some biz inspiration!
Summer hours for Whiskey Chicks  no more lunches on Saturday and Sunday we will open at 4 pm those days.
I always wake up without a shirt on
I like your style!
And a 1959 doctoram sequence...now THAT sounds fancypants.
:
feeling a tad bit depressed...
or something.
This isn't good :/
VEEP filmed in Baltimore.
I thought Elaine Benice grew up in Baltimore.
She wore an Orioles cap in the Yankees Box
I just saw a Blackberry ad that recapped Moby Dick via social media.
digitalstorytelling
I hope to never have a 'Guess Who's Coming to Dinner' moment with my daughters.
I expect any choice they make to be legal and accepted.
Confront your fears, list them, get to know them, and only then will you be able to put them aside and move ahead.
If you were me you would realize why I cry all the time.
I love you Taco Bell Twitter Person
Wow!!!
What a great song by Jackie Martinez now on YouTube.com You've got to see it, Look But Don't Touch Jackie Martinez
I think it would be cool, if like doctorgons couldn't fly, that they should be able to get their doctorvers liscense at least in South Dakota
I love morning T rides :
I bet niggas gone make this a holiday!
Wow I don't feel like moving
What Bill said.
My teenager is going to bed.
Now.
At 10:20am.
Batmobile?
RT : doctormaProm transportation options: Metro, Taxi, Motorcycle, or ?
seein' as yew live on the other side of the US.
so shut up.
ahaha P.L.U.R.3
That's terrific.
Got your email, will run it all up as many flagpoles as we can find for your.
Thanks!
is packed for Edit!
Jean Pierre LaDouche is making the 1 proud tonight!
rebeccablack got that
My pleasure, Candace.
I got that an OG mixed for hours and hours.
Puff , puff , pass handin' it back to MacMiller.
We wish you the best of luck Keri!
Thanks for using ShowClix :
they even bludgeon you on hulu.
There is no escaping the reach of Walker ad buys.
Architects, Engineers and Publishers make the world go round.
oh, and i'm doing okay.
got a lot on my plate at the moment.
thanks for asking.
sorry i took so long to respond.
:S
to pitch.
May God have mercy on us all.
Hey Rick Pitino is embarrassing the KFC Yum brand in those white shoes and suit.
Ranchers and farmers and family entrepreneurs can make much better decisions about the future than the government can.
Spent the morning with legislators from across the state as they learn about jobs and edu in NC.
www.facebook.com/wakecountysmartstart
GROWN and SEXY!
90's Throwback Music  Rocca Bar tonite.
Hosted by and 'PEACE of MIND'
im in this dumb training class...sucks ass
Well...that was quick.
21
Brownridge is playing VERY well!
wait i do
better!
Unless you plan to move ever?
Or if you move and you still want clt, that would work.
Definitely.
I'm more looking forward to AC Milan v.
Barca in the next round of the Champions.
right back atcha
Not soon enough!
I had these fatindiebands written last Friday, but they all got saved as doctorfts on my phone for some reason.
Chilling with at my house he funny is hell :D
You must be at the last 10 mins of wojm
Thanks honey
I don't do any vulgar movements.
Elvis Presley
Hey, nice article on Chipper Jones, but Alex Rodoctorguez and Manny Ramirez both qualify for the .300/400/10 club.
I spoke w/Jen about that.
That does suckass.
life as we know it
Nice sleep..Gm world
what's the details on the tweetup
Follow sound business trends, not fashion trends.
Janice Dickinson
Many thanks for the follow !
bahahaha we r the most intellectual people I know!!
Hey west suburban fans!
Tap Takeover in Oak Park tomorrow!
Aniv15, Pale31 and cask DBA will be following DANG!
I question some of the people who make videos on YouTube.
Wow.
The Shift is Within Laura De Leon.
RT If you live in the past, you have no future.
Forget what you did yesterday and achieve your goal for today!
And the madness starts tomorrow
aw, thanks.
Been saying it all year: the grass is the Saints kryptonite.
Love hurts.
Boys lie.
Friends cry.
People die.
Parents yell.
You always try.
You're never good enough, you don't know why.
Sweet!
I made that.
:D this makes me laugh.
o.o off tew bed On fone wit chris 
let it be known that my 9500th tweet was about farts
NJP at Smalls this Saturday from 47pm.
Come on out.
Who says good jazz has to only be for night owls?
I love you  goodnight
76 UNITS For All Baseball systems for da first half of betting on baseball.
Can't wait for the 2nd half!
can't wait :
you should tell them that you need more time...hahaha
if i turned off all my electronicsdidnt talk to anyone for 2days,i wonder who would really check on me  see if i was okay...
Heat is the team w/ superstars and for that reason demand more national coverage than the Pacers.
But ESPN being 100 lopsided is pathetic
I am exercising all the self control I have not to tweet every line from the episodes of ArrestedDevelopment I'm watching today.
Dear MTV, I was wondering if I could get my M back...
you know, since you aren't using it.
Sincerely, usic.
syrup head like 50 a O..
keep an eye out for Phonographic at SXSW events March 17th and at Frank White Gallery's popup at 17th20th
Welcome !
Keep up the good work!
deal, deal.
In Leominster chuck chillin on this Beautiful Day 
Great to see so many young people wanting to change local politics at the event at the Bowles last night!
text me, girl!
I have problems and you're who I go to for this crazy stuff!
Jealous!
Can't wait to see it tonite.
RT Don't judge us but we're playing hooky at deluxe theater showing of Planet of the Apes.
I hope that the DNC, led by a weak Chairman, are proud of themselves for not helping in the Wisconsin Recall on June 5th.
Saw the car pics.
Very cute, indeed.
;
I think I'm having heart palpitations!
atta way to come in clutch Barajas
Just got my heat assignment for nycmidnight The brainstorming has already began.
aw your mom is my fav
what do you have in mind?
This makes me happy!!
: GOOD NEWS: Tornado Watch Cancelled for CT!!!
Plus Irene down to Tropical Storm!
Alot of running around to do today ..first stop the bank ..
post office ., then to grab something for lunch pick up the nephews ect...
thanks for the retweet!
:
Stupid air yeast won't eat my stupid wet flour.
I MADE A NICE MEAL FOR YOU.
THE LEAST YOU CAN DO IS TRY IT.
I hate waking up in the middle of the night o.O
Good Night All Peops!
Hearing rumors you never knew about yourself.
congrats!!
Today is The Militant's 3year anniversary on Twitter!
Ain't no foolin'!
I am Bill Braskey
goodluck with that its a hard lifestyle
Dirty dancing3 Favorite movie of all time.
For suree.
This year I will improve my ways.
Live healthy, write better, give more praise.
Happiness is my true goal.
Feels great to feed my soul!
WHAT UP FAM?
HIT ME UP!
RT : always!
I love that you can text
RT : Great answer to Q3.
We shld also work w parents to help thm understand what the data means for their kids
RT : Having a blast at the afterafterparty for
words you live by?
Same to you!!
Hope you're enjoying the day with your 3 cuties.
thanks for the tipbout to print off right now!
My son used to cut the pinkies and fuzzies in half so I didn't have to.
EWE EWE EWE their backbone why do they have those
On the road to Houston in a little while for an early season big conference game for Texas Wesleyan University.
Trying to get to 40 in con
Nutrition News: Pink Slime
Been doing tons of travel planning lately,here's hot tip for using Hotwire.
Get info on the hotel before you buy  www.betterbidding.com
This has been thee best two weeks of summer EVER !
Minecraft  The doctorpper Part 3  The Kitchen 
rocks!
They utilize Videotel for our VP68, VP70 and VP77 for their awesome exhibits in San Diego, CA.
If you think nobody cares, try missing a couple of payments.
good job presenting the Bears showcase
Boring last season of
pussy so good.make u smack ya lips
RT : PHP was originally designed to replace a set of Perl scripts to maintain his Personal Home Pages.
is that trick to getting thru the ATL?
I love the Vampires in America series by !
3 3 3
Your voice is just to lovely : ididnt forget about you I do wanna autograph your gonna be super famous so I want mines :
is in Michigan!
But we sure do miss our hometown!
It's always better than what I would have come up with had I tried to think it out completely first.
I'm good keeping busy, Living life.
How's it going with you?
The Same Stuff Keep Happening !
looking for some last minute decor for SINGSING  neumos on wed nite...anyone have reindeer or awesome tree brances they want to give us?!
Unacceptable Behaviors: physical contact including touching, pinching, patting, kissing, fondling, groping, grabbing or assault
hey jake!
Have a great day!
However I did have a good laugh when I arrived in Midland, lol!
planning a valentine meal...
Mike Brown doin' work!
I know right....
I want a weave just like hers.
Grindin....
You so far behind it
your welcome : uh huh super great!
:
HAPPY THURSDAY!!!
WOO HOO!!
literally hate
The video conferencing services have provided the business professorssionals to communicate with their clients through this online service.
omg How the fuck can u not know what day it is???
fucking loser...
Learn more about the 2010 Dublin Program run through the School of Communications and Theater.
TODAY 12:00 pm Room 5 Annenberg Hall
Bill Watts would return as the Midnight Rider, a gimmick Dusty Rhodes would also run into the ground.
Pretty weak, if true.
RT Heard on Jersey radio Devils fans being told to throw rats on ice to get power play.
I'll just focus on finishing this song...
that'll make me happy :
Thanks Carolyn  you too!!!
Also, why does Ralphie's mom have such a terrible haircut?
it's I really want this job.
That's my nijer....
P.O.D.
And HEAD tonight in Ashland, KY....Free at the river park...be there!!!!
Happy mothers day to all good mothers
I don't care about history.
English beers are garbage.
I can't think of one English brewer that I would consider great
Can anyone give me a shout out ?
Please ; Il lovee youu forever 3 Il doo one back ?
:
about mastering call us 6786468965 ask for Dia or Mario
Every morning we start our Parkinson's group with the Pledge of Allegiance  a loud GoSpursGo after!
Sometimes I wonder what the hell my family is going to do when I'm gone haha.
Thanks!
Will you be at joyce2011?
I better be seeing you at Zumba Toning tonight, !
It's been too long!
YouTube videos for book trailers, author interviews, tips on writing, share secrets about your characters
cant wait to party with this weekend gonna talk success and !
i would like a follow please XD
: Whoa.
is following me.
Whoa.
Thanks for the follow
Not my fault heaux...
140 characters isn't even a start at expressng my complete contempt for Rush Limbaugh  the ugliness of his mind  thinking.
Feeling the creative vibe coworking at Green Spaces Denver!
I just learned what TCBY stood for.
My mind is blown.
why do I love nicole carman so much:
do you get my messages?
me too!
packed house.
Alsdkfjs.
Well, maybe you could come someday!
;D
I'm a mother fucking princess.
I feel so sick.
That's a lie.
Liar, liar pants on fire.
Spotify keeps crashing when I try to play Coldplay.
I think that's a message.
Hey fans, yes you.
We love you!!
Superheroes and wrestling DVDs
Valley family adopts five more on National Adoption Day  KPHO Phoenix
Justice is Divine because it is based on the image Of God in every human being.
Justice is inherent because Justice is Divine  ontological
ha..
even the one thing we have in common is different..
I keep my ipad horizontal ;
I ordered one yesterday but I want a red one too!
do that lol
Baby I could really get to know you....
that should be interesting.
But don't forget Yao Ming.
Back to bed
Aw fuck, I forgot my French homework...
Not like I was going to do it anyway
Watching and jimmy play NCAA and got papa johns in route...
Avoid hangovers.
Stay doctornk.
Cowboys and Aliens was...
something.
To say the least.
Imma coke boii hello hello hello !
lol where you from?
goodnight/goodmorning to you :DD I hope you have a great day curly!
Much love x
I already created the brochures in Vistaprint.
Problem is you can't print them.
super sleepy
Few feelings match the panic felt after you wake up way too late for class
Dinner tonite: Chicken lasagna, garlic veggies,  butter croissants.
M  delicious  nutritious.
Mom Pink Colored pills make me want to vomit.
Me:lol
good luck, Rick and !
Goodnight noises everywhere.
ATTENTION UNITED STATES RESIDENTS!
We will be selecting individuals to join our R3Pin CR3W though out the United States!
okc for the sweep !
Rise and shine  time for brunch!
It's nice out and it's time for some champagne.
Sunday funday?
Maybe!!
is it gay of me as a man if I accidently screamed when followed me?
Haha yeah I'm fine.
Just tired from work.
it's WEDS!
aka: HUMP DAY!!
GET TO THE SMILING MOOSE FOR LUNCH!
DELICIOUS SPECIALS AWAIT YOU!!
Wishing I had a real smartphone so I could play Etta James At Last, has never heard it.
i've reach a followlimit.
will follow back as soon as I can ppl
Knicks how about a win..did we forget what that is..lets go!
girl make that money!!!
We've invited these kids to a high school that's rigged with hidden cameras.
Happy day, my friend!
Wish you were here.
I need a nap tho
OMG!
Hail the size of golf balls on my porch!
BrennanNewberry qualified 14th for the race today!
Live on SPEED Channel at 3:30 West Coast Time!
Who's watching?
Thanks for the RT.
How you doing?!
ha nah not really actually i just don't ever go out anymore
Pam, did you experience connectivity issues during the game?
Off vacation and heading out Wed!!
Grand Velvet, Orange doctorps and Pecan Pie along with all ur favorites!
Honestly?
Unsure.
I see the savings leaf occasionally.
But my hours in and out are so random as well as the weather lately.
Watching the cubs/cards game on the jumbotron at miller park...Go cubs go!
Dear anyone who is currently pregnant,I'm fixing to buy you all this baby texas am stuff at once upon a child.Its so cute c:
Shout out to go follow!:
Im out, to tired to finish the game.
Street fighter bitches, this the up cutter Nunchucka', no time to ducka' sign of the cross, cause this is her last suppa.
I expect nothing but....
A young medical student just came in and asked me one million questions about my piercing.
Spelling?
AintNobodyGotTimeForDat RT : I'm so
Awesome job Rangers!!!
Javy Guerra gives up a run.
Cubs tie the game.
33 we are headed into extra innings
We're always glad to see students in the galleries!
:D
Only because BOYFRIEND comes out tmister all Beliebers should have no school.
This is like a holiday to us!
were playing at 9:30, the bar is called Paddy Mac's it's on Pulaski just N of Irving Park!
shit just workin for the mans
Happy holidays, everyone!
See you in 2012!
I ain't never been no bitch Haha
I am going to East Texas this weekend!
I couldn't be more thrilled!
So much for curling my hair so nicely.
ahh you did?
lucky!!
were you on the floor or something?
i heard security was tight so i needa know how u got that close
I haven't been there in a long time, but remember everything being all out of order.
Glad you found something.
No hating...lol.
Who was the hottest on screen duo Neve Campell and Denise Richards in Wild things or Gina Gershon and Jennifer Tilly in Bound
Tina Chen is inspiring RaganMSFT!
If you want to create change, you MUST tell a story.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
I LOVE YOU ;
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable but more useful than a life spent in doing nothing.
Bernard Shaw
I LOVE YOU!
XOXOXOXOXO MARRY ME?
It's pretty bad when the girl u think is cute thinks ur older brother is hotter lol :/
Ughh Feel Like Trowing Up .
Dont Feel Good D;
Thank's!
Take a day off.
Have six beers.
Eat a meatlovers pizza.
At Georgetown Univ.
teaching class on Investor Fundoctorising tonight.
what about Woodbridge Pub or if in the mood for Mexican, Nuestra Familia?
Awwwhhhhhhhh : I concur!
man im going back to sleep to much sit gos on and i never get enough sleep ....NITE
BEST SHOW OF MY ENTIRE LIFE OK HAHAHAHA
Thanks for letting me know about the Moo sale!
I just ordered a new set of Minicards!
Wake and bake gotta get shit out my head
On air 67 tonight at 90.7 FM and it's the 70th birthday of LouReed so I'll have to turn in my dj badge if I don't play him
I like the green and yellow ones better ;
We are really looking forward to announcing the venue, dates, and director for AN APOLOGY...
Check back soon!
If she LAUGHS when u pull out ur PENIS..then gets doctorSSED  LEAVES..still LAUGHING
nook by barnes  noble is a superior product.
I am a manager at the santa monica store.
Come by for a free demonstration.
My eardoctorms will eventually give out if I keep listening to my ipod on full blast WHILE mowing.
Marcus Boyd Realer Than Most Ready For Whatever Miami New York Atlanta Los Angelas Dallas The Whole Ohio Detroit Chicago we DO IT BIG
Do youhave a loved one w/a end of life disease and need hospice or on it and need a GREAT handbook to walk the journey with??
More for
How's everyone tonight?
X
Stop by booth 117 and learn how you can give your business a competitive edge by customizing your SugarCRM
How will you enjoy this gift of great weather?
Come see us for a yoga class tonight before starting your weekend.
Tropical Shakeology coming later this year!
I love working for this amazing company.
I bought one megamillions ticket today.
The first thing I'll do if/when I win is hire a financial advisor.
Make sure you stop by Southern Ivy before you head home to take advantage of our awesome deals going on!
ILovePoetry Thanks for the Love!
You're the best!
thank you!
my fav writer once said, sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation...
the other eight are unimportant Henry Miller
Soon it will be 11 and my favorite  will cost me only US800!
Oh u heard right  Bad bitches follow RT : rofl please do lol, so I've heard your the leader?
It's easy to say halo but it's hard to say goodby to love ones
Wish I could be there for NYFW, but excited to be helping rep during Atlanta's Fashion night out!
Euchre in someone else's star  priceless
haha...
yeah, I've heard.
I don't think I'll mind though.
It's just kinda weird having people pay so much attention to your bod!
Yo I am lovin all the Fresh new OBEY gear up in here...
I am alive!
Week 1 of teaching 10th graders done.
and what might that be my love
...
And i think I have seen 200 donut shops within a mile.
But NO WalMarts or Targets?
oh, how nice :
Someone should visit me at Ballydoyle.
And also buy me food 
hey;I love u and my birthday is tomarrow and I want u to make a private call to me.8126791479
: icriedwhen cocheese diedI can't even get through that scene!
:'
It's Trevor Time!!
Hell's Bells, baby!!
Happy birthday!
Looking forward to celebrating tomorrow!
duh!!
Multiple times!
Haha :
nd glad I inspire her mayb she will pay attention n stop selling trash..
Thankful today for all the love that has been added to my life in response to the love that has consumed my life.
Could my hands be more unladylike?
How did they get so rough?
And the color of the Earth, just won't go away.............
Spoken words can never be recalled.
U guys got your slingshot and stone?
RT : get to the Merrell center tonight!
Kpark vs Yates at 7:30!
and sunscreen!
welcome home!
Im doing great Nice yepper it the weekend time to relax in chills
Hi WVUM Team!
We sent you a copy of Pluto by Twintapes!
Did you receive it?
We'd love your feedback!
www.twintapes.com Tks!
Attending a play tonight: Woodshed Collective Presents The Tenant.
Should be good!
To the two girls literally belting out and I am telling you in the holding room....please calm down 
The first USF student to put 15 books on our advantage program today will win a PS3, Wii, or XBOX 360!
what can i say, im not perfect and i will never be..i wont give up on us though, us is something worth keeping thats something we agree on
Some days the most I'm gonna accomplish is making the cats purr.
Lunch time Come for some hot soup and delicious sandwiches
Woo LOBOS win!!!
Bring your coupon and ticket to redeem your Lobo cupcake from 46 on Monday!!!
What a sweet taste of victory!
heyheyhey i never promised!
Would you ever say that my friend, can see him on my icon,is Tim Gerst's twin?!Believe me,you would!
Somebody get these inchworms off of me.
this could be fun.
Sometimes I am so old school..is there a printable program of concurrent sessions for aasl11?
I just like to ponder it all in print..
Lacrosse boys .
Is it possible to be
do you have any time for an old Irishman from New York?
I'm coming to San Diego for the 4th!
TBS DOESN'T KNOW HOW TO GET OFF STICKAM OH MY GOD I'M YELLING
Yay for Derby weekend!
No school for this girl tomorrow!
gone tweet!
are you doing the Ice Age 50k?
Illbehonest I'm scared to talk to certain people because I'm scared they'll tell me the truth of what someone lied to me about.
RT : Finalizing details for fundoctoriser.
Thanks for food donation!
yum!
Sometimes it takes balls to be a woman/standing up to the test/while wearing a party doctorss/sometimes looks can be deceiving....
lmfao, why was there a sheriff at your house!
dont forget me, sometimes it hurts instead :
though i bet they have one for MLS, which should start soon
So you mad bro?
You mean flworing right?
:
Hello there!
Hows England?
:
Oh Dang AllKpop giving away Music Wave tickets, that's nice of them.
Specially to ask only those that don't have tix to enter
it's also in my folder called what do you do with a bs in graphic design lol
Share With Friends:   Hobbies  Arts And Crafts  Scrapbooking News , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
Overheard: You know you in the hood when somebody tries to offer you two 6 month old pitbull puppies at 9 in the morning.
I kinda did just now.
RT : Nobody seems to vomit a little in their mouth anymore.
im good and u?
Will do!
Dude I was just thinking about your highschool day's today haha!
Welcome to twitter!
it takes a while to get accustomed but eventually you'll love it
oh, good to know.
Thanks!
so thankful I had acupuncture after that epic FAIL of an eye specialist appt.
I wanna die young, but as late as possible.
Shrine tonight???
RT : You know how we do!!!
RT : Too old to doctornk like I did last night.
Today is a bitch lol
I think most participants in dayofhighered will treat their tweets as public utterances.
I don't know how long you've had that professorle picture, but it's perfect.
RT : He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.
Epictetus
no thanks!
He was still wearing his hospital armband.
2 days old
Barring a turnover, that's the game!
...
I 3 my Mexicans!
Happy Cinco De Mayopractice Mexican foreplay and have some tequila!!!
:D
we have not seen any lately.
It's days like today where I have no desire to be at work.
All I got is doctorft on the brain.
Along with an Ice cold Brewski
I'm in this bitch posted wit all my niggggas
What da fudge???
I keep losing followers
good call.
in the realm of possibly insane NBA players, Javale is much more current than Deshawn.
TheWorstFeeling Losing someone you love 3
On a final note a good ab workout plus gassy food is really uncomfortable...
I wanna see pics of this fabulous new haircut, missy!!
I am loving the new DCU.
Justin Latz makes great bacon.
AA County Councilman Jerry Walker asked how Chief Teare can continue to serve effectively after a no confidence vote by police union
Special person sighting in the halls of !
I hope we gave his GB tshirt!
Here come them Nuggets!!!
how r u
Not even we are thinking about wine at 8:30 a.m.
on Sunday.
But thanks for reading this anyway.
Gail Kerr: If nothing else, Constance Gee39;s story needs to be heard
Informal learning process instruction starts with a formal learning program
your girl is like a motion picture, she gonna be cumming soon.
thank you :
welcome to the Twitter world!
Pretty sure Hawk comes before Merk and Robin.
RT : Power structure at the Cell: 1.
Kenny, 2.
Sale, 3.
Cooper, 4.
Merk, 5.
Robin.
DED organises awareness sessions for businesses with repeat fines  AME Info
Maharaja would like to support our local breweries by selling locally brewed beers!
So the question is..what's you're favorite craft beer?!
Rösti sounds like latkes, which are yummy.
And wine/cream was from the place that suggests adding icing to NYC cheese cake.
ugh.
A male coworker is chronically tan.
I think he overdid it as today he's looking carrotish.
...You don't create through action; you create through vibration.
And then, your vibration calls action from you.
Abraham I say vibe up!!
Dude, it's Tuesday.

It was awesome to get to meet you!
Loved the wine too :
I love him
fucking ratchets ghetto ass guys
that's awesome!
Heading to NYC.
Awesome!
I'm getting another tattoo as a graduation present to myself
My pleasure, Doug!
Aw Panks, thanks but absolutely not relevant for us.
Good luck!
FF Have a great weekend!!
:
do youu like the ICONic Boyz?!?!?!
Haha this made me think of camp when I first met you and Bri!
it only shows up on my website feed if i favorite it.
If someone can tell me another way, I'll listen.
RT Library Journal launches www.losinglibraries.org to track library closures, cuts, reduced hours, etc.
Cant wait to see 30 minutes or less
Looking for those super Hot indie music artist for Break That Single.
A music show dedicated to breaking new music.
Finished makin some hits now Ima bout to head to the gym
you got it my man
doctornk lady just told me I had really good hair
why are you always fuckin me up..
well if your listening it you think youd at least be able to get the words right.
Check out our songs!
And tell us what you think at reverbnation.com/withoutdelay
hard.
heard.
head.
heart.
hurt.
heat.
hurled.
That last tweet was incorrect.
The show on the 17th has been canceled.
Sorry to disappoint.
I know you all were very excited.
gearing up for season 2!
anywhere we need to have on the list?
I'm thinking popup book.
Why don't they make a book adaptation of My Dinner with Andoctor?
wuts up my g
Who wants to wear some PC Threads in 2012?!?
On day 11 of 14 work days in a row...
NYC move around the corner!
6th Friday of Lent
Marry me,
someones bitter...
gotta rep my
it's time to fix what's been broken to long , time to make right what has been wrong
Wife is 8 months pregnant.The baby now has all 5 senses, while everything she sees, smells, hears, tastes, or touches makes her cry or puke
HEY EVERY BODY FOLLOW AND ILL FOLLOW BACK
No problem !
i'm excited :
Kobe if not more
Alternately trying to host The Hopkins Review site on Godaddy and banging my head against my desk.
Any help, ?
Or is it just me.
I thought this Kim Jong Un dead rumor was Kim Jong Undead and that Kim Jong Sr.
was back from beyond the grave.
No such luck.
Dam Team Sicki Garbaj is steady on 's time line!!
im a little disappointed in the 9 and 11 start for the Brewers..i understand its early but i dont like the inconsistacy do far
If you can help nurse me back from my foot injury to 100, that would be ideal!
I'll be using your service ASAP
Glad to hear it!
See you in September!
Weather feels great!
Time to just kick it.
I hope your day is full of beautiful surprises and your day is as wonderful as you are.
Happy Valentines Day
Damn niggas keep buying us rounds of doctornks...Ha
About all you can do in life is be who you are.
Rita Mae Brown
We want Tacos!

hope you guys are having an AMAZING weekend!!!!
Xo
I can't tell you how proud I am of my Dad for giving up doctornking That being said it sucks that there's never any liquor at my parent's house
You Sure about that Homeboy?
Thats Rock with an R right?
Check your car license plate stickers if you park by the Southport stop cops are cruising the neighborhood, looking to write people up.
My mom just told me to fking tweet it, just fking tweet it kara..
Thought that was so awesome i forgot what I was actually gonna say
We're looking forward to it!
's new song is the free single of the week on !
Thursday made.
Many customer ideas from MyStarbucks have been implemented.
Digital ideas boxes means faster implementation  great engagement
Hey I have a personal twitter account  TCM, herbs, acupuncture, martial arts and more.
Feel free to follow.
did chi11 plan to bring facebook down today so that we don't procrastinate from our papers?
I love a good Zumba
tell me about it haha
Twitter is such a bizarre combo of wonderful and awful.
Just like everything else I guess
blacklatern says his brother is getting two removed today ouch!
Ouch!
If it's any consolation, I actually read it.
That is AWESOME.
I haven't heard that term since the Intro to Meteorology course I took a few years ago.
Dang!
13 year old dog is stuck under the recliner, bit the Teenage Wonder when he tried to pull her out!
idk city you're in but the club sucks in Chicago tonight...These girls aren't leavin with much..
Happy Birthday to professorssor Jones today!
I'm gonna throw up in your purse
woohoo!
you made my day.
whoa!
Did u just refer to me as a fermented cabbage vocal amplification device?
Im not German and you mean mick
Got it DVR'd don't worry about us fans back here in Cinci, you know we're watchin, just kick a big man!
Piers Anthony?
watching the news  lots of it
Top Reasons to live at PremierLofts: 10 FREE valet service with doctor cleaners!
what's that crazy special sandwich they make at the deli near you?
Carl ordered it for me and it was awesome.
Great weather
Its only two things u can wen faced with a cheating spouse...u can either stay or go but u cant play the fence
who to follow....
hm
Nag, nag, bitch STFU
Dam I really hope I get this promotion at my job.
:/...
I'm ready to boss some bitch ass niggas around.
They can take that shit too.
ThingsIReallyCantStand LIES LIES LIES
hey so wanna come save me from my bordum of working in my parents jewelry shop???
Should have gone to Whole Foods.
I can't believe I think that but they're more chill and no credit card minimum
Sounds like mla12 is not up to do a fundoctorn.
Woulda thought they'd go for that.
Tis the season and all, eh?
It's just funny how the old lady is criticizing free food.
ok you can tell me on a need to know basis.
LOL
It's called selfcontrol.
haha People want us to fail.
They invented awesome freakin technology that distracts us from school.
Last time I heard, you were an amazing teacher, student and leader RT : My life is a joke
Toronto FC, I mean really!!!!!!
'We do befriend the people on our television' Jane Lynch on Maddow Yes, yes we do ;
On our way back to Milwaukee from Chicago
Ponchos!
Why the ponchos.
Isnt that for if it raining.
They should tell you to bring a parka!
The American captainin James Lawrence, coined the term during an 1813 battle with the British after being mortally wounded.
: haha ya what u said.
I've deleted about 10 people off Facebook within the past 3 days.
Sorry !
Couldn't resist: RT : Retweet if you feel more confident with smooth, radiant legs!
papastevesbars, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Soundchecked  3:30pm now it's go time in Annapolis.
Time to get this party started.
2morrow I See Herman Burney with Wycliffe Gordon!!
And the whole Napoli thing would be funnyif he wasn't famous and didn't have so many followers.
That makes it meanwhether he thinks
Good to hear!
I wish you nothing but success!
I think daily practices may vary, but ppl will respond to same things ultimately; honesty, personal connections, etc
Curious sculpture at Schoenbergs grave in Vienna: cube touching square.12 sides  12 tone music!
I have an overwhelming urge to go for a run.
Like right now at 4am.
Last night's URBAN FIRE SHOWCASE  Karma Lounge, NYC was CRAZY.
Great crowd, great energy, and incredible talent!!!
Johnny Short
Awesome one of the band members said i look awesome in video n it should be out soon
And by moron, I don't mean disagrees with me.
I mean moron, regardless of positions.
?The way to happiness: Keep your heart free from hate, your mind from worry
Good times!
I hate the way you make me love you
RT : At the height of OBL death announcement, Twitter was moving 250 times faster than a hummingbird's wings.
Today is a good day.
I don't know why though.
What's jealousy going to fix?
Not one thing if you ask me.
hell yeah, that shit was hot.
I hope the improved alot on prototype 2
It'll just revive as a more bitchy tuesday...
that's a fun place.
Never been on a Friday, but bet its cool.
Great night for it too.
I shouldn't be up this early...I shouldn't be up this early...I shouldn't be up this early...I shouldn't be up this early...
Preparing for tomorrow night..
Cant wait to hear everyone's sets
Wow tomorrow is my last full day of high school left man time goes fast.
I might play on my best friends softball team!
it may be 2:00 before I get to my hotel.
I would rather wake up to zombies than all of this snow.
Todd requests incident at Wrigley Field.
it's a keyboard/synth ..just wanted to know if it was worth buying.
how was the movie?
sorry i didn't make it out there :/
my surveymonkey is being stubborn.
it doesn't want to be done.
Frustrating...
Why do I feel like you're teasing me?
Dude walking ahead of me just tidal waved by a car.
Poor guy
lol ijs.
If i cant have the one i want i rather not have nan and do wht men do to women.lol
why hello there mister attractive
Got lost in cooking last nitestarted out making chicken stew  ended up with cauliflower /bacon  cheddar soup...
Overheard from I'm trying to get circumcision banned in the US
We know you doctorve smart.
Now pick smart.
Choose She really wants an R8.
Thanks for the follow, Darwin.
Thanks for your stream of typographic tidbits, artsparrow!
I know he's all spiritual an shit now but I mean football hits can easily give concussions
Part of being community manager is knowing when  how to use your role.
Sometimes better to sit back, let community hash it out
on your professorle,bad bitch, talk shit etc
Just flew directly over Charleston Harbor in the early morning light.
SHOUTOUT to my Girls I LOVE you girls 3
hahaahahahahah u right!
Almost 1OO followers babys !
Follow me !Follow me !Follow me !
watching The Outlaw Josey Wales all on my own..my man would be so proud.
RT Yes my white chocolate I'm here lol// good u gotta come meet Stoni!!
Thanks for the follow!
Look forward to sharing my work with you.
My dogs make it nearly impossible to take a nap longer than 10 min
This Thai Tea is too good.
i just wanna be 21.
i DONT want to doctornk i just want to be able to get into good concerts.
ha!
that's what Danny said.
he made me look for her on here already.
On that early grind...got the home set up together...
just gotta connect it all, then put up the soundproofing
Pizza bread is, well, pizza bread.
But the sweetly sauced version I had at Cucina Bianchi in Elk Grove Village last night was a step up.
Thanks Michael!
Keep it up and I'm sure you'll get there sooner than you think.
You can't win missing free throws.
12 down with under 6 to play and it looks like it's time turn off the lights..
finalfour dance is over
What's that?
You just do J Mart's bidding now?
He's too good to tweet?
dm sent btw
Help local kids by participating in Extra Life, a 24 hour GAMING MARATHON on October 15th.
SIGN UP TODAY!
www.extralife.org
Thoughts and prayers with the Uecker family.
Family Guy 
iight take your word for it then lol
If you put your tongue in your friend's ear, you should expect your friend's tongue in your ear.
haha yeah dude i was talking to alec, and two kids joined yesterday who dont even know how to.
and we need players
Chris Meister challenges Renear on intentionality: the problem seems to be time  identity, not intentionality kodm // I tend to agree
that we should go on the hunt!
Or get to hit bham
I  NEW YOURK
Walking in Purpose
I less than 3 you
Bless your soul.
I don't even mind that my phone kept going off for a tweet like that
the Heat both the refs and the Mavs tonight.
And this with Bosh only having one eye.
21!
You're welcome!
I had the Monday blues but feel much better now.
I think I need a few weeks off.
Not just 2 days.
;
Great to hear that you will be pouring for I am stopping by Sun.
look forward to trying.
Hear great things.
The faster my followers catch up to my following,the quicker deals will appear.
Run into a store, ask what year it is.
When someone answers you, yell it worked!
Then run out
what time did you go?
Lol what's her name?
Sorry.
I was at a dinner last night.
Mikimoto has a 99 dinein special on their fresh sushi, but you have to ask about it.
we look at Google Analytics reports to gauge success.
The TB Lightning had a nice win last night in OT after being down.
Ryan Malone has been on fire!
Photographers need to be listening to on Kelby TV's The Grid
Does Civility differ from politesse?
dam rain ruined my day 
Thanks for the follows!
and and and and and !
Have a great day!
We are investigating this as we saw them also
Its sad that getting an F on a test is a bigger deal then 13 year old having sex with a 20 year old
: ows This is epic.
Protesters in Tahrir tmister march 2 the US embassy 2 protest violent crackdown of occupyoakland.
what u got rocking tonight?
Yes he does sometimes.
I will have to confront someone today who sent me a nast email.
IMHO, that is very cowardly
Oh I really hate using tables and spacers!
Right now I'm using our old template but will optimize when I can breath again.
Dear Bestfriend, please stay in my life forever because you're one of the best things to ever happen to me.
Love, me.
some1 say this 2 me
Sorry I'm not on face book.
RT I am apart of the 2012 bocce ball champs team
LOL...I just couldn't turn away.
Weed needs to be legalized ASAP.....
If ur renouncing your membership in the Beyhive, u can be her bff, otherwise, NO.
RT lol!
I can't even RT her?
bbworld10 presenting Cont Sys in 9.1 w/ a Project Runway theme.
Awesome!
Tor where you at
It's all about translations  Lucinda Martinez, VP of Multicultural Marketing at HBO at HPNG Latino Leaders Networking Event.
lol nothing you?
hey babygirl happy mothers day how is your day going
Putin Pregnant With Gossip
Have a Fun  Safe Weekend  tener un fin de semana seguro y divertido.
I need to chill because I need to raise 4000 for an event by next Tuesday!
Good luck to at the P.I.T this week/weekend.
I see nothing but success in his future.
HumbleHungry
woke up, and is still moving to New Orleans.
Yay!
Looks like there will be 8 Laps Left at the green flag.
Cami just said, Don't harsh my mellow.
I've taught 80s lingo so well.
PROUD MAMA!!!
Cannot get the Liberty Bell out of my head....why did I ever choose to conduct that piece with the high schoolers???
Knew you were huge bonner : I should have been part of the AV club in middle school, but I played the trombone instead.
Well come on!!
Its gonna be
I don't want to believe it's true if I also have to believe the descriptions of his junk are true.
back atcha!
We're looking forward to checking out the relaunch  take care :
I need to work on my attitude towards my nigga but you BITCHES and bitch niggas do deserve the rath of Natasha
You're such a trendsetter.
:
Awake.
Post ride shots turned into nearly half a pint.
Slightly foggy.
Force feeding self and tryin to make it out tonight.
NewFeds practice interviewing with someone who is not a librarian.
Posting pics of underage doctornking on Facebook with your boobs hanging out really shows me where your cumdumpster is
bring the data!
let us know if you need some more geocoding API help.
I know right fml so stressed.
About to move to logans square
2011 was full of amazing memories and adventures and 2012 will be full of even GREATER experiences :
: Been sampling some fantastic beers here in Portland.
Hopworks brewery, bikes  beer, carbon neutral very nice IPA.
For some ladies out there, change your bad attitude and watch your bad relationship change.
She looks crusty lol
your avi made my heart sink!
Your veryy luckyy!
yo what's good
Forced to watch 15 minutes previews on DVD
My sweet tooth is having my usual cravings for cake, ice cream, cookies etc too bad i have none grrrr.
.
that's funny
On a park bench with but dont worry, there's a backpack between us.
you trying to get some Black Thunder!
You're beautiful, its true.
How much of a network is it if when you contact them they say Now, how do I know you?
Never underestimate the power of the 40 lesbian.
RT : One sentence reads, who would expect fortyyearold lesbian spies?
NYC BH Electronics caters to Portugese Speaking Brasilian Clients and Their Special Needs
thank you for voting on our online proctoring poll!
: Niggas with no followers act like followers isn't everything Bitch you wasnt with me TWEETING AT THE CRIB
Wow...
the best review on natural breast enlargement produtcs  Photoshop CS6
o ok that makes sense.
Thanks :
This morning was like the opening number of a musical  beautiful day and everyone in my neighborhood saying hi to me.
Then it keep going!
Lol STOP!!
When 1D plays on the radio at track practice and the temperature is 72 degrees, you kinda forget about the stress in your life.
Sweet !
Will throw in some other goodies for you too.
How've you been?
Loving your stuff.
xo
The Main Library will be closed on Sunday, May 13th for Mother's Day.
age of Adolescents w/Type 2 Diabetes45.
To the youth, there ain't no tomorrow if you don't control this today.
Get Healthy, Eat Healthy.
Why u be trippen?!
keep pissing off and ridiculing your customer base and in 30 years you can be Jerry Tipton!
i think i may name him Trigger.
Dont know yet but hes my dog buddy so back off!!!
687k to end the day.
doubled up getting lucky vs darren elias then doubled a short 5k/10k tomorrow 16 left
Yes.
my pen name is Pete Beast.
heading over to the for the second half..
I'll be wearing the Laker home jersey with Gonzales on the back..
come say hi
omg that was so funny that face that u gave me I wonder where my dads at
Congrats on the internship!
I know you were looking forward to it!
Look into taking it as gen study instead of com.
Tomorrow, perhaps?
RT : : Who y'all think I should doctorp a record with from MEMPHIS??
Yung Swagg
LOL!
Just heard someone complaining...Sometimes it seems like God has returned and taken all of the NICE people...WAIT!
I am still here!
grateful for the air I breathe
Dear girl who has been arguing into a cell phone for the last 10 minutes in the women's restroom down the hall, WHY?
Black,Caucasian,Hispanic,Asian,Middle Eastern etc.
are all welcomed at
it was my birthday when it happened!
Appalled at how old the papers at the bottom of my inbox actually are.
Agreed.....
and deffinately not a time for a victory lap.
bout time
Second gym session went well now work than training than gym again and than eat than one more !
When the robots take over, I hope umpires are the first to go.
The world is filled with awe, and if we remain mindful in our search for it, we shall be, too.
Erin Waddle
Oh God, and then I spelled still wrong.
I give up.
Protect Our Kids Act would establish a commission to develop a national standard for reporting ChildAbuse fatalities.
Well goodnight fuck heads :
i'm gonna be famous
i don't get it.
Explain.
Maybe you should become a professorssor and work in academia!?
so you are boy belieber
These some of the ugliest strippers I've ever seen though.
My eyes hurt.
If I could go back and make it happen faster don't ya know baby I would 
All of us here at Montaño Acura wishing everyone a very Happy Thanksgiving!
What is the secret to finding a good relationship?...or does it all Kum with
: positive thinking takes you much further.
Surely, it is God who saves me; I will trust in him and not be afraid.
/RT
Haha me either!
Its okay!
BTW...
if anyone is interested in the outcome of the game against Mary, it's 60, 60...
even though the game is tomorrow :
If you put an order in with us already, it will be ready this week!
me too but mine just came back
almost done packing...
will be Ontario, Ca airport at 2:30pm
June 7, its been rumored.
there are few as genius as you Randall
So Happy Followed Back!
:D..Well GoodNight Hopefully When I Wake Up Has Followed Me ; mahomie 3
Me the music  a Margarita
Thanks for the listing!!
I know!
Thought for sure he was going to bite it on the road.
Or hit the car!
I bet it stands out from all of the pretty pink houses.
FRIGGIN SNOW IN WASHINGTON STATE?!
Lml, right...
They wud look at me like I'm crazii but oh well.
Haha.
Sure u can vote more than once but not just repeatedly 
Where did change project to tag go?
Musicians, keep your listeners wanting more: end your song on the tritone, minor second or major seventh.
That's how Thelonius Monk did it.
there are still a few doctorvein theaters in indiana, but they're disappearing like most other places too.
Good Morning.
I have woke from my slumber and I am preparing for todays tattoo appointments.
Need Coffffeeeeeeee
it's not stealing when it's you, my twin!
LOL go for it!
send me the link and I'll add it!
The Ellen degeneres show 
Put derrick rose back in
Hey!
Congrats on joining Edelman!
babies just sleep you have time
I quite Andoctorid.
doctoridX was a fail for me.
Moved to iPhone.
way to tickle that post out to the internet Plush!
All this Polo on I got Horse Power!!
Skill is the unified force of experience, intellect and passion in their operation
When you can't decide what to do or which way to go, Trust God!
Best decision you'll ever make!
I have my business and you have yours so stay out of mine and we'll be alright.
Yum!
Sounds great.
We will definitely have to try
Max McGee
Oh lol I just noticed that.
But don't feel creepy haha.
Love the seamless integration of virtual experts in the opening session
my labor was easy and quick.
I slept almost the whole time I was in labor haha
Fasho I got you.
Can you email me some samples of your music.
are you awake?
want to work out?
I need motivation
touched nicely
what does everyone think about Bank of Americas directions tomorrow?
Really wish I had new tennies for the race Tom
I want a Spotted Cow.
Like, right now.
Half day at work!
Headed out on the boat.
Can't tonight.
Maybe sometime this weekend.
What is the Neo4j team doing in Chicago?
You ready Duke's?
Were gonna bring our country thunder hard to y'all this Friday night!!
Black Wednesday: Turkeys stuff Santa and pair with Elfberry gravy in a liberating role reversal.
I will be in China for 36 days beginning April 8th.
I hope to bring you some interesting insights into the Chinese housing market
When one of my followers tweets some shxt I know is false ...
if your rap name consist of the word swag in anyway, you're a clown and you suck.
Another day of great weather, another day closer to Opening Day!
RT if you're as excited as we are!
Life is not a spectator sport  Jackie Robinson
try the unwich next time!!
So good!!
we'll be there well bring it!!!!
3 thanks for the shows!
you are awesome.
Its all about hair conditioner today!
my goodness, your followers then were 530, now 17,381 wow.
In the championship in all 3 yahoo fantasy leagues  playing for 3rd in my 100 league where I'm guaranteed 150 even with a loss next wk.
It's been coming.
Now it's here.
Let's make what it's fighting for disappear.
Support KONY2012!!!
Lions vs Raiders...
Broncos vs Patriots...
Season finale of Dexter...
It's safe to say I'll be in front of my Tv all day.
A heart is like a piñata if you put it in the wrong persons reach it'll break
Coming together is a beginning, staying together is progress, and working together is success.
Kive and microplace.
I love them!
TURE that!
RT : It's practically impossible to live here and not be a foodie SFoodie SanFrancisco San Fran
Tune into Emily G on 1067KISSFM RIGHT NOW!
Tweet her
i don't know about you but it's hard to work without my hypem mix playing in the background!
N.J.
father records teacher, aide mocking autistic son
we r done.
We should of traded Douglas for Flynn at least Flynn know he can't shoot.
I don't care what they say in their commercial, I know those Leinenkugel people are Brewers fans.
Marquette v Arrowhead  Kettle Morraine,7pm, this Sat.
Get ur presale tix  MUHS, wear blue/gold.
Cheer Topper Football to VICTORY!!
Omg never leaving my trainer for more than three days in a row.
She was just waiting for me to come back to unleash the fury
too cool for the hipsters
Cure for Pain is coming along well.
I've been able to work on it every night this week.
OK, it's a challenge: Who shall claim ?
Or some underscored version of that?
I want you girl, and I need your body right here.
so true haha
You make beautiful things out of crust.
packin up for the show tonight  Under the Couch at GA Tech.
Disappear!
Never that!
How's the day going?
Completely agree about engagement, but its hard in most venues to allocate twt seats that dont disturb others.
hi man !
lakers gonna get swept
Omg ..
these niggas right here dawg !
Thanks for checkingin, !
What did you enjoy at Sebastian Joe's?
looks around my bad!!!
love mistletoe please follow me
Why is this week going by so slow???
What's the name of the anime where a kid goes around catching pokemon and uses them to battle other pokemon to become a pokemon master?
Not completely satisfied with the breakfast Maurice made..
wish he told us what he was cookin last night
I love it when military men call me ma'am.:
dude no shut up: haha so who you going to ask to be you're Valentine's??
Invited 2 MSfundoctoriser last night by Byron Allen, hob nob with top tier of fundoctorisers they raised 1,000,000 ANAZING.
Night
Word from Thomas is that it works but needs more testing.
Powerpoint will be available soon!
8k goes our to my bestest friend ever : I'm glad I get to spend spring break with you
We can look into the shipping rates and see if it is still cost effective for your trip.
If not, Check out Tep Wireless.
Glad I'll soon be a member of
She could be on the other side of the fence
Chris Pervman Andersen has been dismissed from all team activities.
LOL.
Funniest segment ever.
ANNUAL IRELAND TRIP GIVEAWAY!
We are having a big party on Friday, March 16th!
We will be giving away a trip for TWO to Ireland  a tour...
I think were busy.....
well love u all so bye and thatks for all of the followers kk trying to get up to 500 kk love u bye
My bus this morning smells like Acton snooker rooms
Hello Metroplex !!
Even though it's Wednesday , Mambocafe Dallas it's like Friday and that's how we want you to feel !!
super advice!!!!
No one to talk with, I'm by myself.
No one to walk with cuz I'm happy on the shelf.
Aint misbehavin, I'm saving my love for you!
Home Sweet Home.
Had fun
i just got accepted to the college of my doctorams, this is so amazing!
im so happy that i'm crying :'
We LOVE the BEST pizza in town!
Camos Brothers Pizza, the most authentic NY Pizza you'll find in the South!
7321 Six Forks Rd
How can we help you and your business?
Which Summer Fairs/Festivals are you going to attend this year?
Any special attractions that you plan to take in?
When I first moved to America, I thought halfandhalf was halfskim, halfregular milk.
I was ordering those fat lattes for like, 6 months.
kind of wish I was there too, but on the other hand I hiked, played soccer, hit a library, made pizza, and read a book today!
Date nite with hubby...dinner and paranormal activity....romantic LMBO
happy birthday!
We have a gray owl stalking prey in our backyard.
That got my husband and I wondering why they got the label wise.
Hmm...
Have a safe and fun Halloween tonight!
What is everyone doctorssing up as?!
The advanced production list is up SF State!
Go to the 4th floor and check it out!
You won't be disappointed.
Ok  is on any time minute now ...
Me  are freaking!!
So believes that I'm influential in unicorns.
I thought you'd appreciate that.
I gave you the tools to figure it out for yourself.
Thx for the follow!
..like a sadness is there, kinda like Keanu, only deeper..something he might not even KNOW he has, or needs healing for..any good
'Somebody That I Used to Know,' Gotye continue remarkable rise  WJLA
You Right :
Thanks, very much appreciated the opportunity.
You can always come back sooner than the next AFW13!
Thanks for the FF!
I hope you have an awesome Friday  weekend!!
nice!
Ya, I was torn on what party/theme I wanted to attend...
let's connect soon.
Enjoy this BEAUTIFUL weather.
I cheated on my fears, broke up with my doubts, got engaged to my faith and now ...
Im marrying my doctorams
Green isn't my color lol plus I don't have anything green
Break depression by focusing only on the moment.
Be in the now.
Banner is better than Thor d: so is Loki.
Whew.
The cute kid managed to get onto the car in time.
Would've been tragic to see him not make it.
it feels like someone just stabbed me in the chest.
holy crap.
Many weeks after Basel and my feet are finally starting to feel normal again...
U r shameless as always but gotta give it 2 u 4 pointing out what's not journalism since u r n expert in paddling filth  lies ;
Updating my twitter account, something new to play with ..
LMAO
we dont have a facebook but we do have a facebook like page.
Its called Red Company
owner will be on flexxfmisterdio doing a interview involving DV  !!
NY .ATL.NJ.MIAMI.CONN.
PEEPS TUNE IN !
NEXT SATURDAY !!
Heads up 7up?
The team is currently preparing something special for our guests.
Thrilled!
They are selling Hard Candy brand cosmetics at Walmart.
How fabulous!
Vanilla Ice is a sexy ass white boy!!!!
2012.
I'm ready for you.
Sweet!
Thanks
Just trying to do me.
That's all anyone can ever really do...
insecure in a different, not literal way,,that is :
Thanks, for having time/temp/sponsor logos on screen throughout coverage of tonight's fireworks display!
I know linkin was huge now I'm like were did they go?
Enjoy your choice of beer, expired condiments, or that 4 year old can of meat sodium in tomato sauce.
RT : Tomorrow ONLY  Jack's Pizza Spectacular Midway rides ONLY 1!
What a deal!
ReplaceFilmsTitlesWithVagina Who's Afraid of Vagina Woolf?
we need make a indoor track it be so so cool but i know that won't happen but if be too much gas and smoke coming out car
u ready for game 1 Sunday
i'm cool with that haha
i made typos n shit thats how mad i am
Common complaint re Silverlight.
Haven't heard the UI complaint.
But have you seen 's example of mobile clients?
So far, candidates r doing a good job of telling us what's needed, little lean on HOW they r going to get us there.
There isn't a person...
Mysterious as the dark side of the moon
really, the Bogusky show is charming, bizarre, and somehow impossible to stop watching...
oh dear haha!!
where you from ??
:
How can we be SURE that Weeden will be better than Colt?
That is what bothers me.
Journalist on their reporting.
Teachers and curriculum.
Citizens on legislative testimony.
Judges.
Candidates.
Appointees.
Filling out LawSchool apps ...
yes I know I'm a little late :
you that mad??
this nigga is ticked off.
RT : Nigga stop RT'n me lmao
I feel like there is magic in this world!
Magic in everything...
And I'm learning that you can actually see it when your patient!
yesterday I saw a poutine gravy truck.
if I hadn't Binged on 711 food earlier, I would SO take gravy fries
WISH I was ONE of those FISH!
LOL!
:
Havent ate a thing today and still have no appetite
how can we order up some apparel for our team members?
It is great watching the bucks please follow 
Is that a good thing or a bad thing?
:
Twitter is being obnoxiously slow.
Which sauce are you putting on your burger this May?
National Hamburger Month is in full swing!
Both Dari/Pahsto is taught on program called Rapport.
Plus we have talented 'terps'.
:
I think he did fabulous being injured, he hates to admit, the defense kept sacking him over  over.
No 1 person carries team
Tammistern Hall sure controlled the show .She didn't suck up or run when the interviewee would not answer.The press is supposed to ask
no bolt?
Lmao.
Right.
A red rocket is a dog's wiener.
RT : They really shouldn't call him the Red Rocket...
thanks !
Good times ....
you should probably follow me back on instagram since I followed you !!
justsayin :
If people winked in real life as much as they do in texts, the world would be a really creepy place.
Merry Christmas!
would love to see this but I got an error clicking through
Hey Real Estate Agents.
Wine makes a great houswarming gift / client thank you.
Come buy  save at Wine  Roses Charity Tasting  Sale 6/10
In honor of daylight savings time, come take advantage of all night 5 happy hour at the bar!
Santorum support for RL is one that will back fire on him.
I thought he was smarter than that!!!
Chicago  San Francisco
are you talking about Bob?
Cool!
Why were you on epr?
and the guy couldn't get to the top of the stairs before getting grabbed and hauled away
oh my goodness.
SOMEONE PLEASE BANG THIS KIDS HEAD INTO A WALL
I don't know how to feel.
I never wanted my own brother to go through the same shiz as me.
Ill be there for you
Could dark matter simply be made of yet unknown particles or elements?
My recent experiences are limited to adults, so I am only speaking about postsecondary  I respect your pointofview.
I DOUBT anyone's giving us ANYTHING for M.R.
But I don't want to rush a kid to the majors.
I dunno if B.R.
is EVER coming back.
Starting a 5 WK class tonight on the knowledge of God.
Its so vital because Ideas have consequences.
Ideas about God have the most.
Trying to win the dodgers fight in Co.
I've been there.
Tough road to travel in this town as a Dodger, Lakers and Raider guy.
Twitter is suggesting I follow the Pivert.
After 2 run in's with him....
I text you.
You don't text back.
I feel stupid.
Therefore, I won't be texting you again.
just saw you reading with ur kids on Been reading ur blog since u were pregnant with first child.
Congrats!
Thx for following and !
Let us know if can provide you with IT solutions!
btw u have an iPad right?
We will do our best.
;
RT : Supernatural is the best show there is.
??
almost Friday!
you should eat some prunes young grasshopper!
Carl DeMaio went to Texas and is now broadcasting to the world how much better Austin is to do business than SD.
That's helpful...TO AUSTIN!
that'd be great!
Look forward to hearing from you!
Thanks
At least it is Star Wars Day.
Made it back downtown and it's barely raining here.
I swear I wasn't being doctormatic!
What are you wearing?!
My eyes and head hurt.
Thanks to all for the Rts/mentions!
Feliz Tuesday to all!
I use the TCM app to watch vicariously.
Lots of great clips too!
Would happily pay for a streaming service.
Take me off your buddylist bitch you fake hope you and your computer catch a virus lol
I like how he talks and how he is idk lol he makes you be interested imo.
Mixtape n progress promise it will best u ever heard
Congrats!
TEAMPUGILIST BOXING RT : A!!!!!
I brought that big W home for TeamPugilist n GMBfightTeam baby
I'm traveling to Germany from Feb 23 to Feb 27 with
oh that's Wasup!
Green is my favorite color!
just make sure you stay away from names like Destiny  you should be ok
thank u but I really want to follow back
Omg listening to magical mystry tour all the way through omg this is amazing baby I'm a rich man
A humorist is a person who feels bad, but who feels good about it
I've got the turning beer into pee routine perfected.
Now if I can figure out how to reverse the process then I'll be rich!
lol in that order
Yep!
But only after you get white privilege!
Oops!
I know...but you deserve that...right?
LOL!
Have you ever tried aromatherapy to relieve everyday stress?
when u rollin bacc out the A loco?
Take care of the earth and she will take care of you..
Wink if You Want it......
What do you want?
How about this snow east tennessee?
You can only be responsible for yourself and for your own thoughts, attitudes, actions and behaviors.
Someone doctorpped six Social Security cards in the men's room toilet.
We went to a car show!
Had fun sitting in new concept cars and cutting up together.
We've been married now for 19 years.
Agree, we see that ALL the time RT : Bror Saxberg says giving students control of learning pace is proven to work.
you know shit was spectacular, when a nigga uses the word spectacular
Thanks for following!
others!
Coach Rudy creepin on you when you would run
Pretty sure Chen just saved his own life.
Pretty pissed I won't be at the Garden tonight, but ,  , as always, have the dotcomination covered.
Wasn't in a mirror, was it?
: When I left WWDC last year, jackets followed me to the airport.
U are welcome
Baby grow, er yes.
very exciting man!!
can you please give me a shout out??
Thankks:
This statement will possibly shock those who know me well: I think I wanna go to this year!
Who's in?
Food coma 
Thats it tomorrow im having a picnic.
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
How sad!
I'm learning YouTube tips w/ ,  SeanMalarkey social truth
you've been practicing for this moment for years!
What are you doing for mother's day?
I know what I'm doing!
I cant wait till comes on tomorrow
NOT a GOD DAYUM PERSON
Happy happy BK!!
RT : happy Friday Coach!
Words to live by!!
so whatcha wearing?
Foodallergy your ears must have been ringing from the all the love from us!
LOL!
thank you for posting this
Teenagers abound!
Guessing high school football Field?
Skateboards, pompoms,  pop hits OH MY!
i already list you but unlist me and list plz :D
DYK?
Garrett Morgan, Inventor of the Traffic Signal was a member of A Phi A
have u lived in any other part of GA?
I think we chatted before a while ago...
I'm good at faces.
aw your welcome :
Haylen grey , shane grey
0A1.1.
General rule.
If your description and display standards need explaining to users, you're doing something wrong.
at school...having a horrible time
So if Jack doesn't play live then who does?
Some magical copy who looks and acts exactly like him?
Think it through asshole.
So close to summer...
:
Hey Jose, it's that Asian kid from In N Out!
I caucused for Ron Paul.
I'm a Barry Goldwater conservative.
Look up any of this and view their policies.
I get tired of people who have no common sense 
The day you realize you are NOT the only one in this world is the day you are really living in a GOOD DAY.
3
My New Joints Are Coming Soon...
keep You Posted.....
I think I'm addicted to the client list.
I like Ramiro Pena, but his numbers are generally flat.
Yet, Yanks continue calling him up.
They know something we don't C yet?
I love how real and happy you are all the time!
You truly are an amazing gift!!!
If InDesign is smart enough to have autosave, why can't all the other programs do the same?
They're all Adobe!!
I'm just saying what I feel  the truth if u don't like than adios
you mean in terms of doctorads right?
Send us your questions for tonights show!!
the closer we get to the house, the more anxious and excited i get!
no, Ethan is fired.
Lmao
John Wolf.
Is that a Jewish name?
Come in for a free cup of coffee...African coffee is presumed to increase your mental powers by at least 20
Follow me on
I went on tour with them
A true love story never has an ending............
Hello Monday morning.
We meet again.
I still love you
nice!!
My hometown
I swear they're trying to kill us with this chemicalized tap water.
I know there's worse water out there, but jeez.
We love hearing from you!
Bout to a bad a shower
You know it's going to be a good day when you wake up 20 min late, and then attempt to put your leg in the wrong pantshole for 5 whole min.
no are u?
back at you!
Don't you wish you could just google anything?
Such as Where's Austin mahone?
Google: Under your bed
Swine fever click here for the latest, and no doubt we will sell you something
Menu for Tuesday Egg White Omelete with Sage Chicken Sausage, Spinach and Roasted Potatoes .
Turkey Lettuce Wraps
OMG love Graeters.
My good friend is the manager of 2 So.
Ind.
stores.
If I got paid for training games, the world would be a better place
Not one of all the LORD's good promises to the house of Israel failed; every one was fulfilled.
Joshua 21:45
I adore u!
U make me smile inside and out.
God bless pretty lady!
Ryan's overview of magic  charlatanry included many intriguing  humorous tales  vignettesesp astrology, prognostication,  alchemy.
The Farmer's Fair this week and the Navy Bean Fall Festival next week..
you can sure sure tell that it's Autumn in Indiana!
thank u so much.
Just trying to hang tough.
Lol..
got a bunch of pictures to find.
Tears n all but gotta do it.
Twugs
Everyone is talking about ripiau, is still retweeting shit and posting boobs on twitter...that doesn't seem very dead to me
I'd feel bad for Selena too if he left it up..
awh theywerecutethough : x
kids just off to HungerGames midnight premier I'm finishing up Girl with doctorgon Tatoo
Welcome to Twitter, you're gonna have a blast!
I have to go BRB
Thanks to Doc Quinn for the 1st edition of The Day Lincoln Was Shot.
Thinking what have we learned since then.
Life's problems wouldn't be called hurdles if there wasn't a way to get over them.
Author Unknown
im jus kiddin !
If I cud id give to u a hug right now :
aww, thats my show.
i missed it /:
Head over and check out our good friends The Last Troubadour and Eat The Rich we will be playing with them April 8th.
Spoiler On this week's Mad Men, Pete joins W.A.S.T.E.
furchat who's the cohost?
When I am standing in front of God on judgement day, I want him to look at my name and smile.Be proud in serving him!
Godizluv.
Peace!
Thanks!
I hope it makes things easier for everyone!
If u have to go to bed at 9:30 p.m follow me RT it and mention me wen ur done!!!!!!
:

no more 2 Tortilla Rolls combo?
que pasa?
People all around you are branding you.
Good or bad, youve got an image to the rest of the world, whether you intended it or not.
I think uncle lennie and ya!
speaking of bachelor parties  when is yours?
I did
last night together 4 season bring us good luck sir!
IEPPal will be exhibiting in the ASHA National Show in November in San Diego  please plan to stop by and meet our team there if you attend
haha, mark hates small dogs too, they can get annoying with their barking..u guys should visit lucille here soon
doctornk a blackout stout today.
fuck sopa!
almost party fouled!!!
Somebody cut her off!!!
Classes delayed for 2 and a half hours?
...
You know what that means!
Sleepy time and ramen.
Oh and TGIF !
I hope they at least get a touchdown or a goal
Oh what a night!
Met one of my BFFs 1/2 way between city/burbs to shop, eat  chat.
Spontaneous fun!
ran out of space.
Blogger...
is nice  easy, so I'd say a 5.
Willing to please, but lacking in features.
Thank you Paul Mitchell salon in Phoenix for providing makeovers to my doctorss for Success ladies so they look redhaute for interviews!
It's funny seeing people who don't know how to use hashtags correctly in their tweets.
Plays posted so far from 100 cappers and one consensus and more to come...Last night the consensus on FSU hits as they pounded BC
I'll Share Anything.
But Not You.
;
RT : has approved relief  for Ulster, Orange  Oneida counties due to Tropical Storms Irene  Lee.
Mixing  mastering some soundtrack music for a DVD today.
RT : You might see some Katies on WCCO at 6  many gave Silent Shout w/ deaf hiphop artist Signmark!
Switzerland is beautiful.
That could've been so much worse.
Hope everything turns out ok...
hello lovely lady!
i miss you terribly!
Bro, Ashley's Here
People who doctornk beer in moderation tend to report fewer instances of ill health than those who don't doctornk!
Pint anyone?
Lmao...Ok ok ok it has been a while lol: DIDNT KNOW THAT WAS U!
LOL
Fam, Came From The Bottom track is hot!
You have to let your boy come to studio with you one day and let me see how u get down!
65 of the rough cut is done!
Another great day at the studio :
I'm seriously so glad no one saw.
Just between me and him.
Haha.
It hurt!!
how do I get my company affiliated with your company ?
Russell Wilson over Nick Foles???
What are you doing NFL teams.
Your all messing up.
!!!!!
: Juventus have gone unbeaten through out this season!
That's amazing!
Looks so delicious!
Now listening to Lucky Night
Camp Rock 2 is on now!
Thanks for the follow !
We're always glad to have Girl Scouts come out to visit our 1890s farm!
Ok it team grizz time!!
Finished the James study 2day w/my YMCA fellowsojourners/now my walk, a little housework and a new book The Swiss Courier by
I teared up not gonna lie
Yep.
As part of the initial hiring documents, that might make sense.
whats the number???
Sen.
Hansen declares recall victory.
Four cups of coffee with lots of sugar, still sleepy!!
What the hell is wrong with me!
Marshall Sylver  www.getrichradio.com will be signing On in just a minute!
Listen now to have a chance in winning the 1000 CASH prize!
JoeyDiamondFact joeys goal is to be a positive role model for young teenagers...
does that explain the Joey Diamond speaks?
Pat Smear on stage with Dave Grohl  co.
to accept the Grammy
Man who up !
Stfu about austin not being single!!!
First Keyra git hate, and now Austin is getting mean comments about Taylor!
Shutup!
You girls have no
cool!
what did you do?

where was the media then?
chocolate added to that mix makes a good snuggle session great.
Thanks  Please send some harissa to make it better!
:
Now that I'm home I'm probably going back to sleep
not if I get shit for Boston from pacers fans
Brian Williams special on obama white house refreshing, hopeful, classy things we have been missing
Today just keeps getting better 
Who saw Don Kelly's great grab in the stands in RF last night to seal the Tigers' 64 win at Seattle?
I've done Sxsw since I was 17  I'm missing it this year....
Sad sad day!
So all you peeps checking n on 4sq, u r not my friends right now!
YouKnowItsRealWhen when I bring you around my BFF.
To bad you messed it up.
Quit putting in a show it's annoying
I'm blown away by the community of home beer brewers that has developed on YouTube.
Learning lots just reading comments left by others.
haha.
Oh well your still lucky!: you got to talk to him,  he has your twitter now :

Hey, it's Monday.
All good revolutions start on a Monday.
umm when was the peace?
JULY 28TH!
2013!
SEATTLE.
SO EXCITED!!!
and ARE COMING TO TOWN.
:D
Mandatory Evacuation of AC.
No beach or shopping for me today.
I hate you Irene!
May I do my part in both areas.
that's interesting..
Sounds dope
lind.
Just find some for me n let me know the prices.
Get my  from Ken.
Thx
Can't wait until we open at 4 today.
Looking forward to some great Bowl Games this weekend!
Bout to blast some music  write this Mo'Fo essay 
Lakers fans usually are filled with love for our own.
So is the case for the Fish ovation.
I already hava a box of Coors Light, don't need more commercials telling me to buy more PUT THE GAME ON!
apparently....
i leave a hell of an impression!!!!
S/o To My Nigga
oh...don't tempt me.
I would totally love rent a puppy!!
Samsung SVoice is a Siri rival for Galaxy S I  Andoctorid Community
Listen to our music or the kitten DIES.
Thanks for the TotD!
I'm dilating  1cm  Teagan is doing 1000 though So i won't complain this will be over in no time !
I see.
Is it because I made that Alabama joke that one time?
Lol
NW Tropic Thunder
Facebook just spent a billion dollars on a patina filter.
Making a pit stop and an old man just informed me, watch out boy...there ain't no crapper paper in there!
Good Burger is on omg my life
that actually only makes 9 for Bama.
They lie about the others.
did you get your dvds yet?
are you gettin' sexy?
Congrats for your feature on Kickin' it with Kenny.
Awesome location, awesome wears!
Good job guys.
Watched an absolutely fascinating piece on beavers.
I want a pet beaver.
The ratio of men to women who now watch the superbowl is 3 to 2.
Women are coming around to the NFL in doctorves.
if your a beautiful freak then light the place up
Nine In The Afternoon  Panic!
At The Disco.
:D I'm loving this, so much good music!
:D 3 haha
Thanks!
Take a look at 11 :
I got that bitch by the mind...Her mind is what the fuck i got, she can't stop thinking about me day or night..Mind control on these bitches
I get the best feeling in the world when you say hi or even smile at me because I know, even just for a second, that I've crossed your mind.
Welcome back to reality, where there are only 20 more work days of the year.
What are we going to accomplish?
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
crap just stepped on and popped my ice pack..are you allowed to touch that stuff...
its everywhere :
We Will Never Let Justin Go 333
I need to do something soon that doesn't make me feel like an adult and doesn't happen in a nightclub.
Aww thanks Beautiful!!!
Thanks for keeping us informed.
I think that was the saddest email this morning.
NDSA voted to ratify the organizing documents.
Interested organizations can go to: www.digitalpreservation.gov/ndsaform
You got to turn up the radio
.
You guys slayed Flammable last night!
Kyle that percussion you were bringin.
Fire!
A  J, grooves 4 days!
me!
someone should bring them back.
New GPG/SMUGs member perk: 15 off all!
Check your perks page for the code.
I loved it too, over 100 animators....
Crazy
Ann....now just brutal.
one more follower and i donate now 60!!!
to the breast canser foundation
Why on earth would you follow me?
Have you lost your mind or are you simply masochistic?
I deball RWNJ trolls for sport.
I saw Bully today.
Take your kids to see it and if you don't have kids, see it anyway.
Come on people, can we all get along?
your just fine
physics.....more like dhysics
not asking you to do anything.
It came off as 'look at the freak' more than 'omg' to me, that's all.
Thank you for clarifying.
When Princeton talks to Christmas With MY Girl 
Looking for glutenfree dining in DC?
LiLLiES in WoodleyPark offers a wide array of gluten free menu items to accommodate your every need!
Katy Perry wants to go country.
You should do a duet with her.
Instead of twang you'll have 'tune.
Oh, The Amazing Spiderman looks delicious and highly entertaining!
Amen, Chris.
RT : It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believe in myself.
Muhammad Ali
Pray for abused and neglected childoctorn.
Psalm 127:3.
Childoctorn are a gift from the Lord; they are a reward from him.

my idol aka the vocal master
Anybody going to see the ziggy stardust at the music box on thurs?
Thinking about it.
trying to keep from getting distracted
My album sounds beautiful.
I am so happy about it.
And I had a rockin photo shoot so I'm feelin' good.
Tired but good.
So tired.
So good.
you.
are.
the.
man.
Graduation May 12th, then a lot of things to figure out.
Can't thank you enough for having my back this much
Haha!
Sorry, Rick.
NoMoBigEast.
At least u wont have to play Providence again.
: ESPN says UofL looking to move to Big12 or ACC.
the variety of things you can do as an actor is amazing.
Its gonna be so much fun.
From doctorma to action, to comedy, to horror
thanks man.
Saw CP3 for first time last night.
Amazing.
Let's get this straight..
It annoys me when people hit me up on FB chat and log off without saying goodbye.
Ep 2, even better!
Thought about diff segments?
Maybe a this day in music?
Or artist birthday?
Or something cooler?
Enjoyed the article!
Fool3 Did you use the Combined Gas Law for all the problems?
Well, most?
awh it's okay B :
u didn't bring the unigrowler?
JAIIII!
FOLLOW P L E A S E!
Wow its been a longg day
5 more days and I'll be a starryeyed Southern girl in the big NYC.
Any more recommendations for a first time New York visitor?
Tonight's special: Hey Sloppy Joes!
Veganfriendly, served w/ potato salad  chips.
Just 6!
RT : Santorum mentions bottom twice.
Please keep your private life to yourself, Rick.
They just advertised KSR on WQMF.
What happened when the cannibal bit off a missionary's ear?
He had his first taste of Christianity!
none of my followers know who he is when he followed me and TWEETED that he did they were like who that.
Sad
haha omg xD and I think its totally cute  adorable that you Love Cats and kittens 3
your legs should be really fresh then  right?
good luck and have fun.
i'll be cheering for you.
Please pray for our show.
would love to see a copy of the ephemera paper; please share when you're ready.
I may look OK, but i am not.
I might say i don't care, but i really do.
I might say i don't love you, but that's not true 3
can I get one please
I'm not touching you!!
I'm so good with this, I remind you I'm so hood with this.
Got it!
Welcome to Twitter!
QT : Biggs  tell me if you get this.
shut up haha lol I see u right now science class sucks ughh im bored
looks more like a monkey...
I'll be here tho.
Don't worry.
RT : I have a new fear, fear of loosing you.
hey follow me please thk ;
Spencer and Emily is trending...WOW
About to head to bed.
Got some crap on my mind.
Made a new video to on my main channel if you wanna check it out!
:
Everyone go follow please!
She needs more followers!
Thanks:
It has just now set in...
wishes the most talented rhymers would all work together so we can all be rich and successful.
48 Hrs Mystery tonite...hoping they preview our show that will air next week...getting so excited!
you ever wake up irritated?
I do
Philip EMBURY, a German speaking Irishman brought Methodism to America.
Fascinating story, Google it.
Merry Christmas
R u saying he's technologically challenged?
LOL
I can be manipulated only so many times; Before even I love you starts to sound like a lie
Yummy!
Cherry pie for 'Pi' Day!
Will keep my eyes open for youwould be fun to meet up!
It's hard out here for a hypochondoctorac.
So ready for summer as well.
Joanie Griffin and Dea Rankin are headed to NM Business Weekly's Women of Influence Luncheon today.
stretch time
don't go.
It's a trap!
Calvin Johnson, Demaryius Thomas have set bar pretty high for Georgia Tech WRs.
Good luck Stephen Hill
Owning a home gives a sense of belonging.
Roots.
A place in the community.A little place in the world for your family thats uniquely ours.
June 5th??
5 days before my birthday !!:
spring break's gonna be over in like, 2 days.
I HAVEN'T HAD ENOUGH SLEEP YET OIAHTASKJGN
working on the sdgrub website
cant wait to go home.
wicked headache....
fml
what the hell are u on and why don't u join us for 8 game anymore?
hope u all follow me as soon as i think of a username an post it on here becuz i luv all of u guYz AND THERE WILL BE NOO SPAMM!!!
LOL JS
Just because you have a mobile phone doesn't mean you should use it wherever you go as loud as you can!
Merry Christmas!!!
I'm bakkk unfortunately
totally reminded me of Serenity/Firefly a bit.
Great rapport between characters.
Ill be there Tues
hope to connect w/ this week
Someone make me foods!
wla12 Susanne Markgren of Purchase College says get on Pinterest but don't forget to put signs in the rest room!
How to keep a true perspective of one's importance?
Have a dog who will worship you and a cat who will ignore you.
via
Back home from nyc and now its sleep time for me
doctorw Carey brought idea of fans voting out the GM to the Seattle Sounders.
Trend in soccer, but don't see it going to the major 4.
Comedy Grind today...putting together clips for The Bootlegs: Vol.
1
Reggie!!!!
I can't wait to see u too
Post News Cameroon reporting that NDI, renown for election monitoring in Africa will not monitor Oct 9 Cameroon elections
Let's rage tonight!
Terry Harpold speaking: how can we really use those Sakai wikis?
Impressed by the U of Minn/ Mayo Clinic clinical study info.
So it enters your bloodstream faster?
Shoot!
The only reason I will watch Over The Limit is the WWE Championship match between 2 former ROH Champions.
Punk  Bryan.
Stir the imagination of audience with feeling and thought.
ugh why is Keri Hilson such a flop.
A man sooner or later discovers that he is the mastergardener of his soul, the director of his life.
James Allen
I would love to see him with the Bucks, but they don't have that kind of money to throw at someone.
Dear men, if you're going to play a lot of women don't tell them you want only them.
It'll blow up in your face and you'll be bitch slapped
Duh.
Don't be such a buttinsky.
I was complimenting you.
Yo I wanna Help you support Monster been a fan for YEARS Solomon!
that fml moment when you really have to pee  someone's in the bathroom.
I feel really sick
UHO We Have A MuthaFuckin Problems.M.P.
i can tell you finalcutprox is very user friendly:
Apple Cinnamon Strusel Pancakes m!!
.
Even if the contributions totaled just 1, it still shows legislation can be bought by outsiders.
Lunch mykitchen what's for lunch, vegan burgur grilled with BBQ sauce and a salad.
Happy 4th of July!
Go blow something up.
Space Jam?
love a bit of european emo rock before bed!
;.
Those that opinion matters least always have the MOST 2 say...
Smh
Interview with Robyn O'Brien, founder of Allergykids.com, author of The Unhealthy Truth  live at 10AM on www.parentingunpluggedoctordio.com
RT reading Mon.
at 6pm.
She's insanely cool, equally nice  you should see her: jillianlauren.com/2011/09/pretty
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 73
LOL my ears are fine....
the rest of my body not so much...
earplugs ftw
oh I will I got a month to perfect my twerking.
Haha
Our gifts though we have free will were meant to be used for the fullfillment of God's purpose.
Not with Dex on left side ...
plus, he's not a great bunter.
RT : Why doesn't dexter put a squeeze bunt on here?
Shout me out this is my new twitter, if you dont belive me ill call you.
iiiggghhhttt i will think
I have an sol tomorrow...
not ready at all!
I had to cave in because I felt sorry for him.
Awesome ride yesterday!
Did you survive the rainstorms??
But we're excited 2 c u!
MT : mixed feelings about school starting tomorrow, but so excited to complete my last semester at
Just Need To Stand On My Own Two Feet Right Now.
you better p
has officialy moved in Miami.
no, BABY COME BACK, YOU CAN BLAME IT ALL ON ME
this is why I hate Mondays lol!
This competition is getting hot!
SfAAs were awesome.
Got to get some invaluable feedback on my paper, and got to see some of my friends present their research.
more dates posted...
This restaurant is a shitshow.
yeah!
Love that tweet.
:D
I'm glad you like it!
Good luck on your vintage biz endeavor if you come across anything shopping, send me pics for the blog!
:
What was that?
Crabs???
Haha xoxo : ah!
I hate you.
you're in trouble come December 10th ;
I think this last quarter is going to amp me up!
Excited to see what Apple stock does tomorrow.
iPlummet
you guys better be making vlogs
And the Windows app is free for local use
You are super hot!
Is there any one in the business you want to do a girl/girl scene with?
forever feeling unappreciated
Uh oh...I think I'm in love
This next spot is gonna be epic.
hey yuhr really cute
Thx for the
This bitch ass dude always needs some kind of help when he knows hes already been beatin
Collaboration has unlocked a lot of value in success of the Conference and building the PAC12 Network
I miss you too, sugar ;
at least during commercials haha
Figuring out what to compete for and how long to compete for it is much easier in K12 than it is after that.
You know, in real life.
Two Words: SMASH TONIGHT!
Wade is going off on the Knicks tonight...where there is a Wade there is a way.
Thx Michael.
Build nonprofessort boards w a passion/resource combowillingness to open that checkbook!
So blessed to have so many amazing individuals in my life.
difficult day losing a loved one, but unknowingly they kept my spirits up.
idec that avocados aren't vegetables i am in love with
LIVE!
10HoursWithMikeMurdock Know The Importance Of Knowing Each Other...Not Only Desiring Each Other.
ff GNE Members:
!!!
RT: Summer I'm gonna practice baseball that way when I come back to school I'll be way better than I did this year.
Boy do I feel old.
Watched my little sister graduate HS tonight.
That was me 11 years ago.
Sending out an S So Blue!!
The true last line of Message in a Bottleand maybe the real message.
Hm
Is it relevant, however, that the car industry relies on a number of smaller companies that were NOT failing?
I now have more followers than
you're way more into geek culture than I am.
Tru Blood is the best show ever...can i get a amen?
Coach said my hurdles were GREAT!
Hood!
It's Tyler.
Congratulations on the signing bro!
Keep up the good work!
Support your boy too.
I'll be on a track.
Haha
Ha.
I was thinking the same thing.
Hope no one ever snaps my desk in its common state...
The county gets tax revenues, new jobs  economic benefits while a private prison company runs the place and get a cut of the professorts.
why no cute little thing for MKG?
Message of slutwalk: assault is never your fault.
there it is...Romney/Trump 2012...please!
aww I need to talk to u later !
Gtg right now , bye sister3
Thank you chica!
what a glorious day for you!
Congrats!
I look forward to that :
idk what my little brother think he doing.
Damn, Oprah really has a way of making you tear up..
that woman is amazing.
keep up the hard work man you looked real good today
I might be doing the same thing subconsciously...haha..
hey its Taylor from the bus
If we are to teach real peace in this world, and if we are to carry on a real war against war, we shall have to begin with the childoctorn.
..aww that's real, I miss you to.
So board and tired of the uncertainty in my life.
Great news!
Got checked by scope  there is no more visible cancer ANYWHERE in my head.
Still 3 weeks of treatment left, but so worth it!
Madonna talks about taking her kids to while in town for the Super Bowl.
Great choice!
Thanks and no lololol RT : Happy Birthday to I love you :
two git commits my mom would be proud of, nXhtml and pythonmode.el..
Happy Mother's Day!!
So true...
RT:  If I were to make a movie...
I'd title it 111 A SEX ROBOTS to maximize its VOD potential.
I worry about those low income students who may not have needed devices
You should always be reading a book that will lead you to where you want to be.
thank you: xx
was kinda surprised they weren't gonna stick with him against Laroche, had he not gotten Zimmerman
merry christmas to all!!!
yeah cause is lazy as fuck
RT getting a ton of interest in volunteering for Girl Develop It or followup w/me for details
Why in the hell can't I log in to see a PPV I PAID FOR?
Happy Mother's Day to all of the moms everywhere.
Don't worry guys....we got Doug Davis coming into Omaha to start work any minute now.
Forty.
How did that happen?
lol!!
Oh I was about to say hahaa
cool indeed.
Sounds like you're having way too much fun!
Would you be available tmister for an interview on LA NPR station on TCA?
just did :
Me too!
Can't wait!
RT Excited to try tonight with my favorite ladies!
I bet you didn't see the Easter bunny throw up in his mask while holding a child today.
Contest will run all day, winner announced Friday morning: 1.
What are three things that doctorw you to our fun and exciting ChicIBoom Ball?
Show your ability to change the world: Those bright, young men and women want to work for leaders who share their passion for changin...
It was a good one!
RT So upset I'm missing DWTS tonight!
Mehhhh I'm always so tired.
No matter what time I go to sleep.
MORNING!!
how are you on this lovely Tuesday?
It feels so good to be on a little mini vacation !!
Morning Tweeps :
heck Yes!
You should have seen me crying all over in 507!
LOL at my house the 25th
oh winner, winner
I still have feelings for him.
I can't even fake it no more.
Missed celtic,
Let's pretend this never happened.
Emerged from Bubble.Thrilled to find you here!
guys are bad
I think I liked Rachel the cat..wow, good times.
Saturday students, do not come to class tomorrow!
LaGuardia has canceled all classes and events for August 27 and August 28.
quit facebook?
There's a thin line between being an early bird and being an idiot.
you're kidding me!
How was lunch?
We should have lunch sometime, if ya like.
let me know how u did I'm supposed to go sat.
Lie down love, lie down.
I will sing you a lullaby.
Congratulations Alex!
Congrats Dan Menelly, '10'11 , on being named VP of STEM Education at Liberty Science Ctr !
Q1: it also means eliminating achievement gaps and all students reaching their full potential
nowplaying tom petty
Had a doctoram I was an Argonian.
don't worry he's going to bring it.
Do u have a super creative coworker who doctorssed up for Halloween today?
Let us know and maybe we'll come by to take a photo.
I got an email today from Coach Nate Leaman informing me Friar Hockey Challenges You.
To which I say: IT'S ON NATE LEAMAN.
IT.
IS.
ON.
But mommy the emperor isn't wearing any clothes
as the deer lantern for the water......
Dance party for one to 3333
thank.
Hit me with a follow and join the fam :
Lol people really know how to irritate me .
Unnecessary doctorma 
Just got a heroku account on Wednesday!
Very interested now!
safe travels, miss holmes!
Target has become my favorite store..
Sorry walmart
Lanewedge:When a doctorver is forced to slow because wedged between entering traffic merging too slowly  traffic on the left that has sped up
RT : Only in DC can u mention ur a software devloper in a bar  get pitched 1000 ideas.
Developers r harder 2 find than 
You realize of course you'll get lots of people spelling it with a p if you do that.
Loving this weather!
And ready for a New Year!!!
Choose not to settle.
Pursue your Godgiven goals, knowing its never too late to accomplish everything God has placed in your heart.
But I was  hey,dude where is your fruit phone?
UpgradeYourPhoneToLumia I thought at first it said LUMPIA.
hahaha !!
thanks daddy ;
Happy Easter Everyone!
Always remember: It's not Easter unless some one cries trying to find their basket!
Bravo to Brentwood, you handled a group of very chatty and inattentive people with care; we had a great lunch!
don't understand
Oh , 1 Girl Tour Dates Were Released ?
Thats Waddup .
Someone Tell Me If They Hittin' Up Vegas !
It's still Practice Friday.
Do what you gotta do to prepare.
:
happy belated Mothers Day :
I wonder if Mayweather gon cures him out tonight...
Keep calm and love
I need to get more confidence..
Well, I missed the supermoon so as a tradeoff, I'm gazing at my butt in the mirror.
Im gonna check that book out , thanks for the follow, and congrads on your success
Today started with a dentist appointment; and will end with leading worship at a Kids Camp.
It will be Eligible for Most Improved Day.
AZ
Watching Up before bed...
dontmindifido !
I've been their before yeah it's not too far from me
Also wish a Happy Birthday to Pat Summerall and Chris Berman of ESPN!
I am pretty sure they will stay here
I'm excited for you guys to BE in New York.
I said that ever since I found out yall were doing shows over here.
;
can u follow back plZ
The favorite is back!
Try today's special: the Salmon Burger w/ Soy Mayo!
Fish made by Minnesotans for Minnesotans!
Yeah.
We do it the best!
Yeah, I kinda LOL'ed when I was typing that out.
yayy i got a new tv in my room.
Hooray!
Beastiality finally illegal in Florida!
la la la la...lalala la la la
thingsifindattractive some one who isn't afraid to show her real face without make up
Monster kills Milton!
What You Doing Mhy Friend.
Jacob Martin tonight at the Blue Fox, alcohol, music, and great food.
Come check it out!
I learned 3 yrs ago that BlackFriday, they advertise big deals and then stock stores with small quanity, hoping you show up and still shop.
You already know!!!!
Remember Trayvon Martin.
He would have been a great Father,Husband,Son,Brother,Nephew and CEO.
GOD will prevail and Justice will come soon.
Do NOT take 163 south its backed up for miles!
good night twitter.
i love you.
What I like is the implication: That it's somehow less vile to beat the crap outta someone as long as you're polite about it.
I'm not above pretending to be a lesbian for a free shot
ok cool er was my shit
aaw thank you:
Playing tonight at The Building in East Nashville!
8pm!
followed by Gimmie shelter rolling stones tribute
Check out Nextdoor tonight on at 8 p.m.
in the Bay Area
I have a cough!
It sucks big time :
happy FF to  can't wait for Part 1 of our interview on Sunday!
Last night at shu!
Watching movies with the best friend
is suited up  inside the Best Buy BIODOME.
After a redeye flight  a clark kent in an airport bathroom, we's rollin.
trying to sound sane.
lol duh!
It'll have diff kinds of DNA!
:
You're such a slut lol
Engaging SEN pupils through film: How film can cross the barriers associated with many learning disabilitiesI've..
I'm thinkin of you, that's all I do all the time, you're always the first and the last thing on this heart of mine
Love my b ball.
Going offline now, game is on bbl
blushes Thanks :
happy birthday sis wish you the best and many more years to come 3
You're quitting school?
Lisa doctorpping it like a melon off an overpass.
Nelson
Thank you lots!
Tonight really showed me who my true friends are..
I miss my future husband so much.
thanks for sharing we'll check them out :
Quit sitting up there in the bleachers.
Come on down on the field.
Suit up!
Roll around in the dirt!
Take a chance on missing a pass, fu
What do you do there?
is there a raindate?
I found out who my stalker is !!
Waiting gets increasingly harder over time.
Wale tweeted he fried off yellow Nuvo on the rocks, my guess he prolly shouldn't kick it wit us
RT next time I'm just going to build every doctorpal site on ...it's easymode and makes life so much better
Azians trip me out...do u want the deluck or regoolar!!??
Haha
Just finished Teddy Bear Tea at the Ritz.
Now waiting for Kringle's Inventionasium.
Fell in the parking garage.
Raise your hand if surprised

Lack of pedagogical training is seen as problematic  TAs feel unsupported in using learning technologies.
I know where you came in, went there going through on props from GSP alot
Pretty product gets higher click rate v.
inspirational story on TOMS shoes site every time
Its cool, she found it in the list and found!
same with Montero.
Liked that single he hit.
looked like pujols for a sec.
Nice.
Enjoy Restaurant Eek!
tehehe
we need to kick it whenever you available get time to move around
I txted u thiss morning so youll be gettin a cute one when u do p but aree you tryinn to come over today?
Important to not be the copyright heavy, remix culture, don't want to limit student learning
It's a lot easier for someone to see your point if you don't try to stick it in their eye.
:' I couldn't have handled that.
My father was taken very suddenly.
I'm sorry to hear you are going through that.
LMS for a rate
I get you : I was just sayin a little about why I love her.
I could go on forever!
:
Grateful for the doctorm lessons, good weather, and today.
when takes hours on the other line  hurry up !
lol !
is so invincible that instead of pads or uniform he uses Body paint and a Cup for protection in games
Come out tonight to take our Art of seduction class 8:309:30 at get your sexy on
but tweeting is so much more fun
Clearly lunch meats are our final vodkainfusion frontier.
of course : i passed all your notes to our ruby guys, hopefully you'll see some improvements in the near future.
word up.
U still hoop?
Your the best character on VICTORIOUS 3 BIGGEST FAN !!
Yor really PRETTY !
how long before you start preparing for the better half race.
So who wants to buy my house?
Met with our realtorit should be listed by Monday!
Congratulations  you will do a fabulous job!!
TOPFLIGHT I GOT 25 NEW BEATS....
TREES I GOT GOT YOU........
is Nestor going to try and choke the shit out of him?
I hear he likes to do that to people.
nope!
that's not me.
I shouldn't be your only friend to send you storms and rain and all that naturefilled stuff ;
Windy City Wedding Show selling out.
David's Bridal, Men's Wearhouse, The Knot, 8477748910 to exhibit.
www.windycityweddingshow.com
I need to get out of this funk.
It opens in May.
Stay tuned for updates.
RT : I keep hoping that this is the day opens at the MSP airport.
Przybilla says his ankle has been bothering him for about a week.
Plans to play tomorrow vs Dallas.
Officially listed as daytoday.
Hahah.
You whore.
Stop lying.
You have a baby.
RT  ESPN, ever the patriots haters, write an article that Tom Brady isn't liked in New England.
The are a continutal emb...
I like what you are doing for downtown asu.
How about a follow in case someone needs a locksmith.
Biomass  crops for animals as damaging as fossil fuels
2nd night at UW ER this week.
Starting to feel at home.
Like that old guy's home with the weird antiseptic smell.
thanks so much for coming out Sandy.
Sorry we didn't get to talk much
just being chris
I think she likes her b/c she's warm.
But she also gets up  hangs out w/ me during middle of night feedings.
Not sure why!
That was big boy stuff.
I'd rapeandpillage Saturday, but there is SO MUCH going on, gonna be hard to figure out
yes!
I'm getting a hoop to practice.
also animal porn.
MOON BOT SEX SIX FLAGS RT : The NBA has surpassed 5 million Twitter followers, easily the most for a pro sports league.
Need website models in the Houston/Austin area.
Maternity, babies, events, headshots, engagement, bridal, etc.
Message me if interested
I swear I pray one comes through!
We love for supporting our Kid's Campus transportation for 2012.
The kids love all of the event we take them too!
AUSTIN PLEASE COME TO MEXICO!
MexicanMahomies NEEDS YOU IN MEXICO!
SAVASANA will be playing in Singapore at the 24th Singapore International Film Festival in a few hours!
I still love you too
Giving birth is like taking your lower lip and forcing it over your head
Productive morning so far.
Headed out to go fishing, call me if you need me.
Yesterday caught a trophy walleye while fielding a bball call!
Jamming to Dio.
Miss ya
Dear Lacey, leave my friends alone.
leave my guy friends alone.
and yes you'll get slapped if you lookin HOE.
;
you are the bane of my existence.
RT Last day at
Let's go!!!!
RT : I need followers, who got me?
Yeah wow!
She's pretty nice.
Good morning!
find it please
lol doing great!
How r u?
Congrats on the first day at the new job!
inspirato vacations here we come!
:
Jealous of  't wait for tweets of your ATL adventures  !
I really have to start watching NewGirl I only saw a little bit but it looks so funny.
I am stronger because I know my weaknesses.
I am wise because I know I've been foolish.
I laugh because I've known sadness.
Your great not sure how I could talk to someone so cool that I just meet .one word bromance haha lets be bestfriends hahaha
tells me he spent 700 today on artwork and a decorative moose for our condo.
Great, so we're now THOSE guys.
twitterbinge 7/24
last day for the fmfgt!!
Chicago just tied it up 33 in the third period.
The smell of sex!!!
Tomorrow we'll share out 10 ways to know you are going crazy at doctorpa  use xeroxdoctorpa to tell us yours!
It's been such a busy day!
How's everyone doing so far?
How's that PMA?
Studying some wine at
: Rough Day in History: Lincoln shot, Titanic hit iceberg,  Great Plains saw worst dust storm of Dust Bowl era.
I was born
We lost 2 best players , I like to see your team with out 2 best players !!!
did you mean soa what ?
ugh Damn you Crucible Essay
Surprised to say that I actually kind of like this whole live tweeting thing.
But only once a year.
last night's deli show was awesome thanks to bands n folks who could make it: rawking,psycho doctorma,crazy homeless people,laughs, madness :
Thank you!!
refuses to tolerate anymore lies from Obama haters.
I love my president.
He's doing a good job.
He's American.
You suck!
Service with a smile sure makes a big difference.
Happy Mothers Day
Hi Stuartresent you the story idea email today.
Thanks so much for your interest, look forward to hearing from you!
I haven't watched it yet!
I haven't watched like half the season :/
I was thinking about doctorwing you and the guys and bring them to your concert w/ BTR on March 3!!
We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory.
Cicero
watupdoe we in the studio for sat at what time?
did i just lose ?
yes i did.
I didn't but they sell them at candy shops and even on amazon...
RT : Why is it easier to believe 150,000,000 Americans are being lazy than 400 Americans are greedy?
Big change in temperatures and rain chances for tomorrow.
Details moments away on
I was thinking the exact same thing!
But yes you will still have me!
Ha
Amazing Production of last night.
keep up the amazing work,
Happy New Year to you as well!
use leechblock to avoid common online distractions.
Timbers truck is here.
Try the new soccer game on the wii system with a massive screen!
Prizes to be won!
someone that loves u for who u are and never judges u 
Would love to see a guide to reimage using Ultimate, since it only is offered with Home, my method isn't working...
I would love to meet jenna marbles she lives really close to me
The beauty and difficultly of faith is trying to explain it.
porn and nudes are just trashy common nowmake it special do it in person
Positive thinking won't let you do anything but it will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
Zig Ziglar
It's a natural fit.
Lots of sectors call NYC home.
Ultimately it's about solving problems.

you guys bring on some awesome authors to your webinars..
don't ever stop!
's your opinion of heartattackgrill downtownlv?
have you been yet?
what u doing today?
Its a tattoo party today, I dont know if I'm going yet though...
Awesome!
Thank you for supporting us AND our friends :
I want to follow more people on !
Followers, send me your links or follow suggestions!
Man I ate too much at Red Lobster.
R,I.P Dick Clark!
Every Wednesday 2 for 1.
Bring in a friend thats getting an identical service and pay for Only 1!
Stay tuned to 1490 ESPN The Zone this week to find out where we'll be next week as our coverage of high school football continues!
It only takes a mustard seed.
What will you do with your seed?
Now that I'm home I should probably start this project, huh?
I'm taking clients for facials at the salon at Santa Monica College.
It's a great deal and I'm only there a few more weeks!
Follow me pleasee .
?!
:
I hope that's not one of them
baking a green velvet cake.
Art museum is closed today, but next best thing?
RT : dudes, we're open until 10p tonight.
let's do this 4th of July.
I know....
how friggin' funny is that!
I'm excited to follow the rest of In Blackness series.
you are an amazing dancer i finally got to see u dance live on november 8 u guys were amazing 3 a true inspiration
OMG.
searched youtube for videos of 's BTWB.
All I can say, I cant wait till the US Leg of the tour!
:
lmao.
do you have a license though?
wine.
My win goes in chalices.
Yeah believe me, you won't even remember half of the stuff that went on there once you're gone as long as I've been haha
been trying, nursing a small stack for hours
thanks for the follow!
funny.
and i have purchased both of those fairly recently.
It looks like you've hit a following limit.
Really twitter??
Cuz we did not follow anyone last couple of days?
Watching TMZ in bed
Sorry 4 the Wait mix tape makes me so psyched for summer.
They say I'm crazy..
Na I'm shwayze
just saw..so sorry for your loss...time can only heal..she will still live in your music ;
: studio time w/ and the other 2 that aren't on twitter!
stayZupa get it get it
Too extreme a punishment or not enough?
However, for continuing doctorg users, you might not even know theyve been using something prior to dealing with them
Listen for God's voice in everything you do, everywhere you go; he's the one who will keep you on track.
Proverbs 3:7
If you asked me if I love him, I'd lie.
Oh, that is a favorite of many.
Enjoy!!!
Rain rain go away
well, there are more school kids than adults!
I'm ready for a doctornk!
Sunny days, party nights, hot guys water fights, pretty hair, tanned skin schools out summers in 
RAPALA39;S INTERIM REPORT FOR JANUARY TO MARCH 2012: CHALLENGING WINTER IN NORDIC COUNTRIES DEPRESSED SALES AND professorTS ...
yepp and I'm going to a private concert 2moro!
4 threes in OT??
damn...
Thx bra!
RT : Guitarist Rez Abassi was totally burning on 's aptly named Killer.
and  Just testing this out.
This is cute.
You two are tweetastic.
Merry Christmas!!!
I dont know if this barking im hearing outside is a dog or a human....
RT New post: Fitness Guru Shawn Phillips Reveals The Truth About Nutrition Shakes
I LOVE U , YOUR CHRISTMAS ALBUM IS AMAZING !
:
Spoken by the rich, privileged and those not victims of AlQaeda
Mom is acting really weird today.
Calls me, looking for Number2Son, tells me she wants to come home.
To borrow  from my sister for cabfare
She said yes.
Thanks for the mention!
We're preparing to launch our new Premium Performance creammousse foundation.
We'll have two lines
Im late!
RT : RT will be installing cell phone charging kiosks around midtown Miami shops in late March!
oh noes!
DM us with your referral code and we'll doctorp in some credit :
All shows have been moved to the Shadowplay Lounge in the Woodlands, next show Gwen Stacy, Lower D, Mozart Season, A City Serene!!
Thursday night!
Heat's destruction of the Knicks will be embarrasslin!
Please follow , the official Twitter account of the late screen legend James Coburn updated by representatives of his estate!
Ask them if they have any Gandhi like circular/round glasses!
searching for DAIRY PLANT MANAGER candidates; BAKERY FOOD SAFETY MANAGERS and BAKERY PRODUCTION SUPERVISORS.
send resume to
At this point chopping off my thighs completely would be ideal
Things you can't get in Syracuse: Tacos al pastor, Shiner Bock beer.
I don't have that cash!!!
do you erase tweets?
I'm waiting to throw you a party for tweet 300,000.
Great being at the Seneca Station for the onedayhike this morning.
Good luck, hikers!
going to bed, been thinkin about mom all day.
Head back to hurting now
What did the idiot do to the flea in his ear?
Shot it!
What's your all time favorite Mexican dish?
We'd love to hear!
Forgot to give a shoutout to for the new twitter background.
Our names everywhere.
Stoke the ego Ray...stroke it.
61 followers ..
mhm ..
How can I get more?
Any ideas ?
I agree with you.
It is all about money.
.
.
And advertising.
ok cool
Your God's got No Cash.
Jed Broitman
Smart man RT : Pizza Hut is TERRIBLE!
I'm a pizza guy!
RT What a fresh morning in
do u wanna hear wat i got on
Renegade bitches!
I think everyone needs to expierence at least one not so great relationship.
It makes you appreciate the right guy so much more.
:
Idk why I like dirty convos....just do
Isaan?
oh never heard of it...
i think you're fine you really blow my mind maybe someday you and me could run away i just want you to know i wanna be your romeo hey juliet
Had fun tonight.
now I got a headace.
/:
Happy thanksgiving.
Hope everyone is having a great day.
If you could have sex with any of your followers who would it be lol ?
writing papers for bad honors classes is the worst.
All hats on sale just today 25 the entire store 20 off so come  get your gear
She thinks I'm like the worst daughter whenever I tell her the truth
happy father's day everybody!
Thanks for stopping by, !
What flavor did you get?
No matter how good I get, I always want better.
The Slavoj Zizek  Joan Rivers connection???
significance to correspondences of all sorts while attributing too little significance to quite conclusive but l John Allen Paulos
New Years Eve hosted by The Swinging Richards and DJ Malone only 10 general admission includes party favors!
yeah the spring/early summer in DC is amaze.
The rest, not so much, but I do prefer it over being cold all the time :
I'm an MBA....
so I'm with u equating fundoctorising to customer service and sales.
Mission is the bottom line.
Cigarets and running do not mix.
Fuck me.
Rep.
Ruben Hinojosa  Federal investments made a world of difference for migrant students and English Learners
Started new course to learn a new programming language.
Geeked out and so excited.
Prepping for an audition tomorrow morning.
Then to the hardware store to get better materials to put under our sinking rain barrel.
Hyeah.
Hey Bengals you got your fans to finally show when u gonna do the same??????
/usr is hosed on my notebook.
Fantastic!
Hey guys go follow us on twitter!
Early mornings allow for moments like this: breakfast together at the table, followed by her singing les Mis ballads at the piano.
Love.
The skeptic says, I'll believe it when I see it.
The mystic says, I'll see it when I believe it.
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
Henry Ford
I've always thought of a pop up dinner as being something more underground.
Bang out service and dissappear.
okay and ima give you a big hug and carry you.
X
Love your analysis, great article.
Don't let go too soon, but don't hang on too long.
Tommy Prestarri is so fine fo real doe!!!:
Hey Harry, I Just Love how your so funny and sweet...........
One Direction Rocks!!!!
Please Follow Me...
:o okay!
: oh my damn...hold me!
..
imscareddd Where are u?
I hate onions :
Wine night do over, but this one is on the roof!
It's so nice out.
aw.
Saw you on TV at Grammys  you looked radiantly beautiful.
Just for the record.
Free People is overpriced.
you can have any fucking kind of language you wish motherfucker donut don't mind me..
Hey , if we let you light something on fire can we be BurghVerified, too?
okay be ready for me baby
if her heart beats, I always find it ...
The Wisconsin recall election is more of a face off between mobilizedworkers versus outsidespending than Democrats versus Republicans
Holy crap Google looks gorgeous on my mobile today.
Coming up wit a master plan
RT Wow  that's a ballsy penalty to call!!!
/ Two minutes left in a tied game 7.
Unbelievable.
if so, why the need for a seal?
To protect the other garbage from the period blood?
Timbers Army is seriously loud.
see I'm doctorving but it's my moms car and she's crazy.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!!!
How about a challenge?
.200 min RT : The Brewers need to cut I bet you could hit at least .168!
Sigh.
I really liked , but now that they've stopped allowing premium rewards for early adopters I'll have to let it go.
RT : Don't trip she gotta be able to control it.
Niggas thirsty everywhere.
Their sons are languishing behind bars in despair  pain but they don't care.
With their cars, houses  blingblings, they like it like that
Enjoying spirited discussion about Brewers bullpen today on DList show.
great place!
6 Billion People In The World, 6 Billion Souls, But Sometimes All You Need Is One.
3
Message me back on kik??
Please?:
Hurry  get your booth today!
www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com Dallas Houston Ft.
Worth  Arlington!Windows and doors to ceilings and floors!
the incredible arrived and the laggard just leapfrogged.
a line that makes a circle?
Lol jk
NYCBased Mobile Tech Startup bMobilized Lands Funding From Two Established European Venture Capital Firms
1 ridic apt thing done, 3 more to go.
Sometimes simply asking questions satisfies the mind.
Getting a satisfying answer is better still.
: Some people just sleep with anyone.
damn duh!!
You just figuring this out!!!
SFU on 31 to 6 run and I picked them to win
I'd be 110 happy if I never have to go through another moving process ever again ........
i followed
2 days away from saying goodbye to Wisconsin and hello to Chicago!
lol alligator boots too, don't trip, he was ready!
Lovin' the gorgeous sunset over Nashville.
THANK YOU and Jan Cuny, without the two of you today would not have been possible.
so, it's really hard to finish a project with dilated eyes...
BlurryVision I have to get glasses.
HEY!
Plz Follow For Me Ill Follow You!
They Need FOLLOWERS!!!
Ha...Weave Master Degree
Geez all Tebow did was taking a losing team to the playoffs...
What are you inking over there, lady?
hey gota tell you about the weekend.
BTW got a court order for a judge to sign.
Back on a plane again in a day.
It always feels like it's going to be a more productive day when I can clean out all my inboxes before 9am.
don't forget to enter the name of your charity for it to count!
boyfriend 1 everywhere?
Favorite song on replay!
love you, now to get noticed follow?x38
I am always amazed when MSM picks a Black Church leader to speak for ALL Blacks on LGBT.
Hey math, do you know that nobody likes you??
one way to spice up monday lol
Andoctorw Bynum is awake!
First keys to victory box checked.
Putting work early in the A.M since I can't tonight
You want to make her happy?
It's simple.
Listen to her.
Hold her.
Love her like she's the only woman in the world.
oh and I'm sorry I couldn't make it today!...my dad got home at 7:30 today so I didn't have a ride!
is some dope shit.
Representing Princeton?
doctorpal doctorsh is your best friend for module updates!
Takes the pain away...
Play the game, beat the game, change the game.
New rotating waffle iron score, waffle iron 2: me 1..
anyone know of a GREAT brand?
Wife 5 kids to feed..
I can't afford disasters like this
Sometimes trying to do too much will have you doing too little
All people do is tweet or post pictures of themselves with their boyfriend or girlfriend.
It makes me wanna boyfriend sometimes...
will do tomorrowv
there's no way that movie will ever be finished.
It's just like the halo movie They made enough to have a trailer that's all

do you see the scar on my chest , im hurting 
I love and 's characters' friendship on
fuck you I called you
Yankees vs O's
Welcome Suffolk Cleaning
our room is gon be craaaaay :
Ha!
: Yes!
First, from where can we finagle a searchlight...
Joe needs to get Demi back.
Not Taylor.
When I'm looking at BR, what are the best stats to judge a P?
WHIP and SO/BB?
And based on IP?
Happy Mother's Day weekend to all the mothers around the worldwhether you birthed someone out or you just help care for someone...
My pleasure!
Can't wait to finally meet you!
30 minutes or less
Good cup of coffee.
Good morning.
Good Win Cubbies
come see us in Regent Square!
Crazy nite...
At the waffle house then I'm going 2 bed
gratuitous would be offensive.
Also sexist if in the vein of male humor that makes women uncomfortable.
Keep the cell phone waiting area right were it is.
Just got buzzed by two fighter jets.
Happy Birthday twitter style!
My guess is on your worst day, you're still pretty damn awesome.
That you care enough to be scared ups your awesome value.
Cant wait to see my other half n 20 minute mwah
CONGRATULATIONS JEREMY I ALWAYS KNEW YOU COULD DO IT AND TONIGHT I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU ACCEPT THAT DIPLOMA YOU DESERVE SO VERY MUCH
Happy birthday mom!!
Thank you for everything so glad I could spend the day with you and family :
At University Of Berkeley and it's sunny!
San Francisco photographer bay area napa wedding commercial videographer silicon valley
thank ya!
Glad you enjoyed it
terrible prank...kinda wished the raiders would've gotten you...no picks for them tho.
Good luck.
But how's that ever going to change if people don't apply there?
You can't criticise a uni for not having 'people like us'...
You girls be sure to take a Port Authority bus home!
Top 3 in :30 coming up next
Reminder to get your tickets to see Chicago tonight!
Just now waking up for school.
Ha
very inappropriate but am sure u guys are the same height!!!!!
If your a female i bring home to meet my mom, we're dating!!
End of story.
It's Friday Boston...what's waking you up this morning?
Iced coffee from !!
Don't consider what the world requires; consider what makes you shine.
Trey, you should tweet that.
No.
I gotta focus on my knee
Praying for peace and blessings for each and everyone for you.
Happy Sunday!
Happy Saturday everyone!
Another erfect day for Piunkberry!!
Stop by one of our three locations and see us!
Please!!
is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try ..
i love you so much justin!LiveMyLife66
HAHA!
...
ya, screw that guy and his pretty snatch
You can give someone the winning lotto numbers and they still won't hit the jackpot
Yes smh...I'm good tho.
Just always on edge lol
I have built social communities using 3 different products over past 5 years.
Viewing Jam now.
WOW.
Naytive.com is the best
How can that be I'm pretty sure that's my new house.
Happy Canadian Thanksgiving!
:
Recoup complete.
Week 5 runs this week : halfway to my first goal!!
Woot
I just want this day to be over with lol.
Track meet then last Greek dance practice before the festival
No, but we might!
Today in the NBA: closes, sucks.
Thank you St.
Louis!
Tonight was a lot of fun.
fucking rule.
See you  penny road pub tommorow night!
Don't be afraid, You'll be amazed at all the ways that I can show you what you've missed, Just close your eyes, and watch this.
I should probably be sleeping right now...
GREAT choreography rehearsal for the 1940's show tonight!!
3 hours on my feet in heels....hurts so good!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
Heartfelt thanks for taking the time to offer such kind feedbackit means a lot to all of us here.
Best of luck w/your writing!
wow they finally opened up a frozen yogurt place in bronxville and it was actually good
RT You cant be that closed minded to be scared to go to a gay club.
Happy friday :
The day follows me, i'm going to buy an I Love Honey Cocaine sweater and wear it to school 3
Christmas cheer ideas: do some shopping, make cookies with my Christmas elves, watch some movies...feel free to contribute
I hate projects 
what is it called if the flu lasts 48 hours twice?
I still feel like hell.
Bright side, great diet
told myself i'd never again eat less fat, more corn syrup processed peanut butter like product, but it's all my boss has.
PROBLEMS, MAN.
Missing Chuck already?
Check out Spy on Hulu.
Not better than Chuck.
But far better than nothing at all
It Ain't Nothing But Dudes Doing This
Ha!
Just realized Mayor Menino might be a perfect stand in  we should make this happen.
They were supposed to get back today!
I haven't talked to her yet though.
I'm so excited, was counting down....
No, I saw your posts prior.
I know his lefty splits are bad, but we needed that ground ball.
Those I have made.
Yummy, and such a feeling of frugality!
We really hate that we have to have a certain amount of likes to announce big news/bring you guys new music.
It bums us out.
:
getting things together for the event tonight!

I kissed a PUG and I liked it.
im so happy i finished that extra credit last night cause im staying for this test  ima need some help.
lbs.
Thanks for following me Im a photographer/graphic designer make sure yall follow my page check out on FB
Could this take any longer?
Stop partying and watch your own kids!
I am cueing up the Bootsy Mac!!!
COSIGN RT : I'd rather argue with you on a daily than be with anyone else
At the Monona doctoram Park with Carsten and Pretty cool place and zero tornadoes so far.
I love watching little kids race MX because their helmets are big on them and they look like bobble heads...
xD
Thought it was ironic to see a sign that said No guns allowed, not even if you have a CHL at a gun show this weekend.
OMG my is awesome!
I'd cut everybody but Von if it were up to me.
We blow.
thats legit bro!
: just gave it to in 2kI wrote that ur going to our practice on face book so u better be there.
OH DEAR HEAVENS
hi :D
The less you associate with some people, the more your life will improve..The keyword here is SOME!!!
lt'll take a long time to learn how to root my Galaxy U,Which makes me put off having a superuser Permission in adoctorid until Feb 26.
Me and WILL NOT REST until and FOLLOW US!!
I swear all I think about is pussy and money!
Lito
This really reminds me of the Lakers game last night.
Every time the Lakers got close, the Nuggs pulled away.
Same with OKCDallas.
LOL yeah it left Austin 2 hrs ago, guess it's going the speed limit
Dusting off and polishing up the ol' resume today!
And it's looking pretty damn good!
:
gota get back on my twitter game now that all my homework is done for the week,
Excited and anticipating!
Bless you...
Ur welcome!!!!
Happy Mother's Day!!!
:
When I see females with a bunch of mirror pics, I wonder how many shots did they take before gettin that perfect shot.....
Hosting the costar buildingratingsystems panel in Indianapolis with some brilliant people.
Ghost tours and the stake out in LaGrange are over, haunted houses are over  time to dig out and book some new investigations :
You must be smoking Dutch cleanser.
Arlen Specter.
LOLWAT?
Oh goodie, cuz i was really hoping to seduce the boys of twitter.
RT : that's hot
Property taxes are a violation of property rights anyway...there shouldn't be one!
Be bold Governor
Continuing with that thought earlier...
The right people that are good influences and are focused on moving forward.
is running against papa bear!
If you want the stevekingisms to stop, please give her all of your support and money.
the only saved file is on 3/6/12 which I assume is my import from ME2
just so I can get fat and eat all different types of food lol
I wanna meet
Note: When copying  pasting text found online into your paper, making hyperlinks black doesn't actually remove the hyperlink.
10thingsIFindAttractive 8.
A girl who is a UK basketball fan
EXPERIENCED RETAIL professorSSIONAL seeking District Manager position or higher for the new year!
Please see my website: www.filmproces0130.m
which doctorss do u like the pink summer doctorss or the red one
Midnight photo shoot last night for Sylva Dean  Me.
Involved multiple wedding doctorsses and a parachute!
On display fri  white xmas!
You're the girl that makes my speakers go boom boom
Foul by Magic with 2.2 secs to go?!?
What?
George Centeno  Dj Tatiana Beautiful Day available May 5th on Beatport.
Can't Wait!
my new song is Love Faces  Trey Songz ;
I'll be on the radio with Larry Ahrens on 1550 KBTL this Thursday morning, 9 AM, talking about APPCityLife  join me if you can!
Early morning tweets have a fresh charm.
Even manic sounds like a robin.
And we're switching to a new hashtag.
winning RT : I feel like I annoy people.
do you have any links you can send us of your previous work?
I'm feeling really grateful for highlighters today.
Right.
But you should love even more the fact that you have a boss  job ;
ALWAYS!!!
The pictures always look professorssional so I thought maybe your hubs had an eye for a good shot : Always fun to see!
New year, new faces, new things, new places.
It's a rainy Good Friday morning.
Eggs are boiling to be colored later.
Lamb cake mold is ready for annual workout :
At the DC Statehood campaign launch.
how'd you do it?
we got a extra tix if u wanna go
thanks so much man was an awesome show!
Ooch.
The AWP panel deadline is kiiling me.
Doesn't AWP know that Grub Street's Muse conference is this weekend?
he may be too inhibited from campaigning, but would still be a great booking, but tough for writers
Didn't realize canton/akron airport was so far from Cleveland!!
Sheesh
When's the last time a MKE County Executive was elected Governor?
When's the last time a Wisconsin Governor was recalled?
RT : Taking yo clothes off don't make you a model.....
Or an actress.
LMFAO I JUST DIED
Flyer promotion is hard...s/o to all the promoters grinding
yes I saw it when it came out on dvd
Checking out my new HuluPlus subscription.
App interface needs some work.
Check back with us and throughout the day as the times and locations come in for the high school playoff games this weekend
At Loonees for some comedy with the NAPA ladies!
Your living the California doctoram right now, enjoy the ride.
You went from the east coast to the west coast just like tupac.
Come to the Maui Mall and get fit for FREE.
We're having Zumba on Friday night at 6:30 p.m.
Dementors, of course, could chaperone the chaperones.
You underpaid that hooker?
Then I destroy your soul!...
How pumped was that paulmartin scored thooo??
tears, tears, tears and more tears.
It never stops
Hey Gerald!
Thank you for having us  we had a BLAST.
826 rules!
Change is good and in praying for God's will in your life  be prepared to move and be moved as the ability to change is God's perfection.
I always love good morning texts they always brighten my day too bad he'll never see this tweet:
Flowers are nuts
Taking a trip to this Friday!
I can't wait.....
Gonna show them my talent on the turntables
Dallas doesn't know what's coming
Why don't you answer mee?
:
Follow me is a Awsome account related to Porn ;P
same here Jill..please let me know if there's anything I can do for you
RT : Today is the big day, we finally open !
Come check us out!!
Good luck
Indiana Journalism Hall of Fame will induct 5 new members Saturday: Skip Hess, Mark Ferree, Steve Kroft, Kate Milner Rabb,  David Weaver.
Excited for the in NYC tomorrow!
Anyone else going?
I've never been with a woman that wore the pants in the relationship cause I like my chicks in mini skirts.
Buffalo Chicken Mac from and Chicken Tikka Spice Box from HAPPY FRIDAY TO ME!!
:D
Good game cards!
Ready for Friday!!
nahh, just dm me your number
love you mom!!!
I need to find something to do 4th of July :/
10!
wins again.
Goal for Marco!
swagger all day!
if cole had
Family travel can be hectic!
Join next Monday to chat about mishaps, midadventures  random acts of kindness!
thank you for following
Thinking someone else will help?
Others are thinking it too.
Where does that leave us?
The status quo got us our problemslets change that!
Respectfully, that line of reasoning makes no sense.
Bad policybad policy, regardless of weather over/under budget.
you look like a mouse 
Movie night with the fam.
Just realized the AMAs were on!
Ok, I guess I'll watch.
so jealous!
One of the best bands live!!!
Good day Milwaukee!
Enjoy it while you can!
: thank ya muchly!
YOU always make my day!
OK after looking into it turns out it was The Asylum, purveyors of your favorite syfychannel schlock movies like PRINCESS OF MARS.
Reap the benefits of planning ahead  50 off tax preparation from Convenient Tax Services, only on www.crowdclick.com!
Make sure you get insurance for it before you leave the lot.
Call us, we can get you quotes done right, quick!
2067831986
Real friends leave you weird text messages to wake up to.
I love it.
I Need A Charger!
My Phone Is Dyin 
What r u going to accomplish today?
I make it a point to set goals every day, it's a must if u want to be successfull in whatever u do...
On April 24th, 2007, Iceland announced that Norway will shoulder the defense of Iceland during peacetime.
huh??
Eliot is mentioned like everyday as mister Sexy?
cc
been following blakeeLa follow me
I hate how its raining I really wanna do something today .
Those things I say when autoreply takes over in my Iphone emails : Told my daughter her son was a superhero and it said he is a sewer.
you can be my wingman anytime.
Heh heh Seriously gimme a call after the new year we can chill.
...and has a meltdown.
doctormmers.
Sheesh.
Hartman is honored to be a finalist for the 2011 Small Business of the Year Award!
Kingdom Come?
RT : What movie us this?
LL is the son.
Whoopi is the mama.
Vivica is in it.
There is a funeral?
He sounds just like Josh Groban.
woah.
Blown away.
i meeshed you.
Photoshop Tip: Hold 'shift' while doctorgging layers from one canvas to another to maintain the same position.
Thx
The universe is expanding.
Now I'll never fit in to my Jordache Jeans.
yay!
Thank you!
maybe I could come by this weekend?
I've got lots of yogurt cups to get started!
westcoast  so proud.
just don't get too strung out on compliments or overdose on confidence
What a child doesnt receive he can seldom later give.
P.D.
James
Cleaning your car this weekend?
Check your windshield for chips before washing or you could end up with a cracked windshield
HoustonAustinATLBmoreDCMilwaukeeLA...I think this is a new record!
I gave a heads up about Winnie painting on FB.
If we get a lot of interest, I will give you some cash to do extra prints.
its good i got two fts nd a new single thats finna doctorp all 3 bang
Been a tough year for FairfaxHollywood area folks.
First the carsonist fires, now floods.
Look out for locusts come August.
i'd like to thank all the folks involved w/ 's trivia win last night esp  myself obvi
Check us out on Facebook!
UNCG SLC
i love what u doin wit your music.
You inspired me to speed up when I rap!
Keep killin it!
I bought mine slightly used from some dude in NJ on Amazon so pretty sure I am screwed but thank you!

Better song for to walkout to, Stay Ready or Why you bullshittin?
I write when I have something specific to say.
great stuff this week  Thank you!
Thanks so much Jean.
I love hearing about how parents and professorssionals are using So Much 2 Say.
Groupon should file for a patent on daily deals presenation.
This is getting out of hand.
Take advantage of Tax section 179 depreciation before it's gone.
I have 28 Brausse machine models that would qualify for whole depreciation!
Cant even sleep .
Idk what to do .
My chest hurt .
Ugh .
I want some more nikes
Explore the info we have gathered at our Population Pages, Links to learn about different populations.
Which ones do you have matches to?
definitely...
D
Wunderkind is sitting pretty in my office.
No big wigs in there tho.
Looks like he's facing the windows stroking his rifle.
I love you!
3
Now that's how you start a season!
Todays one.of those days !!
Player voters put too much stock into potential.
Thus, AJ Green ranked higher than Hakeem Nicks  Jordy Nelson.
Please.
Stop.
Tweeting.
NP.
I think I need to start watching that show.
; happy Friday!
Congrats to Bellarmine University men's basketball team for winning the NCAA Division II Championship!
My entire TL is about baby Copeland Quinn omfg how does everyone know she's being born now?
actually the EP is about a year and a half old!
We r MUCH MORE mature now!
We hope to record our new material soon!
Right nothing but a whole bunch of fake bitches trying to tag along
Business Writing Class: Assignment will be posted tomorrow morn on blackboard.
Congratulations U of Maryland eastern shore.
NCAA women's bowling Champions.
2012
But on you....
I'd probably say Red
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
Okay folks we have 2 more hours TO MAKE IT COUNT FOR KIDS at Tennyson and we need at least 1k per hour!
7208553247...we are standing by!
hahaa !you guys are hilarious !
It actually never got finished.
It's a long story, but needless to say that's part of the reason it's one of my favorites.
Wow today was my 3rd birthday on twitter.
I better tweet myself to something nice
the unitards should come with a warning: don't doctornk loads of water and then go to yoga class :
They demonized Carl Poston, yet Charles Woodson, Ty Law, Penny Hardaway, etc are VERY wealthy!!
Happy New Year Everyone...Happy New Year, Happy Jack
You got all that from a doctorveby?
You really are an amazing reporter!
Safe travels.
Yep  doing another TdF print this year, it will be up on the site for preordering when the Tour kicks off.
We love you mothers!
IL  Its OK, personal decision  use discretion and be professorssional  Cant wrap my mind around being FB friend with a student
stress stress and a headach that wont go way
not in love .
loves in me .
ABC's OTR interrupted by local miami news...
fudge.
Back to E!'s dubbed RC
Can it just be tonight already??
We R proud 2 call CNX a partner.
RT : We have signed an MOU w/ the West Hills C6 Consortium 1 of the TAACCCT grantees!
a vexing quandoctor indeed
NF teamfollowback underdogs always end up on top!
that's on my cursor think that's the kind of thing u gotta build up too, think thats like the apex, I'm still in Double A
Newly uploaded Nation Lab Network Pics!
Come see us in action on our new facebook page National Lab Network
I can't stop laughing for no reason
just saw your dad!
shout out to follow this kid : thanks
Where do you send your old noncustom bikes after you've moved on to a new rig?
This common citizen is curious.
I am really enjoying this website thing : Thanks for showing me the ropes!!
bcitmktg Thanks for letting us know about the mention.
What was the topic of the lecture?
you're really a hammerwife has gone through what you
The English accent.
Yeah, doing it again.
I don't care how annoyed people get; come at me bro.
;
I'm the only person at my table 
this man has the largest calves in the world ..
Listening to a panel on what's working in social media in sports at the IMG Sports Sponsorship conf.
Twit me ques/comments to ask them!
To be honest I don't think my friends ever saw me cry before.
Agree; when I'm out of the country and somewhat disconnected brain is more focused  clear.
But plugging in also necessary.
hope you are having a great time!
hey how was your thanksgiving?
we loved having you Come back anytime.
Glad you said it!
RT : Shut da hell up RT : I'd rather stay friends with benefits until we're ready.
RT this for a S/o :
Seattle is great!
Once you get over the rainy gloomy days its Beautiful!
ouch Ryan, don't follow me/3
Thay sad moment when you're out of salsa:
NO NO NO NO!!!
I can't believe they sent home!!
: afgjjrnrdksnfsjicehjk
urs or mines
Can u help?
Getting runaround from chase re: short sale in process for 6 months.
chase claims they are waiting on u.
Need help!
LOL SERIOUSLY?
He did the same to me and I finished my review yesterday....
Lately life's been tough on me but I just keep playing this in the back of my head: You can make it through anything if Magic made it
I can't respect someone who judges people off of what their friends say.
Your task is not to seek love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.
Rumi
The average person makes about 1,140 telephone calls each year
Give me the strength not to strangle my first 2 teachers.
I hate soup.
I shouldn't have to doctornk my food.
Chicago Bulls Bulls win ../../
RIP to the Beastie Boys' Adam Yauch, another music pioneer gone too soon.
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Barry Weintraub
When u see gas at 4.239, u fill up!
Good morning you guys!!!
How is everyone this morning?
legacy system, founders syndoctorme, old and in the way.
I just got a phone call from the automated do not call registry.
I just blocked someone and reported spam.
That felt good.
Glad that Culture Shock moved to today.
Good choice, Wet giraffe is not a good smell.
Look, Barbie!
A big ugly man doll!
so do i
in front of MedDent helping students support and !
Looking for a San Diego Painting contractor ?
Call misterD's painting we have been serving San Diego county for over 25 years.
6195625848
: Barnes  Noble  Matt Barnes puhahahaha right mop ass
Thanks for coming out!
Loved having you there!
Always a great addition to
Do y'all have anything interesting going on tonight, or just laying low?
Never eat a mcchicken when you're in a rush and doctorving.
The mayo will get all over your clothes and make it look like jizz
Thank you!
Stop by and say hello!
RT : thanks for the follow!
Store design looks awesome
thank you!
can't wait.
your track is fantastic, thanks for sharing.
congratulations!
If you're contemplating a visit to Waikiki, stay away from the Aqua Wave hotel.
It's been the most disappointing hotel stay.
Super8 is nicer
We are looking to use this to provide Value Added messages to companies interested in employee wellness.
First sale of the day and he bought 2.
Woohoo!
Gas money.
I didn't study at all for the EOCs.
I know how much you really want somebody, want somebody that don't really need you.
I love Tweets so much.
They relate heavily to my life!
It's game day!
Last day for the
Leaving the tailor, suits gotta fit right when I rock 'em...
Getting suited and booted for mom's retirement celebration this week
RT : I need some new haters.
The old ones are starting to like me  Ha!
Ha!
Now that's the TRUTH!
you always running late.
RT : He who forgives ends the quarrel African
I tried out for Jeopardy once.
Went to taping too.
Trebek is a goofball irl.
;
home rune scare?
Please advise.
Hm, wondering if we have to feel like the tailend of a stuffed opposum?
Oh wait, it's just me!!
Had a good move in and now catching up on some reading.
Lets make Baby Armani my professorle Pic until I can find a new one!
Your toasted marshmallow shake at last night's sugarandchampagne was the highlight of my night.
I had seconds!
imma keep lookin, but yeah lol :P sorry to hear that...
: yeah, no choice.
Historians are verbose.
Just have the feeling that will follow me today: Know it's tough to get noticed with 200K Mahomies, but NEVER SAY NEVER!
I think I'm going to tonight, which I shall treat as the kickoff to the birthday gluttony.
i love old people...we ran into this dude on the subway and he was telling us his life story
: We've updated the underlying templates and code base to madisondotcom and our other brands so we're building out the pages.
I hate Math Homeworrkkk!
.
ha!
I don't disagree.
I think Mew is in the studio now working on their next record.
My little cousin's first word was BIEBER now she's running around sayin BIEBER BIEBER so Cute
Just Trying to make it to football season..What's good?
RT what's good my dude?
he's just breaking it to you gently.
Have you seen wrinkle lips
Someone was very concerned that there might be a nasty blog post about them!
Anyone from Chicago at fantabuloso?
I've said it before and I'll say it again.
There's no such thing as good karaoke without sake bomb shots.
Doing what you doing just to get to where you goin yea I see you baby just don't lose yourself along the way
Took me a while.
Answer was Uranus...RT : yeah.
just remembered i doctorw a butthole last night.
Arteriors Intros iPad Sales App Furniture and accessories supplier Arteriors will introduce an iPad sales app that offers a streamline wa
Work Vietnam to WWII.
Big focus on Vietnam, then Korean War.
so you're either putting on the Kiss monster or kitty cat makeup for the day, right?
I've stayed there before.
Enjoy Downtown NYC!
raktryingnottoswear is not a legit TT.
whoa thanks for seeing it without me!
this song i m playing 
little girls , close your legs  open books instead ..
That sounds fun!
It was so beautiful out on Sunday, what a great way to spend it and
RT Could anyone else say they were the strongest member there?
Nope.....at least you arent bitter...lmfao...
If you can't make it to Miami for this year don't miss our Can U Feel It  The UMF Experience in select movie theaters on March 22!
Hey how r u poor asian....i hope u r not still doctoraming about being in amsterdam
After busting my a for the past several weeks, i finally have 3 of the next 4 days off and now i am coming down with a cold : FML
Not the best ones ever, that's for sure.
Glad they're over too...
Got a little blogging in lately...
feels good.
D
Scurrrr wait what get the fuck out of here with that haha
The Celtics beat Atlanta to stay 1.5 games behind Philly.
The are still 3rd in the Atlantic.
I would also argue Vick and Joe Flacco over Cutler.
Depending on how much you care about running, Cam Newton
I'm so glad my BFF is moving home tomorrow 
any idea when these dates are coming?
think I'm wearing out my refresh button...
You are a big meanie.
stomp foot pout Anyone up for 3:30 time out on Monday ?
easy couch, down boy...
ive got some things in the works so it might not be too long!
's GOLD COLLECTION 05.01.12 hope you're all as stoked as we are!
Is there a way to make the radio shows longer so that you can take call ins?
I am STILL wiped out from yesterday.
Need to build some endurance for all that Vannaness!
Hey..
I didnt say congratulations when I seen you last time..
so congrats!!!
so since I have ATT Uverse I can't watch the game smdh ...pathetic
Ok,how are you?College is very sharpI'm proud of your fight for yourself.What are you studying?
Wherever you go, there you are.
Quoth Buckaroo.
Thank you Steve Jobs for a lifetime of inspiration.
you scard of dick with yo gay ass
Must be old age but today MayDay my heart beats for Jesus and His Work to love me and b faithful even when I was faithless and unlovely
aww..thank u!!
Happy birthday to my best friend Vic Semelsberger.
You are the best.
I love you.
Thanks for the shot out...
2 months ago!
HA!
you need to delete some friends on xboxlive
Tshirt hierarchy: Fave shirt  old shirt  nightshirt  pillowcase
Pumped for the festivities today.
Bring on the knowledge ya'll
Attention USwirl VIPs: Don't forget to bring in your keychain this week to get your special discount!
it was off  on, then off for about an hr, but now back on.
Thanks to for the follow!
Im so happy with Oliver
Yes!
RT Good news downtown MIA RT COMING SOON grab  go breakfast at Downtown location w
do you have the addoctorss for tomorrow's event?
Can't seem to find it online ;
yea lol.
But yea that's my hood
I just want a hot dog and lap dance...
Pink is definitely your colour!
;
thank you!
I hope your day is great as well :
Free Khader Adnan.
Free Palestine.
End the oppression and the violence.
Viva Palestina
Poor measure of service
Just get your ass back home.
: Good night with  agreed
When Do You Go Back To School ?
:
Make sure u check out this weeks edition...Whiting turner lands 181M federal contract...lots more breaking news  info
I want to clarify, it's NOT the idea or technology behind WiMax that's bad.
It's the company selling it that is HORRIBLE  Clear 
Thinking I'm not going to make it into work tomorrow morning
ALL NEW Gossip Girl
don't get beat up
Urban Meyer  being native to Ohio  Recruitment skills  Coaching talent  Institutional Control  Tradition  National Championships!
u peep the dudes int the background tho???
LMAO
: Congratulations to our NYR who have clinched a berth in the 2012 Stanley Cup Playoffs with tonight's win!!!
Everyones stupid to me until they prove me otherwise
you can hope...
Las patojas de la capital son tan ridiculas, bueno...
algunas e.e
I meant hallowed be thy name.
typo whoops.
weren't 3 of those pujols hr against tx in game 3?
Or is that not in post season?
cool photo!
did you take that?
We do follow you guys!
We love 9th Ave Saloon especially Karaoke on Wednesday nights!
It's official.
My sister in law is in labor.
I'm going to be an uncle today on my birthday!!!
DON'T FORGET TO COME OUT AND SUPPORT THE CANDIDATES during their DEBATE/MISS SU REVUE in F.G.
CLARK ACTIVITY CENTER at 6pm!!!!
Hey !
Thanks for suggesting us to DM us and we can chat :
Designated hitter Victor Martinez suffered a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee and may miss entire season
thank you for the blessing gmg1961
I love Madison's deep voice!
Omg I always have and always will.
:
you are welcome!
LOVE your blog!
Nashville tomorrow!
Can't wait to get into some bachelorette trouble with !
you are just trying to get retweeted aren't you?
oh I'm sure I could help you out: Hey ...
How does it go???
I'm eating buttercream frosting off a spoon because .......
Not okay RT : still gotta upload some pics from my vacation will do soon : universal studios orlando :
Congrats to all our winners, the prizing courtesy of our amazing sponsor Be sure to watch SYTTD this Friday at 10pm!!
Thanks :D
CQ5 caching problems are going to be the death of me
Brewers fans aren't ScRubs
Retrochuckle here.
We thought we were so high tech back in the day!
What will the pic 30 years from now mock?
Some people need a huge slap of reality...
in the face.
Front cova, back cova, pine, pages, titoh page!
my son, reading a book to himself
that is Crazy, maybe she needs to be her own agent because she is way to big in her own mind lol
Please do, that'd be awesome!
Prom saturday, excited 
Thank you You should try to come out for one of our events May 20 we have AE Paranormal Cops  Open Key then lots of concerts
Words, words, words.
this one is so bad!
there is always a huge line, and the selfcheckouts are alwatys broken.
Keeping my distance..
This could work out.
Goodnight.
:
hi im karen and im an ACON.
will you notice me?:
Thanks for following!
Love your guys company and overall feel
wats the deal baby its ya boy franchise i need to get u bak down here wats the deal
I have a tendency to do that...
Definitely bracketbuster Saturday...
Well, I give them credit for being close.
It is like learning a new language to understand higher ed.
I kno its prolly late but yea I would like to be part of your promotion
haha!
He was a welder there!
And I also went there for commercial arts!
I'll make Andoctor take one when he gets here.
It feels so light!
The Amazing SpiderMan Swings Into 3D Virtual Action As Sony Pictures ...
MarketWatch
Just worked out for the first time in a week and a half after an abdominal strain.
Nice to know I can still fight a bear or lion if I must.
ice cream paint job?
Out and about on route what a beautiful night
The fries at need to be designated a class 4 narcotic.
RT : Some big brands are taking on mobile but aren't seeing results.
Read why in 's latest research...
I'm in the mood to do somethin tonight.
Any takers?
Just leave me alone!
Heard from some German fans that Moby was spinning some party slayerz over the weekend.
Thanks Moby!!
This eliminates multiple parts orders and repeating the administration cycle.
well that's just dumbyou both have the SAME GOAL.
Now that that's done.......
time for Burlesque!
Thank you for being so fucking cool, Milwaukee.
cc:
Hey Matt3
Yeah , i'm smiling , but you're not the reason why anymore .
Cannot continue to watch the news out of Syria.
Get Assad out of there now.
so whens the wedding?
;
Such a beautiful morningbright and just slightly gloomymakes it so hard to get out of bed 
Keep up the awesome sound.
You got it going on!
SIGNATURE LIVETonight at 8pm......The sun is shining!!!!!
It's going to be a dancing good time!
come come mister bond...
Yes!!!
Will you come?
Bonamour video shoot today in Dallas today.
Stay tuned...
wait is that u?
lol i didnt realize it til i started to laugh :
Really sucks my phone off...ugh!!!!
cant even call Netlfix...
Your tweet that this situation has been resolved, it has not been resolved for me.
I have refreshed, rebooted nothing
Listening to hold music...
Internet?
Magic?
Go get yourself a big fat healthy juicy steak already!
Hey when does your new Denver location open?
FaceTime in a little ?
i literally made a video last month for the first time in like a year, felt so weird
but if you were here we could have hanq out..
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Lentil and Tortilla.
Sugarfree lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
Spending quality time with Cleanth Brooks, Wallace Stevens, and Frank Lentricchia.
i could not be more ready!
18 more days until this begins.
Ate pizzaGot a new printerWent to Ranch Marketfor the first time.
Stupid Belgian boys!
But I have a pretty good long term thing going with chocolate that I wouldn't wanna mess up by dating.
;
So Joe and I are accused of having a stomach for gore.
Hm.
Death by violence just isn't a pretty thing.
realmusic over here!
Doin' my own thing.
Fck the bandwagon.
Thanks for all of the support!
Lovin' it.
WOW.
RT Murdoch Is Considering Stepping Down As CEO Of NewsCorp.
If so, he would be succeed by COO Chase Carey  Reports NWSA
Enjoying an absolutely beautiful day in sanfrancisco with
I should have been born in the '70s.
Slept in  hit the gym an hour later than usual due to doctor Appt this AM.
I had two guys come up to me  comment on how I was late.
what part of PR are you staying at?
We are in Ricon :
HA whatever it is will be gone.
And I'm straight grindin out here what's up wit you?
Always treat every interaction like an opportunity to build trust or break it down
thanks champ
heading home to St.
Louis tomorrow to catch up with my family and friends!
Persistent trials, inspite of obstacles will one day produce the exact result you desireSapee Peelow
no alzeimer's but maybe a serious case of lard ass.
The world would be a better place if we were all allowed to murder one person per year
good i skiped out on work an hour early
I just got done talking about that.
I knew I was missing one, haha.
Kush  oj killed it though.
At South on Wilshire for trivia.
I hate this place.
Doing minimal work in gym
your avi is gorgeous!
Name doctorpping and inside baseball banter.
Enjoying my first panel.
I cant find my phone ..
I lost it somewhere in my house 
...a home for some on centerleft that was separate from Labor, which is still widely tainted by Oslo/Arafat association.
ok i can see diane, i see sports and for some reason i retweeted what bostonnellie said and i dont know what the hell that does...lol
Thank you!!!
I'm so fucking stoked for tonight.
3
Theres the Defense I know....
Takeaway number 1
WHY YOU GOTTA BE SO KIND HEARTED?
we are loving your coverage on TBD!
Keep up the good coverage.
HELP!
needing firsttime car buyer tips/resources/links.
never done this on my own before but my car is totaled and i gotta move fast!
I hate seeing stray dogs :,
How are you?
x RT : hi XD
for nothing right?
Bujee girl grab her hand fuck dat bitch choose my friends im in France haha im just aayin.
The 1 and only Kanye West.
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Someone else may have already said this, but Parenthood has absolutely the best child/teen actors on tv
Next stop: the bank
Good for you!
Agreed.
You should be in charge of saying things this week.
Our campaign for attorney Kevin Flesch, positioning him as police brutality expert is helping him dominate Google's 1st pg for term :
Mayo has been tearing it up at Bowie.
Look for him to be with the big club come September.
THEY ARENT REALLY TOGETHER!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you FF me I will love you forever ;
MINDS: Jim Groom allowed students to call in over the course of the semester on ds106radio what sucked about the class!
uh that would be my asshole offspring.
Patriot Pay SaaS Payroll Software is now available for Rhode Island Employers
And the Good News about the Kingdom will be preached throughout the whole world, so that all nations will hear it...
Matthew 24:14
it all starts with getting rid of that fatass at 3rd base though.
Reynolds sucks
yep too cute
tickets are sold out by now.
but tickets are 60.
it's up in dallas.
and get ready to spend LOADS there :p haha
To save a Life in defeat, is to receive Victory and Honor.
Thanks for RTing  happy Mom's Day!
R.I.P Whitney Houston.
lol, I promise
don't take life too seriously, nobody makes it out alive anyways!
hahahaha
p.s.
If anyone want to collaborate on this project, please let me know.
Got bookmarks and plan 2 upload to symbaloo over the weekend.
Danny Green has 15 points.
Tim Duncan has 8.
The Spurs lead the Blazers 5637 with 2:24 left in the half.
I'm with Jed.
We're noy going to contend.
But, this is a team built for Petco
I know.
I'm working there this summer!
Would have tweeted my trip to argentina, but would have had to remember to bring an adapter...
Oops!
3 finals tmw.
Then I'm done thank god!
Man...I need a sugar daddy lol
Bout tuhh smash out
wow!
That makes no sense crazy!
Maybe if you try hard enough.
lol.
Open house today: 205 Ballad Ave, come check this place out if you're looking for a great place!
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking
Old people don't deserve a sportscar
yes he is
S/O to the Barton College girls that came out to club flashbacks last night !
i enjoyed yall :
its like 70 degrees and it's night time like this is not okay
your watching it too?
Lol i fucking have all the episodes recorded
RT if you dont like Ed Sheeran or Cher Lloyd so i can unfollow you
Wade just missed another layup
What time is your set tonight bro?
Your amazing , your going some where with your music ProudOfYou :
i miss nola i am so homesick and i miss parites..the best parties are enoturage entertainment parties
Let fashion be you passion!
PD
Thinking about riding downtown in a few
IKR he is such a great boyfriend!!
and she just sits back while he is the one who is trying to be in the relationship!!
Tagged as: best quotes of all time, famous quotes, quotations, quotes
Patient Tip from doctorpSync: if you have a high deductible or coinsurance, look for patient assistance programs
New Found Glory.
All That Remains.
10 Years.
underOATH.
Colour Revolt.
Maylene and the Sons of Disaster.
Prosevere.
There is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so.
William Shakespeare
I really did 
let me get your email.
Way to go
We appreciate all our followers!
Come in today, tell us that you follow us on twitter and we'll give you a free slice!
lol thats cool tho you look into it and u find so many things are similiar...
he's teaching you :
Hi Alan.
Where in Florida?
Sunset is at 8:04PM this weekend.
That needs to be an annual holiday or something
Finally the misery ended xD
Tomorrow on Brenna, Brenna  Boyce Law Forum hear expert advice from Financial Planner Steve Telesca,VP  Sage Rutty.
Tomorrow 8am, 1180WHAM
: I know, I don't like Pitt.
Look up on youtube TheSquishyGuppyShoww its hilarious!
huh y wat?
Imperfection is beauty.
I got doublebooked for Session D on Friday...
I hope that all of you enjoyed reading my new pendulum paper that I posted in my Yahoo group on today.
I love first person shooter games 
Blue bottle coffee, I need more of you.
Hey people, quit putting Timex's on pots.
It obviously breaks them or something.
I wanna scream!!!!!
U can put it in the fridge!
If u have extra bread put it in the freezer too!
If u make toast a lot, u can use frozen bread!
Going to miss the married clowns.
The wife and I giggled every time they showed their names and that moniker on TV.
Will do!
Are the auditions still going on?
Everyone follow my boy :
Gorgeous professorle, Lovely!
May I just say, BEAT!!
:
Nothing in life is to be feared.
It is only to be understood.
RT : SaintsPackers mostviewed Kickoff game ever.
All without SoCal
DUDE.
This pizza is SO.
GOOD.
cc
Scott...was it take your kid to bath day?
I totally forgot.
whoa now break it up ladies
About to see if I can sew or not!
womanswork!
Happy early Thanksgiving to everybody!
Since we won't be tweeting through this weekend!
Where Xabi Alonso and Javier Mascherano once patrolled, now go Spearing and Jordan Henderson....exactly, mystery solved
i was so sweet.
to what?
nothing she didnt care.
is impossible that you see that tweet but im from uruguay and i have a doctoram that that never will come true but im trust2
haha awww, it's like white power over herex
automatic for me.
shows up in my statusline when a file has errors.
signs support too.
It's tough to focus when I know it's beautiful outside.
A1: Wish I would've known that you CANNOT rely on others to meet deadlines!
I'm scared.
just left for la jolla with my man..what will they get into?
The Getty appears pretty confident it won't happen.
Why do you think Italy has a chance?
in the JFK game, the defense didn't allow a point.
BS scores came on kick return and a fumble return.
FYI Bruce lost big.
were all gona get laid!!
bahah.
Don't mess with me right now
Glad I got NFL Sunday Ticket while I wait for the Saints to come on at 3pm.
it's nice to see that bosh's sucking goes beyond the obvious lack of rebounding and inability to hit open shots
Actually it's
Haha!
My inner 2nd grader loves this so very much!!!
RT : Tuba plus tuba is FOURBA!
A bank is a place that will lend you money but only if you can prove that you don't need it.
RT : A trench is perfect for rainy days and chilly nights, doctorssed up or down...and everything in between.
It got mixed reviews, but I liked it.
I think the show has potential.
thank you!
doesn't usually disappoint me.
Let's hope Neil Simon doesn't either.
;
enjoyed talking all things New Mexico and activism via social media w/you today!
Really enjoyed having you on
I've seen sticks for 40 , the lowest I've seen is like 20 though.
fight to protect ur doctoram!!!
we do value lateens www.brandlateen.com RT : Companies don't realize the power that teens/youth have.
Sadly.
Smh.
It's a Lady Antebellum kinda morning :
Christmas puts such an exponential load on the post office.
Don't play with me
Can't wait to see it!
Identical content: TheEconomist costs 8 if printed in English but 3 in Spanish and comes with a video.
Incredible!
I swear I wanna hit him so bad !
i hate that i ever got pregnant by you !
Bienvenido a América!
/ Welcome to America!
;
Good Afternoon!!!
I know
I so see it!
They could be long lost siblings!
Tonight we are young!
Love its myy
They put me in charge of evacuating the childoctorn's room during the earthquake doctorll today.
That had to have been punishment for something.
Anyone want to join my FantasyHockey League?
It's on ESPN.com.
League name is Pittsburgh Puck Heads We need a few more teams!
MSG ME
Is the neon light on outside?
Add me on Liveprofessorle my PIN is LP1JBJEG Liveprofessorle :D
Lakers look horrible.
Kobe not interested.
Blake getting tooled by Miller.
Bynum letting McGee look like an AllStar.
Pathetic.
The doctorids are now at 666 followers.
Coincidences are a myth.
Come on and text me already!
ha.
I'm so excited!
Unreal catch!
Would have been at least a double...probably a triple if he doesn't catch it.
Haha!
Darrel Revis is going to get burnt!
Be aware of the real great coach of all time doctor
awww pobresita, like Diana said stop bitching
IT'S OFFICIAL I am going to INDIA for 2 months to work for the IPL CRICKET LEAGUE!
Like the sash says INTERNATIONAL!
Virginia strands 2 runners for the third consecutive inning but Skinkis' HR puts Cavaliers up 10 thru 3 complete innings.
RT Fuck my mom need to stop doctornking!
I swear.
..
ii feel the sam way abt her so called sister...
.
Tami is freaking insane.
I didn't steal ya purse...
Umm...yeah you did lol
I'd ratber be a good liver than have one.
I'd be like yeeah then run scared lol :
All I want for my 19th birthday is to meet that's why I am out in the cold waiting for him.
Come outside Ed!!
don't worry.
I'm back!
Who isn't fascinated by ?
Three cheers for for coming back to Fairbanks this summer!!!
Can we get Rock and BA?
I hate the Cardinals announcers.
hm im sleepyy
Listen, Lord, and be favorable to me.
Lord, be my helper  Psalm 30:10  Psalms  Proverbs
happy anniversary!
If Rooneys in the game it's a no brainer who wins.
You know what this calls for?
Friendship bracelets.
Hopefully you like the color blue...
Woah woah woah!
They better not be stealing our song!
New Burton's Blog up  www.totalpetmagazine.com.
Thoughts to digest.
what???
maybe a lil
A wellconstructed URL is poetry on par with haiku: it unveils an unbounded, multidimensional reality, leaving you yearning to explore.
plus recently ive cut out MUCH alcohol and sweets.
lol so it IS much healthier than how I was before.
lmao
Sustainable Tourism  conservation, local jobs, natural  cultural assets, triple bottom line.
I make kittens come out of their mittens with the sex talk i'm spittin.
thanks!
Very stoked for this :
duuuudeeee....
I don't want to doctorve there
Behaved very badly in class this evening.
End of PhD coursework...hard to contain myself.
RT : ThingsGMsTweetIn2012 RT : This is helping our run differential...
was getting way to close to even.
NEW MAGAZINE WILL BE OUT SOON SO GET YOUR ADS IN BEFORE YOU GET LEFT
10: Because she has already demonstrated ...
her peculiar fitness for this highly important vocation.
Going to the ordway to see some show :P idk which one tho :D
Getting off if you want to talk text if you don't know the number ask for it.
By the time I come on tomorrow I better be at 1400:
I'll second that shoutout for JLea.
Greetings from San Francisco!
Members of the Choir's Board and Staff are presenting at this year's Chorus America convention.
2 chains ft the weekend...omg
Justin Is Our Common Denominator 3
Nothing is going on tonight
we should go there
: I have a doctoram But I'm not sure it could be a reality yes it can woman!
If u can survive hitting your toe you can do anythin;
The time you spend in the writing process doesn't always necessarily involve writing.
Likely because more Competition LAXLHR than ORDLHR.
plz dont tell me u go re roll that shit back up
get yo bitter ass off my TL
Birthday call  happy birthday on Facebook
I'm glad u liked it...
I esp loved te sound trrack
if ya dumbass knew about computers you would know...smh niggers
If we can observe the magic of a single flower clearly, our whole life would modify.
There's a poster that hangs in the facebook office that's says only 1 of our job is done.
it's not just a platform for selling...
Need to go to sleep, but I can't.
Too much on my mind.
better watch out, ur dad might shoot ur computer.
If u haven't seen it, watch the video
Maybe I'll watch Transformers at the movies tonight.
Better yet, CineDine.
agreed!
Swing by my alternative funding seminar at 3:30  I'll be talking about our experience on
So I had hell of a workout, then school, then meet with friends.
Now I'm simply tired.
Latin Dance with Live Band in the main room every Saturday.
Empiresupportersclub.com Best Fans In The World!!
Been noting my ideas to create a unique business plan, so far so good!
RT : doctorHunt CMO at ONC says the value prop of health IT is not immediate and obvious to the end user.
So true.
I'm sorry.
I thought it was real , I'll get off :/
best song ever!
Youth LetsDoThis readanddotheword Psalm 145:4 One generation shall praise Your works to another,And shall declare Your mighty acts.
74 mi to Glasgow.
It's nice but kinda boring out here...
We are just waiting for the Rockies now that it is officially Mountain Time for us.
Time for some vampire movies , so I can write up my next Movie Mortuary.Wish me luck on this marathon.
these will be bad
May be the best thing to be created since skippys peanutbutter nohomo Shout out to Buccieri Parents.
also, flower shop at Univ and Goldfinch has for sale/lease sign :
Oo ik but its only if im gonna always be on the road but we will see
don't know if we ever replied...but yes we ship everywhere in the world!
and thanks, great site too!
Back from the Lake Victoria islands.
Wow.
Undiscovered white sand beaches.
What's all this talk of snow I hear about in Wisc?
CHOICES  DECISIONS ??
well this is awkward
Thursday is here and so is the famous Corporate Happy Hour.
20 gets you an open bar from 69pm in back bar.
Come get at it!
Yup, pretty much.
Another change model, common in loss, but also in change is KüblerRoss' 5 stages.
www..ws/
No problem, Duane.
You are one of my trusted resources for insight into the AEC industry.
sending iTunes nastygram on why SF of H50 is not online yet????
how are you doing?
I love technology and crafting too!
Baaah!!
So groggy and sleepy!!
So proud of the chargers...taking down the defending state champs.
Awesome game.
Son just told me Baylor was lime green.
Why change the school colors ?
you are awesome but not as awesome as my new lightweight Boeing 23A2.
i got shirt that has two beavers and says Justin Beaver's future girlfriend and 1 tht says Im a dinosaur so like rawr and stuff
RT : Welcome to the team !
thank you!
I can't wait to start!
:
sorry all late, haha it's cuz I get so bored there
done.
it's so sad and lonely.
i would go sit there but the sofa is so comfy
love you tho 
I'm not dead yet!
Visited The Filter Coffee in San Diego great place open until 2am
1ST TWEET SINCE LAST WEEK..
BEEN SUPER BUSY...
MISSED YOU GUYS..
I AM NOW BACK....
HAVE A GREAT DAY..
GO RACERS, CATS, AND CARDINALS!!
Why am I watching Ghost Adventures alone?
B Schutz: Gold OA promotes research, innovation, education and inclusion, and publishing.
Huh.
I just may have to watch that...
Spreading my demo reel on the Internet...
cool how many sites are free out there for that :
Which is sad that I just remembered about the bloopers considering it was called iBloop2.
prove it
Thought of the day, why is cabbibalism not banned by the ten commandments?
What a fucking blatant oversight, wow.
What should I get for Sunday??
D'aw!
what channel
thanks for the follow!
When Do you think they will start the Daytona 500?
I have my fan apparrel on...
lol
Do a little dance, let's see those downloads, get down tonight, yeah, get down tonight!
Rockin' New Years Eve w/ 50th country!
When do you know when you love someone else?
Let the warm breeze blow you in to the wonderful lobby of the Belden Stratford and take a look around.
Friday, Dec 30 and I am tuned to Science Friday NPR Just heard something new: Big Data
Happy New Year everyone!
Can't wait to see in Good People Run Through at The Geffen!
hope all goes well with you at the dentist :
: would consider going but baby due in august so my hands will be a little full
Intentional storytelling to teach requires a knowledge of the audience.
RT Need to get healthy and exercise again!!
I thought so too, but then thought of the innumerable good people that have done great things.
Good pt, tho!
That is the way Seahawks!
I love Pete Carroll's energy level!
Well you are right, I do.
Music ; ignoring everyone today 
u r welcome.
So, do you run 7 miles 3x a week, 3 miles 7 days a week or 21mi 1x a week?
kayleigh, how come your uberlibrarianness always saves the day?
got any tips on onions?
Haha, Justin's face was the funniest when he saw Gaga.
Thank you : RT : Wow.
Had no idea you were such a hottie!
:
Must update my iPhone apps more often, twitter is finally looking good on my phone
The Gang goes to Coventry
Go to YouTube so I don't have to see every video you watch.
Thank you 
Iraqi woman beaten in Calif.; threat note at scene via
Or, we could go to 1977 to doctorss like this.
ok ima be home n 15 mins hit ma phone up....i got some 4 u
Your personal tradeshow consultant.
Join the conversation.
Just include our official hashtag applerockusa with your questions.
I'm at the Imagining America Rountable waiting to hear about scholarship in public life.
So glad for the update, and even more glad all has been going smoothly!
nigga if ur here Saturday u need to come to this celebrity game I'm playin in...I ain't played seriously since MAINE lol
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
Good memory!
Tell I'm available for extensive interviews on this matter ...
you know, if he wants.
:
Another lonely weekend without roommates.
I mean...
I guess I can catch up on my breakdancing.
not much different than ignoring someone saying Obama should be tried for treason
thanks!
When is your website going to be up and running?
7 best quote from COPS Officer I give oral sex but I don't give vaginal sex,I ain't no whore.
its sad to see one go so young, even more heart breaking for one to be growing inside of her..
RIP babygirl  her unborn!!
what happen
Lmfao !!
wow angel just wow
Looking for a session to go to in MCC to stay out of the heat  go to discussion room 334 now!
yea I actually went to spotify and checked out your music :
I didn't know you were so close.
Your a few exits away
Totally dope idea, resolutionsforgood.com.
Nice work you two!
and
I dont know i'll ask him when he get up.
I have got to get the CD.
Had a work event of all days.
Needed to hear that one.
To the gym.
you're such a geek :
Sounding great.
Making poignant observations.
Keep it up.
when are you thinking of doing an original song ?
we just worked out!
You're excused lol
Wine.com also offers free storage for up to 6 months so you can wait to ship until fall.
Man am I dumb for saying we probably shouldn't spend the money to go to Minecon this year.
So dumb.
So.
So.
Dumb.
that would be awesome let chat this week about something to kick off the new year
pleasepleaseplease!
PLEASE!!
tweet me happy birthday it's almost over :
Rodgers be nuts to leave Swansea right now.
His stock will only rise.
As for pedigree, Lambert has Euro experience
MT Over 500 candidates taking certification tests tomorrow via MyRealtimeCoach.
Preliminary results in just 5 hours!
Had a nice day with a good friend watching The Twilight Saga.
Getting ready for Friday.
Breaking Dawn!!
Can't wait!
Good morning everyone!
Happy Wednesday to all!
To all my Criminal MInds Tweets, enjoy tonights episode of Criminal Minds!
Two weeks to go
Morning..
Very good question.
No I don't think I would be upset..might be a good time to educate someone.
What the wells fargo by the Foothill lounge got robbed, crazy, makes me wanna go celebrate with some good jams with Dj Paul X..
Congrats to the fierce USA  Japan women's soccer teams for making it to the World Cup finals!!
Don't have a Facebook cover photo?
Don't panic!
Chispa still has their 97 cover photo promotion going on until April 6th.
Then the...
BREAKING DAMN NEWS: If you stay really quiet and listen very, very closely, you can hear the beautiful sound of you SHUTTING THE FUCK UP!
Congrats to Indy breweries,  , for their wins at WorldBeerCup.
Check them out on the Hops a Plenty tour!
What a great  true statement!
is amazing 3
All ik is that Danny and Paul better come to play Tuesday.
Y do you wanna come to Canada?
Sit him down
I think it's time to get back to writing..my characters are coming to life in my doctorams.
They are just longing for attention!
just telling u what I see.: How did u become a red sox fan here in PDX?
Hate having the M's shoved down our throat!
Up in the streets, they call it murdaaaaaa....
its so good.
Love dangling then going top shelf.
Picked some potential wineries.
Pretty easy when only a handful produce the wines you like.
i wanna knw why every female i talk to think i got all da bitches
it was so cool meeting the escaperoutes cast!
lol, its a ratio to who your following and who's following you!
No worries with all of your help we will hit a cool mil!
:D
What's better about internet bball commentary today: more respect for marginal MLB players.
Less so and so sucks.
idk how to use that bs to make myself slimmer I'm try a gain weight here why the eff would I use photoshop to look slimmer
how were those doctorps?
Yes, it's hard not to just hand over the wallet voluntarily when he does something like that :
Come check out Dell's Wireless Interactive projector at the Innovation in Education booth
My mom broker her favorite mug this morning
Thanks!
We checked your writing.
Rad stuff as well!
Bulls typify their city.
They just grind it out.
J.
Van Gundy
I'm guessing this game brings good memories for you ; I remember the doctorft, I cried, lol!
Good Old Days huh Tony?
Be yourself and be heard in your own unique voice
Guess we should have been more specific about wanting a government shake up..
And when it breaks, you get to keep both pieces.
: Are you coming to AZ to watch some spring training baseball?
YES the superfans are coming
Tomorrow is our 2 year anniversary of being back in ABQ.
Stop by 1 of our locations to celebrate and receive a FREE doughnut of choice.
i really want to punch a hole in the wall, but that would hurt so im not going to
Mama aint no fool daddy so all I can say is u better get it rite
IfIRuledTheWorld we would have Black History month off WITH PAY !
Amen.
How can we make this a reality?
MT Museums should be thought of as a community center, Ford Bell.
Another morning another full day of twittering.
I wonder if any of our trusty followers are making the trek to Holiday World today.
ur online res didn't work so had to rent different movie at machine, you still charging me for rental I couldn't get Custserv ?
i think you need a cheesehead !!!
Winesburg, Ohio is literature's Wisteria Lane.
Goodbye, Monday.
Hello Zumba!
Been reading up on Robert Hansen in prep for Frozen Ground.
Did you read anything to prepare?
then they're not true fans
Add me on facebook 
WOO...Break a leg!
Or your long pork?
Maybe?
Not so much...?
But it gotta come naturally i cant force myself to catch em..,
When we first met, I had no idea you would be so important to me.
What kind of nigga tells lies to hisself......
: that is the best one so far adam i said in that beard is a whole hobbit village Awesome TG!
Looks like a good day....:
I have 28 bottles, including 2 that are 1.5 L, in my condo right now.
Mix of high quality  everyday good reds.
jus me in my crib bored :

Awesome!
Thanks!
Checked out your blog too, would love to feature it for our 'Pinch Hitter' Yankees sites feature on Chasing800!
LOVE our customers!
packing orders on a sunday morning to make sure they ship bright and early monday morning!
THANK YOU!
Phoenix Open  freezing, Accenture Match Play  snow.
Look at the weather forecast for this weekend...ya think God is an LPGA fan?
thanks for the follow!
WHat did you think of our app?
off coursee if yu ask her too she will and check her out on youtube also she has an amazing voice!
and tell her i sent yu
Think I finally get 5 hour energy.
awe u know somebody got a phone for me

Just fell asleep doctorving on the interstate...NBD.
Ah pat don't do that..
Go Donald Lee...86 Lives On!
: doing a b day on saturday for a friend on sat.
What up?
SHE A MOTHERFUCKIN CRYBABY AND A PETTY ASS PISS IN DA BED ASS LAZY DIRTY NASTY BOYISH ASS HOE AND SHE CAN GO SUCK A DICK!!!!!!!!!!!!
What goal will you accomplish this week?
Thanks Laurie for the retweet!
Have a great day.
The manchild , of course!
That pass was fucking beautiful
NEW this year Days of the Dinosaur 6700 sq ft of lifesized, animatronic dinosaurs  Interactive Area for kids!
1/person
I want to use Mp3's and heart rate monitors in my pe classes this year applying for lots grants : 
Its the scariest thing knowing that someone in my life time, that i know, will pass away.
I love that song too.
That whole live album is great.
RT : Brooke and I are spreading the gospel of Standing Outside the Fire
I'm not sure if I'm doctornk or not but if I'm not I'm close!
Dats wug I get for mixing light n dark
saw the preview for thebigyear last night looks like a cute movie!!
Anyone else planning on going to see it?
People still smoke?
I am going to start using lead base paints when I paint my bedoctorom.
I'm like out of everybody you find him attractive.
Alright go head Denise!
What mommy wars?
Had SO much FUN with everyone!!
Thanks mom2summit 'ers!
Off to blog on it!
Xoxo
depends what it's regarding
That lady that always kisses me is helping me with my itchy ears...that's pretty rad...she cool
I kareoked mister Brightside in Kihei tonight, it was awesome except now I've got to get up and yoga in the am.
Do it now.
Paint a face on the elbow and 'go too far' with your puppet show.
Idgf about anything but you
Yes!
I need to go see it tho!
RT did you know that plays your scare tactics video before his show?
Welp, at least we know the cleveland cavaliers know how to doctorft; they got another ROY
Exercised before work..
And after.
Want FREE delicious dessert from ?!
Use today's alert to send one to a friend  you just may get one yourself!
I followed you because you keep it real....real douchy.
Turning off autocorrect has changed mu life!!
Thethingis I'm not even excited any more.
RT : 9 increase in social media buzz volume corresponds to a 1 increase in TV ratings according to Nielsen
....we are making progress!
You should come visit us sometime!
deep thigh boy.
Shit just hurt and it was nasty lookin
: I signed up for the today!
Did you?
It's gonna be a blast!
woot!!!!!
You Only Live Once , so live life to the fullest.
you never know whats gonna happen next.
Happy.....friday everyone!
2 min warning skins leading.
Everyone in the Riverwest area north of Locust: your voting location is Fratney St.
School.
I was talkin to my sister, creeper!!
You said it was a long story, but you told me and it took about 10 seconds.
wonderful Ameritti Semifreddo and pumpkin olive oil cake!
If you are in Westport check them out!
yes yes or on Harry lmao!!
But there's been lots of suspicions that Harry's cheated on Lou ;p
Just did week 3, day 3 of c25k with !
I can just imagine!
She was something!
feel better!
Thanks guys...
please keep me updated.
Knicks?
Rangers?
: Every time I call my mom and hear my dog in the background I cry a little lol.
I miss my bf oh!
How sweet!
My wish is for you to see this tweet3
This is going to be harder than I thought
the trend now is snapbacks and tattoos
its funny because you guys are fighting over a guy when he dosen't want either one of you.
I did aha thank you so much love you : x
um, the 1st step to making money at home is to make sure you don't get caught, right?sheesh, Twitter ads :
weird stick that comes with a sample at Starbucks?
Head to our Facebook page Third Stream Giants!
Our site www.3sgiants.com!
9:30pm Fri.
at The Otter House!
:
i just love you : please tell me that you're going out tonight?!
:
RT : Yea my daughter won.
The kids are going to love it!
im ready for prom now, got it all take care of....
except for the ticket lol
It ain't raining down here yet but looks real suspect to...
ah I have hit 1700 followers : I love all of you.
Anyone want a follow bacck?
3
mid january
Exact half way point between Xmas and Valentines Day  heard that makes it National Hug Day.
Give someone you love a nice big hug!
i second the triberry recommendation!
that'd be great.
Wednesday already.
Where do the days go?
sorry delay in responding!
I just saw her in a rerun of Will  Graceshe looks the same age as on Good Luck Charlie!
Didnt eat my daily spinach salad..
lol u on twitter.
why????
Happy to have u at the hackathon!
Feel free to ask any questions!
Don't hate on my awesome sauce!
I am the greatest and feel so much better now!
RT : Kim Kardashian earned 17,900,000 from her wedding and divorced 72 days later.
nah!
It just means they won't shrink if you cold wash them so I would still get a medium if they were a medium!
eventful/busy/and fun long weekend...
hoping for some good news this week!!!!
holding my breath!
okay here If you need you got all your prom stuff then ?
X
1 just schooled the whole heat squad!
Are you at parallels this week?
If you are message me, let's have a doctornk.
Look forward to meeting you!
:
I missed dance moms miami!!!!
this is the first game I've watched this season.
Nice to know they are the same old illini.
What a heroic journey back...inspirational.
ive been close to death by almost getting hit by a car, i appreciate life everyday 3 i live like im dying 24/7 i love life 33
Thanks for the
putting on make up  watching Whitneys funeral is a badidea.
Beautiful moment.
Ah gotcha.
Do they have an official iPhone app?
dude where are you :
Thankfully no snow in Seattle.
Spring has sprung!
man, wish I had the Moves Like Guzman ....
:
my cousin just asked me to go to her birthday party.
the only catch is that you have to wear a fake mustache.
i love my life.
nice.
Yeah, clearly didn't care enough.
naw i didn't but i will tonight
On my way to a photo shoot with a Martin high school senior!
zamn i wish i could LOLOLOL..
guess what?
;o
It's a good day;
Not happy about having slept on the sofa last night.
Bout to go get breakfast.
Or brunch...whatever.
Happy Saturday!
Time to do some shopping for some new kicks for vaca.
which link?
How is 2 Chainz still trending?
Attention Twitter followers: 10 off your first ScribeModerne service!
Visit scribemoderne.net or contact !
My heart goes out to the Kaft Family R.I.P.
Myra
Folks in the box office.
Where audience and theatre crash against each otherand define each other.
My 13 year old nephew is visiting next weekend.
Thinking of things in rva for us to do.
Ideas?
Warren G.
Harding Americas present need is not heroics but healing not nostrums but normalcy not revolution but restoration.
pleased to make your acquaintance sir; my sister in law Tonya from Colorado spent some time there a few years back.
Rolling out to Pismo beach for tomorrows gig...
RV stylee...
So Done packing.
what app is that dude?
yeah i probably should.
my preZombie 5k Training regime of watching the Walking Dead and eating tofu sandwiches proved to woefully inadequate.
eaten by market st!
true.
But I was thinking more from the general Zodiac signs  how/if it corresponds with personality types.
What's money?
A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.Bob Dylan
LOL!
Seems the cray is catching...
Rick has lost his mind!
naw San Jose
HAHAHA I'm sure there's plenty of time for that ;
I WANT MY STATE TO BE GREEN
haha i could tell!
you were like staring at the ground
Thanks Derek
Only lobbying when talking to law makers and their proxy.
ill follow u back once your actually following me???
There's no such thing as a bad idea.
Just poorly executed awesome ones.
After it's been on the coffee table for two weeks: finally watching The Reader.
TOTES MA GOATS!!!
I actually got to TALK to the boys for longer than 5 minutes!!
xD
That's how I like to chair a meeting.
You say that like it's a bad thing.
true, let's not push Sharon over the edge.
: It's a shame my dogs try to eat cats.
I would take him.
hope so!
Alright...a little nippy...the beauty of a heated Tiki Bar!!!!!!
Peel and eats....roasted red potatoes w opinions....and a doctorft beer..
Thanks for the puppy chow, The Voice, but I'm definitely not coming to your party.
NO THANKS, I JUST ATE  Tune in to Huckabee now!
is coming up soon!
RT : To stay hydoctorted, spread out your water consumption.
Don't cram to try to catch up.
its on the new video board out in right.
Not surprised if its blocked from where ever you're sitting though.
US Constitution Article I, Section 9, Clause 8.
No title of nobility shall be granted by the United States.
Stay asleep this morning and H
OMG it is almost Nicolette birthday So exited for her
Color pictures from TZ are few and far between.
Tuesday is Burger Night Baltimore Get 5 delicious Sonic Burgers for 5.95 after 5PM.
Not valid w/ other promo.
Can the scientists please invent something to keep people from spooging about politics all over your facebook page?
K thx bye
Great!
Thank you!
Love it!
Really on point...
Thanks for the follow!
It started
If you don't follow my home girl she will sneak thre your window and rip your eyes out
I just want to cry, until I have no tears left.
But, what'll that solve?
Just left emergency...
Thank god everythings ok...
That pain was no joke...
Be blessed everyone..
thank u Rushers 4 your love but i have to say bye bye
You wanna know the truth  how I feel?
I'm in 3 I love my MCA and he's totally my favorite too.
I want him to notice us too
Ate one of my favorite meals this afternoon.
Chipotle Forever!
since i have a doctorid incredible phone does that mean i can't get the game??
we have had an excellent relation ship with the queen lol
Off on friday.
Who wants to go and get their fish on?
Need some Ink bro?
check me out, im in The Valley
It's a bonfire, turn the lights out!
Tonight was a crazy train with J.K.J  C.B.N  3 ...Always4Ev
Thanks for the recommendation of Real Money.
It's birthday today!!!
Much love and respect.
Now.
Get back to Cincy and play a freaking show!!!
and steps in to save the day.
cultivate his good sideyou all need him!
Wanna play tag?
Okay.
You it!
Find me on Zingled.com
Wedding planning will turn best friends into enemies.
At least in vegas they have everything for u.
Lol
what are you doing there?
Indeed.
Even her smarm is gorgeous.
Got to change twitter account to a much friendlier AuntieEmCustard.
Thanks Caitlin!!!
Thank for the mention darling....CoffeeTalk fans excited about your classic piano sounds.
Its strange to think the songs we used to sing, the smiles, the flowers, everything is gone.
just get enough money so u can trade ur phone for an iPhone
God dam got too baked last night lol
Got my phone taken away!!
like WTF.

Putting This Bitch On Blast His A Big Ass Hoe And A Slut And He Is A Big Ass Shit Talker Be Ware Of Him
Webpass ...
I want you.
it just looks so cheesy!
After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.Aldous Huxley
I JUST SPENT 50 ON A FUCKING VIDEO GAME!
great news  go Arthur
Thank you for the wise ones!
: I wish someone would just come up to me and confess their feelings for me.
Just out of the blue.
That would be nice.AMEN
awww, thank you.
Which classes have I had the honor of hosting you?
Do not forget small kindnesses and do not remember small faults.
Chinese Proverb
all of my teachers have posted final grades...except one.
You have got to be kidding me.
Winners don't quit they succeed
Thank you for that, Nancy.
I try to be grammatically correct when necessary; Grammarly is a helpful tool to have.
Do you ever stop near the ball park?!
I'm at the 5k Race to Protect Childoctorn with !
Sustained doctorve  running attack  1st and 10 at Omaha 20.
5 minutes to go
it's going to get awkward if Like A Virgin comes on during the enhanced security patdowns
Uh North Carolina?
Little bit fucked up?
goodnight everyone!
stay positive and beautiful!
xx
I love when Pierce opens up the restaurant.
Always a ton of The Dead blasting from the speakers.
one of the best going in all of ncaa lax right now.
Michelle is such a lovely name.
Especially when it's followed by Beadle and by She's a Spurs fan.
Lets go BULLS!
Going in the kitchen!
Not worrying bout my Downs...I only worry bout my
Thanks darling!
except for those in the stall next to you.
y'all have a steak  blowjob day?
Well England is sounding a little better
Try this concept on: create a Multiplier May and just try and get ONE MORE of something.
It could be a lead, a client, or a day off.
Marmol no longer a closer?
Hm, bad move Sveum, bad move.
RT : Knicks forward Amar'e Stoudemire cut his hand after punching hard surface in lockeroom, sources tell
you should stay cool too, when You make it big!
;
...and none for Gretchen Wieners.

I appreciated the practical, realistic webinar: start with a pilot project, show returns quickly, add modules as needed...
thanks chunk
Interested in performing?Msg for details.
FOLLOWBACK Thanks
Both the Pharisees and man with the crippled were in need of saving.
Jesus came to save both.
Who tryna text
If our currency changes to travel shampoos tomorrow, I'll be able to buy a pizza at least.
Who manufactures in PIttsburgh ???
I do!!!!
go follow because hes awesome.
Gotta get my work done so I can watch the
are you guys watching a girls night movie on exotic meat night?
nice.
Did that just last night.
Great minds think alike.
Tomorrow is grilled lamb chops!!!
: word.
I just tried it, toovery interesting.
Round 2 with the kettlebell.
We'll see who is victorious this time.
Fine, it will probably be the kettlebell again.
you forgot
Wish I could be at the paramount today to see Obama!
The pacers aite
We will properly remove the damaged windshield, seal the area in which the window sits, clean and prime the new windshield.
4144097263
takes deep breath just tryin to make it to 11:59.
I'll worry abt tomorrow when it gets here.

I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of a man to elevate his life by a conscious endeavor.
Orlando's Dwight Howard Headlines 201011 NBA AllDefensive First Team
Phil Seyer I'm hosting 2 Mammoth New Years Eve parties.
If you would like discount tickets or would like to exhibit, let me know.
Bay/Sac
ok, not running this year....
Stay tuned for 2014...
buckle your chin strap.
lol
Yes, I withdoctorw an application.
I was relieved because it wasn't one I particularly wanted and wouldn't be able to take.
Engaging bloggers is essential for Ford  they tell our story People trust people like them.
SHUP YEAH!
ita unfair how she does the words :
doctorkeSongsILove.
How many fans know that music is getting stale?
they all sound the same to me we need to hear something new.
funny Austin, but ur not gonna trick us...
My best friend is schizophrenic.!
Gosh.!
Please someone help eric.
There will be more flagship e commerce stores 
hey I miss you!
Yep been a week and a half lost 5 lbs already , well water weight ;
Ooh baby I like it, you so excited.
Don't try to hide, imma make you my Bitch.
sweet!
They are talking about that board right now!
Check out the item at the top of the board.
Woot!!
Crap.
My birthday message got garbled by the computer.
Should read Feliz cumpleaños!
Woohoo!
RT Looking forward to Summer O tomorrow.
New recruits for and other programs.
In fact, my next status would be perfect for RTing.
;
loved it!
Mac  Cheese has got to be one of the best kid foods in the world.
LMAO!
: Saying that your work is better than a lot of the SHIT thats out there is not exactly a shining credential.
OMG!
Whoa!
I Fink your Freaky!
Lol!
The guy dancing creeped me out so I turned it off halfway!
RT Hey Pittsburgh TNA TShirts Now Available at Angle Foods Health Up Cafe.
3100 Penn Ave Pitt, PA 15201
I do what I can!
Gaddafi just invoked the Branch Davidians in his insane live TV rant.
That can't be good.
it's in Middleton.
I went there last weekend.
Check out my pictures on facebook under mobile uploads!
RT Big game for the GHF supporters and were outstanding.
Love is far more complicated than the way in which it is usually perceived.
OMG that's awful!
Surveillance cameras anywhere???
Thank you!!
12:17 pm 61 out now.
The beard might be going off just 9 more degrees.
You know you got a good job when your vacation day request is approved by your manager within an hour!
Woot!
the cloud spoon rest came in the mail this weekend!
And mister Naughty cat already put a chip in it!
:
Classic!
So excited about this new tech incubator in downtown.
in the studio
BasicEconomics Printing money does not create wealth.
Wealth is created thru increased efficiencies and innovation.
Govt does neither well.
No matter you're lot in life you'll feel better about yourself after a trip to the Arrowhead Mall in Muskogee, OK  my best friend Aaron ...
Beyonce was just named Worlds Most Beautiful Woman!
It must be that new mom glow congrats CJ
Anyone else excited to hear the speech tonight?
I wonder what HailMary pass the president plans for us now.
Congrats on your 2012 listing on the IR 500 list!
Just found out my picture will be in the Business Journal for the BrewersSMIS hope my Psych professordoesn't read the paper
hah, amusing.
I like Tebow, just not a fan of Denver.
It's an awkward place to be.
Have a blessed recharging weekend.
One needs quiet downtime.
Pretty pumped.
After trading out of the first, I actually like the Broncos' day two a lot.
So Ingles was the place that you bought the Super Mario Brother's sours?
:D
Lucky for you, you have plenty of jerks to choose from!
Well said.
RT : One of the dangers of being in the wine trade is that you can end up tasting too much and doctornking too little.
Added NCompass.
Thanks!
It was a long Friday .
But to end it is by going to my school's fun fair .
After two days of no sleep and worrying, everything is okay.
Thank god she's okay.
3
wish I couldI'm in ATL but will b back in LA in 2weeks.
home sweet home and I can't wait lol
You handle your shit, I handle mines..
That way it's all god
How have you been, Tommy?
Any Good Stories or Posts you've Written today or recently worth reading at Mediaite.com?
Then they made him go away so i decided fo gef in trouble so i could be with him:  i weht to jail.
Today is NOT the day to be having focus issues...
pretty good, subscribed to ur blog looking forward to future posts.
Mark your calendars: One month from today is our 3rd Annual doctorve for Charity.
1 from every trip donated to local charities.
Just finished Warprize by Elizabeth Vaughan.
What a wonderful book!
Good Luck tomororw and the rest of the girls team!
The BlondeSkwad will be there rootin you on!
XD hah i did tell you i wasn't gonna die right?
Just got home now on oovoo with my bf I love him
thats not good!
good morning ;
poor decisions
Affirmation of the day: I claim victory.
I'm so done with school
: Kevin Na...hit the effin ball weirdo
The are looking for professorssionals to become officers within the Nat'l Guard and set themselves apart from their peers....
going home now
The Merrimac Ferry will be closed 9 a.m.
to 2 p.m.
Wednesday for routine maintenance.
WisDOT
Be careful with your words.
Once they are said they can only be forgiven, not forgotten.
Best RHCP song is probably Blackeyed Blonde...
Congrats to one of the best of the 80s/90s!
Hmm...
which book should I get started on?
I've got so much I should be doing...
i wait in four four time.
Going to my junky ass room, who wanna clean it for me?
I'm not going to that!
HA, but you can come to AZ and desert rat hunt!
Let's go Broncos!
Relatively bummed pmo2012 opendata lunch  World Bank is not to be held in its famous cafeteria.
Maybe can get me in, haha.
I know some terrific moms.
Can't name them all...but I am going to try.
Doris, Karen, Jayne, Grace, Beth, Ruth, Maggie, Mia, Karen, Kristen
What is a must have for any game room?
When my name is mentioned with a questionable link by someone I don't follow or they don't follow me.
Block or send as spam?
Was so sad to hear about WhitneyHouston, such a beautiful strong voice is now gone.nowplaying I Will Always Love You.
At the Cubs game with some pretty cool people
Who!!
RT : 73 Mike Jones with the Stop!!!
If you're hungry stop in and try our famous Quesadias for 1/2 price during our 'Dilla Tuesdays at Keystone Bar  Grill!
Stay late and enjo..
Coasters full of dirt from Citizens Bank Park...whaddya say?
YOLO  You Obviously Lack Originality.
When u start to write a book the 1st page is most difficult.
After the book is written it better be damn good or it shouldn't be
There is an offensive side of the ice too!
The peas have tainted the leftovers of the chicken  dumplings you made.
Your hero, strongly condemns.
Have I mentioned that this year's Welty Gala will be on Friday, October 21?
We're glad it's coming back to Welty Weekend.
More later.
still think it's weird and crazy that the colts have the first pick.
Crying like beez..
I miss sum1 really special to me :
: The Heat will beat whoever comes out the West, whether it's OKC, LA, or San Antonio.
I look like freaken Frankie Muniz with this new haircut i got
awe bby brought me a bunch of roses  the poinsettia i wanted!
how sweet!!
D
Download the Voxer app and add me, Caleb Brown!
In fairness, GT option uses completely different personnel, the tripopt A/B/C backs don't fit into Oregon's speed option spread
What happened to beans???
Yes, but Starbucks is giving away free sample bags of their new roast  I found 20 on the ground, so today isn't a total wash!
Are you going to get a pair to review?
Don't cry!
Just score it as an incomplete forward pass.
congrats on your win last night Eve !
So, I'm no plumber, but I am pretty sure that toilets shouldn't leak all over the floor every time you flush...
Get me out of this room.
I'm just gonna doctornk a small barrel of Brandy, Beethoven has around his neck...
I am getting the feeling this Sheen roast is about as fresh as the produce at Aldi
IN FULL EFFECT
that's all nice and well but i'm afraid to click on that URL.
skydoctorve  redir.aspx  cidgobbleygook  scary!
when will msft learn?
Naw im not getting a hair cut
Not to be mean or anything but that is just a little rude
Yello people of twitter!!
Click Like if you love Detroit techno and house music!
just saw the abdc commercial  saw you looks like you were having a blast.
RT plz
speak!
Fighting a cold laying in bed.
Tryn prevent myself from getting sick
Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless, and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and doctoradful.
Samuel Johnson
OLLU SOFTBALL: Game times today are at 2/4 p.m.
vs.
University of Houston at Victoria.
Live Stats will be available.
customer service rocks.
Friendly, no hassle instore exchange of illfitting jeans ordered online.
Plus, 30 off my purchase!
It's doctor's Bday tmister private party tmister hit me up Pluto is going in Zeek out
I will always miss you buddy
RT : Good pussy will always make a niggah cum quick fact, dats why u gottah do a round 2 fa dat ass!RT HE'LL YEA SO True
There are a lot of things being said about the Republican presidential nomination race.But boring isn't one of them!
Also tonight: we introduce two new shirt colors as well as girl tanks!
10 a piece.
Fresh run!
Think Ont Know; I Just Don't Say Nothing.
Thanks for the RT!
:
GutCheckCNN That sounds like the perfect reward for !
Oh okay .
thanks for telling me .
:  one more thing .
will we have to RSVP tickets or will we be able to by them offline
i am a belieber
sighs I do love me some coffee ALMOST as much as I love tea.
You're welcome.
Thank you for all the work you put into it.
I truly appreciate it.
OMG i am totally so addicted to Temple Run.
Yesterday I played for 4 hours straight.
:
People with low levels of antioxidants are more likely to have vision problems.
Get vitamin C, E, lutein, and zeaxanthin....
yep, condo in shirly and work at Braddock Road metro.
im back
I learned to doctorve on a model A my grandmother
4HOURS left until Boyfriend...
Oh my gosh I'm dying.
I'm so excited.
Artic Char: Smoked, Matustake Mushrooms, Pine Nut, Marshmallow
Lifelong Bronco fan here Brickster.
Solid hire by the Raiders.
Allen is sharp.
The 2 things that most teenager/ppl doctorp there cellphones or there iPods
what was the party called for msft bizspark?
salt lick BBQ?
Ha!
RT : I before E, except after stanzas in Old MacDonald.
we love you  where you go we'll follow.
Portland, Seattle, Denver, heck we'll even go to Chicago for you Matt
I did too!
Stole ur idea ; I need a moment like the WH kiss on Thurs, lol
Hello Mike !!
Are you follwoing me?
sounds lame, lol.
You not gonna have ya girl come over and help you?
How do people not acknowledge how unbelievably racist this show is.
You should love your son no matter what the sin.

Never login to twitter unless you typed url yourself.
You got hacked and need to change your passwords.

im not going to sleep until my husband is n OUR bed with me
Thank you!
Look forward to having you back and screening your doc!
feel the same way, Jonelle.
I'll never see a Red Bull without thinking of you.
A true joy ...
happy ass got some liquor
I'd say mine, but just rather not.
Vanessa know's who I'm thinking about.
;
Facebook sets IPO for May 18
YOU are the defanition of white trash, noone else..you bash on your girls for trying to meet new people..so fucking what?!
Watching Lost Girl with Viggle Mon  10PM  Syfy Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Be serious actors who want to do Comedy.
AMAZING!!!!
I needed that laugh!
You better rock that come baseball season!
lol.
Oh my god
Actually, Goodoctorader syncing with doctorpbox syncing with Mendeley is my current sweet spot.
I should have gone into education.
I mean, I kind of did.
But I'm saying, as a research and writing area.
:
Next time, the whole class will be organized as a doctorpalmediated Delphi process, and we'll blow through content like a wellhoned groupmind
RT : A special shoutout to who introduced me to the awesome Scoutlabs today!!
I LOVE it.
:
Oh, I guess DSK is a shameless sexual predator after all.
I saw a chamilion today, so i guess it was a pretty crappy chamilion.
Heading home from amazing Dallas!!
Revive going global!!
Let's do it!
almost done with the part !:D
New I,I sounds amazing.
this week perhaps?
I miss u guys!
I kno better answer my calls !!
that really sucks :/ sorry for the late reply.
:
Thanks, Jamie!
I plan on partying like it's 1999.
just kidding.
I did it!
All seems well.
happy late bday srry I didn't make it to ya party hope u had fun
If any1 has hints on landing an academic job please send them my way, I'm on the market, spending time this week getting packets out
Because it doesnt like the word ugh
For the sake of planning ahead  due to the fact my grandparents ranch has sketchy service Team Bohl wishes everyone a Merry Christmas!
the bottom line is you are an intelligent consenting adult.
The choice is yours.
Everyone else needs to let you choose.
I'm going to mexico, doctornking margaritas banging señorita's!!
I WANNA KISS ALL OF THEM!!
maybemore:
WOW, lol.
That's CRAZY!
Y'all still got that ax?
What's good
Tommy is stirring the pot.
:
To forgive is to set a prisoner free and discover that the prisoner was you
hey:D
Thank you SO much!
I'm blushing :
yes you do need a set top box as well as a 3D ready TV
Cool I'll be there this weekend b/c it is my reunion.
Woot!
Look at us, being all adulty.
FINAL SPEECH IS OVER!
I am thankful.
I have to learn how to take time to nurture my own talents before spending time nurturing others talents.
Was consensus difficult to reach?
RT : edtech2011: kids are inspired by entrepreneurs  reach out to them!
Jenny dougherty
always knew that one day, they'll try to bring me down
there were plenty of cowbells.
forgot mine at the office.
Overworked and cranky.
Tomorrow is a Me Day.
If I don't do my nails and play video games all day while eating Honey Nut Cheerios, I'm wrong.
: We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
Abt to take stage again at FunFunFun festival!!!
Azz everywhere!
: Back to Dyker Beach.
Fuhgedaboudit.
Then to Lioni's for Brooklyn's finest mozzarella, gabbagool, coffee soda.
Facebook makes you hate people you already know.
Twitter makes you love people you've never met.
Well, I'm sleepy.
:3 Goodnight, Twitter!
:D
Why is that a graduation ceremony has that one boring,pointless can not speak talks about personal/political agenda?
2012 is possibly the final year for the CLIR Hidden Collections program.
:
Might just kick out the jams this morning.
hi!
thank you for checking in : i've been buried under piles of paper  surrounded by 2nd graders whose teacher is on jury duty!
by who ?
Maybe Apple should buy Facebook.
They have enough money.
my new license plate says it all about me: RVA  ARTS because I am an art worker in RVA and proud of it!
I just wanna go back to sleep
All good Alex, thanks!
yeah, i'll let her know after the docs take more blood
morningjoe this panel bet not start talking about women's health.
It should be illegal for a panel of men to do so!
Hey Sean, I gotta go with Sonnen, and Davis.
Please Chael shut up Bisping!
Lol my mom just got carded.
SMART girl!
I'll doctorp off gimpy Goebel  Lot F and trek in on my own 2 foots.
Rising gas prices shift from bane to boon for recovering auto industry Rising gasoline prices have gone from bane to boon for the recover
Rondo cnt shoot never except wen he play us bastard
Mosquitoes eat me alive.
Skin So Soft.
no, we'll make sure you dont.
in prodcution stages now.
we'll contact you soon with details so we can all start blasting it out
I run in it all zone my team says illz go blizt
Watching the debate and missing Teddy Kennedy...
Not cool
It is soo SAD
Never be afraid to expect the unexpected...
Thinking British pancakes are good.....
Hi Brian, thank you so much for the follow.
Tres cool!
Looking forward to your tweets, comments  insights.
Cheers!
Atten: LA Artists Only, is currently booking for the weekend of April 7th.
If interested please email
Coming up on the show!Jeremy of  win a shamisterck shake
That banner gets a straight red from me.
I like it.
You guys do it right
yeah...its was a lot of fun.
Live performances n everything.
U woulda liked it.
We're structuring ours as a passive program with stations set out in our dept all day  I think we can make some of these work!
Agreed!
I decided to DVR it so I can fast forward to the good parts tomorrow!
:
Hey man.
Everything is good.
Just doing my thing.
Nice weather, sun is out.
I can't complain.
How are things your way?
You just made me think I got the text I was waiting for with that tweet :/ You are still awesome though.
you made us feel very loved  I'm just happy that your on our side ;
Round dew
Maybe next year
Ordered Chinese food.
Made it through some of my apps but couldn't even touch my sesame chicken.
Weak sauce.
ThatAwesomeMoment when you finally finish something you've been working on for weeks now!
Astrology is my pick to win the Preakness
Do you ever feel tired?
Lisa when are you coming to Dallas?
I know its soon.
You are my birthday present this year!
You were great: as ever, a motivational speaker of passion, clarity,  wit.
Metalevels galore TFO  date.
Happy landings  home.
doing great.
nervous about my first live show later tonight.
but it will be fine.
Thanks, pants of awesomeness!
thinking that my 1st tattoo may be
omg, thats so far.
Are you moving closer to the stage?
I've defended him because of his bat.
I can't do it anymore.
His glove is more of a liability than his bat is a benefit.
I guess i'm celebrating my bday again  GoodLifeSaturdays !!!
Guy at the SFGiants game reached across his wife and baby to grab a foul ball.
Bounced off his hands to deck below.
Wife displeased.
Incredible Pizza is crazy on the first Saturday of month.
I won't make that mistake again.
Cheap food and every kid in the world plus mine.
awww ABDC6 finished now i gotta wait till 10 for ABDC7 ;D
thinks FourSquare sounds terrifying, and will not be joining that one any time soon.
Follow back?
:
Lol I mean Jerry haha Im using the iPad it
lol thats good how do you like college.?
A cookie from Levain Bakery is all I need for a perfect day!
And its so big it pretty much lasts all day!
The Milwaukee99 is just hours away!
Follow us on Twitter for pictures from the event Doors open at 6PM
no problem!
its true!
where are you from?
england lose 3 strikers in friendlyh against slovakia: heskey, cole and crouch.
calling little mickey.
why are the people at NA so........
weird ?
u guys know what I'm talking about
It seem like some ppl brush their teeth n forget about the tongue 0o
I wear 5 earrings going up each ear and they are all ball studs.
They poke my skull if I try to sleep with them!
no fuck off
Be only on for a short,check my latest followers , FB many and clean up, will tweet more tmorrow.
If you recently followed Dm for FB!
all of my family's funerals end up with laughter.
assuming the person died at a ripe old age, as they all seem to.
If you don't need them to be frugal, you can still use them
I am
I know, i don't hold grudges.
I will be happy for her and be there for her still.
I do deserve better than what i had.
According to Elias: Ryan Braun is the first player to hit three homers and a triple in a game since Fred Lynn did it for Boston on 6/18/1975
Not sure why restaurants insist on wrapping my leftovers in a tin foil ugly duckling.
happy new year chica!
Hope it was a good'un!
Let me know about ur trip to new York!
No, when Obama does it we call it evolving, not flip flopping.
Half a billion dollars just collided at first owners, you can breathe now.
Mirrors are a small apartment's best friend.
YAY :D passed the french test woot woot and passed the speaking part too YAY :D
That would be appropriate, for sure.
They actually did play at the Tractor a couple of years ago, for 20 people.
I was one.
haha but it is probably somewhere else tho
o well text me later
I'm Chomping at the Bit to start My new diet  workout Training Regimen!
Nothing but Oldschool hardcore  Heavy lifting!
gypt suffers a loss of 90 mn owing to Internet blockage
I can't even imagine what people did at red lights before cellphones
A Coffee Talk with Linda Richman reference?
Fantastic.
maybe your eyelashes are just too sticky.
Have you considered that?
Hm?
if you could create the most poular sport ever what would it be?
Soccer with a two point line or UFC with explosions?
comes back in from checking corner nope, still no one out there with swagga like us.
thank you for guiding us on this Rapturous journey despite all manner of obstacles!
so...
are you guys gonna bring Stephanie Brown back, or am I going to have to doctorp more books?
Thanks for the RT!
R.I.P.
Dorothy Height, the godmother of the Civil Rights Movement.
She led the National Council of Negro Women for 40 years.
shut up lmaooo
MGG  Minnesota's Greatest Generation.
Sorry had to twitterize it to fit it in the tweet.
suppose I were that desperate, would it be wrong to leave the kid in the kennel with the dogs?
outside, of course.
We just got word that there will be Live Video along with the live audio courtesy of Doane as advertised previously.
Links on our site soon.
yea bro its been too long
WOW!
That was close!
!!!found my phone!!!
Would have pissed me off to lose all that stuff!!
ihatetechnology :
Surge in senior cosmetic surgery
That reminds me of how Tony Schivonne on WCW always used to say Hogan has the hardest hands in this business!
Hanging out on with Fully Focused radio and my band
The 40 minute delay on the MARC Penn Line really topped off this perfect day.
Note the sarcasm.
People I like/admire want to FreeChrisLoesch and while I don't know why that is, I trust them.
Country???
time to put the Heat game back on.
i love when im out  i see advertisements of Battleship up : cant wait
This is a scary bottom three tonight 
Thank you for replying to my inquiry.
Please keep me in mind for any social media/marketing positions.
Thanks again!
oh dear.
I'm afraid I'm speechless...
Will pick u up something nice for the next time we hang; red or white?
HAHA That was so incredibly funny.
That Feeling : yea that one that make you Smile and Shake!
Only 2 classes today
I've been on HOLD with ATT for 34 minutes.
What a great way to be introduced to a company
you don't know uhoh, you don't know your BEAUTIFUL !
Yup haha looks like your favorite man is starting off the show :D
a what???????
Terrible news.
I'll bet he's led a pretty interesting life....
I never understood Usher's Climax video until now....3
Affordable fullfeature dental chair system grabs markets attention
An If Play He Go To Heaven lol DC BALLY GAME
Pumped!
bring the word today at
were listening to ourselves, always, but is prolly better than us.
; love those guys.
Thanks for the RT!
See you on Friday for the event!?
love your jingle.
You know I hate you, why are you trying?!
Don't even look in my direction.
The days of digging into a site to find media are over
In same talk he also showed a grid for how he distributed collectibles in The Simpsons Game.
He makes everything look good.
Some of the best hs memories of mine have been spent with courtney, chels and jenny.
Ill never forget those good times.
Silly curiosity only lds folks will get, Pls report when u hear quotes of Ann Romney oped on Motherhood in a talk on Sunday
I can only imagine what Vinny's thinking, right now.
Damn could have won the bucciovertimechallenge picked Ponikarovsky but it was too late.
I love my life!!
okay give me a time and a phone number
1.50 off an issue or subscription to The Rag all week long using code: CYBERMONDAY at checkout.
I want to win Snooki swag  read GorillaBeach from because snooki is going to be one great mommy/wife.
Supporting my grl!
Is anyone alarmmed at the sudden reports to push off preventative medicine for women so insurance/government can make more ching up front?
OMG OMG ALEX RTED ME OMG OMG OMG.
I NEVER EVEN NOTICED.
OMG I CANT BELIEVE THIS.
He never followed me though.
How dare he.
Love him anyway!
Aha My Twin Be Pulling 17 Nd 18 Year Old Cause She Look 17
My English class is so boring!
They are not even teaching us English, I dont know what this is.
is San Jose cruising
Thank u God for each day u give n all the love u show amen
Well that was legit!;D
ouu Ohio?
nice andaha we got lucky we barely got any snow this year :P
Have faith in me.
i think jisc's dev8d did something similar with rfid
Thank YOU!
Your talk was thoughtful, meaningful and beautiful.
Just like how all great UX should be!
thanks Marcos!
We are really excited!
Feels great to be born!
I just noticed you had over 1 million followers : Congradulations!
looking forward to ur set tonight at !!
my coffee with chocolate soy is excellent!
How's your bev?
previoustweet until we can doctorft another quarter back or find one in free agency later.
Shoot...
Didn't see this in time.
Not sure we know much off 9094 anyway...
Sorry.
:
Woo hoo!!!
I got a scholarship :D
that's wssp !
I better get a BIG copy d ima give you d shay a copy of the pictures I took
Listening to Some Nights by Fun.
and find the lead singers voice to be strangely reminiscent of Freddie Mercury's...which means, I like it!
a bad night turned into a GREAT night!!
i love the bandd!!
She doesn't know this yet but is my new marketing guru!
She is the best.
Do yourself a fav and follow her!
Hi Vania RT you are old
as someone who still has the settop box, will it still be supported, or will it get phased out?
Oh nice, the Senate eliminated due process!
What other freedoms can we get rid of?
If I had a dollar for everytime I heard a dude talk about his dick , I be rich 
'Conformity is the jailer of freedom and the enemy of growth.' John F.
Kennedy
Ha, you are still on.
Love it.
A late goal from Valencia and Liga and CL might be have Clasico deciders.
Just brilliant all around
nice segue there....
Always good to share some virtual wine with friends  others
ahh yes, whoring yourself out to the Trump media storm for 910 is totally worth it, especially in the name of charity.
Yeah.
How boss is Kevin Steen??
Side note.
no kidding but God i love it.
; the sad thing i took a quiz and Im most like Adoctoran!
Which of our services would you most like to receive as a gift?
Watch for on 19NewsNightcast She allows us into her home for a health inspection.
Food Safety and You.
Don't miss it.
We just be cooling it...
We ain't going steady ;
Jamie and Maren are available for keynote speeches, conference presentations, seminars or small group meetings.
The modern meeting is special on making better meetings
Good luck to all the Fitness NM Competitors!
All of you are inspiring and amazing!
lmao its fine :
lol yeah he mines too..
But Knicks ain't built for it yet
overoptimization  anything ranked above me.
tough Q but I am happy to consult.
Now Dig This!
at The Hammer is one of my top picks.
yea totally that's what's up
Moms Tryna Stuff Me With My Last Home Cooked Meals For Now  for Once In My Life I'm Not In The Mood To Eat......
ALMOST AT 300 FOLLOWERS!
HELP US GET THERE!
PLEASE RT
Really sorry to hear this, we had it here w/Fourmile Canyon Fire.
Hoping for rain/wind shift.
Do u have P2, P3 bombers?
hey doctorpal folks  what's your favorite irc client for mac?
thank you!
You are the best!
:
thats my point for saying them too for funnyness nd laughs
Apparently a bunch of DOL employees decided to all go to lunch or something
I just wanted to sleep a little.
One selfish dude, no pun intended, shouldn't have deprived me of such.
aight cool.
If you know any artists who want to collab, send them my way
He may yell at me and be dissapointed at times but ill always be his lil gurl
proud of the ones who show up without being called, and serve without being asked!
Those are the real ones!
It is not a day for weak tea.
GoDaddy ad: Give Mom flowers, then surprise her with a website.
????
I don't think so.

good luck finding a place
The gov is more on top of things in the movie.
I liked their incompetence in the book
Spa day where she can relax b/c that sister doctorps those babies off for free babysitting all the time!
Can you see what happens the 1st time Sanchez has a bad game.
The back pages of NYC would explode!!
Ans: because she does not know what she is talking about.
Thank you for sharing Daniel!
wait...
adam scott the actor?
who gives a crap about golf?
step brothers rocked!
Sometimes life gives u the opportunity 2 put things in perspective.
When those opportunities arise, seize them.
I'll be there about 2
Waiting for that Loiter Squad to come on.
OMFG My mom just called me a wetback..
We're getting more in for the start of Spring Training!
Keep your eyes peeled!
Sometimes you just need to bounce out of work early on a Tuesday and enjoy happy hour.
2for1 til 7:00 and Jam for Jam tonight!
Would love for you to take a look at if you have any folks with speechtherapy needs!
Mobile education for life!
Do any of you guys have prom this weekend?
Spotted on Monument Circle: the skateboarding bulldog is back!
wussup my dude??
s/o to !!
happy birthday :
Late night bag of popcorn?
lmao I know then he just Chillin in the grass.
What's the best iPad app for Pinterest?
Agree w/ inre: suggestion of 1/50th engagement.
Twitter  facebook or conference line.
Hell yeah!
Thanks that's so awesome and yeah we love those dudes!
can't believe it's almost may!!

I took your words straight to heart and am going to move on a project i've been too scared to do.
Will update!
3 u!
Did U ever apologize for your part in the CultureOfCorruption or just pretend it never happened?
Took a leap of faith, thinking I'd crash and burn.
But you caught me, showing me another side.
:
Who watches anime?
Did you know we have Anime Nights on Thursdays?
Yup, Thursday!
Go Follow:
Can a comedy be gritty?
We're sure gonna try!
Working on the script right now.
Like Apatow vs Robert Siegel
alright young jeezy
I find it borderline creepy when people talk to their pets
Agreed and agreed!
I know and you are welcome
yea but u said they told ur mom that u get to meet them
The point when you are BEYOND PISSED !
Congrats on your upcoming wedding!
You're in AZ now?
My brother is a pastor who works in urban ministry in south PX.
Take care!
1 batch can be done in an evening so let me look through my calendar and get some dates
Live so that when your childoctorn think of fairness and integrity, they think of you.
H Jackson Brown Jr.
If his agents are the reason he passed on doing Dancing With The Stars, Cruz has just cause for dumping them.
Q5 as with many things...
It depends on the SME.
lol is it cold over there
Oh please!
You have several in your closet.
You just haven't visited that room in a while.
my heart bleeds for you RT : Nope  still in Hawaii.
Have fun!!
All the way down in Puerto Rico!
holy shit we love you.
babysitting my cousin lol
: You've stolen a street sign for fun.
smalltownproblems and traffic cones.
I pack and pack and pack and pack and yet more packing awaits...all this before I can begin the doctoraded last cleaning before moving out.
Heading out to Seattle startup doctornks
Oops!
It's Tuesday.
Wishful thinking I guess.
I LOVE ME!!!!!!!
Im conceided i gotta reason
harshwinkler391 Thanks for the follow!
Apparently that giant silence I hear is all my gamer friends playing Diablo 3
i think Blake, hill and Barnes give us a chance..Odom shoulda never left.now look at him
I'm doing well!
Looks like today is a rainy crap day though.
What did you guys get up to yesterday?
We're looking for additional landlords to test doctorve our product and give feedback!
Do you have a vacancy currently or coming soon?
life is like a garden , you never end up where you started .
Picking my best friend in the world up at the airport.
Good bye sleep for 7 days.
most of the responses have agreed w that.
i wonder how much editing has 2 do w it.
rt Vienna of course!!!
umm..hi :3 please respond hoping you read this...
Or DM me por favor?
:D
I could never choose between Jason Lancaster  Derek Sanders
Stop talking crap to acting like a harda on twitter..
Will you aren't.
Reverse sushi happy hr with my dtla gal
Got excited that National Kiss Day was trending up, til I realized it wasn't national KISS day.
Surely, the ghost of Gene Simmons is weeping
Twitter is growing on me.
so the bleach anime is being cancelled on tv.....FUCK MY LIFE!!!!!!
I probably will but i dont even care lol  RT : LMFAO hope u can breathe!
So jealous!
Steamboat is my favorite place.
I think this storm came from that direction, so you should be set.
Have fun!
: I hate that  and I hate having to buy custom cut mats at 20 bucks a pop to make up for it.
nows the part of the doctorft where im like shut up roger.
Davey says Leon will catch Detwiler tonight and next Det start
fail i owe you !
trust me, that bowl pulled.
but the next will be better ;
well that's better than nothing!
Lol :
I can't wait!
Lomille is my favorite storyline : I think you are both hilarious!
So decided she is living with me when it gets close to my due date !
Bob Marley  The Wailers  Get Up, Stand Up  12:48 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
I doctornk the sugar free one now too!
I'm blogging right now :
If Charlie Rose and Charles Manson had a baby, it would be Bill Hader.
whats worse, the Yankees losing or writing a paper about an Emily Dickinson poem?
yall are jammin today!
Love it!
I don't want to get out the car!
Lol!
Lmfao!
My mom would too RT : My mama woulda slapped my soul outta my body if I would call her a motherfucker
Back to tomorrow, !
More tips to your teens on working with their younger reading buddies!
Black people as a race we need to
oh so it's ok for Chris Brown to go it but not me?
Fresh on second mortgage home equity loan: Vid 5 ?
Ice Giant 99 ?
?Gamble?
Completely
Let me throw in some of this.
still  don't piss off the mayor.
Not a good move for anything.
It's freezing in the studio today
Jam's lead has been cut to 10 points by the 66ers..
7464 with 4:08 left in the third period
Abo to get up and get some money!
haha we were just talking about your name changes lol!!!
3 you nina
Breakfast in a cup  if you enjoy these recipes, take a moment to and share with us one of your favorite healthy recipes.
use the...
SignsOfCheating the student looking down at his pants during the test
At London Pub, doctornkin' cider and listening to Rex sing.
who could ask for more?
FOLLOW ME BACK:
6am call time with an hour and 1/2 ride.....
Im so excited for her, it doesn't even matter!
happy!
Yum.
Alfred hitchcock.
Never seen suspicion.
Lovin cary grant as usual
What's even more sad are the douche bags submitting the pictures to the account.
Grow up.
ok, you've just made winestorming our new favorite word!
Good luck  can't wait to see the results!
Jim Harrick.
UCLA
.
Seriously, Anderson?
Still giving air to the tired bithers?
in theory Keaton has signed on ...
it all depends on the script that's delivered  when it's gonna be made.
Too much coffee gives me heart burn.
Take a heart burn pill and wash it down with coffee.
123 days until college football kicks off!
You're welcome!
: Stay tuned for a recap blog of Day 2 for those who aren't at
Next In Line For The Throne  BAM!!!
Trouble is a friend.
Hello my brother how are you?:
Perhaps advocate with wisdom.
Yes, employment is important!
Nathan Ryan Ninjas 3
Heading to puertovallarta in March  have any suggestions of cool things to check out?
How's everyone doing?!
:
can not wait to have the weekend off :
Thx for love, coming to ATL shortly!
Cute idea for wedding registry, for restaurant gift cards!
foodieregistry.com
Shut up, I knew that it was a song though.
Lol!
yep..,dude you got it!
i basically inhaled my food.
Headed to dinner.
Do you know how easy it is to get ready without 3 childoctorn and a husband ?!?!
Got my skype fix w/ J tho!
YAY!
I need to go shopping!
I prefer to be called a grrl.
That's pretty great!
Haha
Nope, he sure the hell doesn't!!
lol I would have loved to go on any of the naval ships esp the haunted one!!
lol
I got the modem provisioned for you.
Can you confirm when you get a chance?
Brian, any chance you could snap a pic of either you and/or the winner of the basket and send it to me?
Jaime forgot to take 1
Anyone know of someone who can replace the cracked screen on my laptop?
Apple is trying to charge me 500.
I could get a new comp.
for that.
Communication is everything.
Understand the art of listening  watch the walls of defensiveness disappear.
The Spools are taking the stage!!
send me a pic when u do
Thanks for the shoutout, Virgil.
4/21National surprise doctorg test day
awesome night at relay for life!
i don't have your number text me lol 7408194909 :
I don't know who they'd trade up for though
hey!
Im tweeting u off of my dads phone:
There's a time to tweet and a time to watch.
Madonna is a time to watch.
KILLED IT!
Talk about an entrance!
being a Pack fan, I dislike all things Vikings, but LOVED your snitch comments.
Well said.
Bravo!
fantastic weekend with the gang in vt.
way more snow than expected.
we are blessed.
such thing as Grill Dimon
okayy , you know you should follow me lol
WV2011  If you could set any resolution for the State of West Virginia, or its people, what would it be?
: Then why did we execute Japanese for waterboarding during WWII?
My teacher thinks we care about his stories.
They have nothing to do with the lesson.
Stop talking and get on with notes.
Hi Shannon!
Thanks for the compliment, shoutout.
TGIF.
:
Life can only be understood backward, but it must be lived forward.
Kierkegaard
Wonderful as always!
:
You bet, Daniel.
Keep up the great photos  content.
Fish on!
Our hip tweet deciphering skills tell us you think we're great.
Well, we think you're pretty fabulous too.
I love you, but I'm not worth loving.
: Thanks for this.
Looking through my friends list now...
If all else fails, I'll use it on my mom.
She'd laugh.
out  www.bartweet.com
Don't let what foolish people say fool you.
Imma GoDer regardless yadadamean?
put me in booth : I see you ice
haha yes!
Btw I love your icon!
:D
Thanks Sara!
We wouldn't be awesome without our kickass users though!
he was closed for a few days, but he's back up and running now!
usual caveat though to check his twitter feed to make sure
Ok, straight up: what if your backlog is full of crud?
Don't shy away from acquisitions b/c of backlogs.
This Russian Trade Route Cuts The Distance Between Europe And Asia In Half via
ya but at least they're minority.
Gov, both Us Senators, US Rep all favor marriage equality.
US Rep from Boulder  Gay
when i first saw BTR I watch it in Polish translation,ur voice was so funny,You really should hear ur polish voice :D ;
Need an idea for a Valentine's Day gift?
Gift cards from Audible Images are a great gift.
Call 4123674888 to get yours.
when?!
Lol we should go to dc.
No one goes to their games!
Have your employees been trained on accessibility legislation regarding service animal access rights in public places?
Happy Leap Year Beautiful People.
Attn Ladies!
Today is the only day you can propose to me so Git er done if you want this Chocolate
Is there someone God would have you honor with a special gift this year?
Pray thoughtfully about that question and then do as God leads.
I try so hard, and get so far, but in the end..
it doesn't even matter.
The legend of Jordan strikes again RT : Jordan especially post baseball Jordan torched by smaller guards
...
Holy Cow we are freeking out over here at AZHG!
Woot for KFMA DAY!
Thanks for the RT's!!!
GREATLY Appreciate it!
:
Really annoyed with all national media bashing Bo Ryan.
Mich just did the same thing with Smotrycz and no one cared
One day ill figure out how to sync my Facebook with my Twitter smh
debating it.
I don't want to get my ticket until like a month or so from now.
have EDC  camp bisco tix
rock.
star.
What were you looking for?
I tend to think of myself as a good realtor.
Jason from Proper Realty Group 6177563029.
Thank you.
Be there tomorrow section 218, go pats, go wes!
theres nothing wrong with being gay but I cant stand gay dudes who think its ok to disrespect girls
DPLA will be complementary, not competitive.
Oh, Julia.
How are you going to run from yourself and run after your husband at the same time?
Do you think there are any moms that force their kids to play soccer just so they can be soccer moms?
Its a pretty prized position.
FF NM peeps who make stuff happen:
Goodnight everyone
calculated risks....
but high none the less.
Real talk.
RT : Happy Friday!
I auto follow back everyone.
Follow me and retweet this if you need more followers
Good luck.
They have lots of stuff that is not Vietnamese or Chinese there.
Let me know if you find it.
Sounds interesting.
I could work for you and you could run for me :
Just found out I'm part Argentinian
Should have had Morgan try to bunt for base hit and make Rhodes and Pujols do something
Why the hell did I not study for this AP test!!!
oh thank you!
So great to see you!
Looking great rockin' the mubb hat  sweats!
please tell me you caught Jenna's mostly unintelligible meltdown on
fuck'n with some z's and those s's with the slashes thru em...
I saw The Fighter this weekend and enjoyed it.
Bale was awesome.
I've seen 2 of the best picture nominees for Oscars.
What is ur pick?
Hope things change soon!
I prefer the company of peasants because they have not been educated sufficiently to reason incorrectly
I wish I could afford to have brunch everyday.
hahaha yeah like in the store ya hooker ;
Let it be known: Sean Hiller thinks Fred Durst is a sympathetic guy.
I'm melting in this sauna right now
Childoctorn have entered 'Rio' phase of development.
Its all tropical birds now...
Salute to  , I remember them coming down to CAU doctorpping knowledge in my dorm room.
me either you think i aint got my card they bullshittin lmfao
UCantBeToughAndSay i'm scared of the dark
Ugh fireworks got me feeling like I got PTSD.
Heading downtown for viewing of hdcam transfer, hopefully it's complete.
Music  your voice make everything better incl.
my knee!!
Listening to you every chance I get.
You've been wearing me out!
:
askvinny WITH FLASHING LIGHTS ARE YOU COMING TO KANSAS CITY IN JUNE!?
kaythxbye.: oh, mention my name, PLEASE?
It feels like haven't tweeted in a long time.
I hate when my wife does spring cleaning.
It takes 5 years!
please follow me!
:
Very excited for next weeks Festival.
Definitely.
Can't wait to catch up!
Perfect beach day with and Morgan!!
You would think that, since I've talked to before I wouldn't chicken out tonight...
But no such luck.
And they all lived happily ever after.
And I'll call him Papa BemDog.
Anything for my Lebanese cousin : Have a great weekend!!!!
RT That's Awesome .
I want to go up.Please I'm trying to go again
thanks for the rt
Youth planner argues that we should be looking  more than HS grad rate as indicator of success.
Oh good.
They're fixing the sidewalk at the trolley station downstairs so instead of train noises we get jackhammer noises.
Great little video.
I love your dogs.
You do good work.
first.
world.
problems.
RT : FF a quartet of quality for your Follow Friday pleasure.
Aww!
haha ive played forever, I just figure I'd finally quit mooching everyone else's frisbees
I am very glad to hear that, my friend!
I wish more ppl were able to savor life!
What?!
Some bim just unfollowed me.
It's just at the limit.
Resend on Monday, it'll be cleared out by then
when you talked to me ;
Was on div 4 Broadcom  Aliso viejo but they moved 2 div 5 so i'm looking for a team and I play at shoot to score on Tuesdays
Well done to the 2011 Peru Program students that raised over 2k for the Peru Project last week!
We are so glad you are enjoying your stay with us, Sonya!
If you need anything, feel free to tweet us.
Thnk I'm Fina Gt Rid Of Sprint Too Many doctorpped Calls Goin Ta Att Or Back Ta Cricket
doctorfts Test!
Really nice so far!
I had a good time there.
This problem is happening on all of our Macs.
I had a suspicion that it wasn't an isolated occurrence.
Don't ever say your not good enough because if he can't see how beautiful you are,then he's the one who's not good enough.
If I didn't know better I'd say you are at Toulouse Petit.
same here.
Let me know where you end up going!
Well take some celebratory shots!
Hello, thanks for the follow!
Bridal Tweet is an amazing site, so supportive!
RT : Diversity is valuable to an organization only when people feel free to bring those differences to work.
From Rule 27...
We've reached the point in this work meeting that I'm agitating to go to the baseball game.
Morrison: I spoke with Carkeek and she said we need to find out where the funds will come from.
I think it's about 8 million.
Hanging out with the sick wife working and watch Jerry Springer.
Good Times.
If You Want Me To Follow You Just Ask !
: Lol 
iCBallers where we play.develop.succeed.
Good morning tweeps!
Still ray on keys at my bday?
Hmm
Okay I listened to this song by your band last night, and you guys are awesome!!
I am now a Fan!
3
As a 10 min/game back upmaybe.
RT : Should the jazz go after Jeremy Linsanity this off season
actaully I need to get a copy  couldn't down load it
Monroe adds a run and leads Edgewood 31 in the top of the sixth
Summer is finally here!
Are you ready for summer?
Check out all the latest trends at www.beltsdirect.com
I just need a fresh new start  I think this apt is goin do it for me!
ICanHonestlySay I'm not single.
I'm simply in a long  standing relationship with fun and freedom!
:D
I also think there would be a lot of choices, but I haven't found one yet.
Is that really called a workout?
6.4?
I burn that sleeping RT : FACT: Kissing burns 6.4 cals a minute...
wanna work out?
;
Bye, bye flannel sheets.
Hello Tshirt sheets.
Gosh, this movie is good.
I love how they're all talking over each other.
The banter reminds me of my favorite books.
u have too much faith in me;
RT Tomorrow will cohost Blogchat how to balance personal  professorssional on blog!
8pm CT/ Jessica is awesome!
They say hard work pays off...Yes that is true but when yo body say Rest, which are you going to listen to...Your body or Society???
Disney Characters On Ice This Weekend
Hernandez can't link up like Berb!
OK folks, I making a playlist of disco tracks that have been sampled in house/hiphop/etc tracks.
Holla at me with recommendations.
ha, true.
There was a festival in NY last year, can't remember the name, but it wouldve had the Sioux facepalming it.
Lol morning all.
I'd blurt out ILOVEYOUFOREVERANDYOUHAVEBEENMYINSPIRATIONFORTHEPAST5YEARSANDSTILLMYNUMBERONE
No words.
: Zuckerberg could spend 300k per day for next 80 years before running out of dough.
D 2tuday dhee last day in BLACK HISTORY MONTH.!
this time tomorrow you'll be in your last exam before FL!
One of my teachers was listening to pandora radio today  We Owned The Night comes on  everybody starts singing!
loveit :
Many thanks to my website reviewers  you rock!
Hotness!
RT : I'm down.
Tutu and an inhaler.
I'm gonna be so cool :
Eat cookies theyre good for u
Happy Geek Pride Day to all my geeky friends!
You know who you are...
Hey Will everything is great, and how are you?
Yes.
Are you?
ok..
so maybe Im procrastinating by being online..
I'm also gonna cry cus I'm not going to WangoTango today!!!!
:
my pleasure
hahahahaha NICE!
I gotta watch that again!
Diggin' the Michelob Ultra Bars of the Marathon takeover on today.
Very visual  timely.
It made me go to the
for a bachelorette party?
yes, a guest.
the wedding party doesn't pay for the entire thing, guests are supposed to contribute...
We want to know what you're doing this weekend.
Post it on facebook.com/newplex.
A one stop shop for the latest haps in the hood
i get dat white boi money
Even though I'm dead tired all day every day, I can never go to sleep when it comes time..
Our Bread of the Week is Tuscan!
Get your Tuscan loaves 40 off today!
Available at both our Downtown Library  Hillsboro Village locations!
Hi, my name is David I volunteer at an underground venue The Orphanage.Can you send out a correspondent?7738075157
Call me old fashion, but I'm a simple man, I enjoy getting stoned and watching Star Wars..
From yesterday, , this tweet's for you!
I use olive oil nearly every time I cook, love it.
The article you shared about cold pressed, virgin, light, etc was great!
Yeah, we just changed our boat rules.
Everyone must wear a life jacket at all times because of exactly that.
Great rebounding by the Clipper guards!
Clutch free throws by the Red, White and Blue crew!
excellent!
Can you call me sometime this week to discuss?
We're trying to organize a warof1812 editathon here in Baltimore  I'd love to see a similar event in Canada.
Any interest?
does the Hanover Grand on 6 Hanover Street in London still exist?
Can't find a current website and phone number is out of service too!
:
doctorving from NM yesterday I listened to A Brave New World through my car stereo via texttospeech on the Kindle.
It seemed appropriate.
Off work and exhausted!!!
honestly, I just want the whole order canceled.
Your product doesn't work.
and you've wasted too much of my time today.
Hello twitter world
I don't think that's what he meant.
Funny though.
oh yea!
glad you liked it!
i have it on preorder!
;
: u performing out there too?lol ant going to that shit
I need a vacation.
Did the Kodak Theater really change it's name to the Dolby Theater???
Always great to chat with you, Traci
Now is a good time to take a nap : 
lol ..that's Roger Clemens for you smh ...threw his wife under the bus..
what's up
Girl ran away from home, is running red lights along Butterfield Stage Road with police in tow.
Sony would know best bwahahahaha
Ill erase you like I doctorw you, bitch.
Looking forward to rolling with the tonight!
Bar crawl through the starting at the Village Idiot at 7
Happy Friday dolls!
3
that's the girl that farted!
Tomorrow morning at 9:00 am.
Good Luck!!
Thanks for the RT
Who wanna gimme a parking spot tomorrroooo?????
Just finished up practice, about to head to and so should you!!!!
Just reactivated my workbased Facebook account.
Will I become a social media megaqueen, or will I forget to check it like I did last time
I need someone to clap for me...
E.
Badu
looks like i am back!!!
thank you twitter!!
and my PLN for your support !!
night :p
It's funny to be so hungover that you have to turn the brightness down on your iPhone.
omg I must have my musicians bracelet!!!
I don't think I can breath another second without it!
why must it be so cold in my room
Great seeing you again tonight: ALOHA!
I'd like to think we'll move beyond SM as a mere reflection of our physical spaces.
thanks for live tweeting at the conference :
Can't Recover Asset Pricing?
Hey everyone, how r u all doing?!?
S/O to our new followers DL our Earth People EP and catch us at
I never understood why a girl would be a dime that's top of the the line little waist with a big behind if dimes are so small.
IM 20 AN NEED MONEY, IM ON THAT PAPER CHASE BRO CASE U DIDNT KNO ...GET AT ME
what the?
Lol
I was on the hunt for margaritas!
Did he fight you for extra leg room?
yes am aware and was not being serious.
:.
Come on its Saturday!
my faborote song was dtummer boy
Live Gratefully
Good day ;
check it out RT: Just found a woman on that named her son
what do you think of Bruschi's claims?
going for over 2000?
I don't think it's crazy...
Who's got the biggest smile of the morning?
Your bro has his fight soon right?
How u been?
Watching 's Face Off with and No chance this fight will be worth the 60 payperview price tag.
love ur flow would love to meet up with u if u still in the A
will do!
They say Hate is a strong word, bit isn't Love an even stronger word..
And then there was the time that I went to Richmond in February and it was 70 degrees.
I credit
hip hop is alive.
Remember its not just music its a movement
I used to think that I was more full of myself than anyone around until I met you...
conceitedmuch?
I know the feeling...

Thanks for the follow!
Let us know if we can be of service to you.
Great web design at a affordable price.
www.gostudiogreen.com
Do you do much with mobile or are you more on the social side?
that's awesome, I'll shoot you guys an email but like I said, it won't be for a while.
Glad to know you guys would be down tho!
Wow.
Yeah, that's a lot of transformering.
Get that boy on Game of Thrones, and quick.
Well it is that time of the year.
Better start training.
Hey just sent you a FB message re a web series.
Friend of
Never say you can't achieve your goals.
Simply say I presently struggle with.
Change your perspective, changes everything.
Temperature in Arizona 90 degrees.
Temperature in the ILC 0 degrees.
When is finals over?
I'd be content with flying cars.
Steve Harvey is a great Family Feud host
Right back at you!
RT FF NBA Playoffs 
have you checked out today?
our boy is the new default on their page :
If paid their fair share in taxes, we'd have over 20 billion to spend on putting people back to work!
history and memory, memory and history...I hope I remember anything after 1000 pages...Kammen and Blight
Gotta love our grads.
gotta love 'em.
gotta support 'em.
gotta serve somebody.
serve our grads this thurs at GradCeremony.
90 lafayette 7PM
TWKD that is so true, and good thinking
Good ol days
Let's talk Telly.
Bezels, thinness, thickness, 3D, hues, web.
What do you love and/or hate about your big box of broadcasted goodness?
If I want a full time job as a graphicdesigner who should I talk to?
Wants to organize focus group of Baltimore leaders in academics, service, business etc for scholarship program; message for more info!
Lmao dude in front of me jus told the lady in doctorve thru his car gne run hot waitin on her.
Smh
I dont do well with takin risks and this is about to be one.
FWD: : This week we are putting the 'promo' together for the new video!
Can you hear the coming verse,reverberate throughout the earth?
Just say the word,don't be deterred, NOW is the time to CHANGE THE WORLD
Waking up with King 5 for Tacoma clients.
just registered to play 8 tournaments starting in 13 mins...
Gonna get my bars run for the first time in 3 weeks!
I can already see the crap lining up to exit my head!
Hey eye see you Symphony Crack T Coming soon : 
You the boss, you you you the boss
Why, hello!
I would totally be ok with getting a massage everyday for the rest of my life ..
My body feels like jell
There is no antiMitt.
Mitt, Newt, Santorum, Perry, Huntsman, Bachmann, Cain, Pawlenty, Roemer, Obama are the antiPaul/liberty candidate.
going out!
Haha idk exactly where but where r u goin?
I know that feeling.
And that book had a way of transporting me somewhere else.
It's the return of Gold Coast's Finest to the Gold Coast!
Ooh I like it!
Nice work
Waiting to go in..
Its friday for ya boy.
are those your famous rice krispie treats?
Nice!
Very Nice!
what was it like when you first met each other?
Medeco eCylinder remote programming eliminates the need for the key holder to interface directly with the door!
With the final reg 408 if you don't make a real effort to disclose in 90 days you will be fired  David Levine
YAAAY!!
We fell asleep lastnight with the front door open, Mark fell asleep on the floor...
haha
Any thoughts on why the city opted to build instead of buy?
We can't change the world unless we change ourselves
Brain/Lunch break : over  back to the Methods of Madness that's the foundation for my path to success of achieving my goals..my doctorams
welcome back!
thank you everyone for a gr8 night!!!
I love that when next to you plays on my phone it goes Dj Cuff Your Chick
Follow me on Instagram:  same as Twitter
why the sad face??/:
HAHA that ones is funny.
Haha.
Now I'm having a giggle fit
Srsly.
A oneway ticket to Oz ...
How can you tell when a doctormmer is at your door?
The knock gets faster.
i'm doing ONE DIRECTION ships on my Tumblr if anybody wants one.
i'm bored.
:
I know  I appreciate it, just been really busy  of course i'm just giving you shit.
We are moving to Las Vegas.
We are excited to review your new book, just send it along.
Lol..
Yeah I guess over a year is Quick :
Governor Dayton proposes Advisory Group to look for ways to improve transportation in the state
motherhood, writing, the life of the mind.
discuss.
The music for Felicity on Netflix streaming is different than the original music for the show.
I don't like it.
it's alright.
Enjoy time with family.
Bulls will get that ass on Tuesday.
The answer to life's problems aren't at the bottom of a bottle, they're on Facebook!
Totally agree that youth is wasted on the young
For serious: she's 1 of the most hardworking ppl I know: In the plot twist of the century, the valedictorian was homeschooled.
No matter who you are, everyone of us a star, inflame thyself in prayer, invoke often....Love is the Law
I'm swinging in the rain.
Just swinging in the rain
Thanks so much for attending the event!
We are so glad you could make it!
The only two people I have chances of seeing is Dylan and Alabama capital only because they live like 10 mins away...
No austy for me.
you are a women.
Great to see you representing our great city!
thatakwardmoment when your trying to find a movie on hbo and you have seen all of them
ThunderHeat is about to be a sweet series.
Good morning!
If you woke up on the wrong side of the bed then i suggest google image crazy faces.
Your welcome.
I wouldn't be so mad if they didn't get me so emotionally invested into these characters  this world.
Great mission.
Thank you!
My cuz just said man these girls in here look like they had a rough lige ..
like ROUGH ..LIKE RUFF :::BARKS::
Enjoy the pink mood lighting!
Need to remember to consider Chandon with sushi vs.
sake.
Nice pairing with the seared ahi tuna roll.
that 5 second comment was killer.
Paul is such a dingus.
I had one of the best times last last night at the Maze concert.
The wind was blowing, I was dancing, and the sound was quintessential Maze.
can't believe people are celebrating death.
i feel sickened not relief this death will change NOTHING.
Hope to order your jersey soon
hello new follower.
Rose Ellen and I both like the Spinners.....who knew!!
Working on event planning and future donor events...
ack!
Hope you are ok!
:
Don't play.
I'm serious.
aw?
thats it follow back or your ass is grass nigga
twitter is free.
Cell phone service is 30/month.
Are you suggesting I don't own a phone?
Easter Weekend hope everyone r able to enjoy it, friends, family  food.
stay tuned ;
: Yup, HP  Deathly Hallows pt 2 made me and the sis cry just as much the second time.
Same.
We were weeping babies.
RIP bassist Donald Duck Dunn, Master funkgroover joined the evergrowing numbers of musicians playing at that great gig in the sky!
You'd have to watch a 15 y/o girl cry for her gone 82 y/o grandaddy to understand why I resent Cheney and his undeserved heart.
Rage team meeting Saturday February 26th at 10am at SM public library.
Mandatory for all players
dedication is the key to everything that's way we love y'all so much truebiebergirls keep it up
so 13 articles in the last 3 days?
is on a writing rampage!
:
Going to hell aka
Always appreciate it Cherie!
;
Ha!
RT : People!
The longer it takes to get to your seats the longer it takes to get to the bar.
Heading to san antonio....god this is gonna be a long doctorve :/
Qupid Penelope would def make the transition from day to nite.
Team MIA I am very close to middle finger malfunction right now.
Dahmer tour isn't for me.
How about people getting together and do something constructive...
First time I've been to the gym this early in a while
I'm the worst babysitter lol.
But hey at least the kiddies are happy cuz they get to do whatever they want
Did you like the app?
RT : Using TabbedOut at HumperdinksArlington.
Go Rangers!
how are you?
Once again, today Delilah miraculously managed to avoid getting assassinated.
Ppl think becuz u get married the cheating STOP hum U got another thing coming that's when it just begans and it gets worse
Make you feel that way :
Happy Birthday, Maynard Ferguson!
hahaha  oh my yes you are gonna get an F!!
The Paper Castle charity event for I Love Schools.
Tonight at the W Hotel in Hollywood.
www.thepapercastle.com
I'm only kidding.
How would you like to be the host of this radio show I've been planning?
State and Fed Tax Extension ready to mail!
lol no it all happened so quick
You only live once, so make it worth it and live your doctorams, never say never and be fearless.
Let's go!
FOOTBALL!!
No words can express my post trip exhaustion.
Need sleep.
Need my kitten.
Need to not be sitting in a car.
I know the feeling, just saw Pat Benatar in Costa Mesa
I can't get hardik pandya's kinect for windows library working in Processing...
why won't Processing recognize it?!
Oh, keep forgetting about that.
Hope it isn't an unhappy surprise when GH scores arrive....
We might need a support group mtg.
COME out to tonight 8 PM for Cincy Brass, Animal Crackers, and ECLIPSE for their CD Release Party!
Can't wait for tomorrow.
All the candy on sale :D
i miss you :
We r happy 2 C so many people taking advantage of the new snow  renting snowshoes!
Even more happy 2 C everyone return with a smile!
and how do you propose getting to work as a carpenter?
How will the stores get their supplies that you want to buy, FOOD?
i can't do that my dude, my manager wont let me brutha..
Great meetup last night!
Loved learning about all the great startups!
Holly Hofmann  Frank Potenza Trio were really smoking tonight at Jazz Live at City College.
KSDS membership a best value in SD!
I'm sorry but liberals piss me off as much as stupid people
Have a Super Sunday........Grow Faith, Give Hope, and Spread Love HOPEPARK.COM
Chain smokin loud like its a Newport   2 Chaaaaaainz
Day keeps getting better, got Wrestlemania 28 on Bluray in the mail a day early and Amazon refunded back 5 bc the price lowered on it
likely headed there as well; meetings might prohibit me, though
oh my gosh, yes!
Trader Joe's has a knockoff Nutella product now.
It's dangerous!
I wish The CW would put on a new family doctorma.
What is wrong with family?
and why is that.?:
Meaningless words that can't be strung together right.
How my cohort was introduced to it: John Law's Notes on the Theory of the ActorNetwork
no I didn't see the pink scarf!
I'll check it out later
Hi, Im misterRight.
Someone said you were looking for me.
Do that.
She's a real piece of work.
RT : I was going to google her when I go to bed
favmovquote You want my spot Flash, You aint gone get it cuz you aint got it5 Heartbeats Eddie Kane
Walked in2 Onalaska Oops...it was preopen training night!Lol!
Reminds me of store openings
I'm glad you liked it...
probably the best exercise ever created!
If you don't follow , I'll kill you with a fork.
haha, it would be interesting to kill someone with a fork.
I have to go see it this weekend !
Oh, wow.
And I was going to offer to pick up food for you guys.
Don't delay your business  start a Google Places listing now!
thanks love!
Can't wait to see you :
Shopping for an amazing performance piece for my anthem performance next Sun Sept 25th
Chicago traffic.
It blows.
Don't miss it one bit.
You don't know what tomorrow will bring so don't pass up the chance to live today
Dude, last night I doctoramed that a halfram halfdoberman attacked me but this thing that won the Westminster dog show freaks me out more.
Actually, I never see tobiko, but I easily get masago almost anywhere in the USA.
It comes from an Atlantic fish called Capelin.
RT The 3 Stooges being remade is a true sign that the Mayans were right...
Are you or your friends/family members looking for a new dentist??
Kravitz Dental has two convenient locations in Miami  Pembroke Pines!
ha.
X
Dolphins are some horny little bastards.
U TWO
ESPN Classic is more racist than I would have thought.
way to start you career man!
Congrats!
EL food helps people stick to their diets without sacrificing taste!
Oracle, Google lawyers spar over jury instructions
Rob James vs.
Patriot I in singles action.
It sounds exciting!
Our feelings are hurt.
Malfi brought his appetite tonight
I guess that's just how they do it in Bolivia.
StandBy Alert !!
Animated Shorts  Friday
I love how it was on the fast track for approval by Congress until the White House criticized it.
Cuz if it dont make money it dont make sense
Good morning to you too!
Almost Friday...
So jealous.
When is this party train coming into Boston?
Thanks for the RT, Ellis!
I'm so sick and hungry
actually id say thats not a bad wish list.
Girls who are orange and have yellow hair...please just figure it out.
morning commute brought to you by The Band featuring The River Hymn
No worries, I really respect the communication.
Not enough companies do the same.
Do you have instagram?
Take pics of you with HL stickers, graffiti, shirts, hoodies, artwork...whatever you want and tag it HOTLIFE.
:
Looking for a great deal??
Well, don't look at for one.
Canadian modifier?
That's racist dude, but it wouldn't be half the factoid without it ;
looking good!
WFA is at full swing!
Join us, don't miss the excitement!
nameyourfavoriterapper Young Bravo
june, I think I can swing that.
Where we going too?
Stateside, beach, cruise, amusement park?
cool for weaver, but it's hard to downshift to baseball after
living life to the fullest
Always have an extra pair of socks
it's to shove your face in so you don't scream while getting fucked in the ass
CITIZENS ARREST: just saw a BPD officer chatting on the phone while doctorving down Madison.
Ebook request form on the library website
NP!
Follow us RT : S/o to rt1100am thank u guys for playin my music s/o to 
you know nothing...so why talk to me?
yep.
The industry is so competitive it makes it easy.
They r great about giving credits.That's why I still have them
We had a super healthy supper of spring rolls!..we're now having a second course of bacon grilled cheese..
David Cameron says he wishes the film The Iron Lady had been made another day as it focuses more on elements of dementia than an amazi
Dave39;s Pro Collision in Beecher, Illinois Adds UHaul Rentals
lmao!
How about a 'flava of freddy' type show  12 addicted bimbos vying for his ring?
Headband kush on deck.....
that's the only reason why?...don't feel sorry for me.
I'm just not a bandwagon fan.
I've been a Heat fan since 03.
puts you in my big pot of stew
Saw you on KXAN; you did well...
How the hell were we not following RVB!?!
Good luck on doctorft day!
If you put a bunch of chocolate on a plate, its a valid meal.
whatever !
You can too !
Ty doll for the mention!
On a follow limit, but will follow soon!
Need more followers!
xox
haha the one time autocorrect fails and doesn't correct
Hahaha just got bumped to actor!!
Where ever you are whatever your doing i know you've thought about me and i've thought of you too!
Did you get the evil NOLA head cold?
I'm still recovering.
If anyone knows of any Showrunners that might be interested taking the Single Chef to any Networks let me know.
We have a great Sizzle Reel!
UGH..I need silver shoes for Friday..I miss raiding my aunt's closet in VA
I can tell you that the first page is good!
I JUST downloaded it to my iPad thanks to Netgalley.
It's hot in the valley.
A very good morning to Happy New Year  thanks for being new followers.
r u at the great mall
hey everyone!
ahh going in late tomorrow, if only my mom knew how to cook something other than cereal..
oh and
don't you worry, one day you're going to be able to wake up and not even think about him.
Im lost, Im tired and I can't seem to hide these tears anymore.
That's great  I love that Blue Bunny commercial with the Bobby  What a hoot
NP Bear  The Antlers.
This song means everything to me.
Anyone know where I can find an affordable but stylish rolling rack for my bedoctorom?
I ran out of closet space 3 shopping sprees ago.
RT Waiting for my food while stoned teenagers talk about Tosh.0.
We Are Young is on the radio.This tweet is a suicide note.
Heating pad is in order today.
what is ds106?
looked like an entire different world that I had no idea of
I'm at and you should be too
prove it cock cunt
a coworker is headed to NOLA this week.
Looking for places off the Frenchman/FQ track for live music?
Happy Monday and cheers to all of our new followers over the past week!
We've got some cool things in store this week.
Stay tuned!
enjoying thinking about motivation: stick/carrot; autonomy, mastery, purpose; leadership, results, knowledge, aesthetic, tradition, social
I can't sleep!!!!
I'm so emotional smh ...
Lol
don't listen to She's a Debbie Downer.
All of us get lost in the darkness, doctoramers learn to steer by the stars.
Rush, The Pass
When you're a Jet, you're a Jet all the way ...
RT : bayM1GS right now, this crowd lacks the vibe of a rumble
Life's not a rehearsal.
Each day is a new show,no repeats,no rewinds.So give ur best shot in all your worthy acts as the show goes on and on
I'm great.
Busy, but great.
How about you?
I cant believe you commentend on my status saying u love me when yesterday u wouldnt even let me talk to my newphew....
Star Wars marathon.
I have an eye but cant see, I am stronger and faster than any man alive, but I have no limbs.
What am I?
haha I'm working on it.
I think you got me beat :p
I just got your samples for you new scent!!
Ah it smells fantastic!
I love it!
cant wait till it comes out.
Just tweeting you to tell you how handsome you looked tonight at the kca !: And next you should perform for us 33 love you
Funny how we concern ourselves with whatifs that haven't even happened yet and may not even happen.

be scared very scared
There wasn't a single part of that that wasn't wonderful.
I've really been blessed with an amazing week filled with awesome experiences!
Rick Warren: 39;Newsweek39; Exploiting Easter With Religious Cover
Thanks man
Hello , suggested I contact you regarding research on academic prep for advertising work.
Would you have some time?
Getting inhome and tracking geo and mobile calltoactions can yeild a local data perspective, effecting every media channel
Good morning, good morning to you.
Nothin' could be grander than to be in Louisiana In the morning, In the morning,
Yes Khama, I would love to!
Let's talk!
Enrollment down, canceling classes, displacing adjunct faculty.
Not fun.
Swaggy, follow back
If police had the monetary incentive, they'd walk a beat  not consider it punishment.
Foot patrol is tough work  deserves compensation.
I guess Imported From Detroit worked so well for Chrysler, they decided to use it for all the brands?
Odd.
when you get a text from every dude except the one you expect one from 
Flyline Search Marketing welcomes our newest client, Pleska Law Group.
OH YEAH!
Tomorrow marks my onemonth anniversary on Twitter and I'm hoping to get to 5,000 tomorrow!
Help?
Miss, A 9
What a devastating runway
Pink friday
haha I know that could have been.
Ur lucky u didnt step in my piss haha
Twitterville make it a great day!!!!
Remeber, Happy are those who doctoram doctorams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.
My last tweet didn't make sense 
You need me to bring you one?
Thanks man!
Next time we need to have a vote for the things we pay for that we really don't give 2 flying pigs about
Ac ah thinking bout charging niggas 30 ah hour to sit in it lol smh HEAT lol
Good Morning My Dear Followers!
COLD FRONT EXPECTED THURSDAY!
Be sure your vehicle's coolant provides adequate protection.
will test your vehicle's coolant.
Me too!
Everytime, I click on them thinking I'll have read them all and then usually maybe I've read a couple.
Maybe!
haha!
I win everything.
Even
organizing quilt projects  15 toppers waiting to be backed and quilted.
Must create a plan to get these projects finished.
.
.
soon!
BARF.
so sick of girl, pink, etc etc.
Thanks for the update Perrine!
I love your dedication.
The story is captainvating!
hey baby;
What's one best book you've read in the past couple years ...
which you think should be a movie?
Don't say you can't dance and then try to go home with me.
If you can't move on the dancefloor, I'll think you can't move in the bedoctorom.
Boys gutted out a 33 tie with the Huskies.
Now a bus ride back to Madison then it's time to get ready for the Rats of Minny.
My next tattoo is going to be so painful but so worth it .
NO!
I am NOT getting sick.
I will not let that happen.
When Im mad I shut down
Biggest mistake ever.
Ruined everything.
So what's next?
yes guy!
im here rght now
We had on the same shirt today!!!!
Yay!!!!
:
cuz yo booty is very tall!
MTA employee at my stop's ticket booth looks like vampire Tom Savini
10:15 maroon 5 hasn't started....hm will the show only be 40 min long?
What great tweets from U both!
We love it RT : Amazing breakfast this morning!
gt;: Breakfast burrito fro...
you're always in my doctorams, and I bet you don't even think about me.
still twittering
The smooth ride, even over large potholes in my dirt road.
Best ride ever!
i've been running for an hour...
Should be good for 90 on Monday.
Building tribes is critical create content that only targets this one group  Smith at
I hear you there!
Train derailment in Cudahy.
Report of diesel fuel spill.
In the cards!
Those small batteries in greeting cards can find themselves in little hands  and little tummies.
10 p.m.

: Who wants to buy a new iPod Nano 6th gen?
Anyone interested?
8GB, Pink, Brand new in box.
I'm a politico this week...
joining my dad for a meeting with House of Reps Majority Leader Eric Cantor.
that's i feel about HIM lol sadly no they don't offer it at my school..
i've been slowly trying to teach myself
Got to.
This America, man.
I'm in DEEP.

CHECK OUT THA NEW AVI !!
doctorPS NEXT WEEK FREEBOOSIE !!
Hm platform pumps or wedge boots?
My problems are way cooler when I get a night off from being a mommy :
Freakin' when Austin says,Pretty hot babe in Say SomethinI DIE.
Ok and yeah Im busy too.:
if u have idea that can help to make the country better who/where can u talk to/send ur comment to?
Sometimes, a hug is all you need to feel better.
RT Like yard sales?
Visit Brookhaven Christian Church today.
sometimesyouhaveto grin  bear the traffic!
Trusting is self punishment.
Remember, when stuck in traffic, safety first!
Have fun!
let's put on a good concert tonight!
: Vote Isaac Hayden tomorrow online at lightning 100 for Music City Mayhem!!
Polls open 10am  midnight!!
Vote !
We will make BETTER and betterforyou juices!
My kitchen was nor prepared for the juicer delivery :
Ah, that's why it's taking place at Marylhurst!
Let's meet soonam off doing overseas program biz in May, back thereafter  thx
well I'm not really sure, but I'm thinking we should totally hang out.
Thumb has been twitching for like 10 min
do not, I repeat, do not jump after it
Ah baby today stuck on twitter!
I can never fall asleep on Sunday night.
The Cards need to settle down before the Cats run away with this game
we don't, but we might be able to point you in the right direction, I'll check with the folks here in the know :
I LOVE 's hair soo....hush
There are some kids walking a donkey down Silver Spring doctorve.
I'm going to pretend this is normal.
RT : Learn all the short cuts on your computer to save time!...keep an eye out for my top tips for the rest of this week!!
to the space colony that Newt will allegedly build!
:
I'm good at work also
Reading minds.
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
7 More days of school left !!
He said chino :/ Lmfao !!
same.
They're stuck with me and my crazy well wishes for life
100 mph, dude.
A couple hold 'em hands didn't go my way...
on life support now.
Hahaha, but that's the whole point.
We can do whatever we want to the economy and still get 96 percent of the black vote in 2011 ...
HAHA!!!
RT Checkout New HaagStreit products at SECO11.
New advances in perimetry, ergonomics, and LED slit lamps.
sweet!
Looking forward to it!
mo'fucka?
Lmao you seem like a little bitch
quotes If you want more, you have to require more from yourself.
So all you mutherfuckers are shit out of luck with my daughter.
lol...and that gives me peace of mind.
Got a heater for ya son!
thanks for the shoutout.
Same person potentially trying to scam people on craigslist.
8156038962.
Good nite tweetie birds I gotta get some sleep for school : nite nite can't wait to see where hip hop Geo is going to perform in Florida :
did you not notice..
It's him AND itch.
Together.
slowly getting over you;.
L.A.
Proper will be  Sundance 2012.
Will you?
I wish downtown chicago had a wendy's near my work.
.
asks Lyon for def of deliberation: The many coming to action ...
action as close to teleology as I'm willing to get
Well done.
A tip of the yarmulke to you, sir.
: My trip to Israel has been great!
I feel completely reJewvinated.
IfIHadThePower to bring back one person from the dead it'd be 's mom
what are your recommendations for St.
Lucia ?
Contrary to what some sexists say, girls do know about sports.
Thank you for casting me in this film!
What a blast Nancy!
I'll never forget how amazing you  ur team was in that aud room
have you read Connie Willis' To Say Nothing of the Dog?
Quick and very charming Victorianstyle time travel book!
Man39;s best friend  The Darkroom  The Baltimore Sun
lmfao okay okay okay.
i need my jilian soon though.
Thick in the head, or thick everywhere else?
All these fake ass record labels exec can suck me off
they are located in the hub now booth
How can you guarantee that your creative team will not selfdestruct?
Check out my brotherinlaw, , a great DJ in MN for any entertaining needs!
He always makes a get together fun ;
love that shirt!
Im a wild carnivore eating all day.
Great to meet you last night at the balls table!
People are a freaking trip
Most materials challenges r from parents, especially of preschoolers  young teensage when kids start to break away
Autocorrect  Annoying or Funny?
The latter :
Some serious talent behind the Sixers bench ...
I got to talk to today :D DAY MADE.
Take that :P
Thanks for the ff mention!
Happy New Year!
If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it.
It's the hard that makes it great  Tom Hanks
so i guess ur back lol
Anyone use that LectricShave shit?
Looks cool...
Grammer has to come in as a close second.
RT : The most egregious misspelling is genious.
JR Smith could be cold AF.
Okay...
now feeling much better after this twitter rant and talking to my best friend in the world Katie or as we prefer Elephant Buddy!
Lol
.If Blacks really want to help Black people
I just heard that you're hosting the TonyAwards again this year.
YAAAY!!!
Novi, then Roseville.
Then I'm off to Kentucky for my senior year.
At T,O,A,S,T, all day
I think the owner of this account made it actually!
AMC Theaters, around since 1920, is in negotiations..selling out to CHINA..um..is there ANYONE who's NOT selling out to China?
Exhausted.
But I'm in 'stupid San Diego' so I can't even be mad :
Thanks for the DBF retweets.
Have a great weekend.
Umberto Eco The real hero is always a hero by mistake he doctorams of being an honest coward like everybody else.
Still surprised what people don't know about chiropractic.
Headaches.....yes we can help :!
Love always finds us.
Anonymous Boo
Going to shopping !!yay
yeah nigga I'm just clowning on this shit lol
Apparently students at uwf are diehard halloween fans x.o just on the way to class I saw a pirate, darth vader, and jigsaw.
Its Wednesday, unfortunately i fell under the weather while in the ATL this pass weekend, still had a great time.
Can't sleep.
Watching Jerry Springer show.
I forgot how effed these people are.
jerryspringer white trash
Strive for perfection settle for excellence.
cUTE, sweet, adorable, kind, thoughtful, amzing, loveable, huggable, beautiful eyes, perfect smile.
XD EVERYTHING
Uggggg!
Sisters!
They make me so mad sometimes!
Its their fault their so tired because they chose to wake up so stinkin early!
and u wonder y gtfoh
its alright i will give you a free pass
for all of arsenals work, could have been a huge setback there had Sharaway put that away
sorry i have been on the road.
haha!!
True that!
;
Dewey MA rainmaker Richard Climan is considering a move to Weil Gotshal  Manges LLP and one other firm according to my story online.
Getting spoiled on tour...
Its nice to have a clean bathroom to defile after a night of Irish food and beer.
That's where I saw it too.
ha i just talked to jr today blood
Nicely done Andoctorw Shaw!
I never been on oovoo,skype, or nun....
somebody hmu on 1
Confidence is contagious.
So is lack of confidence.
Michael O'Brien
GoodMorning Everything you've been thru that hasn't killed you, has made you a stronger and better person.
Don't fight the problem.
Love the opportunity.
Just heard a blurb on indiana tornadoes on bbc world report ...
I don't like people messaging me expecting me to answer right away.
Too much like a phone.
I've been working with a pediatric dentist on developing home programming for dental hygiene
whitepeoplehobbies counting their money, finishing other ppls sentences, talking jibberish when they're doctornk
really?
You like all the shehechat topics?
That's a lot of pressure!
:
Good hard work this morning.
Thanks for your help, Dad.
Now dinner and ice cream with my darling.
Evidence is slowly becoming my new favorite subject!
They're talking about you boy, but you're still the same
Ok Mustardheads get those last minute orders in tonight or tomorrow!!
Love Greg Stevens!
Went to several of his workshops last year.
you guys didnt hit me up all day !
We saw the alley lights go off.
Freaky.
omg you're going?!
the merlot barrel was pretty darn amazing
I can't believe that.
I hope he gets in huge trouble although I doubt he will.
Never bite the hand that feeds you!
Get adorable easterbunny photos !
What's up for tonight?
It's Saturday night!
Hope u're headin out for some live talent.
SFBayArea is full of awesome musicicans  more!
thanks so much for the mention!
Whenever you get a First off speech just go ahead into smile and nod mode.
Add an uhhuh if needed.

You are such a sweetheart.
Thank you so much!!
and you are forever!
These April fools jokes are pretty bad...or maybe its because I've done them all during the course of a year lol
don't feel bad got us working too!
Watching Teen wolf for the 100th time!
It never gets old:
Can't wait until my nap this afternoon
I don't hate this crowd but if I had to fill out invitations for my next show none of them would get one.
If I couldn't love California Tortilla any more, they're playing DM's Get the Balance Right right now.
you are soo great we have gone through all your business cards.
Please send more!
Fixin' to get London's rockin here in TTown!
It's official.
is on Twitter.
Follow it and stuff please.
Panthers beat Devils, but local Miami TV newscast botches team logo
hey you welcome to the wonderful world of Twitter.
Where everything happens in 140 characters.
yes, but I was sad there wasn't a special playlist.
Oh well.
:/
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.h
I'm definitely a cut above the rest, doing this walk with my best friend 4 life, he always got my back!
your book..its so amazing its made a difference in me.thanks xoxo..you are also great on housewives...keep it going girl!
M.
I do love black tea before noon.
Not sure how active I could be as tester, but I'd be happy to poke around in there.
And BiB's on wish list.
You?
Band stuff, and NYC/California/Florida, friends who i could not otherwise talk too.
time to do this!!
Bring your A game
While youre busy looking for the perfect person, youll probably miss the imperfect person who could make you perfectly happy..
Coffee consumed for my security studies tonight.
Didn't expect BootCamp doctorvers 4 Windows to take so long to install.
Ahh!
Just finished!
you spelled it wrong
There is either a place in heaven for me just like the library or a place in hell for me just like the library.
The fun never stops!
The Gonzaga women's basketball team learns its NCAA Tournament fate right now on ESPN...
Gettin a catscan for valentine's day!
Woohoo!
so when your done with the veggie thing, how about a good case of the meat sweats?
When you fail you learn from the mistakes you made and it motivates you to work even harder
y repito.....
WHAT IS THE FUCKING POINT ?
hey why am I not eating nachos right now
we will my man.
I can say this without a shadow of the doubt, Adam Jones is the best Oriole since misterCal Ripken, beast mode
He can be the bat boy!
This will sound weird, but BEST SHANTYTOWN EVER!
Pretty sure one of these dates I see is going to end badly around 7am in a dispute over 47
Tear it up on the last night!!
Take it light!!
do I get credit for trying RT : Your far too far too bring you anything mate :
Just saw your commercial on BET!!
Love it!!
your a great mother :
Cake cake cake put ur name on it!!
My eyes have been watering like crazy all day!
That sounded real weird before.
Finding a parking spot at mall of America on a Saturday is the most frustrating thing ever.
lateforwork :
I love Selection Sunday.
Thanks to all the great new connections and followers from intdesignerchat last night.
I look forward to keeping in touch w/ all of you.
speaking of little boys...hugo...let's get some big boys soon.
This is so unbelievably cool!
go hard get the fuck out my bedoctorom askin me question
Any one also love codes and addict to crate amazing apps in a special way?
RT : A 15 year old girl with terminal cancer added trending on Twitter to her bucket list.
alicebucketlist Please RT!
Happy International Beer Day!
Any green breweries out there?
We know does their part!
Think left and think right and think low and think high.
Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!
doctorSeuss
I should really start writing the interviews for the NoDirectionTour for next week  Karri
lol I hope they look like mermaids,wonder if they have space weed?
Lol
Well this paper isn't going to sit here and write itself.
Crest Clamshell International sales heating up with new Alliance  www.Diecutuk.com
hm,and if you say youre done with me,i suppose that might not be the worst thing.
would explain why the stock took a shit today.
Any time Apple reminds the world that Jobs is gone it will tumble.
It's crazy how nervous I get when I give speeches.
PickUpLine: Cold out isn't it?
: 'sleep no more' is an amazing experience It is seriously bucket list good.
I'm going again and I'm not sure if that's enough.
Look, you clearly have issues and I'm not going to continue this.
I will NOT have you speak for my experiences, period.
when she said she was happier now without her voice than before, I teared up.
thank you :
What channel for what?
The Union traded Le Toux?!?!
Don't wait for people to be friendly, show them how.
Commodore Matthew Perry or Chandler?
The Pirates are beating the Yankees
Got my new NikeRunning jackets!!!
Caps win, Bruins go home.
Watching pirates of penzance on brings back memories of when I did this show!!
was AMAZING!
Everyone had a fabulous time, so thank YOU!
Come to Five Guys Burgers and Fries today to support BASE Camp!
59 p.m.
Proceeds all come back to BASE Camp to help families affected by...
We will never let Justin go is trending...
dammit Twitter
RT : Tonight I am spinning With  Another Great Night in Miami!

Welcome Lucia!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
Thank you for the !
Happy Monday!
Campbell's: What can you do with plain white rice?
Me: throw it out.
I don't eat white carbs/starches.
Lmfao
We're in Pittsburgh ...
GO Steelers!
And 475 miles to go to Chicago ...
Does your safe house offer reliable online banking access?
Doing High School Scheduling is so hard...but I can't wait!!
Go Lakeridge Eagles!!
Sometimes you just want to ask people why their such aholes?
Seriously, who raised you?
I'm put some powder in my hands and bitch slap u!
is your crotch hungry girl?
cuz its eating your pants.
Oh.
Slow motion Seagal with a sword.
Bored on Twitter?
Well follow and get ready to be entertained!
It always feels good to do the right thing!
No wonder Rebecca Black didn't take the bus.
She would've had a freaking panic attack with all the seating options.
keep ya head up.
Everyone's thinking of you and your family
Why was Commons so happy to see OpenPublish at the doctorpal meetup?
He wanted to get reAcquiainted
I'm thinking of getting my first tattoo....
you thought wrong...
Happy Birthday Bobby Orr
Now that's a festive and delicious birthday.
I told you what you need
DID YOU KNOW SHES SO FAT THAT SHE CANT RUN?
you so funnayyyy
Hope to see you soon!
makin new beats, and geeked outta my mind
I'm looking forward to our wedding...
I oppose SOPA, PIPA and the Research Works Act.
As your constituent, I hope you will too.
Expectation that digital technology is inc into our cc classes, but we can't even get wifi at some plcs in campus
merrr I'm gonna try to get the smallest one I can find loll
Whoa!
The horse next door just barked and scared me to death!
's sharing amazing work Undesired about gendercide in India with icfj fellows.
You know you got to raves when your trashcan is full of empty glowstick wrappers....
As the founding fathers knew all too well, eternal vigilance is the price of a napping baby.
waystogetunfollowed send DMs about how much money u made and quiting ur job, if ur account got hacked, fix it, delete it, or ur gone!
Spies knows how to get a crowd moving!
Blog teaser: There is no I in Content Marketing
Why do people brag about how hard they work or how much they have acomplished?
Isnt it called life!?
I got sun burned lol
There are dolls and there are babes.
This hot slice of confection is DEFINATELY a babe doll FollowFriday
By 2025, about two thirds of the worlds population, roughly 5.5 billion people, will live in areas facing moderate to severe water stress.
Musings: Pay attention to your competitors, but pay WAY more attention to what you are doing.
Everything looks perfect from a distance.
The mid bulkhead is reserved for parents w/baby, sometimes reassigned during checkin.
See also
: Southern fires in the D ..yum greensjuice lol
Norfolk..near the water..
Moral of story?
doctornk girls cant keep secrets for shit.
you open for a visit early 2012?
: hope all is well and stuff
Gonna get me in trouble!
5words lol
actually i can't.
my laptop is 15 years old and the internet is no longer compatible with the OS.
it's quite convenient.
lmao I haven't lied to you before kid !!
can you please follow me :
What phone gt louder speakers htc or iphone
O!
Post a picture when you're done!!
:D
Thanks Rhonda!
I will do my best.
:
what a bitch!
Nothin comes easy!
You gotta put in the work
A cook in the kitchen is surrounded by generations of cooks past, the advice and menus of cooks present, the wisdom of cookbook writers.
dev are still here too though.
Costing that project took forever!
See you Monday!
Lmao you gotta chill RT : Black bitches pussy taste like sour cream ruffles
Got a Jetta as a rental.
How familiar, yet not.
I love your bio
Well, I am flattered, but you are all they way down in Chicago, I can't make it down there :
try www.ArticleOnCall.com they accept same day.
I'm tired of all this extra doctorma I swear!
I need to smoke now but these weed man's ain't tryna make some money tonight!
I actually held this position for the entire 3.5 hour movie.
It was quite impressive.
;
I was just told I'm someone's eye candi, should I be scared?
Haha
I do!
: if your nanny professorle says you have a tattoo on your chest that shows when you wear low tank tops , I don't want you to be my nanny
I am trying, but I keep doctorwin a blank :
aw why you so precious 
The popularity of Yo La Tengo continues to mystify me.
I just can't see the appeal.
Improbable?
or if it's really extreme, inconceivable?
Innovation Keynote: The Impact of Being Social.
Social gaming is big business, and we want more of that business!
The horror!
The horror!
Well there goes another two and now a line is down!!
Had a great time in the boat parade!
thank u 2 our sponsor  after 2night we can recommend taking one of their holiday tours!
I love the soul of money and possibility of control!
: RT if you are an extrovert!
Everyone's an extrovert on Twitter :
There were dual tracks at UC Berkeley  the premeds had their own set of courses.
:
woah wait....
what are these unconfirmed reports on Kane at the UofW Madison????
2 more weeks till we can waste a whole day at work looking at which 512 matchup to go with in the NCAA's.
BROWN JOURNAL FOUND!!!
And I have a newfound appreciation for the word priceless.
Thanks to all whose hearts clenched for me...
A: Big corporations buy them at whorehouses and donate them to the public.
no the one you tweeted about lunch
Your twitter account has been hacked.
We recommend you change your password now.
Ugh so bored.
now there's a thought!
;
Birthday party on May 18!
yeah, I found her, now I'm following her, lol
You rock!
Thanks for the front row seats at the best Cloudforce, ever.
Reindeer antlers: lmaaao
Thank God Gossip Girl and Hart of Dixie are coming back!!!
hahaha its not like that!
Congrats to the nominees
The more articulate one is, the more dangerous words become.
May Sarton, born on this day in 1912.
I fucking hate Florence and the Machine and I'm not sorry.
Jon
Has anybody ever told you how annoying you are?
Will you Please Follow Mee it would mean the World to me or at least RT this ?
TBH I think should go all over the US because there are fans of them everywhere.
But since it's only one
Follow will Follow Back
follow 4 follow?
if not sorry!
Free promotion site on my professorle if u need hits to your likes, follows, 1, views
Big mistake: giving your promo gift away to people who don't need your service.
Definitely interested in that topic for an unconference.
Some old ish!!!
Oh girl you know what's up!
by Donell Jones.
Say what?
Say what?
Say what?
Day 7 of feeling like death, day 3 of no running.
In ready to be back to normal, thanks!
Starting new facebook canvas application.
Using CodeIgniter for the base framework.
had to have a bit of fun with you
For business cards we really blike www.gotprint.com 4color is standard, nice thick card stock, and nice low price.
if you don't have time now to listen , Download the show later www.focussociety.com Power of your subconscious mind
I use Hopkins' Shelf Elf and Craig's mister Wiggle's Book w/ the little ones.
the warroirs won the toss today so who would y get in the doctorft..74 percent chance for 1 to 7th pick..
Glad you can escape.
Snow in Chicago  me stuck in Seattle until Sunday.
Unexpected bonus: weekend trip to Vancouver!
No better way to celebrate a rugby win than Foundation Bar!!
!
Just watched another beautiful sunrise in Sunny San Diego!!
What a great way to start another gorgeous day!
Any one of us, at any moment might face hard times, even if we live responsibly.
That's truth!
but by 2 AM I started naming variables things like fuckedTime and revived God hates ponies
Bacon's Idol of The MarketPlace errors result from when words or symbols fail to effectively communicate.
This may be when jargon is used.D
No prob, buddy.
thank you...you were so sweet in nashville.
Sam and I think the world of y'all now.
So...come tour here next!!
XX
Watching Inception in an altered state
Heading to the show at the Highline 2nite.
Line already up the street!
Who else is going?
If the track is tough and the hill is rough, THINKING you can just ain't enough
Sent you guys an email about our service.
Hope you can check it out!
I cant change YESTERDAY but I can change TODAY  TOMORROW.
I hate not having something to look forward to on the weekends.
This has got to change
so many excuses,lots of kids say this but..shits pretty gnarly,and idk how to deal with it at this point.im almost at the edge.
win on Monday.
Lose on Sunday.
Go lions!!!!
my buddy will also be at sxsw in narrative competition with his film STARLET We are in good company!!
Education, therefore, is a process of living and not a preparation for future living
So glad it's Friday!
This is the first weekend in a long time when I don't have plansnothing but rest and relaxation.
Try our delicious Mexican Chicken Parmesean Torta!!
plantain and coconut breaded chicken with cheese, lettuce, tomato and guacamole mayo!!!!
When a guy nos his way around a car n can fix shit
Ugh I love skins.
Crying
Fire at Days Inn 1600 Emmett St.
in Charlottesville.
Fire Crews on the scene.
not only are the shows so similar, but they are also very, very dumb.
go get em Ashley!!!
With God before you who can be against you
Ha ....laura yu got me alk confused when yu tweeted cuz it wasnt mineI was like wat..I memered you ha I feel so stupid ha
I'm rockin my dirty weekend hair, my aviators, and my le chat ninja tshirt.
I'm a
WhiteSox baseball Gee, I wonder who our pitchers will be tonite.
And will we lose for the 4th time with the winning run at the plate?
Thanks  good to meet you as well!
what's a good midday snack?
I'm gluten and dairy free
at the Mayoral debate at UM
i got fired from that company.
jk, i wuld have if I'd worked for them.
has a few exciting opportunites in N.
Amityville  West Nyack NY!
Looking for outside sales reps with B2B experience, preferably in industr
Many homeless guests accessing ugm for food  clothes a line around our block.
Please pray for our guests  their needs
They need Sam Neil to go back to being Damien Thorn, that would liven the show up a bit!
Good Morning and you are right.
Have a great day.
I dunno...9 months pregnant  donuts could be dangerous!
LOL
I'm afraid I'll be arriving in disguise.
Wonder Woman needs to join Weight Watchers.
My outfit seems to have shrunk!
new Celtic away kit is bad ass.
All black with hoops
Are john falk's audience segments valid?
Even he says the jury is still out.
Key is to look at motivations and idoctorl.
needs.
So excited !!
; is the sweetest most Beautiful friend!
Love her  it will be the best season ever..
doctorwing a line in the sand and saying this is what you stand for and not wavering makes your stories resonate.
It makes your stories matter.
Super long TV show intros 
Bears better be praying in the 2nd half
Shopping, Jamba Juice, Some Old School MTV, Panda Express sounds great right now really great
Who are some of your favorite bands / musicians?
Coming to graduation?
Make sure you're at the graduate reception one night earlier!
It's being held on Fri, June 8.
More to come!
mine won't either bro
Took a break from my tweets, but I'm back!
What did I miss?
You are very welcome!
Thanks for the follow as well.
Looking forward to your attorney tweets!
Done packing!
meeting friend for goodbye lunch tomorrow..
Oh yeah!
You got this girl!!
lol Let me know how it goes :
Have fun!
We must play the game of life fearlessly,letting go in each moment of the constraints of our past.
I just got a glowing testimonial from my director for the mystery gig that I'll be revealing around July.
MAN, I'm excited!
Giant on tiny Conan set!
He's giant!
AG Van Hollen: Even though there are some bumps in the road right now, we are going to have a photo ID requirement.
BandsILove Woe, Is Me
Babysitting tonight was HORRIBLE!
flight had to return to airport, a door on the underside popped open...
Now flight canceled...
Don't know if I'll get to nyc
Google bound
Perenniel capitalist problem: greed at top impoverishes wrkrs, who then can't afford to buy anything, which tanks econ.
SHOUT OUT TO OUR ONLINE PROMOTIONS MANAGER Jay Nyce !!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
both correct
Thanks!
RT FF New Follower Props:
Went to work today to take care of email, return everything I borrowed for thatcamptx,  do a few other chores.
Taking off rest of week!
unless its me or Simone than don't do it
I like nonfiction film the best.Short  sweet.
Just like books.
Why reinvent the wheel?
waddup boi, ren just sent me the record ya'll got to my track
When our relatives are at home, we have to think of all their good points or it would be impossible to endure them.
George Bernard Shaw
lesson is, iPhone  iTouch.
So wait!
My cat is so needy 
Hyper'in'.
oh my!
pic to prove it!
I'm about to break my phone
I've been sifting through it to prep for a convo about grading tmister.
Great stuff!
We're airing a story right now about pox parties...
I had never heard of them before.
Lads and Lassies, Runway is Getting Short and the Worlds Getting Awfully Big in the Window..Just over 3 days left to Vote!
Market your Lad!
Preparing for action in Harbor East.
Calling on Paterakis to gather the corporate community to fund school construction
Join us tonight 6:3011 pm at Southpointe Golf Club for the Community Leaders for a Cure.
Great food, auction items, cigars on the veranda
Well it is just me and some buddies so far, but the premise is that the guy is over criticized/undervalued!
I'll count you in!
Carmen: The booger was right!
I hate that.
No problem as long as you find me a hook up while I'm here!
The Avengers is a very good movie!!!
So is Battleship both are great
the person who maintains this account will be moving to , this will be updated by others, some of u will want 2 follow both
Don't know specifics, but if tenants didn't want him at their party, he has to leave.
You're the lamest piece of shit ever.
Today's K atty tip: Sharing a project between 2 agencies can be tricky.
Make sure the specifics as to rate  expectations are clearly stated
ugh tired !!
Can't do everything at once.
oohh!
Depends on what you're looking for but I 3 Azil in Hayes Valley.
Lots of really cute jewelry  accessories
oh when the beans, oh when the beans, oh when the beans come out the tin
Oh, good!
Sounds like a neat project.
You'll have to let me know how it goes!
New patio furniture???
Apparently there was a 4.1 earthquake up by Glendale today.
I didn't feel a thing.
happy FOR NO REASON
I wanna see it so bad, and you!
Champagne sunday soon?
Also aren't you comin' to beefs?
That man does have some sexy hair...
Which team will benefit from that National Anthem tragedy?
yeah whatever nigga, just let me know lol
dude u have a sweet job!
I'm a bartender, but music is my life!
I play doctorms, piano, and saxophone.
Happy Friday!!!
we did doctornk all day and got smashed lol
It should be illegal to wear a face mask if your face isn't broken.
Go Cavs!
and get friends
Hey you should celebrate the Knicks win by shopping Save 20 off your purchase!
Use Code: CORKY 41points nosweep 3
It's a packed house for the CES keynote by CEO Paul Jacobs.
Avg mobile user looks at their phone 150x per day.
Can't wait to have a doctornk with tonight!!!!
what's in store for suncap, risingPisces, moonlibra??
So many emotions and changes right now!
I guess one hour to go :
YAY for alternatives.
Thanks.
Haha, love the transition from toys to microphilanthropy
We're excited to announce another great speaker VP at Sage Restaurant Group, Chef Michael CarrTurnbough talking about fb costing
I consciously cooperate with the creative power within.
green winter classic
I hate it when people say that they're dancers but they have never even taken a dance class in their lives.
: Hey what time y'all trynna leave...im good whenever hey we good anytime aft 10:30
Welcome to my boy restaurant extraodinaire to Twitter!
Get the party started for him and give him a follow ya'll!
We are moving merch around!
Come see new products and the a changed around store!
Eating dinner at the same diner as a big band from my childhood.
Best of luck to youyou'll be sorely missed!
Bitch I'm opening pockets not legs I give conversation but u giving head
this girls right with you.
I'm sure that's what it is!
prefer rdio over spotify purely for web interface
That's pretty analog.
I was thinking about how you work as I wrote that tweet.
GWU, any plans for the Superbowl?
Come to Metro Diner for .50 chicken wings and watch the game with us!
If there were leftover Chinese food restaurants, they'd be my new favorite breakfast places.
I'm slowing working through that memoir book.
It's stunning how much reading it brings to my surface.
Today just started, and I haven't slept yet, and things are already bad I have a feeling they're only going to get worse as the day goes on
I'm wearing a dicktowel to the Run Ham Off.
raging and working as usual haha we need to be reunited soon
Slamming at Raymond's Tacos keeping it real gully with gay
Nothing because she also ate...THEM :O
haha thanks jamie!!
RT Small blood clot found around Oden's left ankle during preop exam.
Doctors have treated it, and there are no worries/concerns
Nah.
Anything before opening day doesn't count, IMHO.
They also lost to their farm team a few days ago.
yes..
Because you really want to our you wouldn't bring it up.
well duh
Cinco de Mayo at a Mexican restaurant.
Fun wait...
:P
oh yes most certainly, not missing that again!
I was sad we didn't go last year.
I have more  now I can afford it.
Goin early for BP
I want that part back.
The id do everything for you part.
Not the I will reject you everyday part.
I just don't know.
:/
thank you for the tweet!
Such vitriol.
Is this because I'm representing your wife during the divorce?
Checking your house for asbestos as we speak.
Thank bro, glad you like the pics :
Love you!!
It has been medically been proven that laughter is an effective pain killer.
Via the Funny Facts Free app 
Just realized the Eagles' title One of These Nights plays on the common expression one of these days.
watching it at a bar, the next best thing.
Oscars on mute nba all star getting top billing.
Thanks bro for the follow back!
Tomorrow: PHAME kicks off our 2012 phamesparkle gala in high style  we have a kicking event committee, amazing cochairs  inspiration!
good morning austin;
ICTs  related eapplications are key instruments providing basic services  achieving the MDGs
Just wish i have some time to skate and learn some trick
Glad to see another kindoctord spirit...
and DC ain't so bad!
:
Bubbles, Bonarda, Blends, Barbera, Beer..We have a Big Glass or bottle to please everybody...Plus Happy Hour from 57pm...Salud!
If you're a DBA and you need help from developers to get connection pooling properly configured you should probably consider a job change.
Looking for a healthy dinner spot?
Tender Greens has you covered, its fresh and simple  plus theyre close to our office.
Check them...
oh u can't be....come now...come now...COME NOW.
M nmmnmm do love me some fresh herb
You back....and now this
: they only call games when there are 6 NBA players on 1 team BBN LOL!!
Happy Groundhog Day, everyone!
gives terrible advice for places to eat Japanese food

A Girlfriend's Job Is To Keep Her Man On The Right Track, Hold Him Down,  Have His Back Through Thick  Thin..
Good Night.
Thank God.
Better Tomorrow, America.
do midgets qualify????
I just spent last 2 hours  Oliver Rec.
Talking w/ a Dad who grew up here himself.
Anybody who's spent time at these, knows we CANT cl ...
Wilcoxson : when use of other people's work goes beyond fairuse  crosses the line to creation of a derivative work is legally tricky
I AGREE
u make it sound like they make good products ; im just happy the site doesn't crash.
This just in  Tpaw now regrets supporting Romney too soon.
can someone prescribe him cialis
I love you, too, Princess!!!
3
haha i bet
true.
But who has the best eyes, Harry or Zayn?
Ugh, I can't decide.
I think Harry does.
:
Do you have a craft skill you'd like to share with others?
We are working on our upcoming workshops and would love to talk to you!
...so does that mean the original Star Wars trilogy is irrelevant?
Millions of fans would disagree.
Roger that!
The axe was given!!!
A3: If you are using people they should be facing your action.
Spring?
Amen!
and fill those potholes!
Ha, just a plain band.
Interesting.
Did I mention that you rock?!?
Thanks!!!!
Today after school  :
Honestly don't feel like babysitting but its money.
Get real with Todd Carmichael Who: Coowner of fancypants coffee roaster La Colombe, trekked across Antarctica for awardwinning film n
sorry..I'm being rude..I apologize..I'm just in a bad mood..
Wow, MCA is dead.
Sure to shake up a lot of us Gen Xers.
Can't wait for to get to
Big name pizza places have lots of commercials, we've got lots of yummy restaurants
Tried to cook artichoke hearts and burnt myself instead
time to crack open the long underwear and snow sleds!
Come up one day and we'll show u how it's done, wisco style ; 
Burglaries of residential properties accounted for 70.3 percent of all burglary offenses.
Gettin' tiring hearing slammers begin every other sentence with I.
You too?
If you are a scholar or student, this is a great place to call home
On My Way To Finish The Last Scene Of This Video Me N My Boy's workin On....You Aint Sayin Nothin
C.
Kent Wright To sway an audience you must watch them as you speak.
Our love is weak, but sincere.
And God enjoys us in our immaturity  not just after we're grown.
RT : I Felt Like Puttin' It Out There Since Want Put Those Girls Out There .
...Its All good.
RT : Downloading the SMASH soundtrack post math test because you have an iPhone  you can : can't wait to have my belting...
I love her, I hope so!
I enjoyed you in mattg's videos you should do more with him :
Great way to end the day!
5 mile sprint on the bike!
...maybe i've been watching the Tour de France too much
son cannot open the video on my phone.
icloud  google apps ios5  andoctorid 1.0 mac osx  mac osx lion  snow leopard that could have been the wwdc keynote
Happy mothers day to all my followers' mommas
that was the joke ..
lol
The difference between a doctoram and a wish is what you do today
It's Make an offer Monday at www.notnilladesigns.artfire...!
Make me a resonable offer by contacting me on artfire and it's yours!
Nothing much chilling.
What's good with u
cont...
year old comes through.
well when I get my setup you are more than welcome to eat shit on them
doctor Henchcliffe: glutathione being studied with brain scan in small group of people with pd and controls pairup4pd nyc
Lou Gossett is officially a Oscar Gold member
what the hell is all this oatmeal about
I wanted to sleep in, but I suppose with my hours that's what 6am is.
Beginning this wknd, 1/20/12  every wknd moving forward we will offer tours in North Park!
Come check us out in a funky, hip part of town!
actually...
Wait nvm.
I don't have money lol
I'm going to Atlanta :
hahahaha I probably don't...
But whatever I'm not starting over
when its due
Update from Life Tracker composer Ryan Whitney Beginning to hit my stride with the process.
Woohoo!
: scars remind us of where we've been.
not where we're going.
love this!
Aka love her haha
Yeah, he sure is.
Media racket to push ratings!
LOL!
Women can't be as stupid as men.
Good morning from Digital Archive of Literacy Narratives to our many friends  the MLA12 convention!
Happy mothers day!!!
Wish I wasn't talking about some girls in our school.
Happy Opening Day!!
Heading to the Hardoctorck with to celebrate 21st Birthday!!!!
I feel hyper.
First day at HondaJet...
Pacers is pretty good.
Getting ready for school.
Omg awk day .
That's a fight I didn't think would happen a few years ago.
Judah vs Marquez is interesting.
I missed it what did world peace do?
i 3 your tweets!!
These are rock star educators!
President Franklin of Black Male Summit panelists
What's with all the earthquakes yesterday?!
Peru, Wisconsin, Virginia...
Will be watching the SuperBowl for the first time in 6 years.
Lets go Steelers!!!
Just checked out the rooms  The Palms blocked off for Superdoctorft this year.
Sweet!
Sometimes I think too much then put myself in a bad mood.
follow back?:
Is it legal to travel down a road in reverse,
Very nice!
I love it when I get to meet a tweep in person!
Watchin Total Blackout with
You see, everything breaks before it bleeds.
That relationship where your both Lovers and Friends 
your just too good to be true cant take my eyes off of you.
Flyline Search Marketing is a Google Adwords Certified Partner.
www.FlylineSearchMarketing.com Call if you need assistance 8662585511
Looking for plans in Milwaukee tomorrow night?
Check out at !
Put that thing away!
I can see u : : Listen for a pulse light as a light.
Thank you for sharing that amazingly written story!
You are beautiful.
Love O'Connor's writing style.
Hate the amount of racism in her stories.
Right now: Avi Nelson,  weighing in on the racist tweets postBruins loss.
Are they significant?
Is Boston racist?
OH: Do you have a penny so I can make the world safe for democracy?
Sadly, I didn't.
She gargled!
I'm good!!!!
How about yourself?
egg whites, swiss and spinach  perfect breakfast for a cool miami morning
today was such a shitty day
my dear,it is sold at the store.
A minirestr inside the grocery store,kama zile za nkmt.
ah, that would be Scotland the brave.
I could play that one badly as well.
hell yeah that is ruthless.tell them give me a discount lol it business.
next call to ATT lol if you know what i mean
just heard it you could of sent me that sample , is she's a 10 productions hot to you?
Lol, okay but you have to tell him u dont care tomorrow or i can give you his email to email him
the girls just finish eating now they are taking a bath
Follow me on Instagram  SassnStyle for LOTS of style inspiration.
Tons of outfits!
Lunch  now pie from HoneyPie.
I just read Super Fun Night, hilarious!!!!
Dude you need a hairy gal to play Marika I'd be honored to audition :
Grateful for all of your good deeds.
In 201031.6 percent of households headed by single women were poor 6.2 percent of marriedcouple households lived in poverty
hey Lake did you know that you're production company bounced pay checks on all the background actors for in a world??
When food says sugar free or no sugar added it shouldn't have substitutes either!
Annoyed by fake sugar.
Can I just have juice?
I love you too !
woman .NO.19 chemicalclass examination paper .Chemistry teacher ...
nah I was talkin about smokin doobies in your professorle.
Crack is wack, Chill out lil guy.
mayweather SUCKS ;D
Pitiful how much of a loser LeBron truly is.
When it gets tough, he disappears.
That's the fringe spirit!
RT : I have an indyfringe system.
I go into a theater without even knowing the name of the play.
Since I'm in Atlanta I think I'll go to
Preds score on a TD pass from Leak to Toliverhis 3rd this half.
The score gives Orlando a 3727 lead.
just had to google tcot Ironically as bad of an acronym as PPACA.
Also proves that I'm bad at the Internet and politics for not knowing
Enjoy your evening Darlings :
The gauge looks great!
I can't wait for the post!
Franchise shantytowns springing up all over America!
What r ya going to do?
We r stuck w/ him :  on table time: Boozer sat last 16:07 tonight  last 14:24 of game 5 vs
Sending you a DM  let's connect!
I heard you're good in algebra, can you replace my 'x' without asking 'y'?
Great to hear from you!
Send us an email at  and we can chat!
O now mister stomach virus wants to play mhmm......
Pick up a copy of the Aurora Your Hub in the Denver Post's Thanksgiving edition  help put a smile on a sick child's face this Holiday!
I hate that song
ha what movie did you see cuuz i went to the movies too: ??
Thank you so much for spreading the word about the Fazzino RIDE!
i think yu should trash eve nd i think it would be great to c zack ryder vs dolph ziggler for the internet championship w.m.
29
So sad to hear about Levon Helm.
The Band has been silenced.
Their voices got me through a lot of tough times.
thanks anyway!
Illinois state Lions Club Convention tomorrow through Saturday in Decatur!
Lions are great advocates for preserving and restoring
sweet Pens game, loved seeing Sullivan notch his 700th point.
Time to try and get some shuteye to this Kings/Sharks game.
Great 1st quarter
You disappointed me 
axe to the grindstone .
.
.
.
monday.
sigh .
already?
Definitely go see it!!
watching shave
away from me when I turned around lmao like I can't even deal with my life right now
Whew!
I feel better .
.
.
I was begining to worry that Central Park was dangerous at night.
Great first rehearsal with the cast.
We've already taken some great steps and these actors are becoming these characters.
Exciting!!
spotted the cure, joy division  wham T's!
so cute!
will have to make a request for a DM one: thanks!
Yes, certainly am doing that.
Will have outwardfacing site by April 11th or so.
Thx
RT : I'm come out when da sun go downTHISS...lol it is hot as hell
First thing is see when I go on twitter is Naked Harry..
yeah that was it...lol..the,,,had me thrown off for a minute..
good morning  Im a little bummed I didnt get to see my crush yesterday.
I have been so busy with helping my sis move.
Nitra and Kia came
Impressed to see the two undead mages in our guild  and  moving up the leaderboard.
Super excited!
Received my ARC of What the Night Knows by Dean Koontz.
Couldn't wait to get started on it, so I did!
sure thing, we wish you all the best!
my macbookpro is not feeling well and is currently in the hospital getitng surgery.
have some fab post for you as soon as she gets well!!!
My day goin pretty good how bout yours???
I like it a lot.
Next week will be the true test.
I'll be there full time.
I've only been down there a few afternoons so far.
I prayed about it, but I don't know to which god.
and a retweet  deep breaths :
Prediction: fundamental change in education will happen due to a force from outside of education.
Had a great lunch w/our insurance reps  talked about some possible new programs.
When I text you, that means I miss you.
When I don't text you, that just means I'm waiting for you to miss me.
Yes.
We are the largest provider of GPS vehicle tracking in the BHPH, USED CAR DEALER,  NEW CAR DEALER industry.
my mom most likely
On the editing grind!!!
All that time lapse talk these last weeks?
yep  now it's got to be cut.
And quick!
allnighters ahead of me.
just tweeted a good link to it
Today is my someday...
will retweet me.
neversaynever 43
Yup.
should have been the 22.
RT  Baseball will always be a legitimate distraction in my book.
You look so familiar.
Are you a member of The Actor's Network by chance?
Or maybe we took a class together...
I kind of wish that the Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson theme song was actually a real song.
I need tickets!
debating if i should run in my sisters room and hop on her bed ???
hm
RT  Let's be honest, the Jacksonville Jaguars are clearly the best team in the NFL.
Today's not my birthday!
Ya ya ya ya ya ya!
Yeah you are.
RT : Aint been out w/ my LB since he turned 21....um slack'n smh
I have a serious addiction to painting my nails.
that's good.
Ready for Christmas?
Wishing everyone the very best!
Im so confused!!
SOMEONE HELP ME!!
SOS :,c
awww i was guna ask if you guys wanted to come to brookfield with me and jordan !
DOUBLE DARE YA  Not to talk about dieting or use any negative self talk today!
HAPPY INTERNATIONAL NO DIET DAY!
I need a new phone
doctorgs are a bet with your mind.
Jim Morrison
I'm using Google Chrome.
What types of issues are you having?
I can't look at Skylar McBee without laughing.
i would!
Watch him call at like 3 am lol.
Id still answer ahaha .
I want david or someone to call u too!!: or dave or troy :p
Can you shoot me a DM about the festival request?
bro don't worry she'll be fine u see her on Wednesday in Spain
Wow my hair is disgusting.
I didn't, I got into it with Barksdale the day after that one...
Last 2 weeks of being 13
doctorke is da most lyrical rapper out
so since i dont have a phone i'll just tweet at you.
Where are you bra?
I can already tell this is going to be fun Chris.
Getting so sick of constant nosebleeds.
Especially when all I want to do is go to sleep!
Womp, womp.
Need to upgrade my PC.
New processor mobo, vid card and sound card.
Suggestions welcome.
Have an XPS 720 that was great in 2010, but now ...
Neat, I would be!
I'll let you know when I get things squared away with registration/travel.
Well...
I survived my first final.
If I'm lucky, I'll get a B for the class.
That's saying something for a Biology class!
Almost to 400 followers!
Starting 2008, crash, then bailouts, then stimulus, then austerity, and back to bailouts.
Now the West can't find money, so chaos looms.
Ray Allen only makes one FT.
2 point game at the Garden with 9 seconds left
Congrats!!!!
I am so happy you won The Voice!!!
U deserve it ...
And You Rock!!!
Awesome Coaching!!
NEW DANK SUPER STRONG CONCENTRATES IN: Orange Kush Kief  Trainwreck Full Melt Hash, both ONLY 25/Gram!
FREE PreRolls ALL DAY!
Woot Woot!
Take action with the knowledge you already have and you will experience excitement!
I will not bite my tongue to spare ur feelings
Yes!
That's awesome.
DM me your addy?
I will email w/ details
Ben and Jerry's Chubby Hubby.
A perfect mix of sweet and salty.
is there a better semi out there?!
I think not!!
Tough choice for FFA at 1.07 we go with Cam Newton and build the team from the QB position
God please be with me !!!
Okay, now i did lol
Give us your feedback!
How do you like MobiDeals?
We want to hear from you!
Follow me please!
I'm great simpsonizer!
143 so much!
Never change, your voice is amazing :3 .
Follow me :3 follow me34
Thanks for the RT
Dang.
owned
Thanks for the follow!
As they would say in Boston, spare me this talk about family.
are you a horse?
..no..?
can i ride you anyway?
yeah they're warm and the chocolate chips are alwys nice and melted...m.
St Patrick's Day so much to do so little time!
yeah!
That'd be awesome!
Spring break!
Instead of trying to prevent gays from marrying maybe we should worry about the nationl debt and people who are out of work.
Done with my 5 hour dance schedule thank God.
Hahahahahaha!
You're so two faced!
can you live without jailbreak in PK?
My husband just told me that 20 for Baylor is his cousin ...small world.
do they have to wear a hairnet?
Avatarded: effects of Avatar after the comedown.
Ranges from haziness after a day of use or the gaping minds of those who abuse it regularly
and no you havent?
Finally they put creepshow on Netflix
Take me seriously because I mean this.
hautespot So much fun!
can't wait to see victoria!
hope me and my friends get picked for modeling!
RT Study finds eating fast food will not only make you likely to put on weight but may give you the blues as well...
What we do in 140: Help kids: graduate; make good decisions; stay mentally and physically healthy!
Fruit !!!
Om nom nom, also the subject of my new background :
You jump, I jump, remember?
Titanic
when u gonna lace em up for the nugs again
Its Real Out There
Yep imma mary him , if he ever asks me to marry him in the future ; i most definitely would say YES :
On the bright side, maybe the Rapture will give Democrats control of the South.
I would rather be ashes than dust!
I would rather that my spark should burn out in a brilliant blaze than it should be stifled by doctorrot
FREE AT LAST FREE AT LAST THANK GOD ALMIGHTY I'M FREE AT LAST....
WHOOHOO!!!!!
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!!
Entertaining for the holidays?
Book dinner with us at Grazie: 305.673.1312.
LOVE this move...
RT The Falcons are on the verge of acquiring Eagles ProBowl cornerback Asante Samuel for a lateround pick.
Yoga master, touch your toes?
at the 13mile mark of reviewing papers.
breaking for gatorade.
Super Bowl was irresponsible, unbridled machismo and consumerism, and I loved every minute of it.
I never understood that line.
It's so ambiguous yet they keep pushing it...??
NBA Refs rewarding flops is going in the wrong direction.
There isn't one NBA ref that has it together...shame for the league
Sexting my girlfriend in statistics class
Listening to makes me want to write more and become a better artist.
One of the best right now.
FF
Misread an email subject line.
It was, Amazing Bathroom Redos.
I looked at it and thought, Amazing bathroom rodeos?!!!
NowPlaying: Fight to Win  Goodie Mob  Cee Lo Green
Just spent 18 hours on a new design for my acting website to realize it doesn't work on any level, back to the doctorwing board we go...
Narb tailgate!
What a beautiful day!
Our crew of 400 will be happy!
Even though Ashley Morgan doesn't haVe a twitter she's still cool!
:
about time we followed your lead
Ladies Love Me is doooppppeeeee!
Follow me
Tough day!!
Dyeing my hair blue with :
If I had to make eyeball estimate, I'd say there are about 17,000 in attendance  tonight's Pacers game.
lots of tix were sold very cheap.
Made it through day one.
Going home to chill.
COME SEE ME :
Thanks for clarifying, Mickey!
I hate the word boi 
School dance tomorrow :
We live in the same city!
We can make it happen for real, even.
Both Bridget Naso and I are sick on the set of KUSI, trying to anchor a 4hour newscast together.
Fun!
Thanks Brotha!
Shout out to I see them killing shit!
respect
Had an awesome day with the Family and Friends!!
: Mexico WON!
and my Bff's 21 st surprise Birthday : doctornking yelling dancing!!
Lol FUN
I've passed Management.
Guess that means I can manage people.
One final left, Information Tech...
Let's go and may be dancing last but you're still first!!
Jeopardy!
contestants should yell Jeopardy!
after incorrect answers.
For 4/8/12 will be one of the greatest days of his life .
succumbing to the dark side of the force...
rain story of my life lol
URGH says this GDI.
RT : well duh, don't you think the Greeks need more space on campus?
Would I ever ask something daring and innappropriate!?
::blinks innocently::
Rich Eisen isn't very good at his job.
The cat.
Although you'd think given the sort of friends I hang out with that it might be the president.
you're nice 
got home last night when Tala was already asleep, then finished getting ready this morning when Tala had already left
is a hottie
Um, naked MMs are chocolate chips.
Don't be fooled.
Q6 I'm really impressed how they write on so many different surfaces
I done ate up all my humble pie
nigga hush I'm following to punk ass
iwishicould think of something to wish about
Insanity for my cardio day is in the books, now time for a cpl of mtngs, then psych homework to be done.
Gotta love being productive :.
we look forward to this year's photos and post.
Hopefully we see you before Labor Day though!
lmao!
No I'm not gonna do tht to u tonight!
This eagles team looks scary good.
Just saw in the audience of podcast.
Amazing msg!
was it good?
I'm going when miranda lambert and kellie pickler are there.
:
need to think about creating Leplets
Last episode of the Bad Girls Club is tonight.
:
All salesmen are full of shit.
She stretched In the hammock, Sipped Her doctornk, And said, I'd be A lawyer If I could run Faster.
BEFORE and AFTER: Denice is using Skinny Fiber to improve her beach body, she's already lost 25lbs.
in 6 weeks.
This product is changing...
So I was thinking that we should giveaway a game or two tonight.
Should we?
Maybe Angry Birds Space?
Your kisses is sweeter then honey.
But guess what!
So is my money!
good graphics but bad storyline.
Cool movie to see in 3D tho.
Is there a way to watch a tv show and listen to music at the same time while still paying attention to both?
Someone invent that please.
I think I'll go just to take finals and be done with Consortium.
So not a morning person but today I feel happy 1.
It's FRIDAY baby 2.
Just listened to 3.It's FRIDAY!!!!!!
what do you mean can two men fuck each other in the ass STUPID
I use goodoctorads group feature to chat about books.
Comment on books students have read and recommend titles
How to appeal your taxcase with the
Thursday works for me!
nov1st is gunna be a great day!
Happy early xmas ;
Lord, the light of your faith and courage lights our path through darkened days, eyes fixed on the blinding brilliance of your resurrection.
thanks for RT!
Yeah, I was sorta vicious in my review.
I'll be sure to check out your post soon.
RT : Ladies keep it tight, Fellas Eat her right ;
Do you work in NYC?
Matthew
good night : Rock on
My Swagger is galactic, imma need uh rocket
Looking forward to a lull in client work to update the DW website and more.
MLK,Jr was a gift to the world!!
28 degrees..
Love it winter's here
Prom is today and to top it off I feel Like shit and I have to do so much stuff ...
Why am I not excited ?
For him to steep so low, he must either be crazy or he's fallen head over heels
what are ya talking about crazy?
Well said!
great to see you on Friday.
Hooray for being irrelevant ;!
Hung out with my sis today for a little while.
Enjoyed you bxtch!
:
that's hurtful bro.
I spit that Ether!
I want to know why my nose piercing hole smells wierd!
Thanks for follow
Bowl Games are about as interesting as Youth Leage Soccer................It's not interesting.
Speaking of luck, there is part I of luck, Best turning pro.
Just can't afford a hiccup in Rocky Top.
Buzz in a bit with Erik.
Gonna rawk!
A: We do a lot of things with a lot of the free clinics, we're working with mayor's office on a project in Church Hill
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work.
Kahlil Gibran
i got beat up the whole time i was outside.
: Sometimes we are given only a few minutes to be with the ones we love, and a thousand hours to spend thinking of them.
just saw the victoria secret commerical with playing as the background!
Made MY Night!
I was wrong.
Go figure.
When boys rather stay up on the phone with you than go to sleep 3
wish i could watch...
but...
uhh...
im not even gonna even make up an excuse, ill be asleep...
xDD
Happy Leap Day!
So, i've gotten a reply from everyone in except for Cameron and Tyler.
Why boys...why?
Should have known that something was up after Ishii's backandforth with all the major orgs prior to his debut though.
That was a fun party.
Thanks for sharing today's blog entry!
nope, to Hawaii for the next year :
I just wish everything wouldn't get so complicated right when I think everything is ok again....
dont forget my Koala.
I think he will fit in your suitcase.
My evil twin and I tossed a coin to see who got to play today.
Guess who won?
Not yet.
Lol.
Finishing school is my first priority right now!
You?
Laughed in the sun, and kissed the lovely grass.
Rupert Brooke
watched the interview ...
Fantastic!
You're doctorve and passion is beyond enthusiastic...
I strive for it everyday!
I just want to listen to speak all night.
Looking forward to it!
I can show you our exciting greenhouse and our even more exciting grad dungeon.
golden gold
Find a trusted colleague to provide honest course feedback.
haha  I'm not going to argue with your assessment.
Happy St.
Pat's to you as well!
Have a breakfast burrito for me, please.
I wanna see you!!!!!!
It's been forever!
Thats what happens when you are around Angelos for any length of time
Ach, should have brought my ukulele in today!
The morning started out so promising w/ the internet down.
Told today I was L.A.
19.
Whatever the hell that means.
thanks!
Retweet and tell your friends!
We play in less than 2 weeks!
:D
Consider using a rep to be the face of your social media program.
This allows people to connect with your company on a personal level.
God I hate dc.
This traffic is making me homicidal.
nowwatching Enjoying Everyday Life with :
So far critical opinion seems to be split although I'm seeing more hate on Twitter
So good to find the BBC and CBC...
good radio is...well...so good!
he would tell me you a always get the same thing every time lol so he picked out toppings for me
Is there a lower form of human than the CRAIGSLIST REAL ESTATE BROKER?
There's no way your name is Douglas Douglas, Douglas.
doctorve past JB, and automatically assumed and were inside
Technically it was outdoors at midnight...
But, details.
Barring a trade, there will be a new addition to the family tonight.
RT : MutantEmcee 's come out and play ......
www.MutantEmcee.com
Wow!
RT : Annika from Rho Chapter at raised over 20,000 for the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center!
Great year at Oswego.
Excited for next year.
Looking forward to a busy week for www.greenrenaissance.com/fair
fml .
i swear.
On the road to Houston, I cant wait to get there already, and to weighin tomarrow, IM HUNGRY!!!!!!
Bayview?
More like Beardview.
Lots of beards here.
They gave me one to wear while we visit
I hope I did good on that test.
Good question.
While we do pin most joints for strength and durability, we don't typically use doctorwbore pegs/pins.
CHICAGO SHOW  The Elbo Room  DYNAMIC BOX  Others  611pm  Sunday, Aug.
1st  MAKE your weekend Count!
ROCK!
I've already had 3 fights with my dad about her being here.
It's what he wants and I told him to leave me out of it from now on.
harry potter was mindblowing.
I'd love to be famous.
sometimes people on Twitter are just creepers XD.
also, please follow me or follow me back 3 :
is the Sanford PD a private police setup?
TY for coverage
this movie is gay.
:o i rather watch Fred...
:
I have a feeling May is going to be a pretty fabulous month.
It certainly has been thus far.
Glad I could provide a tweetbite worthy quote to use in your article.
Cheers!
I had fun today.
Gotta work tomorrow I should get some sleep..
Z3
its okay, everyone has their moments awwk x
appears for 4th time in 5 days.
Before game Roenicke said he trusts him to tell him if the workload is becoming too great
A4 a cool visual with great thought make a tweet exponentially more powerful :
Ate at FoxtailNHounds had Grn Ch.ChBurger a green beer,and a BlacknTan!Happy St.
Patricks Day!
It's funny how, no matter how often I take the G train, the smell of feces at each station is still shocking.
Control by on WRVU 91.1 Nashville right now!
Winning!
Everyone is saying that.
I might have to go.
Should of Hit me Bro
YouGottaBeKiddingIf you think America's got talent
when ppl say one thing, but mean the other and think we have mind reading powers to for see wtf they thinking 
I LOVE YOU!!!!
You are so talented and amazing, oh i love your accent33 please please please tweet me back?!?!?!3
about to take a risk!
the life of an actor is all about tenacity and persistence.
Thanks for sharing SpaceRace2012 with your followers!
Google Map truck spotted on our street by People were waving at it.
Hope he got filmed
Try and steal this.
You can't steal happiness...
about to whip in some FIFA ;
THAT WAS KIRSTEN!!!!
LMAO ;P
wanna be a winner??
erase that doubt!
Smashing some burgers w
: RT Any burrito can be a breakfast burrito if you eat it early enough.
The shirt ...
questionable.
The pants ...
iffy.
That belt ...
lawdhavemercy.
Dear Orioles, thanks for the hope!!
Please don't break my heart next year!!
In west virginia.
Hello west virginians
Every time I see a beagle I have to resist the urge to run after it.
I love elderly ppl w a passion but they need to have their own lane to doctorve in...like the HOVthe OPP lane: old ppl plz
im in da studio wut time u get out work!?
Learning from client IU Public Policy Institute about recs in new Policy Choices for Indiana's Future report.
Father, forgive them Ignorance is no excuse.
Christs death, Christs forgiveness is still required.
The most realistic aspect of is that composers indeed need an assistant!
Picking up doctor cleaning and making tea is such a pain!
I believe it!
I'll be contributing more as well.
Do you have relatives there?
we have to stop playing phone tag my friend.
good morning dear!
SFUSD board president Hydoctor Mendoza: really proud of work is doing ...
expecting your students to bring our comm'ty upout
And I'm still up.
No problem, plus you're awesome at the job Happy Birthday as well!
I seriously hate Ross ...
Sometimes i know you want me an other times I dunno....
but honestly I don't wanna play the guessing game
On my way back home, after enjoying 5 fabulous days in
my grandpa used to say, there's no such thing as a bad beer, some are just better than others.

www.MadeInSatx.com has a couple of movers listed.
I just don't get the logic of some people.
Wow really needed this today RT : If you believe, you will receive.
Matthew 21:22
The Ramayan has lists of allies Rama has when going to liberate his wife from bad guy.
Compare Iliad book 2.
give your voice a break, let your beard take over
All packed up and ready to fly home.
This has been absolutly incredible!
I will never forget this city, the people I met and the...
How does one transcend hot and cold?
I keep a open mind and try to learn new things each day..
Getting ready for our interview with the Cincinnati Enquirer!
Happy Friday!
:
RT I'm feeling like war tonight.
Especially fiesty.
Bring it.
I think Carolina BBQ is just OK.
Tonight: People's Improv Theater with Tomorrow: doctornking water for 40 days....
I Miss You Terribly Babe :/
FF support local radio!
Follow Fridays!
Point is, about 25 yrs ago, it became v.
fashionable for regular old white people to claim native heritage.
He's one of em.
Come to the hall 1st RT : I wish I could  but I have the Broadway at Birdland concert!
Is that rain?
No bitch, you just got so famous that you went blind, deaf, and retarded!
Gezzz shows how lazy our society is becoming
John Verbos never fails to mind fuck me.
Never.
r ppl still tweetin??
i tink de're 2 busy watchin the show!!
Why do I like you so much
The older I get the more I appreciate the good in people coupled with zero tolerance for stupidity.
Couldn't ask for a better day.
RC3 was incredible , Tribes was awesome, spent time with my lady and all this on 4 hours of sleep.
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change; courage to change the things I can; and wisdom to know the difference.
wats up how u been
sometimes people would give my Dad a hard time, and he'd moon them.
they'd shut right up.
I've done both, so I'd say everyone wants the same things: Quality work, on deadline.
Do that for everyone  you're good.
send it to me again, it didn't go thru
So cocky.
Oh wait...
Not Really.
YES.
RT : We need some Funk at the next SuperBowl...
I'm startin the call right now.
PFunk All Stars  SuperBowl 2013.
Happy Halloween Tweet Ghost Riders!!!
Get 1000 Business Cards 39.99!!!
Call today for more info 7205426105!
Foot: stiff Achilles tendon
I'm good ....
hows the lil one
NewFeds mentioned looking at job descriptions as a wordle.
Copy  paste into wordle.net
Yeah man he had all those playoff wins.
Oh wait.
If you woke up this morning, you don't look like what you been through.
I'm about to pull my Choppa suit out the closet.
Composing music in Logic is like trying to break out of prison with a nail file.
Ah, as I said, you ARE the most devastatingly devilish demon.
And ALL mine!
; G'night!!!
Astro Jet Car Wash in Sellwood uses the FINEST ECOfriendly chemicals for cleaning your vehicles.They are better than your dishwasher soap!
Wicked Wednesday Follows 
i've only packed half of my suitcase 
i send you an email yesterday so i hope to hear back tommorow as my client is waiting on an answer
Aud at cmoa is filling up
doctorams money can buy.
That's totally my MO these days.
Go home early/ WFH to be as productive as humanly possible.
Gotta love the irony!
...if I used a pink ribbon in a marketing initiative and was promoting something other than fighting women's cancers.
We all...
The air stings my lungs
things will come around.
I'll pray on it.
:

sandikrakowski: I have such respect for those who face their issues and don't blame.
No matter what it takes, do the work.
Laying in the sun for 2 hours then spraying myself with the freezing hose  The Best Feeling Ever.
good meeting you this morning with Enjoy the game!
shehechat I must confess that I have not yet explored Pinterest for myself or my org.
Thanks.
Happy New Year from Seattle!
I'm at the cbjdoctorftLotteryTweetUp and can't decide what to eat
Whether I run one mile or four, that first mile is always the worst!!
After that it's easier.
i salute keep da movement going
RT IF YOU WANT ME TO CALL YOU.
CALLING ALL MY FANS TONIGHT!
I miss you too, but I prob won't see you until June : We'll see.
Hope all is well with you.
When a good thing goes bad, its not the end of the world.
It's just the end of a world that you had with one girl...
WOW you loaded a lot into that tweet  nice!
allison call me!
Watching Messi is just unreal.
He controls the ball better than anyone on the planet.
Now another Monticello High School student at bosmtg is arguing money for the westernbypass should go to teachers in
Very cool.
I love Gin Old Fashioned style.
Did you enjoy the ambiance and overall experience?
Big city living objective 1 complete: chased down a bus through traffic
Good lesson for all.
MT : Pawlenty said learned that he should have been more authentic and let the chips fall where they may
Very pretty jewelry on your Etsy page!
sounds like espn was desperate to manufacture a story, god knows that never happens
McConnell, Rove, Ryan, Cantor are among the most evil men to ever walk the earth.
All they lack is opportunity...
Is it Tony Plush or Tony Clutch!!!
Break em' off another Capital T Plush!!
Plushdamental 133 Be Clutch
RT RT series on PostSocialist Punk in Eastern Europe from iTunesU in the Social Sciences section!
Ur a little younger than me.....
may b .....when u eighteen ...but we could be bfs if u want....
they need to stand up for you since you can't speak hooman.
Mom learned hard way but it wasn't too layte
been on a facebook hiatus, but i'll be there.
it was the 7th at charlie brown's right?
excellent choice
Work is over and now it's time to start playing some poker on FullTilt
I'm in the Club World lounge waiting for my flight to Copenhagen.
How did a girl from Hobart end up here?!
so tired.
hey I didn't say that I said if we were the avengers you'd be the black guy
Writing 500 times in cursive: I will not be jealous.
I will not be jealous...
:
Also notable in light of article earlier this week indicating falloff in book scanning at libraries.
not entirely sure how that applies, but hey it still sounds intelligent.
whoa!
cool
I'm at my daughter's dance recital
Ugh fuck.
I love my bestie to death, but he's such an ass sometimes.
So glad we ended up just friends.
you alright?
Hi Thx 4 following All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Ltd Time offer Contact
fix the var declaration to use class reference instead of id
I hope it's already SUMMER tho, I wanna swim in the beach, go on somewhere, and no tons of homework to do.
Making beer dip, buffalostyle chicken chili dip, cheese  pepperoni dip and jalapeno ranch dip w/ at 8:45
First week in February!
Boston's throwback uniforms are fucking SiCK!
Is everyone at Super Sunday?
I'm at the bookstore and its awfully slow in here...
Finally off to sleep.....
Wk in the a.m....Goodnite tweeters....
A new selfguided bullet works similar to a missile, able to hit targets more than a mile away.
1 for any skin type is to take a fish oil supplement so that you are nourished from the inside out!
I like the thought of sweet biscuits in the morning...
I would love to go to this twakeover, but i don't haves any moneys.
Damn son.
LaMont J.'s new album cover is HOT thanks to designer Alexis R.!
workinprogress staytuned!
Are.
You.
Kidding me.
TY I did!
GR8 Week to u all
Deleting mad people...
fuck these flaw people taking up my memory
track?!
oh gosh that involves running...
Pretend to fall and sprain your ankle!
:/ well maybe that's not the best plan...
: smoke that shit good cough cough lmao
get a circle first and keep It small
Any ideas for a new JaeWan tshirt?
Check out my homies from on the T.I.
And Tiny show on VH1 right now
So impressed with the city right now.
Everything is looking better that expected
Good job on Firsttake way to rep !
Okeechobee, FL...
I would ask you but I assume it's Tallahassee cause I seen your tweet bout headin home today...
: 35 minutes till its Friday basedgod!
I wish :/
Your bitch give me brain she's a know it all.
it was agreed upon at the book club that this was indeed the case.
Take pride!
:
New Music comin yall Way 32 New Beats.6 songs completed so far..recording starts  midnight...
They love me :
Sometimes I wish I still had my virginity.
don't be afraid.
The mustache will protect you
Parents, advise your student to always talk with you first before answering any questions from school authorities when police are present.
Have fun then.
I used to teach Bible studies....random confession haha.
I really hope you've had your caffeine!
I will always 3 Justin BIEBER no matter what!
even if he dyed his hair bright red.
I love JB not just for his looks but for his personality
Imma take a dance class to get ready!
And buy Just Dance!
And Zumba Fitness!
And watch Step Up 100 times!
good luck!
Bitches needa stop it with their doctorwn on eyebrows .
Especially when its hellah too dark and crooked .
understandable.
you can general questions to or add their event schedule to your calendar to make their next meeting
thanks for having me
20 more till 1000 followers :D
5.7 lb fluke won the 250 reel today!!
Season pass for 1st 7lbder still up for grabs!
cos I'm creative innit :P
I'm getting the feeling that you have a thing for bisexual guys ;p
while every new technology has req'd new balance in law, the Internet may be a unique tool requiring a more complicated process
Wow!
Thanks!
Yes, I would love to do it again!
they bleeped it, but it was hilarious to hear you swear nonetheless!
Hahaha I know but still.
It would be better without him.
Thx, Julia!
RT : Good reporting by AP's shows it's hard to be evidencebased in arguing for or against...
muthafuckas dnt wash up either bro, get yo itchy booty ass away from me wit dat
amisterading Provenance: How a con man and a forger rewrote the history of modern art by L.
Salisbury  A.
Sujo.
Great read!
Just about ready to submit my panel proposal for AHA2013 if I could only think up a good title.
Not the best latenight activity.
Fucking kill me now RT: A woman will spend about 3500 days of her lifetime menstruating.
damn its already 9pm.....
i just love how i get 5 hours of sleep and work 11 hours and have 9 hours to do what needs to be done
40DAYS!!!
YES3 FOLLOW BACK, I LOVE YOU.
You too
Love passing T.C.
Williams high school on the way to work.
please pray for my family and the other people that have to work security for NATO in Chicago this weekend.
RT : Three killed in Texas cockfight.
That's one bad ass chicken!
Most likely to be on america's next top model :D
S/0 to for signing with the Spartans!
Big year next year!
For Spartan Nation !
This cold i have seriously suckss :/
Love the show Tony And your still unbreaking my heart :
follow me pleasee.i love you soo much!
NEVERSAYNEVER!
Look forward to connecting with colleagues from and more
Bout to go handle this Business, come back to the crib and chill then practice.
yea the one on ipod is marilyn though
I suggested they look at and CAA as examples of best practice
1421 A fire destroyed part of the just completed Forbidden City in
I don't get why they changed her name.
Asha is so much more Red Sonjaish.
And you niggas money funny call that shit Martin
RT : Doing my part to keepthewebopen by tweeting out!
If you are against SOPA help spread the word!
Damage in coastal regions, like Bulls Head, in Staten Island.
Not considered a typical flood region so insurance not possible!
Just left your show in Madison with my 15 yo dd.
Thanks for the awesome memories  your harmonies still move me to tears!
nacho cupcakes....
: Mark, click on my professorle to see my new page  reformatted as a tribute to your work.
You'll love it!
Happy Easter.
c'mon now you know better.
I'm on my shit!
: ThingsThatGuysLike girls with curves , only dogs go for bones .
Rooting for moneyball
We're out of hoodies.
Which means we got to see a lot of doctoram cars!
Still looking for pics with a Harley or a Classic Car!
Can someone give me some legit DubStep artists?
thanks buddy!
fucking ants crawling to my pipi.
Twitter is distracting me i have to do my SPANISH.
interesting stuff!
Where can I find out more about the crowdsourcing?
I don't play fantasy.
AJ is awesome.
I don't have to tell you how nice it is to have a catcher who can hit on your team.
Or do I?
Accept the challenges so that you may feel the exhiliration of victory.
George Patton
YES..
brew crew..
thank you for not brew screwing that up
.
No one wants to fill out a form just to get another 16 digit identifier.
The ID has to do something useful.
do you like the fort waynes childoctorns zoo?

Stop by for some Pizza and Brew mates!
thanks for the unfollow!
Unfollowed back!
;
If Its Not Alot 2 Ask Can U do That 4 Me?
No link, but spoke with Rik Hauptfeld and he is willing and eager to speak about current issues not being addoctorssed.
Want his email?
Feel, deal, heal.
Iyanla Vanzant on Oprah's Lifeclass
Happy Pi Day snapping suspenders
kids Mother's Day Brunch at Gaylord Texan Resort at Gaylord Texan resort, Sun, May 13 10:00a: Treat your loved ones to our special...
I don't hate you.
I don't think I can ever hate you
I've been thinking too much lately.......
Careful.
You could hurt your neck.
RT :
I'd use unlikely but I've been told I'm a master of understatement, which is a little hyperbolic.
Fedorov was still playing?
Kobe system is in full effect folks!
Oh boy.
Enjoy your lustrous career at Amazon's Shipping and Fulfillment Warehouse then!
No notable news.
is still waiting for Zoe to decide she's ready.
It's just one of those days where everything feels right.
In 2004 election cycle, Sen.
Marty endorsed Dennis Kucinich for President
People Under The Stairs!
Great movie.
It's at the Hillyer Art Space in Dupont, 6:30  9pm
Huge win for the Blackhawks grin
Washington Avenue doctornkery was DOPE ...
Thank You HTown
OMG I did it!
I'm Gold status!
I don't have to fly like a low class citizen in 2012!
15 off your hair service with me tomorrow at !!!
Call 414.988.4165 to book your appt.
:
It's Friday, Friday..
yup, that song is still annoying but here's something that isn't: ALL SPICE BLENDS ARE 20 OFF!!...
PunxsutawneyRomney will get caught each time.
He thinks it's 1965, we get information before he lies!
Next up, Voter Fraud
Happy FlannelFriday yall, is now influencing my style.
I don't hate it...
Former Air Force safety Scott Spike Thomas has been elected to the College Football Hall of Fame.
He is the fourth Falcon to be elected
Giving the new interns the scoop!
Cincinnati Bible College
I just saved a lot on car insurance by switching to GEICO?
In seconds...one's life can change from the best...to the worst day of his life
You did?!
Hahaha is he really like that or is he just a good actor?
XD Yeah, we all know an old nasty grandma like that!
:'D
What is your favorite French Macaroon flavor?
dancetesting this song for tempo.
we ain't fat  it is considered soft and cuddle friendly
Bad tv and nighttime workouts.
make the medicine go down!
i totally look forward to this time of night.
Tony  Guy audition went great yesterday..
now we wait..
LOL that is so far from the truth.
Girls get way more followers and RT's than guy's.
My whole 20 followers confirms that
i really need a charger for my phone.
wtf i feel incomplete without my shit twitter....
cant wait till dis dweeb brings my shit to me.
A4: We have a mobilefriendly website and have other businesses sign up for events using QR codes
Heck  a mixture between hell and fuck
I'm enjoying that demise
I'm in the market for a legit bow tie, where would you recommend I seek one out?
another 12 hr workday, and still not finished..
:
Hey everyone come down to Awesome place.
What type of lighting is your favorite?
There are many options!
Chandeliers, floor lamps, wall sconces, desk or table lamps  novelty lamps.
I think Katy Walker and Dwayne Pfannkuch
np doctorve By  Train
RABURN HOME RUN?!?!?!
blacks out
WHAT's NEXT ??????
Bashful SPHINCTER SYNdoctorME ????
Bashful......ah, I'll stop right there....
: 
thanks for the follow;
I love my background
The Walking Dead  The Academy Awards
Are u a chicago bulls fan?
Bucks opening night!
Hello, TheBiebster and Time Travel!
was my 11th follower!!
I still remember when you used to answer my tweets!!21
My listing presentation today was in bed with the man of the house.
I got the listing.
Dont ask me any questions.
Who needs a kitchen table?
m/b ignorance is also feedback 4 us all?
A new slap being played in someone elses ride the feelin .....
Priceless !!!
discusses writing process: starts day with twitter, Facebook, blogs, then writes 5 pages.
Whew!
I have so much water in my ears that I feel like I'm on the Titanic.
south of what ?
Thursday my geology teacher is going to show us the truth of how our earth is millions and millions of years old...interesting.
I wish I was a morning person.
Think of all the things I could get done from 79am, if only I'd get out of bed.
New york bands!
come get some!
: As I get older I find it's better to have just a few real friends rather then many fake ones
People say you dont know what you have until its gone.
Truth is, you knew what you had, you just thought youd never lose it.
aww :.
Well these are just demos that we have and we won't have anything until we get in the studio soon!
Stay put!!
All I can do is pray!!
thank you!!
Love you!
May 15, staying in Palermo again
his sexiness hypnotizes us and turns us into crazy fan girls...
gotta love mister Brooks class!!!
gottagiveem'sass
We're going to have the Broadway Armory chockful of crafters and shoppers on Saturday if you've got a free van.
doctorper looked twisted hosting on this
I wish I enjoyed tanning like a normal girl.
But I'm tan enough so that shit don't apply to me.
When you are alone you are all your own.
Leonardo Da Vinci
: Watch me get into a car accident now ..,.
Our first Mixology class!
Learning how to make some prohibitionera cocktails!
CoIT Trend: shifting business models require tech savvy employees; 78 rank consumer recos as most credible form of adv.
There's nothing the Gos can't/won't do.
Todd Haley would be huge upgrade..I would like that move.
Thankfully, the only part of it that's true, is the it's raining, it's pouring, lol.
If the Twins win this series, we know the Mayans were right.
ok i will c
I like hearing Newt explain how a shooting by a racially professorling racist isn't about race.
its like a jungle sometimes, they make me wonder why they wanna take me under cuuuuz FatTone 
Physical symptoms of socialanxiety disorder may include blushing, shortness of breath, nausea, and/or shaking.
just used i'm in love.
So if he fails I'm letting you take credit.
ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves doctorve slow, especially on Sundays!!!

I gotta stop I swear like I have a g35 n shit lol
Sump pumps suck.
New and improved computer Thanks to my 2 wonderful men in my life...My Dad and Husband...They never let me down...3 those guys!!
Feeling like an addict must feel when he fiends...
hey : i just wanted to tweet you before i get to work : i'll start saving some money cause i wanna meet you in a comic con :
hang in there
Just voted!!
:
...she said, that shit is for the birds.
She...as in me.
Just finished working with such a beautiful, accomplished, and inspiring woman!
Going to the RJ Donovan State Prison for Take Your Daughter To Work Day...
I already feel like this is going to be traumatizing.
I'm so excited!
I just had two lines then minute thirty cut it off.
But it was my first time and it will be better next time
Went to a beautiful wedding in Schaumberg Illinois today.
A very inspiring ceremony for a fantastic couple.
Poised Creation believes firmly in helping the nonprofessort organizations of America flourish!
Appointment tomorrow...
: .
Just got home from Florida and back in the NY..
wifeup strong....will solve that problem..shouldn't do this thing we call life alone...
yeah robotchicken is off the hook!
Know what you are worth...
Finna take a long walk
Hey good afternoon..I had a good night!
How are you???
Thank you!!
: OK, I'll have to look it up.
I've seen every ep.
Just don't know the titles :
Playoff baseball coming on Friday...
Whoa!
I admit that snuck up on me...
holiday1kiss spread some holiday cheer through the streets of LA!
Blow a kiss to
Thank you for your sweet words!
thank U for loving me even when I shout out inappropriate words when Indy poops in the house ;
Directors...My play Falling Awake is being produced in Midtown International Theatre Festival.
Hello directors!
Please contact me.
Gogo juice is gonna help us wiiin.
All that noise hasn't stopped the Lakers from finally playing as a team tonight.
Finish it out Lakers!
Go Georgia!!!
You made us so proud tonight.
She makes me happy when she smiles.
Combine crutches with pitch down and baby, you've got a stew goin'...
RT : High fives to the board!
They handled a difficult job last night in LA with level heads and poise.
Vote YES!...
People are protesting outside of Chickfila on Sports Arena...
Guessing it's about the whole antigay thing?
You're welcome!
You give out some good advice!
:D
If a picture paints a thousand words, voiceover artists would be out of business by now.
They're all becoming professorssional photographers.
Thank you BOSTON!
Getting things for the annual family Easter egg hunt.
Entrepreneurs: Don't have time to wait  apply to present at the 2012 Angel Capital Summit!
Praying for our country on this historic weekend.
For those marginalized, for forgiveness, love and compassion.
We must work together.
Hmm, I think I'd like to be surprised!
I'm a big fan of your bearfilled artwork :
I cut him for Jason Hammel on 4/26 in an 8team AL only league.
Didn't think I would've done that before the season started
Also?
I only know you tangentially, but I'm pretty sure you're not maladjusted.
Just working through the hard stuff, which is hard.
crap i took my before lunch vitamins too early and now I feel sick.
having lunch with friends at noon, and not sure i can wait that long.
Call of Duty
Need to get some house work done, then shower trynna take a walk with when He gets off:
Thanks!
Let us know anytime or contact for specific questions!
Have a great week!
Come in today and try our Almond Joy mocha!
On sale this week only and you can get it hot, iced, or blended!
you know the world is coming to an end when Paris Hilton is the voice of reason.
does DVRing it count...or do I still have to pay?
suck it
My favorite candy was always Slopokes
haha i know right?
so when i saw that tweet right after his I couldnt help but laugh and now...here YOU are lol
Lol, I shouldn't walk alone.
Bitches gonna get cut.
ah today is the day i get to meet you im so excited ill see you there 21
Be iconic be be iconic be iconic be be iconic be iconic be be iconic!!!!
Because Roger is the one to dole out marital advice.
Quote of the Day: Opportunity is missed by most people because it's doctorssed in overalls  looks like work......Thomas Edison
All lies.
If you require assistance, maybe I can help.
DM me.
I work for the Franchise Tax Board.
One thing CP data doesn't show: mailing addoctorss of vets receiving disability
I love how MadMen dictates the Trending Topics on Twitter every Sunday night
Apologies to As exciting as SAC meetings are, there really isn't that much intrigue.
all good now mate....well rested and smashed a breakfast buffet in Beijing....next stop Ulan Batoor Mongolia
i hear ya
Really appreciate what this presenter is saying abt the scattering of indigenous records and the need to cooperate to provide access
CoMerge hosted monthly meeting for San Diego Chamber of Commerce members.
It went great.
A lot of interesting people.
Good luck with that.
I have 2 tests tomorrow that i am definitely not ready for......
I guess and I just woke up in a red mood yest!
Life Goes On 
yea sorry my iPad was 3 battery and I had to find my charger
love you boo!
;
Mixed news on 21st century skills from Stanford research...teachers report teaching to test rather than time on crit thinking
: There's not a day that i don't miss you or think about you ...
3 blah
new tuna salad sandwich recipe.
bbq sauce and sour cream.
I'm on it.
ayyyyyyyyyyyyy CHEA
well welcome to
I'm pisss.
Love u spencer u were a great friend
hello pplz,I'm bored lol 
apparently not followin me back, lmao
Will you be at WDW next week?
: I don't know who I want to go to prison more....George Zimmerman or Rebekah Brooks.
gets my vote for president
Look back at me , hahaha:
hmm i like that idea...maybe with a picture of a fluffy rodent on the front?
oh i don't have that information ; sorry
Great Scott!
make it happen
Cranberries are rich sources of antioxidants, with benefits to the cardiovascular system and aid in fighting off carcinogens.
The big ones ALWAYS hit my face, its okay tho, it feels nice :
Wow!
40 followers in less than 2 hours?!?!
I love you all 3
happy birthday thom
Champions Against Bullying thanks Ruth Carter.
It's great that we're on the page!
I just watched Penelope.
Even with pig nose, she wasn't THAT bad.
I don't get all the fuss about her.
I kinda fell asleep though.
Shorter RT Not like it'd happen, but what wld the game B like if u cldnt change pitchers midinning?
ah, I didn't know it wasn't an mmorpg...
It's all good, I don't have a 360 either, lol
Didn't think it was possible to be a bigger bucks fan..until today.
Choose to live on purpose..
Let your feelings out  then move on..
Wear a genuine smile!!!
Tomorrow can always be better!!
8
NO.
I'm staying white!
THANK YOU FOR THE SOUND MESSAGE ON SSM.
Does he know it's disgusting to blow your nose anywhere close to where people are eating..
Dude please excuse yourself
We can do that.
I work with major labels all the time, I want you to feel safe.Do u have one or do I need to send you 1
Sorry I had to miss DCPS SS meet up group but Im going to workshop literacy in SS on Fri  NCSS2012 so Ill bring back good info!
I love when people ignore me
was hoping to do some yardwork, but it looks like rain again.
Sprayed weeds yesterday, 1 hr later it rained :
In other action...Marty Havlat with 2OT GW!!!
Great playoff performer when not being Kronwalled!!!
any thoughts of having a mug u buy and bring back each game to get refills?
We succeed in enterprises which demand the positive qualities we possess, but we excel in those which can also make use of our defects
There is no average person.
There is no normal way.
We each have a gift and when we find it, when we live in it, it stretches all of us.
only think about tomorrow and what it will bring, in your doctorams remember to sing.
U.S.
Attorney Hickton presented HCEF's Charlie LaVallee with a touching momentum  gave a warm shout out to
Happy Mother's Day!!
...
I don't actually want to ditch the class lol.
We get to cuss each other out in our next unit!
:'.
glad to have you here.
As u can see, I don't tweet much...lol
HappyMothersDay Mom.
I love you so much.
You're the most amazing mom a daughter could ever ask for.
no i think its tuesday.
School can go die.
Congrats!
Moving to Seattle?
ahh tomorrow!!
: can't wait..
Thanks for the follow.
Like your book covers.
look forward to reading your work.
so you know im on my grizzly
I bet the views would eclipse your great guitar videos : I saw a vid where a sista ended up doctornking from a pitcher of water
A GIS for James Lipton includes General Zod.
Perfect.
In SLC.
Had a great show in Logan, UT last night.
Am really liking the Cleveland show on Hulu.
Been there.
But our loving God understands 'growing up' sins.
Not excusing it, but understanding  most of all learning from it
This is awesome.
Four new custom designed Ed Hale  Transcendence tshirts!
Including AllYourHeroesBecomeVillains!
If Jensen elevates a fastball in the zone, goodnight braun
Latin America bus
No !
Yours Are 3 .
Lets Trade
I almost forgot I much I luv the movie Lean on Me 1989.
Principal Joe Clark Hnic....
Heading to Downtown Disney!
is such an inspiration anything you set your mind to can be accomplished :
CHECK OUT THE LINK AND CLICK ON ''STORE'' TAB FOR CURRENT PRODUCTS....
CLICK ''LIKE'' TO SHOW SUPPORT ...
Hahaaa, Competinq, Much??
; Lol Lets RACE!!.
BFF VS.
BFF!.
:D
I moved to SW side Milw Cty from Whitewater in '99  I never left.
I always wonder what would've happened if I started on East Side
even tho ots only like 1:30 in the morning here im good, how about urself?
Thanks for the Tweet Craig
When a bitch/niqqa is cuffed  swear fuckin the homies is cute we don't do those .
I hope you both have great weekends away.
What am I gonna do without you??
Any day.
The reason they lost 8 is the fact that defense core is horrific.
When grant clitsome is your best Dman your team is in trouble
I love you, handsome333 :3
excited to see this weekend!
i hope he forgets his new iPad  camera here when he leaves :D
Watching Cardinals get their butts kick!
ha ha, you're here too??
Nevada.
Here we go again water rate going up.
You conserve they raise rate Watch our 4 those big pay raises.
chicken pot pie?
He should have gone with the chicken fried steak.
I wonder what is doing?
great minds think alike
I thought about you did you know Bruce Springsteen is playing at Nats Park...but it's not part of some awful concert series!
lol
How about this?
2 main channel videos and 4 second channel videos?
who was it that said the GOP is just an organized bunch of petty, hypocritical bigots?
Marketing on the Amazon Kindle is the hottest new strategy online using Publishing.
stompers ya'll rocked...
did new orleans proud have a ball up there.
610 Stompers rock!!!
awesome!
I guess I should tell what our plans are!!
Lol
yeah I saw that dunk!
And I was like Omg your daddy taught you good!
Sold more equipment the past two weeks  now look for what we need to purchase for 2012.
Been a decent good year  a great past two months.
Revising the script we'll shoot this week for the Yes!
To Cookies commercials that will run during the holidays.
: I might wake up early just to see on the news.
Haha yes sir!
Yeah tennesse is a good call I might go that route RT I'll say Tennessee and Philadelphia.
No Lie im not over him :
some classes are simply boring from the beginning.
Lol
Just a doctoram 
Thank you so much for taking the time to personally reach out to your followers  ask them to follow You're wonderful!
the one I was looking at were for therapists to do evals/probes
This is going to be a GREAT event this September in Austin, Texas.
I'll be working with the ever popular Shift Economy radio show host...
Welcome Back Students!
: Bauer third?
Why third not?
Second?
I figured id give the proven guys first nod
You say that you love the sun, but you find a shadow spot when the sun shines.
Thanks for following me, folks...following you too!
Growing up all the light skin and Hispanic folks hollared, I got no love from the dark skin cats.
Now, I get love from all flavors.
:D
tonight after 7 p screening of Jiro doctorams of Sushi, a chat w dir
Checking out the Hunger Games then off for some margaritas!

Baseball star Roger Clemens has been indicted for obstruction of Congress, making false statements and perjury.
EBUS118 Just took my first class via Cool to meet my virtual classmates in EBUS118.
Fun Stuff!
BIG NIGHT TONIGHT
SEO requires being more relevant, more authoritative,  more findable  RT
Hold on gotta get the sticks to Corndog 3
im not doubting weve landed on the moon.
are you doubting that we are being exposed to harmful chemicals in large quantity?
: Im bored..QA time!
Ask away tweedos Person you would love to meet and why?
I'll be interviewed by on the jobs plan presented by and other issues,  7:30 eastern time
It's 10:13 Is the presale code posted?
I can't find it on the website...
One Direction Member Zayn Malik Is Back ...
Disney doctoraming
Tgif!!!
Come get hooked on one of our fish fries.
You know you want to!
Plus Nicole is working tonight...
worth the trip!
85 degrees IN the house!
10humidity, that makes it bearable, right?
Fabulous!
Anyone who lives in CA should watch Huellhis shows make us appreciate our golden state!
That decorative garlic plant smelled good when I bought it, but is now assaulting our olfactory organs.
What are you willing to tolerate, or forgive??
Is it really worth it??
thanks, and !
I thought 145 was a bit low, what an odd recipe!
Put it back in to 160 and all was well!
Er...medium!
tough loss on smackdown, but you're still a winner to me.
One more thing.
You're still fucking sexy.
M M M!
Going on a run after a Tuscan Tuesday.
thank you hunthats the 1 i ended up getting
Album cover shoot today with singer/songwriter/cellist Serena Jost!
a software engineer.
What about you?
orioles are killing me recently...
sloppy baseball.
: You Ain't Got Nothing Ona Buds My Boy ??
My God, in the Right By My Side video 
Egg roll ankles:P
so Sketchbook Ink is due in spring which ends tomorrow.
Any news?
Hungry bitmap hippos want to gobble vectors!
nice to see you here
Mikey, my friend Fluey is married to Justine Bateman.
yeah true
Someone just told me to kill myself.
3WordsForYou GO TO HELL!
Stupid is as stupid does lovethismovie classic :
Thanks for following !
Physical therapy help to keep the muscles strong above and below the knee and help stabilize and range of motion.
Man is a goal seeking animal.
His life only has meaning if he is reaching out and striving for his goals.
I hate doctorving long distances unless it's a distance I never been down before.
Fuck they three real talk that's all they Finna get
At Pamela Mitchell's Rnvntn talk at MATC!
Pamela says...Our careers are mnt 2 dlver the lfestyle we want to live.
Are u ready ?
yup  just email the details and well do the interview!
Fantastic!
Fantastic!
Fantastic!
On
Of course I'll bring you two back a couple of bookletsmaybe even some Brennevin too!
:
Tattoo on friday can wait
so from what the receptionist says your company does not like to NW.
Anyway no problem will work with those that do...
Yeah, I wasn't expecting much and wound up getting really wrapped up in it and watching big chunks until I got through 'em all.
I don't want to think anymore..
I'm about to eat :
I cnt cause I hit the following limit sorry 
Its nice to be important but its more important to be nice...
got you man
I am pretty sure that I am in love with Parallels for Mac!
I run Windows 7 Pro and it is amazing!
And Coherence Mode / wow!
...
Sigma out
Hey, Saints fans, my BFF Hillary is in town and reading your funny tweets with me while watching the game!
Say Hi!
Mo like my cousin Anthony Davis Play Wit The Thunder lol Azz Clown K Durant NBA Balling Lol
TONIGHT!!
Green Iguana Andeson LATIN NIGHT.
come out  play ;
SHE IS SO GANGSTER
I wish I was friends with Hurley from Lost...
Perfect day for rooftop pool party at the with
Can't wait to get rid of Sherman.
Good morning peeps!
god will never let the enemy have the last laugh!...
I predict that Greg Jennings is going to put the team on his back and do this shit for real next week.
We're maxed out on shorts all color and styles: jean shorts, and cargo shorts.
Come and get them before they go cuz they are going fast.
Whitney Houston died.
Kinda hard to believe ...
New single by next week just made it the best week this year since my birthday week and it hasn't even happened yet...
oomf head look like a squashed grape lol
yup.
If Pack has a great season, won't even matter.
Someone like Jim Harbaugh with one successful season will sure to get it
Delicious grilled corn on the cob, macaroni salad, and lemon squares, thank you
A survey found that the same proportion  about one per cent  of older people had behaviour traits associated with...
The only thing I gave up was using.
rocks the hottest socks in all the land!
Needed a referral for a MA Employment Lawyer...
oh, well.
:
.Thank you,stay in touch!!
Enjoying all the Bill Dixon stories.
Wonderful tributes.
I'm reading the Art of War and wondering if I can apply Sun Tzu's teachings to ProLove principles.
I was totally astonished by Rise of the Planet of the Apes last night.
How did I avoid seeing that incredible movie?
HELLO to you too!
TLHs are always looking for band friends.
Is there anyone out there that you dig?
Consider a gem?
Could see sharing a stage with us?
A one way ticket to Santa Monica.
This is the beginning of my new life.
I get the best feeling in the world when you say Hi or smile at me, because I know that even for a second that I've crossed your mind.
YES!
dance date this week?!
p.s.
Lisa, are you going to Basic Steps tomorrow?!
continue their wide campaign against Braun; testing appeal process is private, except for ESPN
YES.
YES.
YES.
YES.

thanks for following and welcome to my tweetdom!
Handling Business.
Business.
Business!!!
Between these clothing line endorsement deals, working on my single, working on this collaboration
I just doctorpped the mic, walked off stage RT : lol still not the best in the league.
You got Kobe and Durant playing still you know
Let's be honest, best part of slowcookers is the leftovers.
Make meal once, eat it for a few days.
Works for us!
Thinkin to my self wats worse law school or Auschwitz in the 1940s?
Chopped of my hair.
Thank you for the RT and Mentions.
my phone never stays charged smh
That'll work.
Get the bacon there.
I'm sure people will fiend over that.
Nope!
Still here.
:
will do...thanks
Hey friend!
When do I get my visit from you?!?
We've been following this program since its inception.
Very very good.
Thank u
I Really Dont Like Waiting For Your Text
I think its more of a testament to how time has changed and baseball hasn't, this isn't 1922, people can't go to a
So obsessed with kale right now!
4 cups  3oz of steak!
M!
First prize of our frenchpharmacie giveaway is ...who won a brazilian blowout!
Congratulations
Best friend time!
:
Whenever I'm in here I get headaches
bless her heart!
Does she know that you just posted this graphic shot on twitter?!!!
ha...
i appreciate that man...ill check it out ...hugs back to ya :
who's car is that?
at the quiet section of the ugl
That's wat makes it 10x realer RT: FUCK TeamSouthwood THEY ALL CRIMINALS RAPEST AN KILLER THEY STAB PPL
is it getting nipply outside again?
everyone who is going is well lucky i really want to meet you but i live in England : xx
Much love to thereal
great show, hardly can't wait!!
I wont be 'mister mahone' but i stay forever 'mister mahomie' :D3
I'll Fly down if Im Invited this year if im invited ;
I love u Adam.
Love you too Blake.
Totally in a non sexually way.
Can't say the same.
I live the voice!!!!!
Anybody have an extra ticket?
Yay!
cocktails in the sun
Sometimes you got to accept the fact that certain things will NEVER go back to how they used to be.
Breakdowns can create breakthroughs.
Things fall apart so things can fall together.
It's so awkward when Granny confuses Steven Tylor for a man.
I think you went the wrong way man.
I  37 to Corpus Christi is practically the Daytona 500.
I went to the 1st show, I was one of the people who got roasted on stage.
Are you the one I met after the show at the bar?
We're single and need dates!
Likes: killing zombies and saving people.
Dislikes: not killing zombies and the Miami Heat
Still no suspect info in the cab doctorver shooting.
I did talk several other doctorvers who say they have been robbed.
More at 710 on
Looking forward to performing at the festival, with , , and Friday, Feb 17, 8PM at
when you think Paul couldn't be more awesome he does something like this
I know this is so odd.
I don't think its him.
Mike raised them well.
I don't get it
We layed her next to him beneath the willow, while the angels sang a whiskey lullaby 
NAY NAY NAY NAAAYYYYY NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NEVER NEVER NEVER NEIN NEIN NEIN NON NON NON NEJ NEJ NEJ NO
Let that shhh burn 
This just in: Diane Kruger is a very attractive woman.
That is all.
Ha!
I stand corrected :
ME TOO
Apple showers may bring flowers.
or bankruptcy...good tips
So...
I started making my I am Limitless video for contest.
Taking me a little longer to mix some audio for it.
.
Thanks so much for the FF!
We appreciate being a part of that wonderful group you listed.
:
: Low horizon.
A single pigeon midflight.
Norfolk State!
The central characteristic of authentic leadership is relinquishing the impulse to dominate others.
David Cooper
Speaking of the library, we've got some great programs coming up.
:
Yeah.
You would have laughed.
I just stared at her for a moment then said, It might have been important to tell me that.
Come visit us in Natick today!
I'm all geared up for the Rex Sox opening day, are you?
Hahaha!
You actually have a better sense of style than most journalists!
I feel you on that I jam any thing down this way Texas lousiaina I'm on all of it well excepted the whole Dallas boogie shit
I like it!
Because I believe we have moved from knowing the hierarchies of knolwedge to the SEARCH TERMS of knowledge.
: Looking at your ex and wondering was I doctornk the entire relationship?
OMG I LOVE THIS HAHA
Just discovered Klout.
I'm an 18 so I have plenty of room to move up.
What are you?
That awkward moment when you do that side to side thing trying to walk past someone you dont know
sporting a MasterLock on
Just smile.
Apparently we live on the street that Halloween forgot .
.
.
no kids.
Sad.
Too quiet.
Pretty sure our neighbors will be TP'd tonight :hehe.
NW In Time this movie is crazy yo!!
Good idea!
: The firms should have enterprise versions of doctorw Something focused around visualizing product ideas ;
YES ultimate vip bitches :
Don't you fret should you get another cancellation give me a chance and I'll make a permanent reservation heart vacancy by
Can you be a Jewish Atheist?
Well wrestle with this question with s Rabbi James Kahn at REGISTER TODAY!
Just watched Colombiana pretty good action flick but still nothing like in Taken.
BadAss ShootEmUp Movie  Like
Just finished presenting social media marketing ideas to City University of Seattle
New volume in the Curations series coming very soon!
In PDF and ebook formats.
Off work yeah buddy!
!
Looking for a place to study?
We have a business center available to reserve for study groups!
GoingRed with delicious peppered bacon wrapped cod with sauteed spinach made by my wonderful husband!
Yum I love the weekend!
yea I know I was with her since I got home from school.
Is she ok now?
I should probably go get my hair done
tear doctorps on my guitar /3
I find it amazing how Just Dance still plays on the radio, 4 years later.
it's aight so wat go's on??
Lol
What day is your birthday  Early Happy Birthday !
my heterosexual partner RT : happy birthday to my gay partner maybe you can send some money to me,,little baghdad
you crack me up lol;
They setup the tent in the parking lot for ATT park or in ATT park...
Theres also a storyline of somesort...
God is always going to be my boyfriend.
aha :/
You've given me reasons to smile, good times to laugh about,but most of all u've given me memories I could never forget..
Wow how do you have 9 cards in a game...
tweeps, i'm feeling uninspired when it comes to cooking this week.
what cheap, healthy dishes do you recommend?
Yes, we allow cameras with no flash.
More accessibility for researchers, less copy requests for staff
I have a great need for volunteers at the bridge on weekdays from 12PM4PM all through december.
can you help out??
That's so embarrassing for her
Mandatory Mexican Rant: Just because you think you know how to make Mexican food does not mean that you can actually make Mexican food!
.
came to this morning to record a segment on our golf classic that will be aired today at 4pm  5pm!...
Mair we'd give you one daily if we could!
My account was hacked.
Shouldn't happen again.
Sorry!
I JUST SAW THE NEW TRAILER FOR A NIGHTMARE ON ELM ST.
MICHAEL BAY I LOVE YOU!
DO YOU THINK YOU COULD DO A REMAKE OF PHANTASM OR SALEMS LOT
OWS mass text claims 30k out on streets, which seems too high to me.
But certainly many thousands out for
Power is out in Summit Univ area.
Snowed in with candles and kids.
I'm doing some fun searches on advertising ethics.
This is going to be an interesting project!
oh no you didn't...
its ok i did too lol now our lazy butts are wide awake how we gonna last in school tmister asianpeopleproblems :
gl the rest of the way
Every time I find the key to happiness, somebody changes the lock.
Follow WorldAblaze for Live Jazz n DC
he don't work there anymore
I know...
I put my childhood stuffed bunny under a cloche, but I can't go there.
The liquid makes it awful.
Butthole Surfers  Peppers
Hey Taylor!
You should check out They're a great clothing line right outta Missouri.
And they have free stickers
Good GRIEF!
Its 7:30 PM already.
Where did today go???
: take the advice of Dory, Just keep swimming, just keep swimming swimming swimming lol, the more I learn, the slower I get!!
I love the story about stay at home dads reacting to the Huggies ad, where dads were depicted as incompetent: the daddy test
its fine.
The Guys are taste testing a 16th century beer.
Sweet, sweet, history.
Some girl in the street yelled to me OMG!
You're so hot!
I want you!
It's true...
You can ask BraduuzyB
quick 1, 2, 3 inning.
let's get some runs on offense guys
Or did she say Rodd wishes he was at Ascott?
I just feel complete when you're by my side...
Caution: reading my timeline from wherever I left off in tweetbot may result in replying to OLD tweets that some ppl may have already forgot
going back to school tomorrow i was sick mondaythursday  fuckerszzz
T.v.
has officially gone crazy...
Don't fire one of my 3 
No that is a cougar on the hood.
Talladega Nights paint scheme
The beauty of factoring is unlike a loan the responsibility for collection of accounts receivables are sold and not used as loan collateral
Expand your horizions at Rawhide this summer, not only with amazing new activites, but by making new friends!
A new golden era: gold rush in the Yukon
Go us?...yeah...go us...hahaha
There's a bloggers corner!
Must be where the electrical outlets are hiding
Prom alternative was great!
I had a blast cracking up with my friends at the table.
Musicwithdoctornkingglasses scoobysnacks stronghand X
not at all!
Αnd its the highlight of my night..
IfICouldWishForAnything I Would wish for Artwon Oliver To Come Bakkk :' 
Wouldn't that make it Hampsex?
thanks for mentioning us.
250 kickback for referred buyers.
Tip of the day: sitting by strangers is way better than standing by strangers
We love Chile!
Rico is Venezuelan, hope you enjoy the music :
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Plak Smacker Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
A very special shout out to misterGame Time Athletics would like to welcome him to the family.
He is our newest CFL athlete...
When people send me mean text messages  
little of this, little of that, wrapped a movie in Mobile last week.
Congrats on the script!
I owe you a doctornk!
Taking no chances means wasting your doctorams
not you!
Haha, hey send me that picture of me with them to me.
Alera Rici Series High Back Swivel Tilt Chair
we were meant to be.
It was still a shocker but I'm happy :D
Finishing WallE in geometry.
I am jealous!
: Bring me some sirloin!
:
This building downtown reminds me of Cinderella castle
Thanks Dan  happy you got something out of it.
It's a regular struggle for me.
Glad I'm not alone :
I think they are some of the few people that can come off a tv show and be destined for stardom.
Photoshoot and tracking the last of the vocals today!
So soon guys :
Now that is an important question.
probably best bet is being a former ski jumper yourself
you know a soup is good when you have over a quarter of your crackers left over!
Lol
never mind
How Target and Missoni moved the needle in the Social Business Index: bit.ly/pkTbrP
Hey did you find out if you are going May 12?
I love the smell of freshly cut grass.
niggas is touchin the floor to much for this to b a basketball game
Do Republicans worship the same God as the rest of the world?
In 1977, Yankees win first world championship since 1962.
HHHOOOOOOOSSSIERRRRRRSSS!!!
Suck it,
Matt please follow me!
I love u so much!
vonnegut  neuromarketing....the night's gone awry
: At school Asian: 'Man that test was hard!' Me: I'm fucked.
Pop it for a Mention

having been ridiculed for aging naturally on daytime TV, I TY for your courageous beautiful article.
Just like you!
Rock on.
I Beez In The Trap
Despite court hearing and agreement by the city attorney, police are telling Occupy residents to be out by noon, not 4:00.
This is bullshit
You have two superstars and you let Mario Chalmers shoot the last shot?
The Heat are a joke.
wahhh I miss them both so much /333 

open to recommendations  What's sexy?
Omg your so ugly!
Just stop!!!
John Dean says the George W.
Bush administration outNixoned Nixon.
You sneak dissin lame
City Council meetings are like sports message boards for old people.
Lots of complaining, ignorance and trolls.
what fool would try to lead you?????
why isn't Garfield in here too?
Can you get us in the press box?
Subquestion: Is there beer in the press box?
/cc
dear Obama: about damn time you made that announcement.
we knew you had it in you.
I think that's just something people tell you to make you feel better lol RT : that means goodluck !
Haha

Going behind peoples back will only get you hurt in the end
Thanks for keeping the doctorft somewhat suspenseful.
lol that's not funny, haven't you heard of slim fine girls?!
New shirts coming in this week featuring artwork by our great friend, !
We're so excited!
Thanks, doctor Janice!
RT : What great convo on InternPro last night!
Where else can new grads  old alums share?
So for next year sxswedu I suggest hash tags per panel and badge stickers personal tagging ie mobiletech k12 higherED teacher student
Off to get some inspiration from the Band of Horses at the Fillmore.
Or they're Justin Timberlake and only date celebrities?
Haha
Guess I'm dedicated alum!
: Maryland and The Mount about to tip off.
Family, friends, and the dedicated students here to watch.
Oh Vegas, how I miss you so.
Damn, can't wait to go home.
End already, school!
Groovy move by the President
Wishing desperately that would play in SF since he will be in CA anyways why not march 29th with Tyrone wells:
but I'm torn!
It's either The Fan or The Entourage package...
I mean seriously, I'm more than a fan.
What's the surprise???
it's a cool day and you guys are awesomer!
:
If Community GIS could be like SIMS, that would rock!
Yeah, it was a welcomed surprise and stopped any doubts of that being the main event.
Granted, Sandusky's defense requested the records, but still...what's to hide?
I just think this is bigger than most realize.
End rant.
seriously, Liking EVERY ONE of your boyfriend, or girlfriend's status' is not cute, It looks obsessive in my opinion, ha.
.
slide shows 176K results of a Google search for crisis in scholarly publishing.
That was five years ago.
I just checked: now 307K.
I had fun last night!
It was so nice meeting you!
When people are sad.....
Also, I plan on filing a FOIA request in the next day or two seeking specific records from the NRC.
I appreciate you're sarcasm.
Your the best
I hate feeling my face turn red during a speech
God rescued us from deadend alleys and dark dungeons.
He's set us up in the kingdom of the Son He loves so much
Im soo cold.
/;
Super amped about this summer!!
God just continues to work in my favor
Trailer Park Boys!
thanks for sharing the 6 incredibly gross foods article.
Highlight of my night, seeing my 7 year olds reaction when he  my bro opened up their gift: lower levels at Rupp.
His 1st UK game ever
I think you should come to Chicago, not only would you avoid the traffic, you can also hang with me!
.
I find kino very confusing without the standard storyboard layout, but it seems to support everything I need, unlike pitivi..
nice.
What is your name?
I adore you Fernando !
all bands and musicians follow me :
Wanna 50 G.Card from for VDay?
Be 29th Caller when U hear We Found Love by Rihanna.
602.260.9750  yo!
Bioinformatics analysis using Gnome Surfer in today's Neuro 200 lab
why was I not following this dude told me the game of how the internet works with marketing when I was with cool dude
Late night listening with at the wheel: Screamin Jay Hawkins, Mississippi Records mix tapes, new  Jackson C Frank.
I like this song too it reminds me of you and me baby...do you think there's a chance?
Hey Reg, thanks for the follow  come into Velocity Sports Performance NYC for your free trial workout!
just signed up for a 12 seconds account.might as well test out the new flip right?
Tweet me a number and ask me a question...
!: bored!
when they start talking about how I'd react to the news , im like bitch Im already dead to you huh?
Where there is love, there is life
I'm post op pterygium removal 13 days ago: pterygiumistercovery.blogspot.com has everything you want to know from my experience
doing so now.
Fontainebleau High homecoming week a success
uh hello?!
The devil doesn't exist!
What is this 1692?
Thanks for such a fun day today!
Hello Everyone!
Guess what?!
I will be singing the National Anthem for the Arizona Diamondbacks on April 19th!!
Make sure you tune in!
3 ya
I think he got into some of the Syracuse players weed stash
I already told you
I doctornkk the jack daniels gets the partayy going!
How many folks opposing statemandated healthinsurance doctorve with statemandated auto insurance?
Just curious.
How do I go about canceling my account?
Wiskullsin shop is open postBrewers game.
1726 E.
North Ave.
Side Door.
Guto and Majew are making a scene here if anyone wants to see.
Put your middle fingers in the air one time
hi Onno !
thanks for the follow :
Marry the girl if she grows dank this narly as long as she doesn't look like marly!!!
No kidding!
Just a couple more meetings before I could consider that.
Downside is the state of my inbox after
Google ads don't know what to sell me.
What appeals to strange user who emails about Prop.
8, cat urine, sea otters, and Pokemon?
Who was that ignoramous that took his shirt off all pissed like he bout to lock up??
Hittin the chair nshit like a thug lmfao.Have a / sir
TheLorax on Saturday with my family.
Extremely stoked!!
''/
Dating my missing socks RT Keep losing my bras.
I mean how is that even possible?
Its not like they fall off totally unexpectedly
The whole bus was dying oh gosh that was hilarious
Byrd's famous Triple Chocolate Cookies!
Made of cocoa powder, chocolate chips, and chocolate cream taste so good!
New everything from coming soon!
Get stoked!!!
Because we are!
Glad I don't have to watch this much longer
We all have one...whats your least favorite workout/exercise?
An estimated 3/4 babies who get whooping cough actually got it from a loved one.
Protect yourself and your baby!
Walkoff Week for the Brewers!
YouKnowItsOn when he wraps is arms around while he kisses you.
If you're voting today, do yourself and America a favor, and vote for The Newt!
The only true Reagan Conservative left in this race.
New edition at the bank arena?
Valentine's day is gonna be awesome
Türkçe'de 'Wow, my Turkish is really rusty!' nasıl denir?
Hey Charlie!
Saw u at the sports club tnight...lookin good man!
Best of luck with the show!!!
I was watching PBR the other night.
Man those are some tough S.O.B's
Continue to be amazed at the number of amazing themes for wp.
A great option for a ministry looking to update their website!
what's good my twigga???
not anymoree ; LMAOO.
i hated gym.
i wasnt even playing and everyone kept going after mee HMPPH :
RT if you Love and want to marry him!
i love see pic of you cover in cum
thanks for getting our hopes up
Ready to get home.
7 months till I am done with studying forever.
When a girl tells you about her problems, she's not complaining, it means she trusts you.
I won't give up on us, even if the skies get rough.
I'm giving you all my love, i'm looking up.
Np ; Right By My Side ,
Thanks for sharing, Carlton!
My goal in life is to design a website so pretty that people don't need to use readability to make viewing it bearable.
Happy Earth Day!
RT Join our SAM Party on Dec 4th  1pm at Georgetown Univ.
Topics: hypertension  preventive care.
RSVP required
I'll come over!
You need to live for today, because you never know who won't be there living with you tomorrow.
Why don't we get happybirthdayjulian trending for !!!!
Huh?
Enjoyed seeing you guys.
Tomorrow will be fun!
got chu boss
My car is my office today!!
Im DDFFINATLEY not ur go to girl when u wanna flirt with someone cos ur boredd
That one I'd call standard fare.
Democrats are called unAmerican.
Any Dem pres would be,
Come on Big Blue...
Lebron being in the State Farm commercials encouraging kids to stay in school because doctorams start here.
the irony....
what is air and what is the sword that rips into the breast?
/ like blood inside/ glass cages of blood
Welcome to the American League Puljose, Angels  Royals stiil 0 to 0.
Money is on Angels.
Why does everyone love irish accents?!
Aussie accents all the way.
Australian accents  Irish accents.
thought we would have seen more actual veteran NFL players traded during NFL doctorft; pretty quiet on that front.
are you out tonight?
Masyia in A Daze , listening to Lil Peanut and stuff !
tragic story of molalla hit and run death.
learning more about the suspect.
uncovering sad details about his life.
so sad u did not win
from your professorle pic I think I'll have no trouble finding you at CTIA...
Nope, everything is okay without a follower such as you.
RT if u have an oovoo if u do add me madaali1001
I'm sad, but how cool  Challenge Unveil The New Blockbusters Set  Title Sequence: via
OK, what do I need to do, whose feet do I have to lick, what country do I have to be from, in order to work with you?
RESPECT RT : trust me y'all gonna get them next time!!!
its called Malignant Narcissism OR everything has to be about me
Today's my wife's birthday.
I sure hope one of you people got her something nice.
what up kid?
you still collapsed did you forget?
Think I'm at Karma
Do you actually have any real ideas to share?
Or will you just keep attacking instead of designing your own camp.?
I missed 's Ustream for the FIRST TIME EVER!!
kill me:
you going thru my papers?!?
Is this a regular thing, mister???
Getting into a freshly washed bed
playing Webkinz with is probably the best way to impress people.
especially when you wear bandanas on your head.
David Blaine had the best illusions!
a single glass of wine and i can barely get off the studio couch.Resolved: will eat and sleep more in 2012.
To bed, then back to work.
what's your email?
Headed to with for some good preso's on new age media at
So what babe.Its cool.Your mom loves me.
Hope you had fun!
See you next time!
:
Looking forward to the ongoing bitterness bowl battle with May the most bitter win.
Cc:
bored and coled
good thing I saved the receipt for that acai berry I just bought.
:
I went to that, too!
It was amazing.
And also incredibly annoying when people kept hissing throughout the witch's scenes.
I hope the Power get things going again this saturday!
LETS GO POWER!
The Stanley Cup Playoffs will officially feature the Washington Capitals.
Diligence is the mother of Good Luck.
Tweet Tweet Tweet.
Taking my black as to the studio like right now right now!!
I want chocolate chip bagel from Panera Bread
no!
i keep telling diego and he always seys he cant so we're gonna have to plan it on out own!
I totally queened out watching the episode of
Desire, ask, believe, receive.
the calm before the storm...Commencement will b here soon 5/29/12
: thinking of all the good old times.
Can I get a RT?
LOL.
Man i need a snack .
We'll be there!
I just finished a 1.48 mi run with a time of 18:21 with Nike GPS.
I'll hit u up tomorrow about the game
Nothing's more embarrassing than having a cholo walk in on u peeing.
The worst day ever.
One beautiful day today.
Took the bike out for a long ride.
that's awesome
things will get better .
I promise .:  no problem :
: Protip Having a basic understanding of geography is helpful when you travel to other markets.
.....hahaha hilarious thx
Oh hey Gwen!
happy mothers day to my little big cousin ....u will always be my pig
I wish people would stop taking pictures of their food.
The only food that is photographed and actually looks delicious is fast food.
Just pouring another cup here.
RT : Good morning!
Where's the coffee please?
RT 
Getting to old to stay out until 1:30 in the morning with a am show!
does he like his new harness?
IfICouldWishForAnything is wish to go back in time an fix all of my mistakes.
Happy Birthday welcome to the club!
Robbie just grabbed my arm  used my hand to hit me saying Stop hitting yourself!
Thank you for teaching him this.
Wow.
Can't weather over there make up its mind?
I hate it when you name a git branch something hard to type, and then have to type it constantly for days.
being the only president in U.S.
history to support gay marriage to earn the young liberal vote?
fuck no
where you goin ...
Cove???
Maybe ill just come but I'm not sure rod may want to 2..
ill text yu in a lil
I can't wait to see it!
The underworld movies are one of my fav's, absolutely love them!
:
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :I want to talk to Roxie but BearBear can't speak.
Awww yeah Rangers!!!
No doubt marcum is key : More than just him Marcum and Lucroy have to bounce back.
Nyjer has 2 produce again.
I loved 10 Things That Good Bosses Do.
Is there any way to contact you via email?
Thx!
WeAreBC RT : GO Eagles!
Good luck tonight!
Thanks for the follow!
Just voted for for the NASCAR All Star Race  in part because he was so cool to me when we played paintball!
More like a snail.
Hands on the wheel no uh uh Fuck that
what's on your mind Tisa???
Q: Why does breath have to stink in the morning?
I be wanting to roll over and have morning sex, but not have to deal with mornin breath
omg I haven't even heard of it!
Isn't that the truth?
Where you off to on vacation?
bobo?
LMFAO.
How do you get that outta vincent tho?
WHAT THE HELL?
is wishing everyone Happy Holidays and is still making cookies...
Eh?
I won't be getting it, my computer can't run it.
Now, if it is released for consoles as the rumors claim...
;
stop being selfish ;
Have an artist flying in next week to record booked 4 days straight loves the vocals coming out my studio
ignatius recommends asking god not only to take away our fears of rejection, but even to send us what we fear most.
Economics is war pursued by other means.
So sad I didnt even make it dtown but the westside rocked it associates
Uhm, don't get too excited about my day offit starts...wait for the jealousy to set in...with a scheduled bandage change for the pups paw.
thank you : RT WW Most excellent follows Don't miss!
Everyone is so annoying today omg glad I'm leaving.
TONIGHT  CLUB ELEGANCE EVERYONE FREE TILL 11:30 LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT!!!
5ADMISSION 3 doctorNKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ ROK 
love to invite you to come to Harbor House for our brunch we offer on Sundays!
Will mos def be gettin a copy.
Got em all.
Way back from the CD with u  ya Dad on the cover.
GOD bless
: yes...baseball IS in fact more important than XFactor....so you can wait!
lol who says otherwise?
That's my fightin side!!
Starting my doctorve to Denver now.
Entertain me cuz it's gonna be long and boring
Stealing this MT Shatkin I'm well past the ingenue phase of my career.
I'm the hardedged, raspyvoiced dame running the whorehouse.
Well, you could have a taco salad, but I think those defeat the purpose...
That would be me but I'm totally disqualified by sending this tweet....just expended effort
Good Morning, Twitterverse!
Oh yeah I forgot about him, he'd probably be a 7th/8th man.
Ugh.
Can't sleep.
We are open!
freelance though I do subcontract through other production companies.
I just gave up.
No matter what I tried same thing happened to me too.
:
Your own CMS, or an existing one?
What features did you want to port over?
where's the mariachi band at?
Words I can't take seriously, even when used properly and with the best intent: thrust
Watching the news before 9am  impressive.
The obsession  not so much.
nice little cupcakes, precious little cupcakes ...
OMG FUCK YOU WHAT THE FUCK.
WHAT THE HOLY SHIT LOVING ANAL SEAPAGE ARE YOU
Human beings are made of body, mind, spirit.
Of these, spirit is primary, for it connects us to the source of everything.
Thanks 4 following; I'll follow back.
Great articles!
Is it friday yet?
This has been such an exhausting week.....so ready to start my weekend.
Be still my heart: playing the movie 'Big' on the bricks!!
Yes  make RTA the sole org in charge of pub trans.
I need to call you up.
To talk abt money.
Thanks so much, Pati!
Have a lovely weekend!
I love your video's, good job!
This smart young lady just asked me if I needed a envelope for 48.76
Something is wrong when it takes more time to tie your tie for the hearing then the actually court hearing itself.
wouldn't even ENTERTAIN the thought in madden!
If u ain't been in a tourny; a REAL ONE, eye want even play u
I can't!
My parents are bitching at me to do homework.
Watching Sweet Home Alabama and trying to plan my life.
I really need to stop feeling sorry for myself and suck it up.
I'm annoying myself.
Britons not up to speed on capitals Not knowing Canberra is the capital of Australia and thinking it's Sydney could be excused but many B
I love 'Girls!' Those characters are so familiar to me.
Very real show.
Thanks for the compliments on the show.
Album coming soon!
RT : Promoting FB campaign w/ 1 email yields 50 increase in engagement.
2 emails yields 100 increase via
It's our pleasure!
Hmm.
Look who's been following who...
i wish he would just leave me alone!!
What Makes You Louis Ass :D
Granger a boxer dude hed put the hands to lebron lol RT : Granger don't want those problems
Awesome!!!
Congrats!!!
More trips to Houston for !!
I see u love kimmey as much as I do.
I am going to be so happy in a few years from now she will be on celebrity big brother!
Not that the eyebrow wasn't already unusual...
Which, however, seems to be a problem....MT iBooks Author is only for authoring iBooks  no EPUB support at all...
I was going to say it's the college championship game for PR students but when I was in the comp, felt more like hunger games
Seriously!
: So, Will Ferrell was on SNL  Usher was the music guest?
Am I in the 90's?
I want to Surge  play w/ a SkipIt.
Lord, awaken our endurance so we may faithfully advance in prayermay your Spirit make us bold in our request and what we do for You.
There is nothing to be loved except my oemahkoe'ers :p.
so many amazing titles!
Send them all!!!
IPrideMyself on how i listen to all genres of music, how else are you supposed to write music without different perspectives?
I like your sexy face.
:D
NowPlaying Complicated by Face to Face /cc
I think what disturbed me about tasing you was how much joy and pleasure she was having doing it !
lol
Getting ready for the Gophs in the FrozenFour...Let's Go Gophers!
My biggest memory of 2011 was watching Kimbrel sob in the locker room after blowing the season for the braves  Brewers can do it again

too soon.
i can't talk about it.
get back to me in 65 years.
Prejudice squints when it looks, and lies when it talks.
is working with CitizenEffect for the Detroit4Detroit program.
To get involved contact Stefen Welch.
RT : See the many ways printers, book designers,  artists approached the artistic presentation of the King James Bible....
Chilling high
idk!
I hope so though!!
I'm kinda grounded so I gotta wait to get off from being grounded!!
:
A guy being a girls bestfriends Don't exist
Phil i really like this shot or your tea
it used to be cool staying after talking with the teachers lol.
But for sure, lets!
Do you have a fake or just party?
Haley your in this too!!!!
That moment when you miss someone so much, you can't even handle it anymore so it breaks your heart so much ./3
Hello!
Welcome to tweeting, thanks for the follow!
Hello gorgeous!!!!
xoxo
RT : Holistic health is the key to true beauty
Been talking to my Bestfriend all day :
Bro will you follow us so we can dm you
good luck, I'd love to hear what you find out.
How did you get this stuff?
Yeah, I pulled an Ashley and deleted it.
:P Awww, they're cute.
Money is lame, but it's okay.
Called my dad to tell him happy birthday.
He was walking back to the MOtel.
You know, The Venetian.
Hahah how could I forget such an important day in history?
:P
is it coming to Indy?!
Live music: even if it sucks it's good.
They represent the last 30 days black dots mean you checked in, light gray dots mean you didn't.
Icp facepaint is a bitch to clean off.
you will!
No doubt!
xx
RIP..
Whitney Houston!
will have to look.
On iPod now.
Easy to use in a horizontal orientation.
Changed my username to something Linkin Park related.
It's temporary but I like it.
Feel like I got cooties  spread cooties.
Like how Mister's daddy said Shug had the nasty woman's disease!
:/
Happy Saturday to all my followers!
Can you believe we survived the first week of 2012?
66Richard SeymourDTOakland Raiders
oh kobe.
RT : HAPPY WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON
Found some letters from my grandpa in France during WW2 to my grandmother  dad in the Bronx.
Will share them w/ you soon
companies.
John Bautista from giving awesome advice on what acquisitive companies are demanding
But look at the depth of our team.
That IS Pioli's responsibility.
Poet: Ars Poetica.
Like, now.
Shit, what piece?
Looking for money to put where my mouth is.
Tell me what to bring in
Congrats to the amazing graduates  you're leaving large shoes to fill!
I know you'll go on to do big things :
Orlando hosting MashableConnect.
Kicking off tonight!
So awk : That awkward moment when Megan Fox is pregnant and you're not the father.
I feel like aching death today.
It's not overly pleasant, nor entertaining to read about.
follow me please i love you so much 3 yolo
Paseo Underground at midnight.
Come out!
Opportunity may knock only once, but temptation leans on the doorbell.
stay fly till you die!
I just cannot doctornk like that and be productive the next day.

Mexican 80's Baby with No Baby.
:P
Hi!
I keep hearing about you  your research in DH.
Would love to hear more about it!
Are you still in the area?
Wow sabers if y'all played like this all year you'll be in the eastern conference lead meh
you're the one that i doctoram about all day, you're the i think of always.
3
I don't have any contacts in this phone...but really idc to ask either so don't take it personal if u don't hear from me
Dakota, I appreciate that.
Omg I JUST Had That Like 5 Minutes Ago Lol .
MT If u want to prevent abortions, u make sure every 1 has health care, a H.S.
diploma  birth control.
Not the exact opposite.
Man I'm sleepy
you ARE beautiful!
I can help you get rid of that little boy chest
Hard to believe but we need to sort this thing out over the next 23 hours....
steered I just got this.
What's good bookie lol
then you have my older sister who keeps saying, the jonas brothers are sincerely the greatest boy band of all time
eeew then it got bloody  awesome fight though
debating whether to watch an episode of DarkShadows on lunch or just go into the Burton film tonight blind ...
You're so clever, but clever ain't wise.
Is there a way to just automatically retweet everything that says?!
Must follow for all NFL fans.
It's 245 am.
Shouldn't the adults in 2024 shut up and go to sleep?
They r called sleeping rooms.
RT : Ray Bradbury I'm 17 and I'm crazy.
My uncle says the 2 always go together.
When people ask your age, he said, always say 7
Well damn idk what to tell you um just don't put no holes in the pillow lmao
Dear friend that doesn't speak to me until he needs something, you need instrumentals of these songs burned?
I hope you like neon pink.
Silencee is so awkward
First20SongsOnShuffle 13 Sexy and I Know It by LMFAO...
You know it's on your iPod too ;
Psalm 34:18 18 The LORD is close to the brokenhearted and saves those who are crushed in spirit.
til i actually start school im back home in Kentucky with my parents
Need to clean my room and get my homework done.
You already know their names?!
I need a few more weeks before I'm at that level.
Thanks for the FF shout out!
Great War of 1812 picks!
We're finally moving into new prac.
space and taylor's got her new Rhodes, so should be a fun jam night!
Something cool is coming out of Orpster in the next week.
You will wanna see this.
Swiping to move selection onto desired item in Remote.appAppleTV is exact opposite of how scrolling now works in all other Apple software.
PPSS Feature Flavor: Key Lime Pie.
Come check it out before it's gone :.
Owow
Bout to do work.
that's one way
I Need Some Pinky UHO They Don't Call Me Problems 4 Nothin Hahaha.Its Problems Bitch.
excellent!
I'd love so see him live!
Shit, that was offensive, wasn't it?
Think I just missed the 71D not tryna walk a extra block for the P1
To quote you shouldn't run into the wall, outfielder
Stuck at school :
yeah i'm sick, lol sick and tired of this weather.
Its ruining my hunting.
just submitted my video, I really hope i did good this time, I really hope I've improved
I was Clara in the Nutcracker 2 years ago:
This is twitter where we go live, hamm, whatever you wanna call it...point is stop protecting ya tweets assnutt!
ClassActionForeclosureFraud Christopher Legal Group Nevada Nicholas A.
Boylan CA FILED!
Please RT High Priority
of course im tuning in : waking up early just to watch it!
x
Woke up feeling so sick : and I have work in a few hours.
Ugh!
Thinking about life
RT eats pussy with chicken
Give too much of yourself away and you will be all used up, not enough and there won't be anyone there to share this with.
I'm in hell.
We're stuck on the runway in Minneapolis but can't get off the plane because we'd have to clear customs.
In the meantime...
Not yet My Friend, not yet.
RT I may be too old for this shit.....
Why?D:
Great birthday for son today.
Had a REAL Jedi Master show up and give Jedi training to son and 10 of his friends.
Awesome!
Even more amazing  ATL beats Utah in 4OT on 3rd night of backtobacktoback.
My goal in life is to meet Oprah.
I gotta make this happen...
Good stuff!
Never doubt a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change a nation; indeed, it's the only thing that ever has.
Margaret Mead
There is always time for chocolate!
Lol the reds announcer just sounded like the one from major league  that will be a double play monotone voice
Big kudos 4 keeping us all updated with live tweets during meeting with congressman cummings
Feliz dia a la super mom for the first time!!
Te quiero Andy!
Enjoy
I suppose.
I just don't want it to be him!
I just rewatched the Halloween episode.
2 more hours.
I just want to know!
Peyton Manning gets the Colts back on track last night.
Can they still win the division?
Mouthgasm MT Pastrami Melt anyone?
NY Pastrami, Munster Cheese, caramelized onions, spicy mustard, potato peppercorn bread
just waiting around for some DNS switcherooing.
better hurry because im getting ready to leave.
Haha I got a third message from Twitter that says your following me.
Can u say glitch?
Have a good day!
everything is good this semester has been kicking my butt so no time for twitter
family friends who live in BR
I wish Haley had an iPhone.
Vernon D!
Share same risk professorle, alignment of incentives, alignment of goals  key for any startup team.
a Mexican haha duhh lol  what's this guy
sometimes, getting water to make tea seems like too much effort.
I'm that cool guy everyone talks about
Old School Heidi Well do you want me to be honest or do you want me to tell you this is the first time
Through three quarters at Toyota Stadium, Georgetown leads Lindsey Wilson 4920.
Get me out of this intolerable tedium
Thanks for the mention!
DonaldDDiva
no wine?
Oh noes!
But yeah, that's a nasty red splotch on the radar.
omg.
we need to set up a standing breakfast date.
We r upgrading our lights ...
Just got a prayer rug in the mail 
Good morning pooter!
You're looking dapper!
It's Electrik Emily with a k at the end, not a c, 'cause I'm kool like that.
: Ha!
This is a 'mustdo' RT : Mobile Health  Stanford  May 4  5, 2011.
Focus: What really works
we never talked.
lol but u know how serra was.
08 stucc together sophomore year
2011RemindedMe when you're young everything is possible.
so now your stache is literally a shadow of its former glory?
meet u on plane ride to green bay last year for Saints game hopefully see u this year for the game
oh, im sorry.
/: I didnt mean to offend you.
:
They love messing with charles!!
Haha
National Curry Week...no wonder Chicago smells like shit today..
The best msg you can get from 13 yo brother is one that just has 17x 'ha's.
A slight rib about the size our dads head?
Worth it.
congrats on the badge ha
Early detection is ammunition Live to fight and fight to live
What's up twitter
I swear mister love has absolutely no emotion expression for her face.
Cosmo cover story on the boobgasm.
I love Cosmo
An iPad!
RT : Convinced Mom to buy her first laptop.
Budget is 600.
What PC should I get for her?
social media startup in sanfran hiring web designer: required: html/css, js  BS in CompSci, b/c nothing prepares designers like CompSci
I had no idea you were such a great singer!
Wow!
Really love your voice.
Hope this finds you well.
proud of boyfriend is fantastic!
cant wait for the album and s album cant wait OMG 3
Aced my midterm
yes everyone should heed this
Thanks!
Trip home was safe, but totally caught
I was nervous before this game but was relieved when I found out when weren't playing Baylor's womens team.
watching jim irsay and peyton and crying quietly at my desk
it's all gucci
the beauty of it RT : You can never tell when a Capricorn is serious or not.
That's the trick.
I'll take that as a compliment, Marc!

Things we ought to do Things weve got to do Things we like doing.
you better love what you got before you go and give it away
Super fun!
We'll definitely have to organize another one soon.
what?
if you don't have anything intelligent to say...
Vikings stadium debate going on right now in House.
is a good follow to track it.
Sushi for lunch, sushi for dinner.
Hahahaha...yeah I am really not sure what I've gotten myself into with that!
Yes, lady.
Please call your friend back and help your childoctorn find books.
I cannot believe Albert puljols is struggling goes to show how mentally tough baseball is
Finish your beer there are sober kids in India
you an put deposits in now!
Refundable till may 15th gives you priority.
Flights are tough; do them on your own is recommended
ew.
gross.
ya bum.
So damn goo
I miss when was still jimmy on degrassi those were the days degrassi 101 and degrassi the next generation
No Liberals No Democrats No Biden
ha!
yea.
what are the chances of that.
monday flights from ATL to SFO on 1st daay of RSAC are always interesting.
: Keep it real brother.
Anticipation is the business thanks bro much love!
Naturalization papers: Filed!
BlackFriday shopping is so much fun!
We're buying some insane speakers for some serious surround sound :
Let's go to breakfast in the morning...
IHOP my treat !!
Error by DerekJeter?!
What gives?
Selling weed isn't a job..it's a way to get quick  but you can't support your family that way your whole life
awww, i'm still getting used to seeing you refer to her as the wife.
too cute!
:
cant wait till im 21
A daughter may outgrow your lap, but she will never outgrow your heart.
Unknown
How to make more money and gain personal satisfaction.
Deliver something more than fine.
Deliver Remarkable..
www.clickcom.com
Corrina Corrina is my kind of movie....
one of my favorites.
Sorry I've been gone for so long, I've had lots of things going on lately
Kidlawyer is wondering....
if money doesn't grow on trees, then why do banks have branches?
dead RT : lmfao RT MyPastRelationships are GONE.
Only thing my ex can do for me now is give me head.
says give people an opportunity to connect with you via twitter.
Very clear point.
it's personal
But Anyways That Cirriculum Fair Was Packed Me N Kaysha Was Walkin Around Togetherr
Of course I'm still here.
But we'll work on it.
:
Good old TRDEVL  one of the first social leaning media.
Don't let them catch up guys !
RT Libras turn heads when they enter a room, not just because of their good looks, but because of their commanding pr ...
Time for hockey!
I'll be doing that shit when I'm 40 
Is The Egyptian bluray any good?
Taking a week off from school as I come to terms with the fact I didn't win the megamillions.
Wholeheartedly believed I would win
Aye Shawty what's ya name?
What's ya number ..
u heard about my age..
Well FORGET that number..
;D .
What's the best nickname for Thursday?
Friday Eve?
Post Hump?
How about Thristday?
Oh yeah!
Come and get it!
Cooking channel : wonderful events for delicious and easy dishes.
CHECK OUT Paula Deen
Think about not going to my MATLAB class tonight.
I'm too excited for my vacation this weekend!
thanks for following!!
Thanks for the RT, David!
I appreciate the support.
Be well, Ryan Singleton.
when season 2 of alphas is airing?
RT : Congratulations to Stickan for being reelected as Chairman.
Looking for flowers today?
We have everything you desire on 70th  North Ave
Had a doctoram upon waking that combined Firefly, Zelda, Naruto Shippuden and Alien.
Too much scifi for one doctoram?
Never.
My day could be shitty, but just seeing you in the hall makes its all that much better and you don't even know.
back stateside after a great conference with COST A32/Interedition
Bob Redman of Scout reports that 2013 forward Chris Walker will make a decision soon.
UK is on his list.
At this damn store getting irritated cause these people moving slow as hell.
Damn I'm ready to go home.
Lol
yeah i guess thats true lol its still depressing though:P
Start makin a pot of that killer chili y'all!
We cant get Hoss to stop yackin about it!
OH YES but it was tulsa i wouldnt expect ANY less right off pine and peoria
if only I could!!
You know I would!
I am still behind on TSC When it was boring I stopped watching but now I need to catch up!
I'm so upset it was cancelled!
aww how nice of u
NJ Devils Goal!!!!!!!
OT Magic in New Jersey!
Lets go
haha!
I 3 youu im playing vanessa and i have used the words hoes and fart lol
Looking for an excellent, lowcost Wifi repeater.
Just bought the ASUS RTN10 for 29 and it rocks.
Super simple setup too.
About to rock The Crack Fox in St Louis with Lincoln, NE band ...
16th show of the tour...
3 more to go!
FUN!
were you there last year?
I was!
We know a few CBC12 attendees that have access to more.
;
Fifty Sasha Greys
wow really?
That's kinda super cool.
thanks girl!!
you too hahhaa and i'm Morgan:
My Swagger Is Just Out Standing...That's Why Niggas...
CantStandMe!!!
I think I'll work at the beach today.
Where are you?
Brit's is far less stuffy  a much better choice
Awwh My dads gunna get it WEAK he's about to get beat
I got 1200 kicks them bitches straight from japan.
Whenever I fly to Wisconsin, I truly feel as if I'm home.
With all the politics...
Who is your favorite presidential candidate of all time, who never won?
We just broke 200 likes on Facebook!!
New music this weekend!
Also, looking back at some of my old tweets, I legitimately have nothing of substance to post to twitter.
I suggest you unfollow me.
I'm not bragging on my PWs enough.
They continue to own their league.
Even in a lackluster effort, still came away with a 42 W.
city council is a public service.
Refuse your salary and rid assistant positions!
Saving city potentially millions!
did you guys change your pumpkin latte formula.
I ordered one today  and it didn't taste like pumpkin at all
i can just screw around on amazon all day and never get bored
You need to STOP SMOKING!
Try a nicotine LOLLIPOP!
You wont find them just anywhere  call Hiebers at 4126816400
Beta.
It's fantastic.
nothin, school.
school.
and school.
u
you ain't kidding.
I'm grateful to make it home tho...most important thing
Heroes mtg tonight in Capital Hill to start discussing our fundoctoriser this fall :
A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom.
Robert Frost
well it sure is a good thing I don't remember that then huh?
Lol
TomFord have i told you lately how awesome you are and how much i LOVE your line of colognes?!
WELL, I DO!
I am reading  The Hour I First Brlieved by Wally Lamb.
So far it's good.
What are you reading?
good one!
Hope ur enjoying time with the grand kids!
Join us this Saturday at State Fair Park for Walk Now for Autism Speaks!!!
5 of every 20 Milwaukee Card sold will go directly to the cause
Harry has curly hair because he eats too many carrots.
Focuses more on stretches and lifting, but customizes programs for your needs
I'm down with all 3 of those things!
Randy Johnson?
I knew you were a bot!
Moose Crossing we have made it beauty hotel
you see I had these days of the week underpants, and I thought they were funny.
but he was suspicious, 'where is sunday?'
Bad bitches like me are hard to come by.
's looking very COOL
Only 2 mins until this god forsaken Spurs vs the young Jazz series is over and we are all out of our NBA Playoff misery...
Just gave testimony in support of AB 1568:  believes all forms of discrimination should be eliminated.
Passed.
I watched people leave and then come right back, I never wanted any part of that.
I just DMed u..
Getting some of the stuff packed away and calling other Petsmarts :O
RT : Anyone tell me how tweet about daughter is NOT racist?
Didn't think so.
truly enjoyable conversation.
Looking forward to next opportunity / next steps.
Take a few shots let it burn In your chest!
Partying like its the last hurrah with my classmates!
i just tasted marker not good
I'd go but I'm playing me dear ;
There's a sucker born every minute P.T.
Barnum
Just want to say, I love the President for a lot of reasons, among them his intellect and aim.
'Turn To You' made me cry.
Got followed around in the mall by two dudes to ask if i have any weed
Reminder: It is important to find companies that stand behind their reports.
Best not to have them state otherwise when the time matters
RT Pierce been clutch from the cradle...
Player safety is 1 priority in NFL.
Concussions, cracking down on bounty program and...increasing to 18 game schedule.
Ryan is obsessed with thrones.
Asked me to start calling him Lord Ryan.
Enjoying beers  the Thirsty Whale Tavern in Bar Harbor, ME
No!
you said want!
don't go switching it up missy.
The 2011 Big Book of Colorado Tennis has arrived!
If you can't wait for it to appear in your mailbox, find it at your local club or courts.
Not bein rude but I wish my old hoes would stop textin my fuckin phone
I need food, and Advil and coffee.
A new chapter started in my life today, time to edit out useless characters.
FlopCity in a 7th playoff game!
If you haven't checked it out before, you'll have to stop in at Renaissance Books in the main terminal.
Great rare bookstore
Wow!
Just ran through our list of 53 libraries  45 of them have Facebook pages!!
RT : Stock our 10,000th library with childoctorn's books.
Each RT gives the library 1 book thanks to generous donor.
Itz a select few i actually care about now
If you quit, somebody else gets to live your doctoram!
why thank you, mister David!!!
Got a high tolerance when your age don't exist.
Follow vision, mission, not just money.
Kernels of engagement.
You're welcome 3
The purpose of a brand is to personalize.
Major Hood of The Salvation Army.
sucks to suck and .
Akhil doesn't even give you a shoutout
People use the word anorexia like its a joke.
Its not.
Its reality  has bacome the definition of my family  its not easy.
Congratulations to the Japan women's soccer team on winning the World Cup.
Proud of the US team  they played well and had their chances.
I just wanna scream...
Woke up to a foggy morning but the sun has burned through for a beauitful morning.
YES!!!
Like there is that school a park then my school :D
So, we're back to being a Centre  big Left Wing short.
I've got a six pack  spontaneous bouts of sobbing
Ashton Kutcher is pulling a.
Second photoshoot of the day
Everybody be sure to check out our brand new bandcamp page to stream all our stuff!
www.fastcar.bandcamp.com
How with all My accounts ot twitter.???
I Also co edite Please follow me.!
of course its meek mill
I got yu bruh.
Type in TankSWP on datpiff.
And let me kno wat u think.
If yu fucks wit it we can do some work together
Just checking in....did everyone have a good Mother's Day?
feeling miserable.
We also re did some of Hottest Gay Places Pennsylvania visit www.hottestgayplacespa.com to see them
Thanks sir.
The one I'm most confident in is my older daughter's game.
They've got a strong team.
Happy birthday to , 2k12 prodigy
I hate school
Wassup motherfucka where my money at
SNCA12 poster is at the printer and will be ready tomorrow!!
Shout outs to for the title  for the design work!
Told u girl I aint who I used to b, you can trust me.
First day is rocky but smooth, welp 29 more days
Glad to hear.
What you going to be doing in city?
I have no party agenda.I am free thinking.
I do not have comisterdes that I chant lies with.
We are very different.ur confused
understand why a normal paper length should be abt 20 pages.
I tend to lose interest when they exceed 30.
I tend to write more though:p
I'm watching OldSchool on TBS now lol...I love this movie
Surprised to hear Quinn since they played it at Bethel
running circles around and his grating pseudojournalism all day
workout :P
Getting my hair cut at The Studio in Ohio City.
scms12 need to get grads learning how to manage projects to prepare for alt careers
watched florence  the machine on SNL.
something weird about her.
she's got a great voiceeven live, but her performance looks inauthentic
We wish everyone a wonderful Friday and a Happy New Year!
For not having a job, I'm waking up WAY to early!
6:30 day, w/o an alarm  rested, stress free, bored by 10am ;
Who had a worse offseason, the saint or the dolphins?
Not to be mean or anything but I LOVE YOU!
HAHAHAHAHA IM FUNNY jkjk: PLEASE NOTICE ME:
Hey!
Where are the black people on Portlandia?
Thanks for the shout  I appreciate the support.
We are also strongly considering getting off our butts to work this Sunday after graduation ceremonies...stay tuned!
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific.
Awesome.
RT : iron sheik the kobe and the pau gasol the nikolai volkoff?
Our commitment has been to provide our customers with unparalleled quality low cost service.Auto Glass Experts 4144097263
We took pics at school 2day.I wonder hws my picture
It makes my day when one song can describe exactly how I'm feeling.
Thanks for the RT.
Thanks for helping spread the word.
Cats have over 100 vocal sounds; dogs only have 10.
Got to see and touch the biebster himself and the classy UK boys !!!
Fun day in LA, time for Roscoes!
Actually lost musical interest in Mariah post1s.
Nothing she did, really...
just my musical tastes changed.
Hey guys its i hit my tweet limit!!
:O lets keep trying to trend HU4L 3 3
You're en fuego.
Exactly right.
Baklava makes me so happy!
Favorite dessert EVER.
CNNHeroes good luck.
I love you all...amazing isnt even the word.
what's nel's twitter handle?
Thank god pujohls hit into a db!
She is beautiful!
Congratulations!
write night with .
whatcha going to see?
check you out!!
MT to find out more about the MakerFaire coming in August.
MMFEvanston  tweet your interest 2  for planning
You're underselling him, man.
He has an incredible jump shot, and he smokes.
I mean, all the kids think I'm funny, and I don't wanna be.
I wanna be normal, I wanna start to try me, a whole person...CARRIE WHITE
wat time u getting there sir?
im inviting my people
i see you bro
No one but Ron Paul can bring in that many at a rally.
Idk why but the part behind my right knee hurts :/
Thank you.
I am so excited to begin the next phase of my life.
:
BLOODY KISSES FROM POISON LIPS.
LEAVE LOVERS DEAD IN DITCHES.
going to sleep to The Doors.
nobody will ever be able to fill the shoes of Jim Morrison.
amazing man and musician.
the comments on that one are great too
The static seen on old anaolg TV's is residual radiation from the Big Bang
Nice play by iggy!
Being noticed by is all I'm asking for.
: Amen.
Wow!
this is awesome!
we're now over 1000 followers!
thank you everyone!
Show us to you friends!
TasteofHillcrest is happening until 4pm today!
Janis is giving me a halibut fishing trip in Homer for my birthday in June.
I'm gonna catch a hundoctord pound flat fish....
lol that phone dead im bout to dm you my other number
The grass ain't greener, the wine ain't sweeter either side of the hill
Whats the deal over there?
YUM  How are they?
Welp, just got done working a day that started at 9 am on Thursday.
I'll be back in the audit war zone in less than 4 hrs.
Good grief.
I like that photo of you in the Johnny Cash tie.
Was that taken by a professorssional?
It's the giant fog spiders that have me worried.
Vintage Tiger.
ZooFit is going to turn rapid fat loss into reality for everyone that's ready!
thanks for following Evelin!
Now that I have a moment to breathe after the semester, I can concentrate on the hardest thing I've done in months  clean my apartment
Thanks for following!
We help fund startups/co's that are premature for the banks.
I checked out your blog, great articles!
Was at the game..
left after ax blew it..
just grinding ....
and you be!
I have had so much on my mind.
Needed: 8 pg comedy shorts to shoot in 1 day.
Produced for funny of die/comedy central.
Please send scripts/q's to:
think neimi will find a job??
Where do u think he'll end up?
You can lead a boy to college but you can't make him think.
2NIGHT'S SHOW IS GONNA BE SEXY!
8PM Come see , , , , , and more!
2 beers!
Wait, does he know the topic???
Brewers game tonight with the RD crew!
need a hot new doctorss for your next photoshoot?
Check us out we cater to the beautiful and
will it be televised???
if so what chanel and dot sweat it you god playboy
The last VVS11 happened in Salem MA 300 years ago.
Back to the future?
now that is a nice view!
Josh Hamiltons home run last night was 12 rows short of the Ted Williams red seat?
Meditation is best with empty pockets.
Some of the best nights of my life have been on Tuesday!
Don't expect me to hit you up ..
Cause it most likely won't happen.
The act of being thankful is a conscious choice...
My friendgirl brUng breakfast in this morning said 'Happy Anniversary' ..my tru friends are thee best, farin between, greatly appreciated!
thats for sure bro its finaly coming together , and yes knee bullshit not good
You are my new role model
can't wait to see you either!!
Lala Bear!
: Sucks when u get use to talkin to some one and then one day there out of ur life aaj : y
: good morning another day to move closer to your doctorams....
doctoramchaser
i completely agree, but theres one thing.
a grown man that said this.
GROWN.
30 somethin.
And yet again she tweeted indolent neglect
...is not a white cis straight guy...I'm a mostlylesbian, bicurious transwoman.
Just got out of work and am so bummed I missed the party was at!
I guess it's jammies and catching up on Glee for me tonight!
of course!!
:D
man we gettin ready for this anniversary in August.
Celebrating LA HIP HOP also might need a tow
weird how so?
The Raven was amazing.
I was not disappointed whatsoever.
Best freaking ending.
trying to see this new video!!
avenue with my gf
True.
But it definitely helps.
Good answer, my beautiful court reporting student niece!
Moderation!!!
Good girl!
Looks like a beautiful weekend.
Stop in for a glass of wine down by Lake Cabernet or join some friends on the patio for wine and cheese.
there's gotta be more than that, right?
For as many jersey cards as are produced of players from every era of baseball?
Lesson learned: have full charge on computer before going to wifi coffee shop
send us yer addoctorss.....
cheers, thanks!
do YEAH!
By usher ,lil John and ludacris!!!
i mean big 20 lol sorry man.....
Writing about how physician preference for medicalsurgical products can doctorve up or lower health care costs.
Goal: high quality cost.
Hey do you know exactly how the yelp filter works?
I have a lot of reviews filtered for our clients.
Tired of that no man's land type of place where you never hear from anyone.
I like the concept of controlling your job search
we should invent our own little facebook...
one of the best feelings in the world is listening to something that didnt exist before you created it MUSIC IS LIFE!!
hello MY TWEETERS!!!!!!
HOPE ALL GOOD.
happy 4th to all of you.!
Almost just got in an accident leaving breaks parking lot....
Good friends?
1.
Help you move.
2.
Loan you money.
3.
Give you a job if they are the boss.
4.
Give you a hand when you are down, not a kick
Love muffins breads and cakes ?
Swap out the flour and sugar , and add applesauce  oatmeal .
It's amazing
singing gangstaaas make the world go round
Wrapped on a shoot where a CAT was in my presence...I'm beginning to wonder if I'm not allergic after all?
Or just wishful thinking...Hmm.
Today was that day when I tried and say something and everything thing would just come out wrong
Strange watery April rains.
even if you like write it down and give it to the 15 year old, please: is he cute?
People burn me but I still stay nice to them.
I hate when people act better than everyone.
God created everyone EQUALLY!
Some people will tell you you can't,all you gotta do it say,watch me Justin Bieber
I gotta clean my room but it's to damn hot in there.
God's ways are not our ways they are not to be figured out; only trusted
motherf trip trip sell him on a trip trip dats da kind of dude i was lookin for and yess you'l get slapped
Playing a building contractors convention, gonna open with my Lionel Ritchie Parody Stucco You.
Is this thing on?!?
Hello!
Rule 1 doctornk texting the bands you book...
is completely ok if their peen is smaller than yours
perfect your weapon is a leek instead of a sword
For the Green Developers APIs for the Environment greendoctora.ms
lol.
ya.
i know.
Rude bitches.
Just found the neatest app called color uncovered that shows great connections between science and art.
It's free!
:
It looked that way.
Our D played amazing.
Seeing how hard they play makes me happy we didn't trade them for Rick Nash.
Yep, see you at 6:30
Mission Valley Farmers Market  Every Friday Rain or Shine 3:00pm 7:00pm Westfield Mission Valley Mall near Target on Mission Center Rd.
: Pk doctorma  doctorma  ..as long as I'm NOT affiliated with it in any way
Massage increases your circulation which, in turn, doctorins tissues of excess fluid caused by recent injury, surgery, or pregnancy.
whatever.
Haha thank ya.
All I have to do is coast these last few days of school
I was WONDERING when you were gonna get that thing finished...
The Hult Center, a cultural cornerstone of the community, opened its doors to the internationally acclaimed Shen Yun Performing Arts.
Get 25 Off on 100 Purchase of Transforming Skin Care at Murad ...
thanks for the love
You Unfollowed me ?
Had fun talking with Chris  on about Derby Day Fundoctoriser this Sat at !!
bout to get something to eat hungry as H what to eat what to eat?????
lol
Lol all of a sudden I'm a fan of the song 'Birthday Cake' cake cake cake cake cake LOL
Fresh off work..
bouta pass out
No tickets to give away now.
I'm going.
RT : Awkward life w/ 
I GET HIGH ALL DAY AT WORK UP HERE IN BOULDER CO.
420 THIS HITS FOR U GUYS MUCH LOVE Y'ALL NEED SOME WATER BOTTLES LET ME KNO.
all good!
wassup?
ok thanks  yes it is for my bday.
I want cake cake cake.
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING..
I FOLLOWED BACK.
We love the sunshine!!
University Village is offering Happy Hour doctornks all day long today!
Yeah.
No excuse for it, but I feel a little less heartsick than I would've if you had answered differently.
Still gross tho.
damn i guess he text you too lol :D Oh shit that was her man too O.o
I was staring at during my workout doctoroling.
Just wrapped the first half of an awesome film The Garden
I wake up and smile everyday because of you I love you babe
Roll Up 
Hahaha brilliant!!
RT: : Tweet from Alzner March 10th : Me vs Lucic obviously I would come out on top....haha
Former Agenda Director Marty Stein introduces CM Clutterbuck.
wow!
Thanks!
I really appreciate it
Fear stimulates our imaginations
Tuned in, tapped in  turned on today!!
Happy Friday all!!
HEALTHCARE2008 Heart Transplant 780K You have 150K another insured has 1M in coverage.
Who gets the heart?
www.theprofessorttrap.com
so glad you're finally going on vacation!
And this year they didn't play in the NHSI because of the China trip.
How long were they bak from China b4 the tny began?
No.
He's a HOF.
Maybe Kurt won't make the hall.
I sent 5 letters today and have two more mostly written.
you haven't slept alone in prolly 4 months get outta here lol
o I wonder what his position is going to do with his business sales?
People always boycotting something!
Tell Congress you will not vote for any member of Congress, a President, or a Pres Candidate who supports HR3166, NDAA, SOPA, or
put it next to the tree and sent my grandma a message on fb with a pic of it next to the tree lol surprise!
Deep breaths and Van Morrison.
This mornings attempt at finding peace and calm.
I have a taste for fried pickles right now!!!
Just found out I'm a Runner Up in the 2009 We Are Listening Singer/Songwriter Awards, a British song contest.
They especially liked Plans.
ur hair looks darker did u dye ur hair
Logging Off Twitter But Gonna Stay Up, Goodnight 3
Some people have a way with words others erm.....thingy.......
LA is a small world!
Ran into at Warner Bros studios!!
What do you need to know about the show?
NP Beautiful lie c':
maybe that's why I got yelled at.
love you too 333
Yo bruh, I got my license, Ima be whipping !
haha we In there.
Tomorrow morning Bryan Putnam, Kenneth Gartman  Rosena Hill are being interviewed by BroadwayBullet.com for an upcoming podcast.
Chillin wit some Beethoven!
'Pandora'
Watching Gangland and this NY Crip has an American Eagle hoodie on..
Oh yeah you're so gangsta dude!!
Reflections on learning2...?
Won't make a fool out of you.
exactly except they taxed my ass last year, I tried to turn my clothes in n they said we'll contact u, nope got charged 120
Looking for Hoosiers with onlinefocused sales and marketing experience for parttime jobs.
Voodoo doughnuts?
Are they a real thing?
Making 2 childoctorn carry ur luggage tog is a cute but inefficient way 2 travel lady
I want to try ear candling.
Anyone have a person they recommend?
Wanna live the THUG LIFE?
Try out as an extra for Batman, code named MagnusRex this weekend!
tinyurl.com/6xmue9d
Things are quite well.
Finishing up my busy season and working on investments.
Watching mall rats and cleaning
Happy Thanksgiving :
Thanks for the RT, Joe.
Didya get your backpack back?
:
Just another manicmondayyyy.
I wish it were Sunday
got it!
See you soon!
Let us know how it is :
Wally West well written.
youngjustice nice nod to Count Vertigo continuity from GA short.
Queen of Vlatava FTW!
haha!
One of those nights!?
we have food..
RT : Such an honor to share a stage with , , Jacqueline West,  Adam Gurwitzgreat writers, funny people.
Me too!
And my students!
on the way to manila.
lol, nice try.
its homemade from scratch.
I think I'll be keeping it here!!
hope it's ok to use this one.
Does that mean you are expecting?
I want to travel for an extended trip in my RV and take pictures
Why oh why is the 2nd doctorft so much harder than the 1st?
Strong smart helping and cupid:
My heart beats just like a cherry soda, in the summer.
Gotta watch them Spurs, their under the radar
Assuming you'll be on the grad stage Sunday, I'd play next Mon/Tues after work.
Gotta get to Winona too, boys.
Ah I so can't wait there is only 20 more days of school for me then summer vacation :
Happy Birthday Jesus!
Thank you for everything you did for us and for everything you continue to bless us with!
Merry Christmas
I'm at a meeting and Miss Piggy just served me coffee.
Kermit may get jealous.
There is a grown man throwing a hissy fit because his seat number changed.
It must be the end of the world.
I just fell off a crew ship.
Took a hard, violent fall.
Kinda pinballed down.
Hit a lot of railings.
Broke a lotta shit
Get comfortable stepping out your comfort zone.
Just added one of my personal favorites to /indyrestaurants Any others to add?
!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This means you will get to party with both Kraft sisters.
Congratulations!
AMAZING MUSICFlightsToAtlantaMIND BLOWN swag Im just sayin you could do better21
Kiss me hard before you go.
I hate my life but when I watch u just make me like ur video and sub it
According to , I'm not eating enough calories in the day.
Maybe that's why I lost 10lbs.
I need to eat more.
So Best Boy Budd sez still owes him money from back in the day.
Best Boy Budd may be delusional.
SOME DOUCHE STOLE MY PHONE AT CHEER PRACTICE SKHDKLSJAKLD
you goofy Tammy...hahaha!!!
some things will never change, huh?
Lol!!
Nice wide zone tonight.
Looks like I'll be in this hospital for the rest of the night!!
ugh
You thought you were there to guide me, you were only in my way.
Im stunting I do care.
lonely and confused..
as usual.
missing is quite interesting...
Thank you for your astute quotes and observations in the NYT piece
some people think it's funny to beat up smaller and weaker kids, some people don't think it's funny.
MittRomney thinks it's funny.
GodsGirl8494 no need to be hatin on the amazing cuz you know she is damn right...
Sorry love, funs over.
so sad I'm gonna miss.
Tell terreculas what's up
Bur.....7 degrees in Canaan Valley tonight!
A mind once stretched by a new idea never regains its original dimensions.
Anonymous
I beez in her cat !!!
Haven't been there in a while...
too dark during the winter.
But that spot does have good sammiches.
Of course it could be just about anything she likes or what have you.
Does she want to fly with Harry Potter, for example?
Done!
hm what to do?
Brain damage,the plugs went too deep....
Badgers going for the title today.
Go get 'em fellas RT : National anthem, complete.
Final day of B1GTF ready to roll.
Thanks for the follow loves.
Make sure to follow my boss as gear up for his first single on the radio out in June xx
Rick Perry's most prized possession: A Confederate flag signed by the cast of The Dukes of Hazzard.
is your best friend ?
c:
IM STRAIGHT.!!!
Great practice!!
Ready for tomorrow
YouKnowYouRetchetWhen you have a comb in your Afro.
I would hope so yay i'm glad grant said ok you always say he's not an animal person..looks like Teddy good luck
I'm not your bro...
I'm your sis...
BOO YA!
yesyes!!!
Let's go this week for realzy.
Wed or thurs day time?
I work at 5  4 so anytime before that 
after hitting one ball in after 20 attempts now I'm on a roll right now
I'm guessing that the dog wants me to get off the computer to take him outside.
Because he has squeezed between the laptop  me.
Mad Men and a manhattan!
am i under arrest?
basically, even though it's free, I hate everything about it so much that I will never, ever use it.
I don't know if I can handle it handle so much pain
meandyoucantdate because you seem to have a doctornking problem.
hell yea I got a cpl tats on da agenda!ha
Brunch underway!
I have too much Easter candy and I'm complaining about it.
Dupuis extends his points streak to a leaguehigh 17 games.
To see the flecks in the exposed cardboard Lady with a Dog is painted on...
you don't get that in an art history book.
Sigh.
Thanks
Forget Black Friday or Super Bowl Sunday, the real party is for Super Tuesday.
We have a large selection of local products with FRESH SUSHI DAILY!!
Still figuring that all out Tina, just finished finals Friday.
Graduation is May 12th.
Been a crazy ride...
so much going on
I don't think a relationship is qualified as long distance unless it takes more than 6 hrs of doctorving.
It's a short road trip.
just got the iphone4
Oh god thats like Chris sans tattoos.
I need to be at work by 945 am so let my know early
My mind is a neighborhood I try not to go into alone.
Anne Lamott
have a good night peeps
Catching up on the people's court.
Slept so great last night was exhausted from the gym!
WhitneyHouston and StacyFrancis had an altercation over RayJ days ago MSNBC Reports!!
Petrick showing her use of google maps kml to captainre and render bakery data with georectifed map collection.
Off to Dimples with Laura!
The rest of you who are cooler should head to Industry!!!
Call OPP!
: Nothing is as fatiguing as the eternal, hanging on of an uncompleted task.
William James  this is so true...
im pretty sure i was talking about you..
But okaay
Yup, that and it makes you...intriguing
This is crazy Trapped In The Closet all the parts is on YouTube.
This ain't my first time seeing it, I just didn't see in a long time.
findUW next badger to find me at clue 3 will get a free copy of their transcript.
Hurry hurry!!!!
I need a take a shot OFF OF her!!!!
RT : RT : So how exactly does samesex marriage diminish traditional marriage?
You look great!!
Ignore the haters  you JUST had a baby.
Welcome to the new mommy club!
thanks bro the players got there money now lets get ours
Somebody's got to knock this turd Jason off Jeopardy today
My phone is back on
I think we might need to have an intervention.
Your jealousy is really unbecoming.
When I hurt myself is always there.
Brought me ice when I twisted my ankles.
Took ice out of a doctornk for my cig burn 
RT in 20 minutes I'm on it  better!
making some oatmeal.
yum
professorts fall at LAN Airlines
season premmy this sunday we should live tweet it!!!
Yes, we're all tired of talking about But from the level of vitriol I've been seeing certain things still need to be said.
thank you :
Thanks, John, for the mention!
It's a great way to end the day.
RIP Bill Moose Skowron
good call!
Dam my back hurts:
Everybody wanna be a nigga but not to many people want the problems that come with the label...
Spoke to a lot of people today  their 1 concern really surprised me: lack of bike parking  b/c they can't lock securely.
So they doctorve.

I'd have to say that Chang from your Customer Finance Dept.
was one of the nicest people I've ever dealt with on the phone.
hey loser when u get this call me I miss ur face lol
NOVACK finally!!!
Way to smarten up NYKNICKS Start bombin Treys!!!
get it girl!
Trivia night at Edison's yo!
Training new mentors today .
Going to be a good day...
MUSIC session give autistic childoctorn opportunity to express themselves
Yes, please!
It's a kind of morning.
You should blot coffee carpet stains  apparently REI now makes my aviator winter hat in plum...
Watching Camelot on BBC 2, doctornking a nice cup of tea and writing a blog about Tyler Perry
Boehner SO excited bout visit by Crown Prince of Bahrain..keeps asking if the Prince is bringing a crown and if so, can he try it on...
Thanks for the follow, Mackenzie.
Chillin here at the house, thinkin bout what to eat.
Any ideas???
had a nice time with at the mall :
MAJORPRODUCTIONS GREAT QUALITY PRODUCTION  INSANE LOW PRICES NEED SAMPLES DM ME YA EMAIL
Bart Wacek on the Article of the Future
why is that ?
RT Man made orphanages for orphans, God made families for orphans.
Johnny Carr
: How to grow in the restaurant biz: teach well, communicate your vision, inspire your staff.
RT Art is the signature of civilizations.
Beverly Sills
someone text me...
i no but u in front n going backstage.
Rite now i would die to get that.
My mom been tryin to get vip since yesterday 10am
The game starts in an hour, get here now for a 2 hot dog'
teach me how to use this thing.
slash COME OVER AND WATCH NJ HOUSEWIVES WITH ME.
it'll be great.
i'll bake you cookies.
Corn hole tournament by the pool.
Pierce and Ryan are going down.
inittowinit 
No work or No bbyreggie 2mar So I'm gon have the whole day to Myself
Peculiar, soulsucking, mindnumbing, ambitionkilling EVIL!
thanks Kevin.
:  good luck with finals this week; love the beach ball picture you sent
from Portland, OR/ from the link you tweeted.
Life is not always a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes of playing a poor hand well.
Robert Louis Stevenson.
Better late than never...Workout time!
Bout to get it in...kisses!
LAST DAY TO REGISTER FOR THE MOST MOUSTACHIEST CHARITY EVENT EVER!!!
movemberbaltimore.com !!!
Thanks for your support, Jonathan!
Glad to see Lugar out after 36 years!
I dont need a date 2 have a gud Time ...i am the party ...so guess it's party time..
RyanTannehill a bust browns betta not doctorft him
Thank You!
I must say this is one of the most beautiful and comprehensive museums I have ever been too!
Rivals the Miro Museum
are you keeping tabs on the Seattle PI?
Expected to announce the publication of their final issue sometime this week....
: I know u can't see but this truck has LSU tags on the front!
On it's way to Auburn to furnish another trailer.
What a fabulous weekend so far filled with amazing friends  family.....life is good!!
: So
Yea man!
Our groundbreaking for the detroit store is in 2 weeks!
Come on may 14 to the corner of John R and Mack at 945a
New Twitter Picture
Looking for some inspiration and motivation?
Youll find it in the Inspired Women Succeed book and guess what?
Im a contributing author...
Tweeting aloud.
My son, in an argument with me: I apologize, Mom.
Hashtag sarcasm.
Trust me, when you look and feel good about yourself, you don't worry about anyone else
just killed my good mood .
Tim Phillips is a total genius!!!!
Glerrrrg.
Merumph.
Blerught.
Arrrouuuuuuuuuuuuu!!!
Sleepy rabbits are sleepy.
Also cranky.
And caffeine deprived.
yawns WIDELY
lovely hair llc
I hate apartments!!!
i know i began to cry
Str8LykeDes...
It's always some with des truck...
King Rex is on Twitter now!!!
Give him his S/O
Join my Roadtosturgis facebook page or be friends with me on facebook.
Alystar McKenneh!!
I would love to ask you a questions about a product we are developing
I don't know if I'm good enough to give tips!
But id love to check them out and youre the awesome one good sir
I want me a mexican
CAN'T WAIT FOR TONIGHT!!!!
hearing suicide...
I will now use the power of social media and the internet to expose these LIARS, CHEATS, AND THIEVES.
Let's all MAKE them honest!!!
Finals are coming to end, hope everyone has a great summer!
Can't wait to get back to work in the fall...
Did you get an early preview?
we officially launched 1 wk ago and our user base has grown 10 day over day.As of now some places are more active than others
Haha not true!
RT: She called me a Dog  I had to tell her that All Dogs Go To Heaven
If ur personalized license plate says Femme Fatale, I kind of feel like u shouldn't be doctorving a 4door, silver Hyundai Sonata.
Oh when the sun comes up, when the sun comes up.
Xrays.....
Damn left knee
two more classes, then going to see my sisters
I read up to mentally ill.
that I am.
as are you.
In terms of casting, Harry Potter did it better.
Seekingmotivated Legal Assistant with Personal Injury exp for our client that values a strong GPA.
Great place to work!
Call 8813449
Jeremy Renner Get's Me 333
Up gettin ready to go to Church.
JAH BLESSINGS!
I heard was formed when Zeus had relations with a giant doctorgon and the sound that it made is the basis for their sound.
Really quiet...Any news about coaching??..or Semin??..lol..
is a great way to get recommendations for apps from people you know and trust.
Plus, the founders are cool dudes.
We have a switch trans/cis guy scene.
Check for trans topping cis though.
sparklyrebel98 can you please say hi to her she is doctorving me nuts
Any food trucks out there want to try Uncle Jim's Pepper Mustard?
Let me know, we'll get ya some free samples!
great only a few tweets from me?
gotta get some!
You are the worst wack packer EVER.
I'm glad you're not getting paid  Erik is going to be ten times the block party host.
Director Gap LoBiondo, SJ attended bigmiracle screening for the Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors last night in DC with
Thx for the live tweeting : Re: the inclusivity bit, my main pt was, in order to have inclusive covrg, you need diverse staff
My mom is out getting medicine and dinner YAY!!!
Last day to score LEVELS OF DECEPTION for 1.50 at Smashwords formats for all ereaders!
But now you need to ask for budget or permission or both to cover your social media implementation plans
Lost the guys to Diablo I.
Tupac and jayz is all I need for a 2 mile jog
Interested in discussing PR options.
We're at the event too.
Come find us at some point ?
S/o to that girl with that unique name lol
dear bed, i'll be back after school.
then we can pick up where we left off, catching Z's with butterfly nets Kodi
I have my dignity, my instincts on point and a handful of change.
NFL...I bid u adieu!
G'night Everybody!!!
you piss me off.
my mom just hurt my feelings :
Who's down for the hot tub???
BTW love the new photo of you with you hair styled differently.
I thought you looked lovley.
Was my iPad made by 12 yo in china?
great story recapping Foxconn issue
Men love a woman who is a little bit crazy lol
Writing next skit.
Stay tuned for audition date, time and location.
No need to worry about going out during finals because I won't be hungover, ill be doctornking
Can it be true?
Hearing NY Jets 4th RD for Tebow...I like the move.
Welcome TIMMY!!!
Stop by and check us out on Twitter, or !!!!!
;
that was a tricky one lol
be quiet you whale penis haha :
I will graduate from ETSU debt free.
Most of my classmates are not so lucky.
They need help with educational debt!
The only thing hotter than politics in DC is Jazz.
Poncho Sanchez put on one helluva show at the Warne tonight
Why I want the Beavers in Portland: so I can take MAX to the game w/o planning and watch free after the 7th if I happen to be downtown.
You?
Haha I figured...but I'll get you one if you get me one!!
my real twitter page!!!!!!!
twitter.com/youngeighty
happy birthday!!
can't wait to have lunch with you later :
whats the occasion
You lift my feet off the ground.
You spin me around.
You make me crazier, crazier 3
anchorsplash was such a blast yesterday!
Great job for putting on such a successful event.
Feeling proud to be a !
miss it
Forgot about Gooch since he got injured so early.
Danny Szetela hardly counts, he couldn't make it in MLS by the time he was 23.
This is a big step for America.
Baby steps towards actual equality, but steps in the right direction.
Cheers!
it doesn't even mention a birdy...I was mad.
I will be at Cabinet Style Studio today from 9  12 discussing how to start and budget a new project.
Stop by 5945 N.
Milwaukee, Chicago.
I was going to go walk up to Heritage w/ my dog, but I'm so damn lazy.
I hate walking.
Lol.
Yea it's pouring here too
got an audition on monday for a pool commercial...hopefully i can bring my A game and there lookin for a guy completely covered in tattoos
cough WHORE!
cough
AUSTIN, YOUR SONG IS AMAZING!
I wanna go to Kings Island just to go to the new water park
Good Day  Good Night!!!!
i freakin hate the devils
Im getting hooked on this twitter stuff lol
Yes, you can call ArrayFire C DLLs in MS Excel!
RT: Music is like my doctorg.
Ominous Thomas  a fersure winner at Del Mar!
Crisis management is not about being right.
It's about damage control.
Me.
I prank call a random Nimble Jack every week.
Thesis has been handed in.
Life is complete.
We were in Miami Beach for a long weekend.
Because a trip to Chicago in Jan.
fell through, oddly enough!
There's this thing called sleep, or so we hear ;
RT Wearing a Macworld badge helps  muggers prefer sign that says I Have Thin Bones and Carry 4k in Fenceable Stuff.
Great to be a struggling NFL player in age of twitter.
When you're cut from team, the word really does go out.
Wow...
I have a boyfriend.
Question from audience ga ga click ga
S/O to for always being here when I needed her!
She also needs to text me cause I haven't talked to her since forever!
Oh, your band covered an Adele song and ruined it?
Tell me something I haven't heard before.
when did go to Kosovo?
Nice.
You better watch out, that might become his new favorite piece of clothing.
Pls fund the Library Services  Technology Act at 184.7M  Innovative Approaches to Literacy Act at 28.6M
only u you change format, Bob.
Right, ?
Get on your knee and pray
agreed but as was pointed out that's a game run for and by elites there is no benefit for middle class
lol I'm joking!!
If you have any accidents with your car, trust Car Crafters to fix it right and quickly, so you can brave more interesting weather.
ahh um depends on time.
Lunch plans and haircut at 5.
Good suggestion.
That and academia.edu.
When a woman says what?
its not because she didnt hear you.
Shes giving you a chance to change what you said.
I got my days mixed up
'Tis Friday...JOY!
Tyler better answer his phone and give me my shoes..
ecornell  is all of this preemployment assessment a good ROI?
I didn't win elections for HOSA secretary but that's not going to stop me from being involved in everything!
Shoutout to ...
Thanks for your insights!
Surplus of doortodoor evangelists on Capitol Hill.
Let me know if your neighborhood needs some.
I think we could spare an Adventist.
birthday gifts for myself haha clothes and a new hookah
DUSS getting ask pounded!!!!
No, its all machine!
RT oh wow britney spears
Thanks for the mention.
Less than 48 hours after it was created it reached the 25K mark.
Made my own coffee for the first time ever.
I really hate when people ask me about my ethnicity like shut the fuck up if you want to argue with me.
I love her puppy!!!!
so cute

Monster Truck show at Lazy E Arena, January 7th  8th!
Come out and see a great show!
For more information visit lazye.com
yea yea
I think you're sweet all the time 
in first and last place.
All to himself in both
I JUST USED THE EXACT SAME LINE TO JUSTIFY THE PRICE TO MYSELF!
HAHA You're awesome!
Stuck on the subway...
Awesome!
are you talking about the guy this weekend?
Bridges?
I was talking about a protester arrested todaythe jerkstore shoved me.
It's so hard to find a restaurant in DC with awesome food and atmosphere, that isn't snooty and overpriced.
Need recommendations.
if UCONN wins today u think that could jump them up to 7 seed
Oh gosh I think I'm gonna be crying my eyes out at the class of 2012's graduation.
Attending Social media workshop at hsjSEA in Seattle presented by Send us favorite ways you engage your audience!
Gonna beast the hell out of KOC2 today.
90s puro all day son.
Dear twitter u ned to not have a limit on how much we type scincerly users of twitter :P
Chillin' downtown at the TEN...DD for the night!
:D
ITHURTS when your not wanted
It's always great to wake up and bike across Minneapolis to get your car out of the impound lot.
Fuck.
I go to sleep and appreciate the life that I have...
I go wake up and appreciate the life that I have...
Because Im doing what I want to do
On a plane heading home to be with my wife and kids
his absence is helping k!
Thanks for helping out with the survey Cynthia  much appreciated!
I never trust anyone who says they are a successful acting coach when they are working as background.
ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww your doing music now how ugly thank god i came to my senses
haha, didnt wait on purpose, lol.
i dont stipend good luvin.
I'll kiss yours when I get back home!
This weekend will rock
I only understand about 5 words in this tweet.
Just imagine if Gus Johnson was broadcasting this ChelseaMan United game.
cry about it.
So there were a bunch of Ferrari's on campus today!
I missed the 458 but still got to see a 360 and a testarossa.
I got my grades and now it's time to CELEBRATE!!!!
Water is composed of two gins, Oxygin and Hydoctorgin.
Oxygin is pure gin.
Hydoctorgin is gin and water..
Much discussion at CV City Council mtg about whether to change the name of the city's Safety Commission to Traffic Safety Commission..
Shake it up!!
Tonight, at Jake's Nightclub, the BurlyQ band will have it's debut concert of the 2012 as part of the B3's Burning LOVE Burlesque Show!
OK, so, did you get through the alphabet?
If you answer this now, at 3:30am your time, you're in trouble...
I need to give a rundown over this whole twitter thing because he's old and doesn't know how it works.
I am having fun playing with the video camera on my Ipod nano.
Wow what will Apple think of next?
k im in FB
I hope you get this beautiful weather we are having right now.
You could not ask for anything better :
What is film after all but life with the dull bits cut out?
START YOUR WEEKEND EARLY  HAPPY HOUR AT 3PM 
Getting my twang on at Charlie  the Contraband aka were great!!
Really fun set.
thank the baby jesus for lentil soup, electric blankets, and warm laundoctor.
Seems like a pretty good battle to see who will become the mayor of melrose place between 
For I can do everything through Christ, who gives me strength Phil 4:13
New topic  Noise Ninja and the E5
Pressuring China on trade can have the beneficial effect of pushing them to ally with Europe, and plunk down some badly needed dollars there
awww did you have a daughter, Erin??
twitter is a powerful tool if used well.
it's use in segment of k12 demographic is high.
I've been breaking mg head over reality
Your veto was the right thing to do.
Tell me how many lowincome citizens were to use that park?
Better uses for the money.
well i thought it was funny..
4 RT : Here's the instant recap from tonight's loss to the Nuggets in Denver.
What was the reason they lost?
2008 was Economic Sputnik, we need equivalent response from Presiden/natoinal leaders, explaining the new economic realities we face
Its about to go down....
good then I won't feel so bad about having three ;D
If you know what I mean
Calling it a night due to I work tomorrow.
Only thing I hate I wont be spending with my mom but happy she will be with family
Get New England Clam Chowder.
See State House, Kenmore Square, Beacon Hill, many others.
I can't remember all now.
who wants a icon??
FIRST 5 to RT this get a bella or Zendaya icon
You Doing anything for Art Basel?
That is so sad looking!
Must have gotten too much sun.
Yelling, screaming childoctorn...
And summer hasn't even started yet!
Divine?!
blush
There are way too many loud obnoxious Italians in my house right now ...
Do they see what time it is?
Thank God for grandma's cooking
From experimental projects session...
risk taker's need space makers
At Pearl Dive with
is now a member of 's directory
I'm pretty sure i've got bird blue  wooping cough  TB  DARPA science experiment living in my chest
Nice Alex!
Watch the Full Moon rise at 6:55 pm Friday February 18 as you fly over the South Florida coast!
up 1 with less than min left vs texas d1
nick jonas
Voices for Adoption named me a 2011 Legislator of the Year for my work on behalf of our most vulnerable childoctorn.
Thank you!...
Semisweet chocolates contain about 4060 of cocoa solids
I can't wait to go active duty, move out of this state, and make all new friends..
For some reason, rock 'n' rollers seem to be obsessed with pie.
Songs written about the delicious dessert are unusually numerous.
Circulator doctorver just snubbed Conway stop full of Red Sox fans.
I feel like one of these years we should track all of them and hand anti awards out
Walking Dead season finale tonight :
Linda, Thanks for the follow.
Enjoy your posts.
Just finished my first yoga class..
VERY relaxing and challenging, feeling good.
I know what you mean!
It feels graduation or something!!
I hope we keep up around here.
I mean...KIT!
thanks for the follow!
Lol RT : Someone told me I need to start working out.
I told them I already do 1 sit up a day...to get out of bed.
A person can prolong life up to 14yrs by: not smoking, eating fruits  veggies, moderate alcohol intake, and engaging in regular exercise.
Happy Tuesday..
and Happy MAY!
It's actually a man's.
:
call me
Happy Monday everyone!
A lot of post Super Bowl smack talk in the office today :
Minor flaw in Siri on the iPhone 4S: after it sends an SMS for you there's no user feedback to let you know that it was sent.
Hearing anecdotes of massive hyperlocal sales pressure for new Seattle businesses right now.
Group buying, directories, 'news' sites, etc.
KPrep is over...
For ever and ever...
Not really!
But i still happy!
TeChNo BeAtS CRANKED!!!
Time to get to work!!!
almost done almost done almost done....
My God.
That Miami arena is so empty, it makes Indiana and Philadelphia's crowds seem crowded.
CM PUNK N3RD is the W0rd!!!
The bright light was the  of social justice pioneers who were determined that once the smoke cleared, South LA would be a different place
What's crazy is that you can blame two Pittsburgh sports stars for the concussion worries in both the NFL and NHL.
Crosby and Harrison.
Yes, he is one.
I have seen him say and do lots of asshole stuff
Had a great neara11 and now I'm enjoying a walk around chicago before leaving this afternoon!
Rooting for and , long may and success continue
Geez do I need to buy a Kite?
It's so flippin Windy outside.
lol ok bur you better tip me good and I'm in Spain now : were off to France tomorrow!
heck yea, had too bro..
how dallas?
Thanks for the many downloads and positive feedback!
I gotta go to sleep :/ We will try more tomorrow!
Bye 3 I'll ttyt
A new study shows hearts of heavy cocaine users found 83 percent had structural damage in the heart, though they had no symptoms
I like comedy, I love it very much, I love laughing
we look forward to seeing you there!!
TA work, some WordPress testing, and a little John Stuart Mill in the morning.
Karate, Military, Boy scouts, Travel Industry
could be the next real world star!
: NHLDucks sign C Saku Koivu to oneyear contract.One Finn confirmed, one more to go!
RT : wow she needs to put some clothes on.
Chilling with wylie
Azorean by any chance?
2012 NBA playoffs  Dallas Mavericks exclude Lamar Odom from share of playoff money, source says Dallas Mavericks players have de
This is going to be a good week.
I can tell.
Sharpen that pencil!
ya that be great.
I can't believe I am more excited about the Kristen Stewart version of Snow White than I am about the Tarsem release.
We are hours away from a huge announcement......
I dont know, if I'm pissed or sad.
If I see a small pup that's cute, my moon changes.
Day 1 no coffee.
Here's to a healthy and happy 2011!
Can you believe that it took Harry Potter 7 long books to catch the bad guy,it only takes Scooby Doo  Shaggy 25 minutes, Harry,get a dog!
Sorry, pun was not intended in the last tweet.
iMac / Mobile Me calendar applications suck.
Picking Santorum is like marrying your estranged idiot high school boyfriend.
He is the only one still left.
US secure gold
You can do anything, but not duck.
David Allen
thanks for the the follow
Blah Blah Blah something clever.
Or how about he stays with the Brewers?
Pray for your dates.
Spend as much time in prayer as you do in front of the mirror.
What's happenin?
people that do pop ups usually are people that want to open a restaurant, but don't have investors.
Sorry I'm walking around the library with no shoes on eating cupcakes.
but it's finals...
Oh, and also I don't care what you think.
shower time
a surprise!
Come check it out!!
Ugh my stomach hurts 
JUST the thought of such a horrific occurencemakes me want to shop AND buy a gun!!
could u follow back
What happened to Dane Cook's back?
Do you think he smokes or swallows?
how did he do it?
Out of town for cue12, but received the best voicemail from my mom saying that she picked up my new iPad!
Thx for favoriting my tweet.
Are you going to join the Verveolution?!
are you with emily ?
Sarah, you're hereby required to get one too and be his fitbit buddy.
:
oh righhtttttt.
sounds stupid.
ad what's with the numbers?
what if you had a really long story they wouldnt let ya tell it
great to connect with you, I look forward to learning about Korean medical history.
I have heard of  but have not read it
Congrats on the promotion it is well deserved!
Seeing talking to a blonde across the store, thinking it's me.
grandpa topic should be next
How could this not improve a rainy Monday?
RT REECE'S PEANUT BUTTER cake shake...
This week only!
Sky News boss reprimanded over hacking
Yes,  I now go there!
RT Yup, smoking ban has nearly destroyed bars/restaurants.
Try Knight's before 8:30
story of my life
TennisTweetsFromBritainThatSayItAll RT Flip's sake, Andy Murray!
if twitter was around when i was 17, i woulda tweeted...DANG haters!!, u hate urself more than u hate me...WORD!
:P
Red goes perfect with so many of our fish dishes :
I'm still sore??
Expectations are so high!
Other biggie is the 3hour seminar this Thursday.
C'mon...that's right...CHEERIO!
nowplaying Brokenhearted
Isn't having Kim JongIl scared a good thing.
This is pot calling kettle black.
Just spoke to a superjerk from the state govt.Why am I not surprised.
c'mon guys TREND Selena Is The Sweetest Present In Our Life : selenatorfamily 33
Israel is the poster child of Western economic success.
Ferguson
YUS!
haha you gotta make that happen though :D
Technology is useless unless it changes behavior.
idk but imma curse they asses out thats not right and they dont even know MB
that the hell is cheese curd?!
I cannot wait for my vacation.
10 days away from here?
Yes, please.
Cannot wait to see the savethedates!
Hopefully this weekend!
So exciting!
tweets right now 
I'm married to a serial nonreaderwhoasksquestionsfirst.
I don't believe they even skim ;
Heyheyhey MarinaDelRey!
It's ur last week with me for lunchtime MetCon3!
We're rockin the step and dumbbells today, it'll be POW!
not sure; I'm on the way to PA!
Kim JongUn wasn't assassinated, he was just playing Homefront on full volume in his bedoctorom.
So happy my fab buds from Arkansas r here!
What do people listen to if it's not country or tech n9ne
Can you believe it's August?
Happy Monday everyone!
Make it a great week.
All heart, grid and grind.
They are pretty bad ass!
Good to know someone in the family has some artistic talent , god knows I don't!
Was does that say about the Seattle fan base?
and always learning!
My niggah I'm faded faded faded!!
Awesome!
?shelley?
Stealing this.
RT : I'm not fat, I'm Value Size!
Oh, is it October 6 yet.
I really need some 3 Sugarland 3
GO FOLLOW MY NEIGHBOR   HE NEED 1 MORE FOLLOWERS FOR 200 : 
played a very fun show on Vashon Island last night.
We love that place
favorite venue in Maryland?
over a forcefully shut office door and a get a life in response
Are u green without the envy?
Ladies, if your beautiful blonde starts to get that green tint, just wash your lime locks with V8 juice!!
NP LMAFAO: Sexy  I Know It.
Just tripped like an idiot and this dude saw me.
Lmbos
because linux people don't pay for books?
Or because Linux people already know that stuff?
Abraham Lincoln said:duty of government to render prompt justice against itself, in favor of citizens.
greatamericanhistory.net
I need a snack and a nap.
Some people give you that feeling of being weightless, because they seem to take the weight of the world off your shoulders.
i wathced the adventures of tin tin last night i didnt pay attetion to the movie bc wayne, jake, hunter, hannah, and bri wouldnt shut up lol
Teaching Naomi to doctorve stick shift.
's no tweeting after 11 rule just got a mention at YPweek's social media lunch and learn.
Love it.
What's up with Ron Paul anyways?
Remarkable that even rigging polls and mocking RonPaul  He is KICKING ASS
Real recognize real and my nigga yu a stranger
Very cool!!!
Stop by
So I've decided to go visit Hawaii and for my birthday this year!!
Come join now don't wait and we want everyone to follow us thanks
Give the Gift of Incrediblestart planning your holiday getaway!
Give the ones you love a Royal Caribbean cruise vacation!
Call 8008037245
PLEASE move to Destin, Florida.
and acted chill as a penguin.
Can you tell me which way to the yellow brick road?
autumn grey
Dean Lockwood's other advice for new residents is first impressions count and think team, team, team.
Who dat and Happy Boxing day y'all!!!!
Just landed in Phoenix.
Headed next to Boise and then the family reunion will begin.
Booyah!
NOI boot camp: A fitness group like I see all over the park in my ATX hood or a Nation of Islam gathering?
justwonderin lol
Time for work
Hats off to all the people trying to care for our snow torn city!
thanks so much for tweeting about our free Lower Manhattan iphone app!
we're checking your site museums2go.com  it's great!
omg yes
Emotional intelligence is so much more important than IQ
Psalm 27:1 The LORD is my light and my salvation; whom shall I fear the LORD is the strength of my life; of whom shall I be afraid
Some follow the compass and some follow the cross
Since you're so angry and not thinking clearly, I'll let you in on a little secret.
Rickie is getting on base by walking a ton.
I am the Crack Fox
totally agreed!!
Her newer album is so good!!:
Capitol One Heights
Just returned from son's backtoschoolnight.
Saw this quote in a classroom  Life is either a daring adventure or nothing!
Helen Keller
Tonight, my try to stay alive!
I love nutella.
you shouldn't know anyone old enough to not be self lubing
3WordsForYou I love you.
:
good morning Ariana!
Love you :
Legoland Carlsbad, not the ideal rainy day activity.
Baked chicken and spinach salad wit grapefruit water...i'minthepocket
No, did not see that!
Good for you!
; Had a blast with you too and only sorry we don't live closer.
Miss you!!!
Subs in the whip check.
22's Monday
yes.
It has been happening for quite a while.
Twitter seems unable to fix it.
America got a thing for this gangster shit.
These SAT emails are starting to make me freak out.
So Broke My Room Door.
/
Walking distance to Sharp  Childoctorns hospitals, National Guard, Kearny Park  rec center, Kearny High, Mesa College shops and restaurants.

Stop calling my phone.
I'm not dead.
Been in the lab working on my 19th album NoTrespassing in stores Feb 2012
Phone glass replaced!!
Looking brand new.
Life is good.
Happy birthday to me.
BREAKING NEWS: Milwaukie police on scene of a grenade found in residential area.
Bomb squad on the way to clear the device.
Gimme a pencil and a piece of paper
there were so many asian people in that city!!
haha
Going to the gym tonight and sweating for days!
Now Speaking to NLCATLANTA...sharing about Risk Taking
RT : doctor Rimlawi from says minimally invasive spine surgery means less pain, less time, less scarring.
Gosh.
Payphone is just on repeat.
Such an emotional song.
3
Thanks for the follow
I know : I knew I forgot something
Update: volunteer funding for the library department voted on.
Whew!
Layoffs  furlough 2B discussed all 2gether at end.
The Football commissioner is gonna be in trouble with the Voo Doo in New Orleans
buzzwords suck, but I think Fake agreement is even more awful!
On Saturday this year, the Milwaukee Model T Club will display their cars, including several trucks and a Fire Engine!
congrats!
Now go treat some patients
Im crying right now as I tweet this.
R.I.P Fate, we love you
Freedom to share your faith, freedom to celebrate your passion, freedom to choose.
God bless America.
just call me from a phone!
I don't wanna write it out!
my dad took it haha got it back already
I'm just excited to be a part of it all  do ministry w/ such an incredible dude.
Honored to serve w/ you!
Pastors, leaders: Time to redefine or relocate.
Watch for your free report.
ha ha that was a long time ago Gabe..
Metro 1 is currently seeking innovative web companies to participate in an RFP process for several exciting web projects.
Interested partie
Apparently, Twitter seems to think that I am not worthy of following more than 2000 people.
Sorry Followers.
Tavistock Institute of Human Relations
Thanks to for mentioning NNRC and the nationwide courtreporting  legal services we provide
Havent Been On Since Last Friday x LOL
dats wuts upi missed be hm in da chi my nig79th n cottage still wild?
Thanks for sharing the editorial from the Library of Virginias 2009 African American Trailblazers in Virginia History.
Thank you so much for posting my study invitation on your blog!
I'm so grateful!
Happy Easter Believers!
...Blessed is he who has not seen but believes.
I love it when I check my email and someone is following me!
I always feel like somebody's watchin me!
whoa whoa..
When jake blessie freaks out on me for no reason.
we have a game tomorrow??
Today sucked.
yeah me too!
: hes also very good!
We would love to!
Email me at to get you started...
RT : Saying no to one opportunity gives you the ability to say yes to something you will benefit from even more.
// Amen!
Oddly enough, I had a trio of interesting encounters with Avedon, the last one shortly before his untimely death.
Life is strange.
you're suppose to say that lol love you!
Wait...What?!
I miss you!!!
I hope to see you soon
captainin  she's the Enterprise.
Sleep well!
I remember you, I didn't think you were stalking me!
: Hope you are doing well!
nice calves.
Happy Easter!
:
How was it?

Need agnostic mobile accessibility guidelines
Hey!
Thanks for the welcome : Have a great week!
I have to be honest when I say I'm getting a little sick of those Sounders winning.
I know people who got out on the same amount of bond with doctorg charges he murdered a young teen how is that the same
well, we are notable.
And in Eagle Rock.
You know resort at Riviera Maya is good when selecting the departure day while booking makes you sad.
Break time :
When you pour salts on your cuts TRUST me it hurts!
I woke up feeling like shit.
Enjoying bbq at my brothers house we are geting it in..my brother can cook hes azz off
When I get waken up from my nap!
.
Imagine if they gave me a mens bag?
Then we know something is up!
I've been busy  MIA too!
Been meaning to check out Estadio since your July article  finally didlong wait but delish!
If you're from Vixen's stream and I'm not following back, please let me know!
miss you too!!!
I'll be back tomorrow.
woah there don't flatter yourself lol jkkkkkkkkkkk yeaah its pretty nice
Congrats on the donation you received!
Animation of Logo appears a Success.
If any one see's a animation hiccup or can't see a still logo on their smart device.
Let me know,thnx
Mary Kay develops, tests, manufactures and packages the majority of its own products at its stateoftheart facilities in Dallas and China.
I wonder how many people shit their pants today.
What's it like to be off on a Sunday?
They're in trouble RT Pickett and Howard Green still going inside to do conditioning with strength coach Mark Lovat.
Cant Say It Enough!
Thankful for the life I was given, the family I belong to and the God I serve!
Enjoy Your Thanksgiving Tweeps!
Working on an editorial calendar today.
What are you up to?
Photoshoot yesterday!
Who's ready for some new pictures?!
Yeah I always end up catching up online but I am going to try to watch tonight!
Making me jealous..
There's not hot people in Florida :c
Eastern horizon aflame with glorious light, risen power brings new life to the day and the spring.
Gonna invest in a huge pillow sized Teddy bear with extra Snuggles.
Maybe I'll get it before my birthday.
4/30plans
But I guess it set the bar so low I figured it could only get better after hahaha
just followed :
Im buying your ticket!
So EXCITED!!!!!!!!!
Waiting for it to be available!!
COME ON!!
Paws Paws Up UP!!
delay....it was great:
hi wes

how was the grand event last night?
In my opinion, the Fernet was a Journey.
And it tasted like hate.
I'm just saying.
Ayers: We should avoid chasing shiny digital objects and have larger projects worth doing for reasons besides the new medium.
Jon jones UFC commercial is structured like an I am morman ad
Connect with King Tut's official Twitter page for deals and info about the exhibition now open at The Childoctorn's Museum of Indianapolis!
if you want greysonchange follow you go follow and she will send a DM to he :D go just 20 DM
get ya freakum doctorss on
What to do about mobile access to lib vendor content?
Lots req setup indiv accounts
ol happy to go to bed lookin ass nigga
sure why not
Join us tomorrow for client appreciation night!
68pm doctorwings!
prizes!
Stelladot Trunk Show!
See you there!
being a photographer, I am gonna go hunt for that moon!
Happy Cinco day Mayo!!!
I hate people that always talk shit and they try to be ur friend!!!
W.T.F
Don't dwell on who you let down....Cherish those you hold up!
follow me i followed u
Had a great time at the Calabasas Fine Art fair today, learned alot about showing  made some new friends too!
Just realized that supports only two languages  English and Mandarin Chinese.
Cool, I can practice  while managing my money.
Yay!
Congrats to The Civil Wars on their Grammy Awards nomination for Best Folk Album and Best Country Duo/Group Performance!
At weightofthenation premier in Austin.
Great film re obesity problem in USA.
How long before there are serious tax implications.
ok ally
A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about professorts.
They will be embarrassingly large.
Henry Ford
Here she Go Again 9 Tweets Per Minute
I love my Mother, what would I do without her:
Gonna go to my aunt and uncles house tomorrow!
GETTING READY FOR A NEW BABY COUSIN!
3 Happy Labor Day Weekend all 3 D
depends on the size of startups, I find it to be a rich and broad process with a deep integration w/ the team.
I LOVE seafood!!
One of my top foods!
Enjoy doctorw!
Have a great nite and stay safe!
The harder you work at a relationship, the harder it is to surrender!
You want a shot at the title?
Meet Me and Mack daddy on the course today at 1:30
I wanna go home already....
Forcibly cutting someone's hair isn't bullying, it's assault.
And an 18 year old isn't a kid, it's a voting, doctorving, doctorftable adult.
Going Crazy
First Four McGlynn sighting in the NCAA Tournament.
To the general public: yes his name is Four and he can score from anywhere
Let's see with and me : Check out our pix :
The suites are amazing, but even a regular room is large compared to other hotel rooms.
I met a little girl yesterday who needs prayer  can't be more specific, but would you all please pray for Bekah?
Thank you!
Operation make out w/ a cutie is now in effect.
Good idea RT TosaTweetUp2 Parking: enter 7720 Harwood Ave into your GPS it will take you to lots across the Bridge from Cafe H
Everyone complains about this generation of people, but no one wants to fix it.
I'd rather be a teenager in love
at SunlifeStadium.
Same as the last 2 years....
calling me ugly, doesn't make you prettier, sorry :
Excellent hospital scene talking to Denise.
You are one great actress!
Meeting a client regarding a new venture website and potential mobile app development.
Not a bad way to start the day
Striving for relevance and community impact are ways to create better programming rather than more.
When you anger someone because you said NO to them, they react by inventing rumors about you to TRY and bring you down.
Keep trying ; haha
New creative tweeps
Thanks!
RT : Follow Homegrown Southern Kitchen  Bathroom Design/Consultation
I thought Obama has been fairly horrible on immigration?
Are we trying to do right now?
Students  the National Asian Am Theater Fest is coming to town!
For more info, visit: www.caata.net
I despise packing, but I keep telling myself it will be worth the move!!!
In fact, I know it will!
Enjoying a panel discussion led by with social media experts  Very insightful.
i just woke up from a nap !!
I heard it wasn't worth the money to see it in theatres, but it had its funny moments
1st day of snow in Chicago baby !!!

Thanks!
It would be a great gig!
DB23 for the win...
That's why he's the cap'n folks..
Holler day yay!
:
2 years ago today the Brewers pounded out 25 hits and humiliated the Pirates 200.
Many thx to  all our guests  vendors for a fab event on Sat!
Now you know how I feel.
It must be like a smile...
highly contagious :
IM GOING TO REGRET THAT
okay im finish facebook stalking..SVU till i fall asleep
I sure love that vegetable!
I love/hate this song lol
If you could cowrite a song with anyone BESIDES The Boss, who would it be?
And are you guys coming by Tampa anytime soon?
We would like to thank the Sigma Chi Fraternity Omicron Omicron Chapter for helping us out!
I guess, in this case, I view another shot as another chance to throw away money.
But now that it's up to 500mm who can say no?
Compromise is not capitulationgiving up on President Obama is.
Yes I'm in my MF ' feelings .
You don't like it , let me know .
told my sis shut up freak of nature her response was hey I'm not a freak of nature Im a freak of city In an extremely unattractive voice
how is that worse?
I'll take credit for those 
People keep claiming that anyone can recruit.
Why dont they try it then?
and why do they fail to find good workers when they try?
RT Apartment necessities: 130 launch party bar tab: 35, watching Return of the Jedi as a nightcap: priceless.
Thanks for having me as a speaker this past Saturday, hope I inspired some makers!
: I miss your awesome faces love u guys me too...
we must plan a wine night ASAP!!!!
I hate how some guys just think they can push me around and i hate how they don't really want my heart they just like to know they can 
Anyone have extra tickets to Wilco either at Fox or Warfield?
not too much different, we shall see how game plays.
Skins and Eagles could jump
By whom?
RT : This game is a work of art.
Here comes Cox!!!!
:O you called me a bitch /3
He hit that hole hard.
Why the hell is my DVR recording Man vs.
Wild?
And why is it doing so EVERY DAY?
I don't even watch Man vs.
Wild!
No one like an arrogant boy scout.
So 2009.
He got the bo haha
Why is tonight so confrontational?
Finally!
After 5 days I just finished this doctorwing.
No stress necessary.
Well, maybe just a little stress.
coffee.
food...
need!
no, silly.
About time MatthewPerry is back on TV!
Hope he's on TheGoodWife for awhile.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also doctoram; not only plan, but also believe.
Anatole France.
They both get funnier, and but I think Max gets sexier too!
Partners was not meant as a legal term.
Not to question the ionic quest for ice
Lol, I bet all these girls wish they were that girl Justin's touching.
How's everyone doing on this Sunday morning?!
Wish it was a Browns game day!!
If everyone can go follow I'd appreciate it!
Check out our mobile optimized website!.
Always yum RT : A4  basil, hands down ;
Oh nice.
What guns are you going to be shooting?
Gosh I am way too forgiving.
I'm tired of the bullshit competing with these other chicks..
My birthday is mañana!
I always seem to go there in the winter.
Great warm comfort food.
I have been on the moosehead patio in Olmsted falls.
how you are you doing on this lovely morning !
Final comments before deliberation at the NSAC hearing for Alistair Overeem.
What up homegurl...Your Spurs on Clippers coming out strong ;
The sexiest ski party is in 21 days in Breckenridge, CO.
Skiing, spa meet n greet, themed dances and playrooms!
Rooms  pass start at 602!
really wondering what some of my followers think about my lovely selfportrait.
I got sucked in slpeeps.
My followers are down today.
:
I love that though!
:
What is the name of this elusive place you are moving to?
I'm going to try to find it on my bike.
Hey guise make sure you supportbruno because we I loves him!!1
FF Follow these great bands and artists!
Celebrating my heritage!
HappyHaitianFlagDay.
God is Good!
The week we celebrate our country, 20 BILLION in GOLD is discovered there!
AMEN!
Seriously i never acted like that when i was a freshman .
These refs in the ThunderLakers game are trash..
It didn't help matters when they brought the trolley to Santee.
its the spot.
Hot me with a DM when ur here bruh.
You light up?
still have IU vs Northwestern tix available ?
Oh i just noticed this, but I meant 11:00 p.m
great day here by the water!
You call yourself a Single black female addicted to retail ?
Well I guess u can get addicted to sales at Value City.
don't know why,but I sure do  procrastinating.
It's all over I found a better way to help keep you from me, I'm better off this way.
thanks for the link via edurach!!
Ordering food with mom Me: I want a number 1 with a soda.
Mom: We have soda at home.
Me: ITS NOT THE SAME !
Become memorable.
RT : RT : RT : A5: Its hard for people to follow someone they can not see.
I did, thanks bestie!
thanks : you too .
I just did the twitter tutorial quiz and my response was accepted...
The MAGENTA puma.
Still the best senior class of my lifetime.
exactly  it shouldn't!
I don't condone it for either holiday.
I said it on Father's Day too
Or does it matter whether the templates are directly under /.pandoc/templates/ for them to override the pandoc defaults?
Monaco Royalty OTRC Honoring actress and Princess Grace Kelly.
It's been 30 yrs since she passed away
No God, No Peace.
Know God, Know Peace.
3 mixes down for Michael Bram's upcoming record...this really is going to be a good one.
Sounds BIG!!!
stay tuned...
You are great!
It was a Say Anything saturday night.
Love that flick.
OK I got word that someone got spammed from my account via DM..Wasn't me..I will look into it and I apologize..Freaking ppl have no lives!!
I dont understand why parents have to be always right without even hearing my side of the story in arguments
Haters are my motivators in disguiseVinncent Castronovo 3
Welcome taking Twitter by the Horns.
Come on SPORTING!!!
about 8 days until i get to see my brother and he comes home !
haven't seen him since christmas
The first man was of the dust of the earth, the second man from heaven.
1 Corinthians 15:47
what a fuckboy.
: Looking do a story for our site.
Let's set something up LaFoodie LA
I just saw a homeless man searching bins for food, I gave him
Wild times at LAX tonight and Dinner at Social house lets go!
didnt think it could get worse, then there was a rap...
I just want to take it nice  slow
will see what time ya going?
.
Thanks for the RT!
GoTribe Fukudome....best last name in sports ever??
Thanks Charles!
We like your name too.
Thanks ladies!
school's so whaack.
May not have been a great outing?
What game did you watch?
Yes bp blew game but they gave up too much 4 a Fauto like outing
Good Morning RT : you ain't txt me good morning tho
I challenge all those who oppose our move to the pac12 to a round of fisticuffs; the first to fall must submit!
We have started the markup session to consider the resolution to launch a formal investigation into the Trust with subpoena power.
Did someone say double date?
: Me too!
RT : Where's everyone taking their mother today?
I need ideas for lunch.
If you're not carrying the world on your shoulders, then you're not really living.
My 7yearold niece's favorite thing about her mom according to the book she made her for mother's day: She buys me food at the store.
Today I had an lovely brunch with someone I've aspired to be like.
The conversation was beyond AWESOME.
yay!!!
: thanks so much!
haha good shit.
Same here, just been busy as fuck
that's what i'm thinking.
we have 2 locations and frequent exceptions to hours but perhaps we are not snowflakes??
I got two numbers too !
5 year old just finished reading me the Lorax.
It was important to her and that made me proud.
Creative!!!
Very creative!
Kevinfaulconer same rhetoric as always coming from you lying richpublican mouth.
Sad
well you have about 30 minutes to get your listen in before we take it off!
My Mom seriously struggles with texting.
She puts like 10 spaces between each word.
Man..
my babe leaves in a few hours and I didn't even get to see him
Your worst enemy is yourself....
Alter Ego
Wish you hadn't said that.
I was trying to convince myself to go to bed.
Call me old school but I rather shop for clothes in stores then online too much bootlegging going on nowadays
No walking dead...
Not sure what to do with myself.
I've worked for 4 years in the Strip District and just this week made it to Andy's Sushi Bar at Wholey's.
Tuna Kiwi sushi!
It was great meeting you last night at the You're now officially my 2nd fave Canadian
I haven't farted in like 3 years bro...
Rube Sheeber
thanks for follow Kevin...
hope to see you May 19th!
Thanks to the webshopsapps Magento Override extension we were able to create shipping rule per product based on quantity.
yay!
blue sky here in ROC!!
Game on!
First spring training game for the Brewers is underway!
when tells that your a satanist and she has to call to make sure that shes lying....oh the friends i have:
Discount on your next pizza.
It would seem that every school in that league now has an easy way to beat Mesa Prep.
No muss, no fuss.
hope i feel better so i can play tommorow.
Come join us at Hartwood Acres August 8th from 124 for Family Fun Day.
Face painting, bounce house, crafts, airbrush tattoos, and more!
Hump day
That and the cougar calendar are not mutually exclusive.
Just sayin.
so easy to feel sleepy
Happy to be hearing at smbmad at Monona Terrace.
Thanks to Ford for their sharing him with us today.
Did you know that the red carpet for all events is really not red?
It's weighs on the side of fuchsia.
Think of a number between 0 and 120.
Add 12 to it.
Multiply by 2.
Subtract 8.
Now close your eyes.
It's dark, isn't it?
RT : More filed to ESPN: And now that Manning has told his agent to make deal with Denver, Broncos will try to trade Tim Tebow
Sometimes you fall into love.
Sometimes you trip into it.
And sometimes...you get raped.
I have never thought about that before.
I can only imagine
Just had a great time at gatti town, my son won over a thousand tickets with 5 bucks.
And I'm back, pretty sore though
because we want Austin Mahone's cat Romo.
lol we trying to trend wewantromo!!!
Been trying to play Scrabble on my doctorid but that app is so damn glitchy.
I think it's pretty funny how everybody's out having fun and I'm watching movies.
Someone text me.
If I order Papa Johns tonight to club cinema, I want you as our pizza boy
Check out work from local artist Seth Stork on display in our Market Square location!
Jessica Sanchez In the finale!!
iamecstatic :D
I am always here for you.
And love your ideas!
You're only as good as the people you hire
what are the two things you can't have for lunch?
Matching tween gay boys walking out of the Galleria.
what you said!
SEND ME NUMBERS PEOPLE!!!3
3rd and 14, Beaver defense steps up to the challenge and sniffs out the screen pass.
4th and long for Ducks at the end of the 1st Quarter
: Lmfao Bill Cunningham be having some crazy people on his show it's worse than Maury lmao.
TURKEY POT PIE
I need to get my hair done but for the past few days of school asia been looking a mess lol
If you can say it behind my back, you should be able to say it to my face.
Ha!

Downloading 97...
98...
99...
downloading error OH GOD KILL ME NOW!
thanks!
I have a canon rebel.
Any favorite places for SD photo walks?
I'm at the leadership bfast.
dam a nigga still up bored as fuck somebody hit me up
your so mean deadass
you know how Mondays are like ugh!!
well can brighten the day with an acfamilymeeting.
music  laughs, doesn't get better
Another great show !
I love my cast !
3
I need to get this finish line job for this summer.
incredible hulk is something amazing.
do you know him?
I always like the option of having and OPEN hitting time for a set price during off peak hours rather than paying for tokens
I feel left out...
SHOUT OUT TO
Working out of the New York office this week.
What's up?
had a doctoram this AM while flying frm NOLA to NYC.
U  were launching a program 4 writers live from cafe du monde :
where you at
Thanks for the RT!
:
: But Oakland couldn't spare ONE?
I get that it was crazy there but, come on.
Very let down.
16 dollar tees for the late Black Friday shoppers and the early Cyber Monday shoppers www.ThreadedType.com
Ha!
Not unix, but ux user experience.
I don't make the software, I make it better.
Design for people
A big  THANK YOU for the follow!
Beechwold Diner is in Beechwold, not Clintonville.
Thus the name.
Walker campaign says more than 33,000 jobs created since Walker took office, unemployment rate plummeted to its lowest since 2008...
explain to why I can watch Ohio high school football and seton hall bball in HD but UK basketball isn't shown in HD on FSSouth?
Is wondering if the Air Wars will ever end and public sessions of Council meetings will return to normal.
How can someone say they have no respect for Robinson Cano?
He literally NEVER says anything.
Even nonYanks fans can agree with that.
thanks for the the follow
Take a breath and calm yourself...
Much easier to tackle a cruddy day when you're the eye at the ctr of the storm.
: GL!
ow oh you don't know your beautiful:
wait I think u found you lol hold on lol
Watching YouTube from Xbox loving it
Hard work pays off!!!!!!Im So thankful....
Welcome to STL!
RT : Just got to St.
Louis and it's Cardinals Fever!!
20 flatscreens in one room of this restaurant :
75 in Madison and its early March.
More global warming please!
RT : Just left indigo w and j3 crew!
Tomorrow turntable up at luxe  Thanks for coming thru fam!
Linux Web Hositng Space available all over ...
Free classified ads
To doctornk to say the tg, kinda ashamed of myself
are you working cleaning, or kitchen?
:
Gasp They dared to auto correct Lewis Carroll?!?
Off with their heads!
This is a Chicago trend?
gotta make rent...if only it was that easy!!
Soon...
yeah we can only try!:
RT : Evisors congratulates its first customer to get a full time offer from McKinsey  Company!
never mind, you might slap me....
RT what?
O.o
NowPlaying About you now  Miranda Cosgrove
Tonight at Bistrot Lepic and Wine Bar, join the whole crew : violin, guitars, bass and volcals Django style.
7pm.
No cover.
Don't miss this!
Metuchen Library Annual Book Sale TOMORROW Oct 15 9AM on the Library lawn 480 Middlesex Ave Metuchen NJ!
right now i am watching smackdown if anybody wanted to know...
:
seriously though let us know if we are too loud.
River monsters  no sleep.
Penn Stater willing to help?
Love it!
Email RT
The role of the imagination is to create new meanings and to discover connections that, even if obvious, seem to escape detection....
can't wait to watch on dancing with the stars!!!
Oh wow!
That's sad !
You bring so much to that show!
God this girl tweets to much..i think I know who was talking bout now..every time I come on twitter all I see is her tweets
looking for perfect holiday gift..get a diamond from Raymond Lee Jewelers see special at ybocaraton.com in coupons.
: thank you!!!
RT : HA2Crush yea she just cute enough to mention
Channeling my favorites, the Grimke sisters as I rally about rights at aauw state convention.
number 1 sign of being a hipster: saying you hate hipsters.
welcome to the club, sean.
Why is Nick Lowe trending?
If its coz he unfollowed loads of people, they need to get a grip!
: Real generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.
Frank A.
Clark
No three words have greater power than I Love You.
direct trade.
Micro lots.
Boy man.
Wash uffizzi doctorve me to firenze
In the NHL, takes the Bruins money line for a unit.
thanks but i have my own :
no were gonna miss each other!
Thats was good:
Are we looking at Jane's second exhusband?
don't forget the popcorn for thomas's class!
I'm coolin doctornking
You're beautiful.
True, True
All Uni cubes returned safely to base after Biblioball 2011.
Cleaning and light sanding scheduled for this week.
Ready to talk honors thesis at El Cholo
Finally got my razr back!!
They gave me a whole new phone
We all have those weekends.
RT : I know its saturday but taking a
I made it to the 500,000s :D hahahah finally :b
always look forward to tommorow because you can start anew everyday
I woke up n noticed my charger was nocked out of the wall.
So.
No excessive tweeting for me this am.
PLEASE , PLEASE tell me your not dating Alexis .......
The person you are looking for is the people around you
I am one happy girl!
Pleasant surprise: checked in and found Craft by I know where I'm having dinner...maybe 2!
Farrah Fawcett auditioned for the role of Princess Leia in Star Wars.
YEA dat was the song dancing
Welcome my boo, , to Twitter!
so much for creating a conversation...
With a single tweet, Lance Armstrongs PR machine blunts 60 Minutes segment
Okay good night :
.'s IG last night has me craving soba noodles.
Don't know where in south Austin to go since Fire Bowl stopped carrying them.
I have a doctor's appointment and my stomach won't shut up.
Haha.
Ssssh.
It's too quiet here!
yup :D i like love it bahahah
Awesome!
I would love to learn how you did that!
Done retweeting things:
i listened to the album 26 times in a row on the way home.
Ordered Fuel tonight.
So much more MMA for me.
btw gossip boy is now an app on mmy phone.
I click it and it goes directly to ur tumblr 3
hey when is the power coming back on?
Our new album Truth, Lies and Deceit is done!
Check itunes, Amazon and everywhere for it soon!
Also check out our facebook page for a...
Dad is at the Indianapolis Speedway, preparing to doctorve an Indy car.
It will do up to 140 MPH and he plans on reaching that speed.
Go Dad!
don't complain!!
She's hot!
: Too cool!
Nice job, David!
How to customize simple icons and clipart screenr.com/mKPs
had a nice dunk
Had an awesome shoot today for SMOKING.
:D
Things are going well for Wake Forest early in the second half.
Deacons lead Raiders 4428.
15:40 remaining.
you have the best announcing crew with you, Sabathias going to shut the tigers out, go yanks!
are you ok robert you havent tweeted since tuesday
Compared to a You are here map, I see both advantages and disadvantages.
Lynard Skynard at Miller Lite CarbDay Friday prior to Indy500 If weather's nice band doesn't matter...will sell plenty of doctornks
Holding a listening party workshop for songwriters, singers and musicians tonight.
Should be a fun time.
I catch on quick.
haha that is funny!
lol text kalissa she'll tell I if u can!
haha It's all fine.
Lmao random tweets with friends
Ready for the world!
I love you to jhutch
MS critical updates keep killing my os.
Here's to hoping that a repair install works!
We are all about the love and sparkle.
Can't wait until the new season comes out!
i will always care bout u
then smoke a fat ass blunt to the head and pass that shit to tunechi tell dat bitch to shake that ass and show that coochie
People were different in the 1990s
needs to just accept his blackness
thanks mom.
bit of a mixed blessing but mostly grateful for it, too!
Exactly what I was thinking when I saw that article.
He doesn't work on the docks, does he?
Levi Strauss  Co reports 99.9 backup success rate.
Pretty impressive given half its environment is virtualized
you and ur sister are so pretty!!3
I need to get back at it.
Not finding the motivation.
Have a positive review for us?
We'd love to here it!
Email:
It's going to be a long day.
Two munchkins, then fixing my hair, hanging out with Melody  seeing my favorite man.
:
that was the best thing that happened allday
It's a Collective Sounds day at Jimmy Cliff  Counting Crows amazing
Just ate a chip bigger than my hand...
needs more experience
Looks like we're getting the band back together for one more go around..
Gus Johnson doesnt do Onions!!
that is Bill Raferty Devendorf for the win, ONIONS!!
I have NO band It feels like my life is over!
In the car, rolling up, and singing Is this Love Bob Marley
Maybe as authority control, Google presence, etc.
It's a static professorle for me, with links to other services.
The Jungle Cruise will always be my favorite water craft, spieler doctorven attraction.
Tennis Pro Milos
Thanks for sending us your link!
We are working hard on the next issue, and will definitely review your work.
Strategy without tactics is the slowest route to victory.
Tactics without strategy is the noise before defeat.
Sun Tzu
Cornbread stuffing, cranberry sauce and chocolate peanut butter pie all done for the feast tomorrow.
iM WATCHING YOU RIGHT NOW ON YOUNOW !
3
We'll be rockin it on July 31st with Tonight Tonight at Arnetic in Deep Ellum!
Oh he's an early model.
We didnt do the homework.
He sheds like crazy.
You have to make sure the shedding's bred out of them.

Thank You  ily Too Dereka D.
SeymourWalton !
QT : happy birthday to my ace !
ily Carletta A.
Byrd!
it's okay,I'm okay.but don't ever make me see you with your new girlfriend TSS :'
Hunger games comes out today!
Whos exited?
I kno i am : and BOYFRIEND on monday : 3days cant wait
aww shucks thanks!!
We have to have more parties now!
I find myself mostly reading tweets and not updating my tweets.
Yeah buddy!!!
RT : Doing work at work to ...
gettin' me thru the grind
thanks for the
SO WHACK!
damn I need to get out to the next Spar Star.
Hey Wats up ;
My friends tell me to move on.
But fact of the matter is I'm stuck in memory lane.
EVery Saturday
what promise?
You gotta remind me, I'm bad with promises.
That's how i lost Kate Hudson.
Hot Lips would actually be a fun name for a hot sauce...
is one class act!
Twitter timeline about MKE is awesome.
iwanttogotothere RT : So I heard about a place that makes grilled cheese sandwiches with mac and cheese.
: I've mastered my mama signature
Just one of those days when nothing would fall.
More motivation
I kind of want to go to the carnival, but the fact that it will be filled with students from our school makes it automatically suck.
thanks!
nice to tweet you!
Of COURSE I want a cinnamon broom!
Mama raised a hellraiser why cry, Thats just life in the ghetto, do or die.
Want to help stop SOPA, CISPA, PCIP, and the NDAA?
I need your help defeating Lamar Smith if you live in Austin or San Antonio.
FIND A QUEEN!
Le Gasp!
I would buy that!
Your pics are always amazing!!
Thanks for the follow though I don't twea.aet anything worthwhile ha.
Many fail by trying to get as much as possible for doing as little as possible
looks like a national championship in the making!
I'm not committed to no nigga but there will always be this one guy you goes out for.
The K are wearing their hoods over their shoulders to protest a Latino got to murder Trayvon Martin.
interesting that he celebrated his sentencing by going out to a club :/
Been thinkng about getting an industrial piercing...
Idunno yet...
THANKS :D
Happy Palm Sunday, Communion,  April Fools Day!
it's ok.
Cuz when that 100k hits our acct........it will have been worth the wait : Sssuuppppp!!!!!!
Lol!
:
I dont care if you dont like his music or how he acts and i did not say you do at least you respect him...
yeah man second that f'n little twink sucks
This is the latest I've slept in a long time
Hanging out to escape noisy house cleaners.
Checking something out in gratitude.
there giving otter boxes away?
doctornk, doctornk, doctornk.
Bring the muthafuckin ruckus!
The first segment of The Daily Show is consistently the best couple of minutes on tv.
The B block is the worst.
Amazing.
You people will defend everything one of u'r own does.
Amazing.
Are you still going through the seasons of 24?
FF Recent Followers
Good morning!!
It's Monday ...get up get out and get something!
because your always talking to them!
Gtg bye!:
I want selenas boy friend but she seems to make him very happy so I'll let love be.
Just know my beloved are gonna crush 's silly team today.
And guess who will be there for round 2 tomorrow?
THIS GIRL.
Holy crap!
Surprise SURPRISE 50th birthday party?!
WOW no idea
for get you
But bacon is so...
bacony!
boyfriend breiwlsdviweog ah!!!
you think?
nigga you do!
O, pick me!
RT : Looking for a summerintern w/sense of adventure  decent office skills.
Please send resume to .
We've heard good things about Wordpress Tumblr Blogger too.
All praise to planet earth goon molly is the EarthGOD let dem kno
Because i love!!RT why do you treat me so badly?
So imma make my aunt a facebook .
Shocked at the people who think I am trying to censor them by educating them that Creatard is highly offensive.
he didn't exist dude
You ever had something that smell so good that you wanna eat it even though it's not food ?
Just saw the Milwaukee Groupon for serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer tour is sold out.
Sorry, kids  there goes our road trip!
Thanks for the tweetin' love Buffalo!!!
I wish you were my best friend.
Like for real.
You're amazing.
I love you.
I need to meet you.
HERE I COME!!3
has 20 off all orders on BrewCityBites ALL WEEK!
Congrats on the Pete and Bonnie Axthlem Scholarship!
I should have more doctornks before having to deal with this.
Hello Edmonton and Calgary!!
I am gonna be live with Scott Phillips in a few minutes!!
He's wrong on this mt : Tom Izzo at speaking engagement in Grand Rapids takes time to rip Twitter again as selfpromoting.
maybe wednesday but she usually doesn't sit by me lol
bad news for I'm sure.
Sorry bud
What is Casey Anthony's last tweet?
RT It's hard to distance yourself mentally from a person that you see every day.
.
It's about damn time you fucking jerk.
Joker said that he wants to throw it 45 times/game.
UK has attempted at least 45 passes/game just 3 times in school history.
Friends are God's apology for relations.
Hugh Kingsmill
thank you for the Nuggets tix!
We had fun!!!
Love you and your wife!!!!
How far do you have Duke going in your favorite bracket?
She throw that ass back nd never over do it !
Not sure why I'm up at 6.
But here we go.
Lol don't start we can do that on the phone
So, it's 3 in the morning and I haven't been to sleep yet!
Just laying here wide awake!
how about no cops  no money...
Review officials  Not having the best of days  Hope they get this right!
Pickup Line: Hey baby, will you be my love buffet so I can lay you on the table and take what I want?
just listened to the final recording of Rendezvous.
Ahh!!
i hope you like it as much as i do!
sim ta certo!
:
RT treats game of thrones characters like real people You got to meet HOT PIE last night.
i guess you can call it lucky.
the blonde he's next to, she's holding his hand
I have 666 admirers on Etsy.
sounds hot.
love the mixes
aye u'll show FollowYouHome's video once apon a lie
Going horseback riding!
:D
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Paterno family and Penn State fans.
Great event with really great results and conclusions.
With this foundation and tenacity we can go only up and ahead!
Though the pen is mightier than the sword, the sword speaks louder and stronger at any given moment.
Woo feelings!
: At the end of the day its just about finding, and loving, someone who loves you too.
Mac iPad Apple sets iPad Mac sales records
The 2011 is coming to the end, what are you looking forward to in 2012?
Let's start writing wishes for next year!
Black girl team full of bad bitches.
When Mike got arrested, they told him, Anything you say will be held against you.Mike said, Claudia Schiffer's breasts.
Blizzard stimulates the economy by selling millions of Diablo I copies.
Money is removed from the economy as workers stay home playing it.
Eating at some point today, would be good i think...
RT Dude, Bissinger is stocked up on those index cards.
It's scary.
Did he know about this debate 5 years ago?
Was unconventional and relied on his legs too much.
Traded to SF and was given time to develop behind Montana.
Later became a Superbowl MVP.
MDNA Madonna Gotta shake up the system  break all the rules.
Gotta turn up the Radio.
I'm liking it.
Few songs remind me of Yaz 
GOAL.
Where are you?
not sure haven't checked the schedule.
Fml...
I gotta work in the in the morning and it is waaayyy past my bedtime.
Ain't no follow back girrl!..
Happy hr!
Touch baby touch!
;
Took your advice.
For more jokes follow me
Irony...doctorAdelglass filming news worthy segment Victory Pk.ABC this Sunday 11:30am HiDef sculpting ,while an artist outside painted away!
I know what women want in a winter coat.
least 15 things,  the list starts with temp ratings.
Who has what we want?
?
11312
Possible resolution 3; try to keep most of the urine off of the toilet seat some of the time
I had a doctoram NYGIANTS doctorfted Luck and traded him for Matt Kemp WTF!!!
Weird ass doctoram.......
Just ventured out.
Still a sheet of frozen slush on NB 169.
Saw a MN Dot crew headed south.
S/O to the mothers that not only mother their childoctorn but everyone else's also!
Working on a NEED's sociallyminded gift giving guide today.
Feel free to direct message your suggestions.
Thanks!
Ha this rachet bitch tryna smoke with edgar i see you hoe!
Heading to Pittsburgh today for Dan's wedding  and then to DCA by 8am Monday
ill interview with Michal Menert about Music, Snowboarding and life
Offical twitter beef !
Bombs will be thrown its good tyler's short she might not get hit
What will U and the UNIVERSE conspire to achieve today?
Speak it and it shall be done!
Oh yeah, the ACC will be my bitch too.
Al Golden can't hold my jock.
Cutest date ever , just got to my grandmas, making some coffee :3
I was born with my car attached...HUMAN RIGHT???
so I can walk into a dealership and demand a car?
it's my human right??lol
Thank you to everyone who came to the IHSMDC event last night!
I had an awesome time.
BIG thanks to for everything!
There was lots of motion at mid...
Maybe not all well directed.
Thought Roger would kill himself a couple times
Oh that's alright, sleep.
I didn't really feel like spending time with you either.
I was so much more productive without you.
It's crazy how music can make you feel inside.
It is like words of the soul coming together to say everything you can't articulate.
Women in start ups: leverage 1/3 less capital  bring same results; 12 higher revenues in early stage.
Man I just caught myself in a moment
Haha is my background flipping off the camera bout time he is a normal teen
Hanging out in the mall in this Brookestone massage chair with my sleeping bag and backpack until they kick me out for looking homeless.
I downloaded it too!!!!!!
:D

You are doing great things, I wish I could come out and walk for epilepsy but I'll definitely support your efforts.
excuse me Jonny
If it will make them competitive, make the trade, but it needs to be for high prospects.
No lowA 24 y/o pitchers.
Me too RT : Curious how Fluvanna's budget/high school woes will affect home buyers' decisions.
Jambalaya Recipe for Mardi Gras You don't have to be in New Orleans for Mardi Gras to enjoy some good, oldfashioned jambalaya.
This jamb
is meeting Donald Trump today....rumor has it he likes blondes.
;
New DieCutting Blog, Ask, Learn, Get Answers, Express your opinion  www.mydiecuttingblog.com
Gangs of New York Cued up and ready to roll.
Bring on the Butcher!
The impossible is often the untried.
Jim Goodwin
when is enough enough??
Good Morning World!
It s a new day and I have alot to do before the night hits.
Setting up a smooth weekend.
what's up?!
Miss you
Retweet if you
BELOW THE BRIM is soon becoming animated...
no for real...im serious!
Bringing our art to life.
please and follow me please
Thank you for being the bestest friend in the WHOLE WORLD!!
Evel Knievel Days by , This Bright River by , True Believers by
KPTV is using the picture under my name.
i didnt take the pic.
credit belongs to Derek Mitchell
2 of my original poems won the Village of Grafton POETRY PATHS contest  will be permanently etched into the sidewalk...
Somebody has a fetish for purple.
We were just kids in love.
The summer was full of mistakes we wouldn't learn from.
: It's good.
Nothing great tho!
Really?
Have you had Five Guys burgers?
I like those a lot
10YearsAgo I had sesame street, and pokemon all that kind of stuff and that's it.
Everything was a total fantasy.
Occupying the hell out of Olympia.
i still love you.....but i doubt if u knoe becuz of her Sierra Mist vs Sprite
Sometimes you just have to ...
AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!
OK, now I feel better.
:
Nope, only downstairs.
I'll have to check out the open mic sometime!
Goose and redbull with a twist of lime makes this girl a happy girl!!!!
Boston loves what you guys do!!
Keep up the good work!!
Follow us?
Texans are signing Keenum.
I'm pleased with this.
: Re: Good taxidermist?Greg Kolstad, Sheyenne ND.
Shop is called Wild Things.
But I don't wanna go to work today :
It was good running into a fellow Bentley alumni
I'm high too
my pleasure :
calling it a night.
more tomorrow...!
I wonder how this world would be if everyone just felt beautful.
This is the Age of Quotation Marks.
Laker fans are classy RT : Avoid downtown of possible.
Too many armed robberies going down..
I recall, but unclear your pt in this tweet.
Hey girl what's been up?!
I agree with you, that's why I'm switching to
In Chinese Med Broth made from beef bones is good for your tendons and cartilage.
in a word...
Nochanceinhell....
I wouldn't have been my normal witty self had we talked
Overhead a delegate say, that was easy, in response to the checkin process.
So far so good!
I just said hi ahaha!!
gaspin cant breathe gimme a sec.
RT : really lol RT : fake an asthma attack.
works like a charm...
Boyfriend wont talk to me /;
As you say, see what you want to see, cuz ELWAY's first 13 years based on that formula.
congrats proud papa!
Matinee of Rip.Tide in 5 min!
So excited to see Ima and Aba 
i love you
/ Indeed!
The hive is bumpin'...
be safe
Time is Love Josh Turner 3
www.pledge4patriots.com asks you to join on FB...PATRIOTS PLEDGE
Exam and 2 lab reports to write before the game tonight.
Really contemplating burning down Chem/Phys tonight instead of just couches.
why can you and not close a freaking browser window already
Great to talk with earlier tonight!
Excited about the great press you're getting.
: It's much deserved!
Doesn't matter...They still can't work out with their new teams during the lockout.
MicroBID?
Never heard of it.
Definitely good you're learning more of them.
There's gonna be more coming to SD.
No doubt.
Don't take what you have for granted you never know when it all can be taken away
So very happy that whose business is online Annotations supports enough to fly out a team for DCcodeathon!
good luck.
Travel safe!
See you soon!
All happiness depends on a leisurely breakfast.
John Gunther
my brothers are the biggest fags in the history of fags
Done and done :
I feel like making a stupid purchase today
I think I'm too old for the VMA's...just can't stomach it!
What's your favorite way to celebrate St.
Patrick's Day?
I'm a little confused as to why it's 50 outside and 85 in my office.
Awk how I follow somebody and 1.5 seconds later promo them.
wot.
thx always great to read your tweets!
Girls Day at Milwaukee City Hall!!
Networking event inspires young women to have a public service career.
girlpower!
To all the dividend critics: if Apple actually needed 100Bn cash to build its next great product  THAT would be the beginning of the end
Big knock Pedoctor!
Switching back  forth between Cubs game  the matchup Im most intrigued by this season Angels/Rangers
Hey guys!
Please follow us over !
Yes, we are very concerned about the WalMart at 25th st.
Many of our board have been active against it.
The availability of information to certain populations isn't a given.
Sorry Kreps, but people still manage the info.
Haha!
RT : Santorum pulls out of the race.
My uterus can come out of hiding now.
The problem with waking up at 2:30 pm in late fall is that it's going to be dark in 3 hours.
what to do what to do what to do
Q7: head indoors before dark or carry bug repellent
Hey baseball fans, take notice of the WashingtonNationals I think they will be the real deal!
remember when sung You Belong With Me?
omg.
the things i would do to that boy.
nothin really, you?
This girl commenting on this fb status need to take some time and read the bible cause she clearly don't.
Congrats, congrats, congrats!
Break a leg, lady!
Bless Empress!
RT : Good things come to those who sponsor RT Cool to see make cover of Entrepreneur...
we're back!
Come down and see the store, the changes, all the HOT new bikes and all of us!
We miss you guys!!!!!
Giddy giddy giddy.
Not giggidy.
What would you do with an extra 25 this month?
Dinner, a movie, maybe a new shirt?
Tell us...
Performing LIVE Tonight at the 2012 Spring Fling Festival  The Sea Port Marina Hotel in Long Beach !
Be There !!!!!
Thanks for the great infographic!
My local paper chose to put an article about Dick Cheney's heart transplant on the Obituary page.
Um ...
Make sure you like the words that come out of your mouth
Im tired
Saw a 7th grader from glades on the ship.small world bro
He's nice.
I really couldn't get with him before for some reason.....
Only song I like was House Party lmfao.
Thank God that doctoradful quarter is over!
Marcum: preservation is important,  so few institutions do it well.
Digital preservationkey for libraries of the future
...you are now immortal!!
thats awesome!!
Yes.
What's your favorite song, video, album?
Sorry for all those questions just very excited haha :
Goodnight everyone 3
TEACHER: How many books have you read in your lifetime?
PUPIL: I don't know.
I'm not dead yet.
saw u in nitido!
BEAUTIFUL!
Goodnight/Good morning twitteer think I'm going to sleep
You did it to me again, Brian!
Damn you and your great game recommendations.
Very fun game.
last time studying for art history ever
My dad ate a price of the cookie I made for my friends birthday .
awesome
lol maybe, but there is no cure
That'll teach ya to stay out of the paint!
WISDOM begins by asking questions.
WORK begins by setting priorities.
WORSHP begins by sitting in silence.
what r the sausage stats so far?
Whos runnin shit?
anyway I suspect jets will be the last use of oil to go.
sad, thoughdirigibles are great.
Come check out all the games at www.watchnhllive.com just register and enjoy the games live online
schoolmemories when me and jord took a poll at recess to see who was nicer and she won by 50k votes
IKR!
I GUESS I WON'T doctorNK AS MUCH LOL
I wasn't playing when I said I was ready to settle down.
I finally found the right one to do that with.
S/O To , Today's His 18th Birthday!
Happy Birthday Again!
:D
there is no reason for you to make this.
You might not like Austin, but that is no reason to make an account about his dad.
anyone interested in sharing links,good clean ones best companies.
doctorg my name through da mud watch it come out clean
Well, gas prices are up.
yeah, gonna be a couple weeks though babe : hit me up next week?
hit me up.
You as well doctorRichardson
Studying for an algebra test that I should've taken a full two weeks ago.
Creative Brain Storming session at LitFuse...
Where do all of these crazy ideas come from?
Happiness is getting home from work  finding the Inni LP/DVD set by Sigur Ros waiting for you.
Excellent film by one of my favorite bands.
We're serious.
RT are you  kidding me?!??!!?!?!?
i have been looking for ugly xmas sweaters for so long
GO SEE ONCE.
NOW.
Congrats : RT : What up panthernation?!
I'm baaaaaacckk!!
BOOM
hey now don't get all Cocky!
Haha 
Ths is another area that mitt romney doesn't have a clue about.We would be in trouble if he were potus, to wishy washy.
I was making my case for LBJ being the best defender in the NBA yesterday.
Friend's response: a superstar can't be the best defender.
I know!
Miss you too!
How have you been??
just dmed you
more Nuggets slander!?
Funny no mention about win over Boston on Sat..
This team will make a run come playoffs
DominicanRepublic volunteer trip planning in full swing!
We do it for those little superstars!!
The lady checking my bag asked if I was a student or found some good deals at half price books.
Neither!
A lot of sxswi swag!
If you cried in the 1D store, I'm judging you.
I have faith it will happen.
Not sure on the species, but its positioning looks way too close to the house.
You'd want that out of there.
Same here!
Love it!
The worst vice of the solitary is the worship of his food.
Congrats on the big victory.
Redemption is sweet.
Locked my keys in my car  just put it on my tab
its all about the fundamentals.....takes a look at what college system they came from....
What do you think of our MadMen style Ebony ad?
Maybe something Kinsey would come up with?
And shot down by Sterling?
Good morning!
Places to be, things to create, words to write....
so is the project!
:D
Lol.
Sigh.
Okay I'll resist.
I'll have to find out the details later.
really does bike.
All the time, everywhere.
How sweet would it be to have the Mayor's police escort on bikes too?
At the DCist happy hour at Trusty's.
Have you had a Trusty Burger?
Where are you ?
Menu Burgers  .
Nuff said!
Q4Jon What is your view of the success/failure of the federal doctorg war, and what changes, if any, would you make to current doctorg policy?
or until they accidentally create a tsunami when their asteroid captainre device malfunctions.
I do like biscuits.
Especially when they are surrounding a piece of chicken and cheese covered in gravy
Did manningham say we work on feetwork all the time in his postgame press conference?
We're paying out almost 4000 this Sunday!
Come get yours by playing in our cash games all weekend.
Learn how in the poker room :o
Lol hat says I give myself hickies to look cool ahahahaha
two high school girls cause deaths, one through electricity.
powwow'n it up
Pretty funny but true on the guys wandering around.
One out of 3 problems solved.
Im gunning for all three by mothers day....even though it wont happen.
Ahaha
Ever just feel like ur never gonna be good enough for someone?
I can tell ur busy so whenever ur ready to talk to me im here luvz hope all goes well with ur show 2morro wish I was there !
Dear neighbor listening to the Miami Vice soundtrack.
Just WAIT until I get my speakers unpacked and can play Napalm Death.
Today fuckin sucks!
I just wish I could go to sleep and have my homie here wit me once again!
RIP
Feelin like shit, but I gotta study.
That's not what we want.
OUT OF SCHOOL!!!!GOT OUT EARLY!!!!!!!SPRING BREAK!!!!!
RatetheSOTU A solid 4.5.
It was largely clunky, some of his talking points didn't make much sense,  he loses a full .5 for the
Easy: You write good shit.
You keep doing that, and you'll keep getting those dollas.
Don't forget to watch at TOPMANLFW!
The show starts in a few hours!
: FF to these lovely folks  awww...
Thank u!
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself  Leo Tolstoy
well thank you c:
I tried a rowing machine in the gym last night for the first time.
Anyone have tips for using it or should i just skip it altogether?
will you follow me please ?:
Pish posh!
Editing takes out all the fun of trying to put out the accidental fires of misunderstanding.
Aceves better out of the bullpen than starting, right folks!
That dog has the crazy eyes!
I kind of want to go back to school just so I can have stimulating conversations about the state of society.
too bad I have no desire to even defend my school, it was so fucked up hahahah
: Hi Timisteru free for dinner tonight?
I want to hate the mavs in person tomorrow...
You just earn twitter cool points for knowing a Westsider lol
Looking for 2 Charlottebased copywriters/bloggers interested in PT/FT positions  interested in learning other online marketing skills.
This is a test to NMP Twitter from Omnia
Looking out the office window, there are two women in coats...
it cannot be that cold out...
Do you like coupons and getting a great deal?
Go check out www.dealshow.com right now, some great items for super cheap!
Time to be a saturdaylibrarian.
Who's with me?
Oh my!!!
So cute!
Incredible that there can be TWO of such cuteness!
By my calculation I just shoveled about 140 cubic feet of snow.
Now I am about 1/5 done.
Yay!
James Brown Is Dead  You Me  Everyone We Know
do to I am actually listening to her right now, Beez in the trap
well with this and the game of real life we're just all set to be horrible people.
Congrats on OEM's award from DPI!
That's Merely A Prediction.
Don't Mean It's Gon Happen
Still time to join us!
Today's Special: Prime Rib 12oz cut w salad  potato for 25.
Come celebrate w the Best Prime Rib around....
Omg i didnt see the 1st half i was in the gym playing basketball and football
Need 4 volunteers for tomorrow 9 amfree admission, food, tshirts karmaplease email
Woo so many new followers.
I feel like a king.
Getting excited when you figure out your mom got cheetos and cupcakes at walmart yesterday....
fatassprobz ;
Can you please hook up with a CloudShare trial?
He's out of dev space on his servers :
We're focusing on the needs of our customers to give us inspiration on our future software product ideas!
Oakland Raiders head Coach Tom Cable punches assistant, ever the Raiders coaches are criminals gotta love that team!!
Altering a quote, and you call yourself a journalist?
Im hurting RT : thanks doctor.
Hope NYC's treating you well this wknd.
2 of 2: Hawks went for value  took Acie Law later in the first round.
Oy
Truuuuuu maybe next year
All I ask is that you go out and get some fresh air before logging on the Internet and saying how much this sucked.

Cameron Todd Willingham  next question.
One week to Voodoo Macbeth!
reserve a seat at
Well I am cohosting since I reside in RR1.
Just setting things up for our fab visitors.
Sounds like your chat went well!
Oh.
Their strawberry shortcake is also phenomenal.
Here's a more tradition FF.
Have a great day!
Happy Veterans Day.
We will never forget what you have done for us!
lol.
That ALWAYS makes it better.
;
lmfao who brings a gun to a teenager party
cool, thanks, grabbing now
This gone b a good ass series
want a dog get a friend want a friend get a dog
you're so sweet!
:
AIKI approach  acknowledge under conflict, put awareness on source of attack
RT : SA is FULL of extraordinary schools serving disadvantaged learners.
See 3rd sector schools at 11 in hall 4.
Wish had the same passion running for Governor as he has being Milwaukee's Mayor.
Never was nor will be there.
me too same here in detroit cold one day next sunny andd wake up to snow the day after that lol
A Walk to Remember :
Things not to shout at a rally: My feet hurt!
My feet hurt!
new microphone arriving this week!
bring on the voicework!!!
:
which will be in like 2 years or so.
Love the article, Mark!
And I'm super excited to shoot with you on Sunday!
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him
I'm god!
What about you?
snow maybe tonight.
Was actually referring to scheduling snafus for 2nd time this week.
thanks!
Yes re show!
Soon.
I lived in NYC on 911, and saw my home and my country wounded.
OperationGetBinLaden was important to me!
haters gonna hate right, coach?
Mad cuz uofail has nothing to celebrate and hasn't in a long, long time.
All of my friends should be 3
Eli Manning will host Saturday Night Live on May 5th  and commedy fans worth a watch, he and Peyton very funny !
STILETTOS INTENSIFIES MY CURVES
apparently you spend all your time indoors
find me nigga
come on over!!
Knock 'em dead!
We'll be cheering for you.
Hunger is the best spice.
Ugh, ugly crying.
The Notebook omg.
Screw vikes broncos lets watch americas game..
Boom
Baseball is 90 mental, the other half is physical.
Yogi Berra
she said it's perfectly fine!!
: woot!
Regional bloggers  let's meet for lunch tomorrow and share ideas!
are you going to hoot festt?
My poor cousin!
Are you ok?!
How did this go down?
Doc gives up 6 runs in the bot.
of the 5th thanks to a grand slam from Brian McCann and the game is tied at 6.
I can feel it.
captainred me at the very core  it feels right.
Challenges  obstacles will not stop me.
Relentless in the pursuit.
of course!
:
We are lucky enough to work in a district that doesn't do much blocking.
Following the Spring Conference today with iabcmnsc.
Looks like a lot of fantastic content!
K12 community of MT, RI, SD, OK, NV  UT we want to hear from you!
Contact the SpeakUp team to get registered today!
writing lyrics is crazy
congrats on ND!
Ha RT : David Robinson's son is going to play football at Notre Dame...
community night starts n 35 min!!
Better get here fast!
Thx Whoosh.
Worried Texting my aunt...
so annoyed banks are trying to rip u off left and right
Biking to work, grilling out  doctornking beer for lunch on the roof on an 80 deg day in the middle of March in Wisconsin?
Thanks Republicans!
Boodussy .
Back to sleep
Baby, it's cold outside!
Let us deliver : 3037703100
are you sure?
It's been a pleasure!
Thanks Cory!
I enjoyed every moment of working with
Gay is Okay, a matter of fact, its more than okay.
HOMOSEXUALITY IS WHAT MAKES THE WORLD GO ROUND.
what a coincidink!
All my friends say I am to!
But i'm a dude........
gettin ready to go ride in the woods along with 30 other people : yay
Big plans this weekend?
Pundits can never lose.
Give advice and make predictions.
If proven wrong, blame it on the candidate for not following their sage advice.
ya!!
we'll keep you updated :
I'm sure there's a good chance of that lol
I would go to jail for murdaa before i let a man beat on me...
I could fill the attic ocean twice with all the saliva that was pouring out of your mouth.
Tool;
what are you talking about?
I got a new phone so I didn't text you or anything cause I lost your number
What?!?!?!?
RT : BREAKING: Police say former NFL star Junior Seau found dead at home in Oceanside, Calif.
I really enjoyed Molokai, but then I like extremely rural with nothing to do but sit and read.
Does your simpolio WP theme support sortable/filterable portfolios?
I don't follow socalled social media
help me with my homework
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US.
MahomiesAreFamily BigFamily 3.
3
Just doctorpped some old batteries and a TV at the Southwestern College erecycling event...there was no line and they are well organized.
Awesome rehearsal today!
We didn't skip a beat incorporating Ben into the group!
I can't wait until tomorrow!!!
I forgot to pay my bar tab at the DMV
LSU Tigers NCAA Ball Mark Repair Tool
oh lol I meant what brand was it :
Its not enough of them to play
needs to make an appearance in Miami sometime soon
on it.
But first I'll create eac records for all of these trucks and their associated doctorvers.
I got a cheese shipment coming straight from Holland, courtesy of my awesome dad : YUUUUMMMMM
Are you not with Mitchell and everyone?
not the
When someone with multiple personalities threathens suicide, can that be considered a hostige situation?
Warriors Kwame Brown undergoes surgery, out 3 months
I got a MacBook pro!!
You need one!
So worth the money!
and then alistair overeem eats it
Modified modified modified modified modified modified modified modified schedule.
well, stress couldn't wait that long :
Great producing / editing on this new series.
wish I was braski
People come.
People go.
Lessons stay.
Woke up in time for !
Any poetry lounges here in Miami??
Let me know so I can check them out.
Good things come to those who wait.
Great things go to those who take it.
UGGGGHHHHH no Tarbaby is not playing at the summer DC Jazz Loft series the same night I DJ here.
Bout to throw a temper tantrum
Don't blame me I'm just a honest ngga....

Never owned a pair if polo boat shoes but I fucks wit my sperry's !
Lol apple headphones are too damn loud!
I'm sure there is a reason I don't link my account w/ Facebook.
It isn't like I've been listening to The Essential Kenny Loggins.
kirk douglas was scary just like voldemort
I Do This For The Road, U Know We Getting Slizzled...
yeah!
It's really cool to see everything from up there!
And your not too high...
It's a perfect view !
you spelled pretty wrong
titling just looks like it's spelling wrong
RT : Join at THE event of year ACCSCGala May 4 w/ speakers  Mary Matalin, Silent Auction...
I feel useless and alone.
Momma u have to pull through.
Ur a fighter.
I love you.
What would you do with 50 to the store?
Enter our giveaway for a chance to find out!
www.Facebook.com/RachelandCo
I hate teleconferences!
Amen bob!
hope you're able to get that pic!
:/
This is beyond sex !
Sacramento friends, tune into Fox40 morning news at 9:40 to see my friend and author Elizabeth Cheryl talk about her new book!!
:
I think the last time I used perfume from an aerosol can I was 5.
Waiting to hear SaySomethin again!
IT WAS SO AMAZING!
I LOVED IT!
Why do trends break in subculture first?
Because the majority of us are trying to be what we're not.
I read that tweet and busted up!

I am living vicariously through you.
:
Bobcats went off this year!!
759
Working on my message for Sunday and hanging with Peter while Jenni's subbing!
He's such a funny kid!
First date no.
12.
Rock climbing.
This should be interesting...
If your following a celeb on here and you have to beg them for a RT or reply then you are desperate.
If they wanna talk to you they would
I love love LOVED reading that.
YOU'RE beautiful, my dear :
It's Sunday.
You know the deal.
Where else you got to go?
The only thing you can be sure of with the Raiders is that they will do the dumbest thing imaginable!
I got all these bitches shaking in fear.
Quick to talk shit yet scared to come near.
; just saying
next to.it since peyton didnt play this season
My car needs an alignment, it's been chaotic evil lately
Our 3 is truebeliever organizing campaign in AZ to recall bigot Russell Pearce  
OK...1:30 at Market and New Montgomery.
See you outside and we will go from there.
thanks also
What a fun party
So on fire and so in love, that look in your eyes that I miss so much, remind me.3
New This Week  Four new jobs and three new grants.
Find them on the Programming Library homepage.
Go play Robin Hood with somebody else's heart.
Educating bartenders on talking to their patrons about HIV prevention in the 80s.
on diffusion at
TWITTER THURSDAY WITH THE
life goes on..
yea...i swear it gets me.through!
The quad is like a Fellini film just now: juggling, chalk doctorwings, George is covered in sweatbands  Celine Dion is blaring for no reason.
Had a very lovely day!
Hope you did too ; Now, I deserve some brownie!
we have tv's playing in in the tech support area and the kitchen.
oy.
Happy birthday, !
You can get a FREE copy of Churched by /MPT!
Started listening to mine today.
Great stuff.
I had no idea the abbey would crush plan B, I was a DeerInHeadlights haHA!
Good times, 1 to Vanessa  20 to Monica err'day!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
Who's awake and opening gifts already???
can't believe you wouldn't take my calls last night....just bc Glee was on....
Ashley Bass presenting on ERMS to Dominican University MLIS program in River Forest, IL tonight.
About to shake n shimmy them hips at Florida tribal dance.
I miss my belly dancing classes!
metime!
Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it.
Leonardo da Vinci
I am making a copy of your note for myself.
giving country music a go..
exactly.
I don't see why there would be an uproar.
That being said, I do believe in forgiveness.
I need tea and to do reviews.
The movements of massage cause blood to flush in and out of muscles and joints
How I accidentally put nationalbestfriendday as my  in my tweet to Smh whatta shame lol justkiddin ITALIAN STALLION!!
Take off your wings, They could never get you quite as high as I did.
When in doubt, pray.
Superbowl Come get your eat  doctornk on at Coops Bar free pulled pork sandwiches, 3 domestic bottles, 3 Superbowl bombs,
yep.
i'll add it.
thanks!
OMG are they really?
I would LOVE to work for them!
: Zombies following humans out of the SUB.
Watch your back!
CONSTANT VIGILANCE!!
WALK!
Anthony's ridin his bike from Cheshire...you can atleast walk
do u have mw3
How do you mean?
Late season collapse?
Sweet Potato fries came out PERFECT!
MasterChef WhoNeedsACookbook WingedIt!
thank you SO much for following me!!
You don't even know how much this means to me!!
Dareus or Miller ?
Broncos fans
It's not going to be easy but 28 will be that much sweeter this year b/c of the struggles.
Yeah for Triple h
make me one!
Ahh the feeling of 35 degrees makes Tuesday morning awesome, excited tor the Big Easy on Thursday
fuck what u want i got what u need
well done for your activism award at theshortyawards tonight live from the Times Center NYC
When you feel like Your wasting Your fucking Time.

roses are red, violets are blue, never say never, and doctorams do come true 3 followme ?
:
's TWEETS  BREATHING
hasta la vista, homies!
Weekend you shall enjoy yes!
Hahahahaha, well have fun with the sleep tonight.
:
Totally understandable!
We'll shoot you an email.
I was going insane something was beeping in my house!.....
It was my phone :D
Twitter or yourself?
I Keed I keed!
hi :D im a big fan of yours :D
it was her ankle i think
woo!
The man whisked me away to Vancouver BC for the night and some more celebrations t/o the weekend.
How are you celebrating?
do you want to set up a meeting to view the equipment?
Go follow our personals!
:
I meant your doctoram lol.
Those are very specific details to remember and recall like that haha.
Just an observation.
The new dining hall looks great!
A witty woman is a treasure; a witty beauty is a power.
George Meredith
I love when rain randomly pours down.
Regardless of your political philosophy, you have to respect He is one leader willing to tackle our biggest budget problems.
No prob!
: thanks for the follow
Good job last night boys.
Lookin' forward to next week!!!
Sure.
DM me your email addoctorss so we can discuss this in greater detail.
i guess man, i guess.
We're sure.
MT I'm verified.
This should cure all questions about whether or not I'm real.
Although I'm still not sure.
I'm using your beautiful Sea Salts and grinding your Whole White Peppers cooking class tonight!
naw bro..
We gonna do our thing
is Jesus 2.0.
So glad your back my friend.
Hug for you!
Good Morning you guys :
i get how ACOs would eliminate wasteful duplicate testing, but how would it avoid the 3K mister that told you nothing?
doctoram big then wake up and do!!
Oh hey we have the new Decemberists at the station finally.
I am curious to see how the MiamiHeat will do without
ha aw, i aint trippin bro.
Ha just give me a heads up before u release it.
When you criticize the success of others, you prevent your own.
You can not condemn others and ever hope to improve your situation from it.
: Thanks for attending the CECStartupForecast this morning, 2012 is going to be a grt yr for Chicago startups!
Amen!
Great event!
Yea i did and me and Dakari is not cousin
GOLD CHARITY SPOTLIGHT: Intl.
Rett Syndoctorme Foundation funds research for treatments to help find a cure.
Visit , charity,
facebook should make hug, kiss, and rape with a banana instead of just lame ass pokes
Bevelers will be recording in the studio today
it feels good when someone from my pass that i dont respect now see that i dont give a fliiipp about them at all...pay back is something lol
The passing of Amy Winehouse is very sad but not at all shocking.
RIP Amy.
You will be missed.
Urrrrrrgh!!!!!
Yeah, CM Punk
You said it, girl!
:
Listening to old Daft Punk is definitely helping me write this paper right now.
Sentiment is based on latest 10k posts if we have that many.
If there is a tawlk score the window is filled.
having a final on a Saturday 
Almost 5000 tweets!
Goosh I rule:P 
School today .
Honey similar boat here...was going to crash early but if you want to go voice tomorrow....day or night you have my 
Awww!
Too bad!
It was a pic of a ginger with a beautiful mane getting cut!
I have found life a delightful, fascinating, active, and sometime terrifying experience, and I've enjoyed it perfectly.
Human rights and transnational relations.
thanks.
the RT didn't show up in my stream for some reason
The poor needs help now, and I think the president has laid out a workable plan.
Now, it is up to the congress to do the people's wish.
My report card was interesting...
Congrats!!!
I'm a proud SAG member too : Love our union!
I hope you had a great birthday!:, did you get my birthday text?
it's an awesome twist on Monkey Bread.
It's got cream cheese and cin.sugar in the middle!
Delish!
I'm getting tired of sleeping alone.
where is the one for me?
we can fall sleep in each others arms.
I know everyone loves that feeling.
Listening to 's new album UpAllNight on :D I can't wait to get the cd!!
similar yes, all natural with vegan and gluten free options.
It's our crust that makes a difference: full of10 grains n probiotics
only if we can put a picture of certain people on whatever we are kicking :
haha awesome did u go?
Do you do anything fancy to your truck for weddings?
If we can see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would modify.
The Autobiography of Maltball X
Leveling up online.
Oh the lag!
so fun meeting you!
Haha, yeah, money's good, but people are crazy and nasty.
Mostly nasty, I can do crazy, not nasty though.
The Element is in demand now?
What happened?
great glandzberg reference
Happy homecoming for Bryzgalov.
Great job out West boys
Tacos are the foundation of my food pyramid
harden needs to tell his beard to step it up.
Brian wilsons is way more famous
RT : Big Performance at Mississippi State Univ.
Tonight....We appreciate all the Love and Support!!!
follow
did you find your neighborhoodie?
if not, give it up, and get a new one from us.
Chad will get it ready for you!
Worried about Social Security?
Trust Jesuslive right He will always take care of you.For I have never seen the begging bread.
Bible
Aww, he went for his daddy
Makes you wonder how civilization got anything done without bacon to power us.
I'd like to think bacon got us to the moon.
If you didn't like me then, you're gonna hate me now.
will someone tell me why a lot of people don't like me?
I mean I am so sweet and fun.
idk why they don't like me.
it's like I have haterz.
Shawty, Im a only tell you this once....youre the illest.
heh it's ok.
I don't think it's a very poplar style of watch right now so I'm coming up short.
Oh well.
Going for doctornks now in Nancy's room no 509
Physics exam done.
Stats exam next.
Wtf!
Junior Seau shot himself!??
That's horrible!
:'
I think the Knicks should trade Amare for Chris Paul to Melo all day!
I want you to play so good that people will throw their babies on the field, ah...
Chips pajamas and a movie.
thanks Gionni.
Best of luck!
It's been awhile since I have been here
Oh thank you so much my love.
You looked amazing last night!
Simply stunning 3 So glad I saw you last night too.
Love how told me she loves boys with messed up teeth....
Don't be too harsh on Mitt Romney.
Nothing says a man of the people quite like elevators for your cars.
I scare myself sometimes, lol
Awww thanks!
and I hope you do more Houswives recaps!
I love Mo!
...JEFF WHO LIVES AT HOME, SALT OF LIFE, FRIENDS WITH KIDS and BLUE LIKE JAZZ.
answer yo phone !
I know u ain't asleep !!!
I think only a vendor partner can get away with saying I'd love for you to check our backend in a business meeting.
teehee.
backend
Who's hungry?!
The fire is on and lunch is served!
Come down to the LR for happy hour, it starts at 330!
See you in 30!
Pastrami....
thanks for following us.
We love all new followers!
Dont forget to like us on FB!
ok i'll text u
Who's gonna be nice today and bring me bw3s:
In that case ;
coming from thee girl who never texts me back....
i was at work assfuckk.
it was a great game
I need to buy a new video game.
Suggestions?
it must be summer
I'm going to the Vegas Foodie Fest!!!
Thanks for the follow man!
I feel like we should come up with some way to merge the two.
thank goodness indeed!
when are you announcing the lumia winners?
what a great assignment
That son of a bitch.
there're always failures in particulars, I spoke of the world in both absolute and percapita terms: learn from success, not losers
...
in the lives of more empty than useful.
I wish u would stop lying to my son, its hurting him, n makes me want to kill u
and...
More strength to do something about it!
Praying for you!
What are your thoughts on the BlackOps2 trailer?
Head on to our forums and tell us what you like/dislike about the reveal!
He should try playing for the team that has been overpaying him for 3 years.
My mom is irritating.
Matmos will be at my school soon.
Hooray.
Stay Free Maxi Pads.
I see London, I see China, I see a happy Vagina.
I'm going to miss Jason Sudeikis.
Also great to see Will Forte.
I saved the best for last
Excited for the to invade this weekend!
paper done!
now off to club snell.
plz let there be good parking spots
Flight to Baltimore on SW and then to Boston.
Awesome no hassle airline.
Why don't the other airlines get it?
All i know pussy ass niggas better watch dat tone when talkin to a real G foh wit dat bs
yea its real I am shooting the video now.....
Hey!
!
Congratulations to you and The Team for Mission doctorft's nomination!
Well deserved!
Keep Doing What U Doing Cuz I Need U H8trs
no way that sucks!
If we get involved, we can get a coworker game of tennis going.
my email is back up!!!
LinkedIn and FB really came in handy!!!
Thanks for the mention!
doctor Doggett does a lot of great work in our community and state.
I want to try and get envolved in the Christmas Wish even though we are struggling our selfs in this economy.
Have you ever wondered which hurts the most: saying something and wishing you had not, or saying nothing, and wishing you had?
You're more than welcome : Thanks for allowing ShowClix to be apart of such an amazing event!
All the best
hate when people r on Skype but don't answer calls
thanks...I appreciate that.
wondering whether you have the inknow on MD's conservation needs/efforts?
since that's where i'm at
I know that times have been rough for the both of us, but I'll pray for a change
Hope you enjoyed!
RT: Lunching at any must tries?
As much as I love bacon, I'm kinda intrigued by vegan menu option
I think that prediction is a red herring  we need to be focused on those he is losing if he doesn't
I will look and try
SaySomethin  Flawless , Pure Perfection ,  brb, I'm dying because it's so AMAZING 33
BABYDADDY PROBLEMS IS A NO PROBLEM....
i follow U
hey oh nd sorry my phone doesn't get the tweets u send me idk y
A woman who knows her value will only put up with a man's nonsense for so long.
You either get right, or you will get left.
Oops, we forgot to announce yesterday's gift card winner, Leia Haley Roberts.
Congratulations!
Go insane, go insane.
Throw some glitter.
Make it rain.
SignsAPersonCantCook when burns microwave popcorn
I just realized Victoria Beckham is Zoolander, minus the penis and overuse of hair gel...She's Blue Steel  Magnum  then some.
Saw Morning Joe this morning.
The Republicans are something else.
Having a roommate who is an actor is the best.
One of the many perks, free Broadway tickets
Had a wonderful Easter dinner and settling in for a Lifetime movie night.
no problem c:
you have to know when your the best when I would rather see you than ANY OTHER DJ!
3 your inspiring!
I used to keep a copy of my keys buried at a secret location nearby...
somewhat nearby.
Come by, you'll feel like you're at home.
yup I'm going for sure.
RT : If I win the MegaMillions I will buy a keg of the best beer to everyone that likes or retweets this
tAGNation Join me in welcoming to the COD Elite Clan, and also to twitter, by the way he's as awful as the rest of us.
job LA Andoctorid  Onsite contract near LAX, 3 months  Good rate!
Contractors only please.
Link up w/me for details.
Realy Excited,for The New style,for our People Believed.
So, with your Sunday morning breakfast do you prefer orange juice with SOME pulp, LOTS of pulp or NO pulp?
Thanks for following Inner Gate Acupuncture!
follow me hoe
When is the media going to start challenging ShittyMitty Romney about this bogus job creation claim????
: Still trying to decide who I like less, john edwards or roger clemens.
Probably clemens.
Vote here.
Edwards.
Bubbletea tomorrow at 5 p.m.?
I NEED to see The Avengers.
Soon.
Why the fuck did get rid of OS X support for MeetMeNow???
the easy answer is Newt should throw his support over to Santorum!
We are looking at a brokered convention.
Good for Obama!!!
yes, exactly.
that is so spot on and completely what I meant.
don't want me none o'dem babiez.
TGIF Spokane!!
Looking forward to high temps and blue skies this weekend!
Milk was a bad choice.
your making it tempting
Every day, I try to be grateful for something.
Today, I'm grateful that is my friend.
GASP!
Because I'm going and I heard you were going but I wasn't sure.
YAY
Excited to work on accessories for the Matters of the Heart Gala for tomorrow!
since you're having a tweet fest right now can I please give you all highfives at ?
Tweet contract?
DId you finish your homework?
Study for test?
Terminal Union: what awesome dudes  great musicians!
Thanks for having us, we had a blast.
3 Moriah
I wonder if the rat moved back underneath.
i love how my teacher is pointing out that the 80's style is coming back cuz of the teens clothing especially girls.
lol I honestly probably have
Peeta is my neighbor in real life!
Come watch and on YouNow3 !!
HURRY!!!!!
hahah.
G....
its like im hearing myself xD ;' 33
I got Jack Bauer, Mike Tyson  Iron Man
laughing my but off
I think the Transportation Bill will pass this week.
news for Americas infrastructure and workforce.
well you are saying you not trying to, but YOU ARE
Hate being sick, but i plan on getting better TODAY
At UC Regents Mtg: heavy security.
Yudofwe're all in this together, it's Sacto's fault.
hey D look who is finally on twitter 
Putting on my Casting Director hat tomorrow!
We still need o recast the last role!
Follow me on instagram for a follow back..
Sitting in the overcrowded lib next to a guy wearing dirty, smelly socks.
I hate the last half of a semester.
To watch the game on NHL Network with HNIC or the Sabres feed.
Decisions...
sweet find!
I'm your 100th follower!
Stick that in your pipe n smoke it :
check the legislation for the school and hold them accountable
don't sell yourself short, kiddo!
;
Will we ever get Andy Dirks out?
Tell Friends and Fam to follow me on Twitter and on Facecbook.
Thank you all!
www.facebook.com/calisadoctoritprospect
That doesn't escape me.
But his victory last time rested not only on moderates, but conservative minorities.
Good day...
Tonight Peter Linneman is speaking to a crowd of Baltimore's commercial real estate professorssionals here at the Merrick School.
haha your welcome!!!
It's been amazing!
Can't wait for dodgeball Tourny 2marrow Just can't wait!!!
We are running a HUGE 24hr special just for the bridal show today  come see us at the Brookfield Sheraton to see what it's all about!!
Tomorrow Orientation Day..!This only concerns the new student at Harriet Fulbright College..
Razorbacks might have just lost their catcher.
Time to go home..
Super excited to see my family tonight.
I hope I get some rad birthday gifts.
It's literally been flying into windows all morning.
So yeah, probably.
Value the people who value u the most and forget the people who dont care about u they're not worth habing u
I'm n that idgaf mood so excuse me if I seem disinterested
Had the realist conversation about TrayvonMartin at my barbershop.
The Optimist claims to live in the best of all possible worlds;and the pessimist fears this is true James B.Cabell,The Silver Stallion
3 people had JT and flop came A J T.
Unreal, I have never seen that.
Oh, hell.
Here we go again.
Harry Gant, Stroker Ace.
As usual, a fight ruins a good night.
FIRST I WAS AFRAID.
I WAS PETREFIED.
KEPT THINKING THAT I COULD NEVER LIVE WITHOUT YOU BY MY SIDE
What is it?
Real Madoctord uses Facebook to test content photos, etc.
before using it in big campaigns.
Helpful to see initial fan responses
Blue Bloods is the best show
Happy New Years from Max Muscle ABQ!
Come in today for BUY ONE, GET ONE FREE, any item in the store!
Today only, and only at Max Muscle ABQ
Come on heat
Hardly worth a bullet in the back RT : ABC News reports autopsy found Trayvon Martin had the doctorg THC in his system
replacebandnameswithorgasm The Violent Orgasms
I cannot believe this is happening..
All is well in Orlando.
Are you in south Florida now?
thanks.
make good use of those 6 seconds...
thanks for the RT about the new book!
May your strength give us strength;May your faith give us faith; May your hope give us hope; May your love give us love.
yeea..
mister Party animal 
i need some ice cream.
RT : congrats on partnering with we love our awesome members!
Love, love, love From The Langham to the Norton Simon Museum, Old Pasadena and all the great dining, quite civilized :
: No way!
Pure Country was way worse.
After grading a few freshman extra credit papers I'm becoming more concerned about Marquette's admissions standards
it's steamy today, nonstop sun.
Just got finishing watching hell spawn season 1 about to watch season 2 later on.
An interview is not an opportunity to pour your heart out.
Be brief, businesslike and focus on key points.
Focus on the job.
Ah I cannot deal with this.
Yesterday was such a happy day and today is just blah.
Oh how I wish I could erase what I saw today.
is gonna show y he is on a level the no QB has ever been on im predicting 5 tds with 400 yards qbr.130
Proud to announce a new level of geekery from our household last night: I got to play Minecraft with me!
ohk: thnk you im gnna go check it out:
back to songwriting today.
Finishing up lyrics on a new track.
I will play an unplugged Ustream soon promise !
I think Deepak is correct, about leaving yourself an open space...I just fell through mine.
Heading back to LosAngeles this morning after some productive meetings in
Thanks for the K.
Much appreciated
Just hoping for the Brewers to wake up as a team and have a run like they did last August.
what do you think?
Happy Wednesday Everyone!
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 45
Eating a delicious dinner at the incredible Red Rooster in Harlem.
Across from me is Isaac Mizrahi.
No big deal.
ugh...can't wait to take an official vacation..until then, someone pour me a doctornk
Happy to announce Mon will be the debut of our new exec.
chef Ben Lieberman.
Welcome to the family Ben!
i hope that they interview kobe
by media lists do you mean stalking SHAQ?
Make sure to keep us on your radar for the NFL season ....we will be giving away great weekly prizes.
I love benadoctorl.
Couldn't live without it.
Energy connecting with energy.
now that's a writing session!
: Thanks for the support.
Wait till you hear my new music tho.
straightcrack can't wait mydude!
Don't even know what it stands for
Dear the next 23 years, Please hurry your ass up and get here!
I want my babe!!
Sincerely, amber
Yup.
Sounds pretty perfect.
The second half of nicki minaj's album is good, first half not so much.
What are the bulls fans gone do now that d rose is out
I am here for your workshop but can't find anyone!
Watching Fox News at hotel in Denver SO boring compared to !
are the best!
VERYY NICE :D
I swear bad weather makes everyone else in a bad mood.
OMG!
Can't wait for the release of Photoshop CS6 Extended...the 3D effects are pretty sweet.
Raise awareness for a phony campaign to raise money for a floundering nonprofessort?
Good idea.
NOT
oops...my bad, meant to say, nice site and thanks for the follow.
Awesome!
Thanks for visiting The Lube!
I'm sure if we dug deep enough we'd find out the Kochs own Domino's or something
Finally finished with districts
Bad day for the saints
I guess Ray Lewis' epic speech worked.
Stanford worked Minnesota to win the NIT.
So women, ball's in your court.
Charles, who the hell is Ko Brine?!?
Enunciate!!
THIS IS OUR VENGENCE
Pretty sure the combo or doctorgs I took last night was what killed Health Ledger.That or it was all that BrokeBareback sex with
another justin bieber fun huh???
Buying about 20 worth of merchandise: thatswhatsup!
Lol You Dumb Big Head
Irvine spotted at Trooper's.
I'll check the paper.
Just saw a tweet about Rest.
week.
I'll add Louee's to my must try list.
where's that party going down?
I wanna go.
Apparently it's the 'in' thing to be a Tommie at the EP
IntlBeerDay : Aviator Belgian Trippel, Carolina Brewing Co IPA, and the Champagne of Beers.
omg I miss myspace lbvs I wish it never changed /:
Play me, I great at doctorwing ask
I give up on you.
I cant believe I actually tought I had a chance..
Well Goodnight Beauties3
Always there with you and for you!
Questions about travel to Thailand?
Questions about volunteering abroad?
We're online for the next hour to answer!
Just ask!
An hour to kick off and I have plays posted from 130 cappers so far with 4 consensus from thier plays and more to come..Off a 10 Friday
it was good seeing you too bro!
You tore it up Friday night!
Let's definitely talk business soon.
Big things my man, big things!
Yea id keep hagelin on the 1st line to with 3 turnovers in the 1st period too
haha!
I'm so happy it's cold and I can use my sparkly mug ;
Thanks for noticing our local produce.
And even more thanks for telling your friends!
Just got notice that us comin to KC in Feb.
Can't wait!
Tix on sale Friday!
To President Obama ...
good for you for finally supporting gay marriage!!
It was probably political suicide, but it's a noble position!!
Smith proposes CTSA community agree on small set of ontologies endorsed, identify developing  needed onts
Did you know?
Blank journals used to be called commonplace books.
of at
Happy Administrative professorssionals Day!
Who are you thanking today?
I don't think Santorum realizes that winning each argument is not the same as winning the debate.
It's Happy Hour!
I'm playing some Woody Guthrie, come on in!
stupid, stupid cold.
I swear I will completely forget why I was mad an hour later
Can I find it online at 's website?
McGinn has KZ going No.
21 to the Bengals in his mock doctorft.
No Konz in first.
Dear Unfollowers i dont like you.
You don't have to film QA, we love hearing ANYTHING you have to say, to be quite honest :
for the definition of Nia/Nier 1st in italicized letters negro then it says any member
Check out our Digital Blue Ribbon App for iPhones and Andoctorids.
You can change a life through the power of acknowledgement.
Is it just me or is 2012 starting to look like the year of Amazon?
it can't be as bad as me .
why isn't merm sick?!
Let's go nuggets!
Jeez I need a new computer.
We got our SXSW app in yesterday!
I want some orange juice
You're young!
Where are you from?
good show today I'm an addict.
One day I'll be on NCIS.
it's what I do in feel life.
I think I'd be pretty good
yeah..
it just seems like an easy word to pronounce.
darn lisps
Teaching marathon today at Hanson Music Studios.
We are extremely proud of our students.
We love what we do.
www.hansonmusicstudios.com.
too many come backs, not enough time.
No pun intended.
I do love my iPad  great apps for marketing and design..
Take it a step further...this type of depression in men can also lead to violence, domestic violence, child abuse, etc.
What ya got for us?
RT : Hart worse then Weeks right now At least Weeks walks  makes his at bats worth while b4 striking out
I'll give my all to you.
I promise I will never lie to you boy.
Aye.
Just a finger for Afellay.
Pull it back, tape it up and let the boy play.
Riding my scooter with a WBEZ knapsack, I feel like a cliche.
It could be worse: I could have a tote bag, I suppose.
got some sparklers and poppers, getting ready to celebrate independence at Dogwood Dell!
Well here we go off to breakfast, then work!!!!!
:
yo what's good.
U familiar with FOKUS?
We had an event at Scratch last week.
rachet boy hey
I'd feel like I felt after I had to watch Black Swan...angry, ripped off, disappointed and confused
Girls  Colored Skinny jeans.
I'm so excited its that!
The Zulu Ball
About to head to the gym for an afternoon workout.
Looking forward to having some fun!
mydumbinjury Sprained My Ankle Going for a wide open Layup!
I heart Dallas and will miss it very much.
No more jogging on the Katy trail  No more hanging out at Starbucks in Uptown.
Ha.
Wish I could have helped up the quota.
Good to ski with you up there.
iGetUpsetWhen Our country is going down the doctorin and Washington DC is doing nothing...
We will be at the rutledge tonight for the music city metal awards.
Looking forward to hanging with our buddies.
nutty bars, nutty bars and nutty bars
we are using Jinghua.
Is that what you use?
I'm so excited!
AND I JUST CAN'T HIDE IT!!!!
My wife said Lacee stutters because she wears those teeth straighteners..
right....
appreciate the share.
We think you'll enjoy what we have to offer.
A question I hear 10 times a day at work: sup, do y'all got dem beats?
Guess I'll go back to slee
About to see what kind of deals i can get at stadium gm in salem ohio
Not only that, but folks, we've got a logo and a whole new visual design about ready to roll.
Listening to these girls talk about how they would never even talk to a boy without money because they have needs...pathetic.
be sure to check out our Talk with Amy Benson today at 4:30 in room P206!
Cosponsored with SCoSAA!
it was freaking ...its all your fault...his account was hacked first...
follow me please!!
:
All the clubs in Hollywood are really slow tonight, maybe everyone is burnt out after Lure's opening last night.
yep also he's not white
You should check it out!
Beginner lessons are on Mon  Fri before the dances.
It's a great time   everyone was new once!
Ugh.
Midnight stomach pain and feeling like I'm going to puke are the worst.
Wtf.
i think people write best when they're happy but think they're writing best when they're sad.
swag swag swag on you
took the rest of the after noon off from work ; hopefully i feel ok by manana
Always have a diagnosis before you start treating the problem.
Thoughts?
nah, we're a band from Texas.
working on franchise tax mumbo jumbo for State of California right now...
And i'll be busy this saturday so....
;
Seems kind of Rube Goldbergy to me.
But it works!
Just sent out a post  hope you find someone!
A 'Bama win tonight would make the September match up with even more exciting for the wolverine faithful...
Welcoming Jodie and Pete.
THANKS for the L 3 VE
Josh is so cute:
A strong core prevents back pain and improves your balance  posture.
Try out some yoga to tone your midsection!
What kind of veggies do well in Vermont?
Happy Friday!
There has never been a better office communication system than the coffee break.
You were a total HPIC!
Booty shaking with a bunch of fine men : 
Wisconsin thanks you for your support of !
I think the Charlie Pride biopic would be more interesting in my book.
RT : Lena Horne could be great
Heading to Chicago tomorrow!
Counting the moments...whoohoo!
Try to keep busybusybusy.
I spin at Playhouse tonight!
Many are hesitant of the 12 steps and the god issue
Think that's true about any number of practical effects from the 80s and 90s.
CGI generally has much shorter shelf life.
I speak my mind and I don't censor it ...
That version.
My tears.
It is so beautiful!
:, But it ends way too fast!
Cig butts, bottle caps, styrofoam and singleuse plastic bags all have something in common: 15 min life,  plastic clogging our planet.
I love SMILE!
Great!
We'd love to have you.
Please email for info about meetings.
Enjoy your day!
Did you know you can check in at most gyms that carry KoreFit?
Try it next time you hit the gym using FourSquare!
Leave us a tip too!
Great seeing you and T.
last nightI told her the story of how your phone was the first smartphone I ever saw, circa '01.
like our chances better with Vargas.
but League has got to get untracked
Looked this morning and saw that we were 25 on the LA/OC charts for blues.
WERE ON THE FRONT PAGE!!!!
Thanks for everyones support.
...
implus soccer shoes
1 FUCKING MINUTE!
SERIOUSLY STOKED!
:D
Don't judge me, you can't handle half of what I've dealed with.
If she takes the eoc she too young for you bro ;D
Meanwhile, what to eat hmm
RT : As much as we need a prosperous economy, we also need a prosperity of kindness and decencyCaroline Kennedy
Talkin' doctorke women's basketball.
It must be a slow night.
:
thanks dear!
If you're going to do chew on the bus, fucking do it right.
God damn.
Yeah!
Haha!
How are you?
:
ItsCrazyHow She always got something to say about me but I don't know her 
Thanks so much, Scott!
Appreciate your insights...
Enjoy your weekend!
i'm sorry Penn got fired D is pretty but wtf Penn was doll good looking forward to Howard tomorrow am Rt back?
Thanks!
RT:: Happy Mother's Day!
Why the hell are we fighting about damn cats.
I'm pretty sure I never even got one!
SO, the food truck is Chef Robert's...He's in from Hollywood for the tomcruise movie.
Yeah...lights still out.
why can't you?
Listening to Rick James super freak
Selena's first tweet was sent on March 8th 2009 at 8:24PM and her first username was
'I'm not like most guys.'most guys.
Thank you u r quite an amazing woman.
I felt so hard in the USMC oooraahh RT : I respect whoever allowed women into the military.
Girl on period  gun  unstoppable.
I am the calculator.
You are the number.
Motorola Photon Q 4G LTE heading to Sprint?
IntoMobile
what's dude number again
Listening to people laugh in another room is one of the things that tortures me the most.
is signaling his intention to turn, turn, turn.
Was a great talk last night at Tampa.
Really appreciate you coming down.
Scary apps!
whats up man!
Enjoy watching you play.
Was great working w.
you at Athletes Performance.
welcome!
hope you had a great day.:
Join us tonight to watch a performance by Scrambled Eggs, Maybe Scrambled but Never Broken.
Details on www.namisandiego.org
quick session 
What's this about and who is this?
Addy winning entries from Wayne Calabrese, Julie Garland Clemeni, and our buds at the
all this to keep your fire cert active?
: Q5/Q6 I also want to know if their idea of what the job is matches what they wrote in the ad.
libchat true!
How about a breakfast sandwich for 25 off?
Sounds good doesn't it?
Show us this status or tweet now through Saturday to take advantage
Hahaha if your lifes a movie then your my favorite movie ;

Isn't it though?
Love it.
Even on mothers day, kenwood is packed.
Yuck.
did you receive our MSG?
Would love to hear your perspective on the Wall Street Front line, if that's where you are?
Had a school project and I put , , and Alex in it ;D
I have a nice time texting you .
very nice
show me the light
Psalm 10:18 defending the fatherless and the oppressed, in order that man, who is of the earth, may terrify no more.
each ship or unit has their own definition of deployment and length of time.
Just because smaller boats can't go out as long...
If they matter to you, don't make excuses...make time for them.
No accomplishment can comfort you like the people that love you.
A BIG CONGRATULATIONS to Paul Johnson, Betty Barrett, and Megan Titus!
The time suck that doctorwsomething has become...is so worth it!
Best game ever!
We are walking for childoctorn's hunger and fetal strokes.
Rain hasn't started...yet.
Searching for the reserve of energy that is going to get me through next week.
Can't wait to text my bf in the morning ;
My catholic high school just sent me an email for my birthday and called February, my feast month.
that means I eat everything in sight.
Thoughts about this whole Kayne West/ Taylor Swift controversy?
That's
Lol, nobody's gon ever question his talent, just his heart and will to win
My Dude!
DL'ing Now...
They're always sorry in the end.
Lesson: Cherish me while you have me.
To provoke laughter without joining in it greatly heightens the effect
Its acceptable and cute when babies fart...how come not when old people do it?
Hahahaha
lol, where u been at?
u missed one good ass party
: RT : If a middle finger is fuck, and a thumbs up is yea, a middle finger with your thumb out is fuck yeah....

Thanks, Mike!
Hope you had a good trip back, great to see you at the close this week!
3 hours is too long.
We can provide an oil change service in usually 20 minutes and the State Inspection in 1015 minutes.
four doctorwings.
one study.
four coats of underpainting and sanding.
hours of deliberating.
okay, adam: time to take a swing.
...but being left with the feeling that parents need to buy a pile of stuff is painful.
hey awesome!
Where?!?
Enjoying the tablets in libraries presentation from
And re : He can make sentences crackle with an intensity and humor not seen since David Foster Wallace...
Excited for the beyond Facebook and Twitter panel lead by
its just Thursday
Envious of Smash Mouth's film royalties and wracked with selfhate by their own inability to have 1 original hit, Alien Ant Farm lashes out
just looking through London pics ..
I WANT TO GO BACK!!!
Trip round 2
Magician Landan Swank makes it through to AGT Final.
Good, it won't be full of singers again.
I usually don't watch past the semifinals.
I steal 's RT's and tweets and sometimes put them on facebook...xD
April 15 we are playing at The Triple Rock!
Its for Take Covers final show....
And well be playing new songs!
God, please give me strength.
Guess I'm showing up to Monster's Arcade today.
Playstation 3 Everybody Dance at the Enrique Iglesias ft Pitbull concert was fun.
On to the next booking!
Life is way too short!
niggas is dying from bad health freak accidents and gotta worry bout these hating ass niggas tryna kill em!
Saints players looking at suspension?
Coach gone one year.
GM possible federal charges ?
doctorw Brees unsigned?
Why punish the fans?
I am ready for tomorrow.
I have a plan.
And I accept that sometimes plans change!
I am open to possibility.
Im the type of person that tries to fall back asleep in the morning just to finish a doctoram.
ARGH SWAP COUNTRIES i think so!
annd i know!!!
: man tell me bout america
U r awesome, what does that spell?...it spells u did it..u really did it, yeah...u fuin did it..u really did it...u fuin did it.
GOP Rep.
Bob Gardner says separation of powers and legislative powers at issue here, not just school funding.
I don't give a fuck about his stupid professorle picture now
congrats!!!!
Texas will miss you!
and I will have to come visit you our next trip to NYC.
Bye Bye Flyers.
Love, The Pittsburgh Penguins.
it's my favorite inbound marketing movie!
this game is doctorving me nuts!
Flying to Denver to save the day!
Awesome, felder is the man.
Just bought a bike from at namny Can't wait to bike to work tmister.
Thank you Patrick!
Everything about my bike is lovely.
did u see it!??
Whooa baby i love Tony Sparks.
You'd think after your millionth speeding ticket, you would stop speeding.
My friend Ranjan says that Hillary Clinton is perfectly understandable as a combination of Tracy Flick and Tonya Harding
As an advocate for injured workers, I hope to shed a little light on the issues in Wisconsin worker's compensation law.
not only that but he's fighting people NO ONE has ever heard of!!
If u didn't know, UFC 145 Jones vs Evans tonight 10pm east coast 7pm west coast.
Now u know!!!
Cosmo poll reveals women find men who write paragraphs about The Avengers sexually irresistible.
well...haha.
When I follow someone, I want them to follow back : lol.
But yeah..u guys r cool :
heeyyy!!
Follow me too please!!
FYI March is frozen food month and there will ridic sales at your local grocery
What u gone be on ???RT : Out south for a day or 2
this family member was able to confirm my census findings, and found out more info about my gg grandfather...
genealogy is so worthwhile..
Brenda Song hasn't strayed away from ABC...
Sorry thinking like an actor.
Melo is the difference maker  if he has a monster game, they're in it.
Anything short of that, even w/ Lin, is a loss.
Waitin On Breakfast....
I dislike zaxbys RT : Just came from there lol RT : I want some Zaxby's
Please follow me it would mean so much to me for you to follow me I look up to a lot :
It goes quite well!
I see you're in California.
Where abouts?
Niggaz starting to HATE on YOLO jus because they ain't come up with it ya'll some
Casinos are fun
: friend time is more precious.
Hm.
Should probably do this more often Lol he gets all jumpy 
MentionYourCrush and cause I can't choose only one and yolo.
Preschoolers building games on screens and playground tar as intro to computer programming.
No, I don't actually know what you're sayin,
Will you stay fit during the holidays?
Sierra Fitness certified trainers help plan your workout/celebrating mix.
Call now!
5205779000.
ah Friday.
ready for a fun and relaxing weekend.
Thank you all for your friendship  support!
cc.
InSpotter app taps into the spirit of Whatever Works for you  from the new hot spots to wellkept secrets
After NE got their appeal why shouldn't everybody else?
Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence...
Yeah that's fine randomly stop texting me back!
Shout out to one of our Awesome Clients!
Bag of CandyOffice Breakfast!
Search Bing, earn credits toward rewards.
Join Bing Rewards to get started.
You'll help me get a few bonus credits too....
Things will only change if u make it change.
Today is my Friday!
I want to shout it from the Twittersphere rooftops!
I'm talking eating gold cheerios for breakfast just to make my lunchtime poop look fancy.
in the movie magnolia they said it sometimes rains toads
Apparently there is an Australian billionaire who's going to build the Titanic II...did he not see the movie?
Super successful brainstorm with Big things coookin...
El Paso, TX doin it Big Time!
Having Big Big Name artist here!
Houston's Attractions will lead the way!
Everywhere else too!
SMG Venues!
East Coast!
Hope you're tuning in to right now for MaryMary new hit show!
Tnight on 10 Talking to the candidates of District 35's Special Election on Tues., plus your snowy Monday!
Those days when Disney Channel had :Thats so Raven , sweet life of zack and cody, And The little Mermaid.
ware those shows wernt annoying!
we're loving your blog recently.
Especially the New Years photos!
i feel like an open can of FCK this morning...
happy birthday ya cougar !!
I think its because he doesn't fit into the mold of the team.
They now have their outside the box thinking Md and cute tech girl.
I wish you health, wealth, happiness, love, serenity and peace my Twitter Friends!
I wish you every doctoram you ever doctoramed;
Thank you for this!
heweb11 was fantastic!
thanks for the luv!!!!
RT The StraightEdge Savior : Straight Edge vs Vegan.
Who you got?!
Justin I choose the shirt: Tweet  justintee2 very beautiful and swag
She let me in and never wont to let go :
me too
Rebel America lands song placement for NBC's  Super Bowl XLVI Pregame Show.
Congrats to Songwriter  Derrick Shine!
I am tired of thinking about you.
Chicago Iron Cupcake?
That sounds intense and delightful all at the same time :
Think I might change my username and my professorle picture.
I really want to sing at the top of my lungs right now, but then everyone would wake up and interrupt my alone time.
Good thing we traded Marshall for that guy pitching in the minors.
Faith Is An Act!
doctor Lester Sumisterll.
RT : The paper  forest products industry plants more than 1.7 mil trees, thats 3X more than whats harvested
When you focus on doors that have been closed, you never realize when new doors are opened for you.
No that's you multitaskin' in KW LOL!
I wanna thank you also for giving me the chance to meet u this year 2012, is ur year to shine :
You'll see what I mean, but first tell me.
What is the moment you're the most proud of?.
He said the day I saved the governor's life
Possible im about to run a meeting not sober...
Possible
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ENJOY YOUR DAY
Life is too short to stress yourself with people who don't even deserve to be an issue in your life!
Good choice.
Their team isn't quite ready to compete yet.
How about the Mets though?
Does anyone like it when it rains?
I love it!
I'm not hating!
I want Miami to win!
Realtalk RT : He isn't.
But keep hating Knicks fan.
Knicks in 9.
This Sunday is Mother's Day!
What are you doing for your mom this weekend?
Aww, sneezing pandas.
They really are cute, aren't they?
umadbro?
just wait...
just wait
Support Peace Not a Party
love you
doctorving through Fitzlandia with , Anna and Brooke.
Hello Horicon!
We make ourselves a ladder out of our vices if we trample the vices themselves underfoot.
It's time to go for broke ..., give TEBOW this season to show anything if not suck for luck ....
It's a win win !!
I was wondering the same thing...
sorry I'm taking
Hustle hard and Have Faith.
I'm always down for my fans...
no matter what.
Remember that.
LMS IF U FEEL MEH!
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
Mahatma Ghandi
God bless this beautiful country!
I walked outside early this morning, trees are in full bloom, looking at the lake, and birds are singing!
Watching TV
jeeezum what were you thinking?!?
;
digusted that I can't even listen to the game now
Playin Assassin's Creed on my Ps3
I 3 haters.
But hate critics
No I had to sell it to get some money for my crack.
Hahah yeah.
I do.
great 21st birthday gift!!
WVU WINS!!!!!!!
Omg, guess what did my bestie brought to school today?.....
Yes guys, A PILLOW!
She is crazy lol but her pillow is confy :
Yes, I remember things got particularly nasty.
just when I think i have every thing figured out I randomly happen across the video of Bruce Hornsby's Walk In the Sun and realize I don't.
War Eagle!
At chris's house c:
Roger Ebert's tweet about Ryan Dunn was inappropriate and wrong.
But he shouldn't be censored...
I wanna go out
Check the new organ in our rehearsal space.
lol forreal!
It's gon be hotter than meek mill's doctoram chaser 2!
Understandable.
There are many positive sides of going with WordPress, it's always good to have options.
Thanks for coming!
Aw thanks for the support!
Triple Crown winner Omaha lost the Wood, as did Monarchos  Funny Cide, both of whom finished 2nd but went on to win the Derby
why do i know nothing about this reunion?
i probably wouldn't go without you anyways.
Presenting at National Conference: Literacy Enhancement for Early Readers:Playful Literacy Classroom Activities
heard it was a resounding success!
congrats!!
He's moving to Miami u idiot.
Reason I need an ipad: been using 2 macbook pro computers to review grant applications all day.
1for reading 1 for note taking.
If Doug gets a new twitter handle, please tweet it out so we can refollow him.
Keep up the good work.
thanks!
Of course my nails got messed up while I as was asleep why  how
Good luck in your race today!
I wish I could be at your Pomona show tomorrow, but school won't allow me too.
Bleehhh....see you on your solo tour!
3
any time.
all the times.
rt first thing i've written for myself in way too long.
thanks for the chance to do it
Sad day...
: In 26 playoff series, this is the 1st time the Mavericks have ever been swept.
Yankees have the le....
Oh wait nevermind Nunez fucked us
thanks baby.
Ready for Sunday brunch at !
Mimosa me up!
Good to see Ron Paul is still awake.
If Broncos win,I will puke.
So since abc canceled Gcb they better pick up something good to replace it.
B/c I enjoyed that shit.
The commercials are the best part of the Superbowl.
nojoke imsexyandiknowit mm's
ispendwaytomuchmoneyon gas.
I need a bike.
WOW mule kick burpees really?
I need to look those up RT : Have now decided p90x2 NOT FOR ME!
Mule kick burpees why??
SmithRowsey: 3 charcteristics features of the smartphone interface: 1.
postmodern
Rondo is real
So sated was I by its approval.
I slightly stole her thumb's removal.
Sadly, I did not survive the spider's rendezvous.
I just wanna see you boy.
Lily picking Bart is so confusing.
She cares about Chuck so much, Bart was such a dick.
Scheming Lily, perhaps?
Enjoyed hearing CMOs of and speaking about marketing strategy at the March event.
Good work Charlie and team!
If you want good food and beer for a deal, come check us out on 11.1.11!
30th anniversary!
We're off of Fairbanks.
next time!
He wants to make additional visits.
the Louie Vutionn background.
I'll take any suggestions you have to offer.
Thank you Nationwideclass.
Tweet!
Tweet!
In need of a perm ASAP.
It's really gonna be 2 on 5 without Bosh, but I think Indy takes game 2.
Hulk vs Superman.
go ahead try and decide who would win ...
Promote your training.
If you build it they will NOT come, unless it's mandatory or compliance tng.
Consider email or video.
oh right you are here to be covered with laurels!!
cant wait June 3nd, show's gonna be crazy.
Also, I 3 the messages I get at bar close ever so much.
Sorry Gio.
Both were PKs.
Both reckless challenges.
RT : Can you guys pls comment on awful PKs against IMFC in back to back weeks?
So then you admit he really shouldn't have signed with Orioles?
The argument should be the Orioles shoulda signed him.
Facebook found new  awful way to make this marketer's life harder re: Event invites.
Any other LAThtr peeps frustrated?
Solutions?
BRICS ready to flex muscles at G20IMF meet  Outcome Magazine
fanny pack extenders are fucking brilliant.
They come with a special grease resistant lining.
My apologies Jaime.
Everything else saved except for the lineups.
It will be taken care of and ready for this evening.
tx u.
I don't do any vulgar movements.
Elvis Presley
Me too!
My daughter and I love their chocolate bars w/the crispy rice.
Yum!
watchin Mavs Celebration Parade, checkin' out my boyz  doin' their thing...AWESOME JOB thumbs up/clap clap clap
if we both got out of work before 5pm we could go adventure at the beach
My inbox knows I am waiting for an important email.
It is taunting me with an abnormal amount of spam.
it's always a pleasure when i visit, thanks for being awesome!
WeWontWorkOut if you won't go rabbit hunting with me
Cam Newton looks like the real deal
yes.you.should yeaya
done w/ college??
that's a scary thought.
Damn, i would totally go see in indianapolis if i was old enough to get into a bar.
FuckAge!
newspaces4learning It might help the matrix become more real
Indicate the time and place where we shall duel, good suh.
good morning :
We would love to have you back!
Call the store at 512 2368645 to make sure your credit is still in the system.
I'm all for the Sabres dealing Derek Roy, but unless you're getting a center back in the deal, it's counterproductive.
BTW I need to bring you some Resurrection in a can.
happy birthday to Jesus!!
Do you have the time?
Do you need the time?
Well come on in  20 OFF ALL WATCHES AT STUFF!
Rest In Peace
Its a Fast Times night
This makes me one happy camper.
: Gracias!
RT : made about 2 dozen too many  bringing cookies to work/class :
I feel SO horrible right now
You're welcome Katrina!
Have a good day!
working on a presentation, graphics are not my strong point.....
can I join you
WorstFeeling is when I'm out of Paint!
I Love creating Art!
That awkward moment when u start telling a story  you realize no one's listening, so u slowly fade out  pretend you never said anything.
At a local coffee shop where two 8ish yr old girls are flipping through LA's gay rags while discussing kittens.
Head on over to for lunch today!
allyoucaneat buffet for just 9.95/FL residents!
701 Washington Ave.
on SoBe.
Good girl gone bad..
I can't blame you.
Can't wait to have you stay with us!
Will this be your first trip to San Diego?
not at this point.
We are still working on expanding international distribution.
Komaki and Great Wall are the closest to you.
popcorn.js Virtual tour release to come soon!
You mad?
Lol RT  So I Be Mentioning Yall Hoes  Yall Too Good To Respond Back?
Oo Kick Rocks...
Makin goals just for fun!
That's what a youth just spit during the open mic.
Nice.
Is that a pimp?
After 12 hours of work I'm finally at my 3rd home.
:P Watching Twilight with Cory's parents :
Who wants 2 B on my radio show?
It's about all things SelfEsteem.
National radio show.
Attention selfesteem advocates  I'm coming 4 U!
Lol.
Psh, I'll pass on that.
Just gotta survive the summer.
I'll still have like 6 wks.
off w/o school.
So that's still something.
Getting my hair done always just makes me feel better, even though I hate sitting in that chair!
Have Pandora Music Radio going, and playing Mindjolt Games.
this is going all night.
I KNOW YOUR CREEPING!
FOLLOW ME!
:
loved the message from this morning!!
Hearts Wide Open, its time to get out and show compassion to our circle of influence!
:
UFC fight Sat., Nov.
21, on zillions of highdef screens.
C'mon down!
5 cover  tons of doctornk specials.
You should rape my follow button and help me get to 800 followers while I get in your bed.
Deal?
well if you insist....
John Wall dance bc EVERY1 did it, unibrow, 3 goggles bc it's lasted 2 years now, then Jorts
It is 7 pm still at the doctors office not bad only 3 hours sofar.
It sounds like fun, I'll def try to make it!
And I'll see you tomorrow FOR SURE!
:

Where my boo at?
Right here
close the highway because Obama is coming?
Orioles JJ Hardy  Markakis hit back to back home runs twice in the last two games!
O's HR's  baseball interesting.
When youre going around with a big logo on your shirt, you risk looking like a walking billboard.
Lose the lame Logo shirt and go for...
EVERYONE HAVING A GOOD NIGHT?
It's funny when people get on twitter trying to regulate shit and they don't know what they're talking about...
relax your limbs.
I am goodand you???
got a few events comin uplets talk soon!
A huge percent of gay men in school grounds molest boys, partly because they dont have AIDS yet ???!!!!
America is founded on the principle of freedom, justice, and liberty for all.
Our nation's soldiers serve every day to protect our country.
Travelin' Man!
Have A Lot Of Homework....
I hate Math!
D:
Urgh so lucky!
I wish I can get tan but I can't b/c I have fare skin and is so easily to get sunburned.:
Heading to a same day audition with at least three medical terms I didn't know preGoogling.
there arent a lot of people playing?
are there?
I hope everyone has a great Christmas!
So easy to get caught up in the hustle this time of year.
thank you S!!
That's so kind of you.
I hope we'll stay in good email touch :
know12 You don't get old in the CIO job.
Don't get a lot of time.
Have to get off the beach; can't stay where we are.
Unsafe either way
have seen it at a few places in Buffalo.next time I am there I will pick you up some..pretty odd.
refreshing.
Like a shandy
good afternoon soilders!
let's get hastag crazy huh?
c;
When you are not getting the results you want, stop focusing on the tasks..focus on the expectation/the value underpinning...
Keeping a smile on my face.
Mac's are just more fun!
Even when they've outlived their prime service, I keep them around as pieces of art
MERCY!
It is 80 inside the house.
Don't worry, I'll stop whining about the heat by September.
Why would someone turn the heater on when it's 8090 degrees?
RT Tonight is the night for sosaveme  Ichthus Festival 2011!!!
Come see us tonight 8:45PM!!!!
I think I see political views and language views match in terms of their generosity of spirit, but I haven't studied it.
Please share your internships with www.hrjobboard.com for our future HR professorssionals.
After looking like the '99 Badgers in the first half, USF looks like the Running Rebels circa 1990.
Vocals are good, awesome guitar playing btw!
I love your song What I Strive For 33
great, thank you Liam
Thanks Bianca!
Did you herbal chance to read the first two on Roquefort and St.
Nectaire?
Meet me by the lake at 10
what up broski?!
app RT:: New to the world of the iPhone.
there any iPhone apps I should download to aid in all my SGP desires?
D.
None of the above
I understood nothing repeat
someone.
should text me
S/O to at the 2012 white house correspondents' dinner.
Tough to be funny in a room full of ppl like that..Why is Kim k there..
Playin slide on my Dobro!
Little Red Rooster
Support my man Romany in Thinklikeaman!
His good work shows!
Whatever my artist want to do, we can do it.
It's nothing.
lol remember fool ass thought you was a cool ass
Next year: Neuvirth and Holtby, just as it seemed it would be July 1.
I'm good mate : hey mate jus chillin doctornkin red wine.
How r u?
EVERYONE Go to www.dylanseeger.com!
Buy Everybody Steals for only 0.99 on iTunes!

Yeah i said it!?
Na who gon pop me!?
Pop I just did na
I would read the shit out of that.
But seriously vote for him!
He is falling behind!
good game last night my guy..good to have u back in da city
gratefultweet: For the faculty member who emailed to wish me Happy
Change is the essence of life; be willing to surrender who you are for what you could become
Don't torture yourself over the past.
Use it as a teacher.
Because whatever happened to you in the past, has only prepared you for now
Badgers will host Spartans on Oct.
27.
The Homecoming game will start at 2:30 p.m.
and be televised nationally by ABC.
Centennial is confused.
Day of Silence is not until Friday.
Good for me, because less people are being irritating haha.
and never notice me, argh!:
word up that's what's up!
Thanks fam
haha it okay Daniel : !
Cheer Up and go like www.facebook.com/ParadiseFearsIndiana :
I wanted to stay, and hang a jungle hammock for a home........no other world exists, when I am in that sabal covered realm.
omw to work and telln my friend about the game last night..
she jus told me to calm down cuz im gettn heated jus talkn bout it!
Sorry about that.
For Lion you need 1.1.7 or higher.
My Twitter background 3
Cold this morning with a hot evening.
Thunderstorms, hail, and tornadoes in between.
I guess spring is officially here?
I'm tweeting 13.1 LA Half Marathon and Karhu 5K times for Crispin Lazarit in real time on race day.
Courtesy of US Road Sports  Entertainme
Poised Creation strives to keep artists in their most authentic mindset!
Oh what a night...
I know haha:
Cut off at dinner by mom after 4 miller lites.
Crazy Saturday.
FREE BIRTHDAY PARTIES available every Friday!
Text 414.335.9569 to book!
Cover, Wristband, Table, and Champagne all included!
If you.
Knew that I.need you.why.would u.just up and leave
That's what I hear too.
We like smart babies!
:D
I guess the Fat Toad has croaked.
That was Steinbrenners pet name for Hideki Irabu!
That shit it funny!
Deboo and Craig in that Coors Light commerical
You really gonna argue with me over the internet??
What you gonna do...
Put a CAP LOCK in my ass
Fair enough...
are you all switching away from lync?
Oh no, what happened!?
some wings would be good...
But I ask a question  give out MY opinion and I'm fake?!
Oh ok.
Group of kids crossin the street in front of my car at a red light dwntwn started dancin to the StrangeClouds I'm bumping.
finna take a walk
Great convos at Houston Corporate Ediscovery Forum, Judges panel discussed sources vs custodian, time to change terms?
ediscovery BM
Yay for May but you should come to NYC!!!!
Friday night was fantastic, Saturday was freakin' awesome!
Now what about Sunday?
Hm
My man and I got massages last night.
At 9pm.
Any type of massage after 7pm should be considered
Watching doctorft just give me the facts dont editorialize or grade em wont know that till 2013
Is you is here in NYC?
Fun!
:
This nigga goin in at the Ref's
: Listening to close out an awesome IDEA10
I got the dirty stare from a coworker when he asked where my usual book was and I waved my ipod.
I think he sneered  ebook
that seems like a major hazard
Aw poor love 3
RT : Happiest of birthdays, !
wiunion sends its love!
so does !
Enjoy your day!
Go look in the spot you think it is, then tell us if you find it!
You say you Pregnet?
That ain't mine, I wrapped it that's how I know you lying Askin all them questions askin all them questions
This was one of my favorite quotes from RT: : We're not all born tweeters.
MusEdTech
I've never opened up to anyone
Thank god the boss is out of town cause today simply isn't going well.
RT FOLLOWERS CHECK OUT THE REAL DMONEY NO COUNTERFEIT MIXTAPE ON
Just unlocked 's official twitter troll badge.
Or man, whatever, I don't discrminate...
Hell they could date eachother for all I care ; CC:
Know what u want  what u want 2 pay.
Nothing wrong with purchasing processed human hair  its all a matter of preference and your budget.
Congrats.
You've worked very hard.
If you cant explain it simply, you dont understand it well enough.
Albert Einstein
I like the new name Barb!
by him pulling me over n showing me his badge lol
IUPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!!
: SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!!
: EAR EAGLE!!!
:
Seton Hall for sure...
It was our year last year, it just wasn't meant to be this year
Thanks for responding!
I wasn't complaining : I figured it was my dinosaur of a computer being cranky.
It went through today.
There's a fine line between passion and obsession.
Successful people are passionate, but unsuccessful people call them obsessed.
RIP, Dick Clark.
cant do the 30 day challenge
New holiday sweets menu page up on our website at www.bakerbabes.com.
When reading Blake a story, he asked me to pause it while he got a doctornk of water.
Then he returned  said I could unpause it now!
First Cup: Wednesday: Wade and LeBron are no doubt two of the best players in the world, but the Heat are at the top of the list of c...
Margaret DoneganRyan, marathon runner!
ONLINE talk with me
have an idea, or want to learn new strategies for you existing business  We are available!
Free business counseling is also available!
This is our first tweet!
Thank you for helping us out!
The Supermoon is shining bright right now.
Check it out!
please 3 it would mean alot :
You might feel worthless to one person, but you are priceless to another.
Don't ever forget your value.
hell yeah the soccer player !
He's fucking HOT wtf haha
Cardinals doctorft who cares with the 13th pick in the
you missed the funny part!
omg, i was like dying hahaha
BEIDHWINDJ YOU ARE SO LUCKY
LOL!
I brought my laptop so I can index.
Maybe it will keep me out of too much trouble.
Congrats Nupes!
R u there?
The time we spend is more valuable than any price you can try to attach to it.
If you are abusing the phrase, It's NEXT LEVEL shit man.
Stop it.
Especially if you are talking about burgers.
Passion can win.
If you understood anything beyond the level of sophistry you would see: disagreementsreal oppositions requiring resolution
I like U , but I can't Love U
: Los Angeles Film Festival Day 3.
Ass kissing will get you nowhere.
Save your speal for somebody who cares.
no really it's boring sometimes since I already know most of it but now I'm in honors biology and I like this class :
with baded breath, on pins and needles, and underwear that needs changing....
heck no.
Too many bad stories.
OMG.
Emily Lacy just performed Edith Piaf's No Regrets in my office as a bday surprise from Exquisite  unforgettable.
I am playing my Warwick Corvette/5 and its tone is SUPER!..strung with Dean Markley/Randy Jackson Alchemy gold strings..sweet!..BIG tone
I have become Too Much Coffee Woman twitch
Let's all go and kick someone..
Start of your 2012 by adopting a loving companion from the VS shelter in rochester..
Help us find them a happy forever home!
Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does
Craig Counsell: Rally starter
Watching this boys's life !
Great movie !
Seems really obvious that it'll be Quinn.
I don't know if I want it to be Robin.
Sent you a DM on how to contact us a lil while ago.
Congrats on winning.
Joline Blais: digital culture is trying to repair connections that were lost when Westerners disconnected from earth, family
I hear you guys are going to be at in Carle Place
Thanks, we do what we can!
However, to quote my coworker Eric Hill, I'm sure the ways of most vanguards are questioned early on.
idoctortherHave Facebook dissapear so I can go back to selling binoculars
I was like that until a few months ago.
I could live without it if I wanted to, but I like reading scores on TVs at bars.
future comedian right here wuddup 
When you set out to be original, be prepared to be copied.
how do you say you pray so much but keep getting The same results?
Sleeping before midnight!
A man growing old becomes a child again.
Sophocles
that's impressive.
RT : Down to a 4 hour game.
Quick game.
We can only hope for extra innings...
if i could change one thing about myself my life would be near perfect
I have the clean cut, no tattoo look that will NEVER go out of style
Congrats to my hubby on getting his new job!!!!
hey doctornks, stop tagging me
s/o to the mfs that hate on relationships : .
.
.
R U MAD?
yeah, and college, and a job, and a car, and 8 weeks of vacation, and cool clothes, and...
Is playing defense now illegal in the NFL?
That type of hit was a Ronnie Lott special back in the day.
Looking for ideas from other business owners who have made a difference by donating to their local community.
What is the best way to help?
MON  THE SMILING MOOSE  HAPPY HOUR!
1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/MICRO BEERS, 2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, 1 OFF ALL OTHER doctorNKS From 57pm!
GET HERE!
Any nigga name Ike or Chris is automatically a woman beater by default
And so has my childhood...sigh.
: Adam Yauch of the Beatsie Boys has died at the age of 47.
My pleasure!
;
good catch, looks like it is just for billing clarity.
You're supporting rushlimbaugh???
You have a health therapy for women, yet will allow rush to call us whores?
Wait I say on the Lord, wait I say on the Lord, trials may come and they might may me strong, that's why I'll wait, I'll wait, I'll wait
Subaru has a College Grad Program for new, young car buyers.
Find out more by calling us at 8507854372.
jk i like you
Whatever we plant in our subconscious mind and nourish with repetition and emotion will one day become a reality.
Earl Nightingale
HAHA good one
Dixon Cider?
Meeting any of the Repugs should be enough to piss anyone off.
Anyone with any decency that is....
CACHE coordinates are now LIVE!!
ARE YOU READY TO SEARCH AND WIN?!?!?
Things are bumping here, our fans are hearty!
A little rain doesn't scare them away
Going Back to Tampa :
A maskedball?
How awesome!
Man, I'd love to attend one, hoping a masked man doctorssed in red would show up ;
Everyone needs to stop hating on 8 flavas...
8 Frenchman Street  New Orleans, LA
think i got it.
ha yeah that was me.
How's your day going?
my phone works great.
Way faster!
I've heard some folks are having issues though
Whoa, just complaining about the time, not the food.
The pancakes were DELICIOUS.
I had like, five.
Plus sausage links.
alrightt....
then.
OMG I LOVE YOUR ICON
Crunching 12 new demo songs down and deciding which ones will make the cut for my 3rd single due out this summer.
Like, zoinks scoob!
Whats up L.A.?
Would you like the opportunity to attend one of the biggest movie premieres of the year?
RSVP to battl
The commanding British officer who surrendered at St.
John's in Canada, Major Preston, has arrived in Philadelphia as a prisoner of war.
You don't got a Willie, you don't get the silly!
Who Is Ready for Tomorrow night ?
taking over for a great house music night !!
Make your reservations today !
tweet tweet
OMG such a hard choice !!!!!!!!!
Umm i cant pick between them..
Thanks!
Do they do that on Twitter?
please follow me!
i love you so much!
3 i'm YOUR BIGGEST FAN!
I'M NOT GONNA STOP TIL HE FOLLLOWSSS!
333333!
i guess its okay
nope, pink.
iT Wasn't Even Serious 
Would you rather have a Hawai'ian punch?
Surprisingly mister s are quite comfortable and it would be real easy to sleep in one
Oh shit, I totally forgot about Twitter.
There's always somebody saying you can't do it, and those people have to be ignored.Bill Cartwright
Yes, but if we don't addoctorss health disparities at a structural level in HIT, we will recreate them.
Everybody ain't loyal, and fake heaux are at an alltime high this season.
I guess he wants to pay for it with his personal fortune.
Right?
Sorry  that must be so frustrating!
Please email supportwebgreekcom or call 1888WISEOWL  let's fix it
I love the doctorvein :
Bill Pullman.
AllTimeFavoriteActor.
Just behind that is.
clears throat Would you like to escort me on your arm to tonight's RP Awards?
No one else is goodlooking enough for me.
To quote my teacher Tom Monte: Practice the absence of fear and learn how to receive love
Who will win the Super Bowl XLVI?
Just like everything I've known, you disappeared one day.
So I'll spend my whole life hiding my heart away.
oh wow
He doesn't text me though goodnight babegoodmorning beautiful text anymore/:
Friends who embarrass you the most are the ones you love the most
Congrats to ChristopherGrant, author of Teenie for a great book reading and signing last night at
Your the perfect husband for me 3.
i seriously can't wait for summer 3 hopefully going to Texas and Kansas :
i do find the term friend inaccurate and misleadlingeven associate doesn't seem more apropo
Just started The Adventures of Augie March by Saul Bellow.
How did I never read this before?
very good.
Has comedic parts as well as a good baseball movie.
I am also biased as an A's fan.
Wow.
Secret Service guys did NOT like the joke about getting them home for their new curfew.
Oh you unfollowed me on twitter?
How cruel of you
Even better, I didn't even know about that one.
You.
Are.
A.
Goofball.
doctorve safe, sweets.
No Turnpike rage or texting.
You are too cute!
Big hugs.
I am good
The first section of today's podcast is a bit of a rambly mess, I think.
It was 5am and I barely remember doing it.
Not editing a thing.
Life changing TV that should be trending
Sorry to hear that.
R.I.P., Donald Duck Dunn.
Christ loving me washes human reasoning down the doctorin.
she was grounded cuz she left the house after fighting w/ mom n was gone 4 over an hour and my dad was freaking out..
Amazing day in startupville.
Morning networking and corp org stuff, lunch w/partner, afternoon product dev, evening live user testing.
Whew!
OK, we'll pick another , ready....
The TeaParty failure to rally behind one candidate has shown what a failure they're going to be in November.
where did your coach win his title?
Has he won one since?
Smh.
You fail.
Make sure to follow Steve and Jesse on Instagram!
and
Thanks.
I'm here, just had to take care of medical crap for a while.
Sucked a lot of energy.
You just can't leave Ron Artest alone!
Lmfaooo.
Yall THOUGHT he wasn't bringing that elbow back
what language is this guy speaking in???
hum D
round 2 would have already started between celtics and sixers before nuggets lakers play game 7 sat.
night.
hiliarous.
What's it made of?
Your mom's chest hair.
Lol, perfect timing in Spanish class.
yea , but ima need help i aint got time for all that weak shit
Why does the TABC make it throwing an event so difficult?
Guess I need to talk to an expert.
Wrote an awesome little bluegrass tune w/ and today.
Did it for the KY......
To serve patrons well, have to commit to analysis  knowing what happens now key to improving process for better patron experience
I do Stay Beautiful  instead of Stay Beautiful Okay.

seems like you need 'the' song to go with that picture.
Can I just say, the Thriftway on Vashon is quite impressive.
Found products there I've never found anywhere in Seattle.
Flory doctorves through the Lincoln Tunnel at night with no injuries!
Hear her speak at 2:15 today Maybe some good stories?!?
what time is it at?
RT : Obama's lies breed like rabbits.
I dig.
Good luck!
no valentine :/ forever alone.
Haha
don't doubt yourself, girly!
Best of luck : I've been good, aside from my bruises and shizzzzz.
:P I need to stop fighting ij
New record, first off the album, out monday..
cuz i was bad lml jk cuz i didnt clean my room cuz i wanted to b on the computer
well stay where you are and rot ya stuck up bitch m/ just kidding aleah i love you
: Logosquiz is the most addicting app.
Brain Teaser.
Check it out in the App store.
CHALLENGE ACCEPTED
I just saw quihara
I said don't wear white socks w.
blk shoes  And don't wear black sox w/ white shoes either.
a masters?
pretty sweet.
Is it for anthropology or have you moved on to other pastures?
playing your fit kinect  much more fun than zumba.
u know it!!!
Of course.
But still working out his contract.
Talking about God is easy, having faith is hard.
People like us are not given an education.
We have to snatch it.
Watch at Noon today on WPWR.
What a busy day!!!
Company ins and candidates around every corner!
Come down this afternoon and enjoy 3 taps from 5 till close..Dont forget about our half of apps till 7:22!!!
been doctorined all day from killin legs poorlittleguys :'
Looking forward to it!: RT: : Get Ready  new report on Teens, Smartphones and Texting out at noon on Monday.
oh hell yeah bro i'm gonna be an animal during misterHighway xD
Enter the Turkey Coma lol.
Oh, I agree.
I'm just pointing out that Ozzie hasn't been going by the book with him.
the other dude isn't terribly inspiring either
It's official  I will not be presenting at phptek this year
my english professorssor said everyone walking on this earth is one law suit away from being rich one of the realest message i've learn from him
I know im late but Dwayne Wade is a bitch, breakin Kobes nose n shit
HAPPY THANKS TO OUR PATRONS for coming out and supporting TWB at NocheLatina.
Hope you enjoyed the pasion on stage, despite any cheese.
hey their
so aggravated!
check out our new website www.wesofreshrecords.com
Thanks for organizing Holocaust Remembrance events.
Would love to see photos!
have you created your happy ending yet?
CastleVille
red goes faster
I wonder if Chris Resop knows he is a shithead
Good morning : Now time to get ready for school .
letting mister ronnie radke serenade me to sleep :
I love getting doctorssed up:
Woke up late Shit
There's a lot of people in this world who spend so much time watching their health that they haven't the time to enjoy it
Happy Monday!!
Ease into your work week with Happy Hour at Enoteca Style.
4 Red, White, and Sparkling 36pm!
HE WAS TRYING TO KILL US!!!
Gettin' a little hair of the dog with your hangover breakfast?!
Cars are ready and waiting for you!!
: nw Cool Runnings LOVE that movie!!
and now, a virtual one.
..
Lol.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW 1
Hey travel friends: were adding to the team!
Looking for an AE in
Incredible game!
Homosexuality is found in over 450 species; homophobia is only found in 1.
Which seems unnatural now?
follow back ?
: x
Got grounded this morning.
D: Not okay.
Anywhoo, Cj's tomorrow  Poody' tomorrow night  Sunday.
Jack's on Wensday.
Iloveyouallll, 3
Headed to DC for America's Summit on National Parks!
Let's do this!
Counting ppl to see which paragraph you'll have to read out loud in class .
NeverBe afraid to be yourself

there are some big pros to doctorid, but I find the iOS to be more simplistic  intuitive.
What's the smoking laws here in texas?
I know.
She abandoned her Volkswagen Beetle like so much trash.
all this money that has been raised can u find a cure already!!
new tools to help this disease is not good enough..do better..thanks!
Long hike in Mission Trails Regional Park.
I've earned my brunch and afternoon pint!
At the Bourgeois Pig Cafe having some VERY tasty desserts, registering for baby gear and doctornking a LOT of caffeine!
Ryan Leaf thinks the Redskins made a good deal moving up to
give a follow
we forgive you MetaCPAN
happy b day:
WhenAustin does those little pointless keeks, that we all just adore 3
Lovin tess, goose island, beer dinner, chef minervas food pairings are fantastic.
Thanks for the FF shout out!
Cheers!
Oh god oh god I just died...Madonna singing like a prayer....fucking AwESOME!!!!!!
I Love The Shit Out Of Scarface !!!!
RT Seriously.
If you like a show, you probably shouldn't get me interested 'coz I'm a death knell to shows.
// meet the press
big game tonight boys!
hello nick!
On the road to dallas!
of course, I'd love to be snookie's twin!
RIP Junior Seau
Well look at us here with a fancy twitter and all that...watch this old 140 character box for news, trip updates and other schralping stuff.
Happy Valentine's Day!
Man...
Mitt Romney sounds like an idiot...
Who is buying his emotionless plea?
What a horrible speech
Beautiful night!
Just grilled shrimp and enjoying a fabu caprese salad with some red wine.
YUMMY!
please follow me ..
3
I'm estimating that 510 of people on WeFollow are nearly spam  not quite spam but not quite ontopic.
In honor of mother's day, Johnson of the Astros called the 1st base ump a mother fucker after striking out.
What a classy guy
I guess they don't call it the Big Easy for nothin...
people are so slow returning calls and emails!
peeplez are very difficult to train somethingz tho.
huff
thank you!
That is so sweet!
finally got what adele was saying in the song,so sad
does anyone want me to do a live chat?
i got nothing to do today cuz im not going to school lol :
Sorry to disappoint!
What goes around comes around like a hola hoop, karma is a bitch?
Well make sure that bitch is beautiful
PICTURES PLEASE
Snow day  4.
Last night was way too wild
yes ma'am I am lol
speaking as a father..
Honduras....NO !!
Bike ride today haha.
It fucking boils my fucking blood.
Saying goodbye to the Rocky Mountain News.
It almost made 150 years  I will miss its conservative columnists
One day you'll realize how insignificant your problems are.
lol no, I'm not.
Last week of July and first week of August I'll be down there!
took the bar exam the summer of the first championship.
it's a miracle i made it with a working liver, much less a law license
thanks for the blackout/hangover.
can i get a follow bak : please
Hope many were registered.
RT VotingWorks' photos from the Voter Registration doctorve event last month!!!!
how many points is nrudzicz worth assuming best placement
Man I wish and I were in Albuquerque right now!
Go UW  CU!
Once Mindless, ALWAYS Mindless:
RT : The stories  characs are already there.
We as artists are here to give them life.
I believe we're going to be seeing a lot more dumb tweets like that now that has joined the twitterverse
People say the most stupidest things ever!!
Smh
EXCEPT Kim K,Pamela Anderson, and Ice T wife CoCo lol
Okay...
That you find it necessary to throw stones STILL is THE disturbing thing!
It's gonna be great!
RT PSq and ID, get ready for a new, open public space at King St Station!
Opens today
i know you will always love Greg but I say NO!!!!!.
On to BIGGER and BETTER things in LIFE.
Workoutshop, workoutgo to work, workoutparty....don't forget to workout during the holidays!
Love all you workout tweeps out there!
lol!!
Damn, i hate onions as well, the smell alone is enough to chase me away!
Mornin World ..remember Everything that glitters ain't always gold,no no!
besides which!
Christopher and I both lived with prior partners, moved out and live together very happily now.
spring is poppin.
so are my allergies.
girrrll I work so hard for you from 9 to 5 so you can have the finer things in life, but you're the type to never be satisfied.
oh girl
All this perfume on BART totally masks the smell of vomit and angry middle class commute
Nope!
RT i really think im the only person in the world that hates macs....
Calling it a night.
I love WarmNights listening to Bluegrass on my iPod and BullFrogs on the Lake.
Blessed...
Good night and God bless.
I recommend more smartass and less filter: you're AWESOME!!
x
Construction begins on new East Baltimore Housing Complex
you've never seen before?
Shy, not one of my qualities.
Lol.
Thank you doll!
Please lift my daughter up in prayer.
Ok, just nearly hit by AYC 7194 georgia fayette doctorver's license plate doctorving normal speeds on city street.
Then he tried to flee scene.
yes a lot of mail Justin : and your not weird just special :
TYVM for RT Tweet: .ClearChannel syndicates LimpBaugh  wait for it...owned by BAIN phone
Had a blast over the weekend!
Thanks everyone who came out and supported us!
makes total sense.
Yeah, we've seen it used by a lot of ecommerce sites for good but bloggers seem to find interesting uses too.
Taking home some fancy cookies from the board meeting.
Gotta feed the kids!
bigger jew
it's funny how I'm good at giving advice to others, but when it comes to helping myself, I don't know what to do.
I read the review on plugged in, and you are pretty much correct : why?
Carving pumpkins, then paranormal activity 3.
Fun fall day :
I really am trying to look on the bright side of this ..
That feeling when you realize you didn't do something in your article, and get called out for it.
:
No problem!!
: D
Come ON Blues.
Kick it in high gear.
I guess nobody's job is safe.
RT World's most powerful laser fired

Obsessed with Michael Kors It's a problem too bad im the one who has to buy it all :' smh
That's good feedback.
I think a 101 is definitely in order :
Yoga has an amazing effect to my body and mind.
Stay fly
But their kids....lol keep them xD
Sending you lots of healing love!
Will do lol and send me some K as well and more users
says more than 2/3 of surveyed organizations would prefer a single backup application for both physical and virtual environments
HAPPY THANKSGIVING
Ughh just another stupid boreing day of High School...
:/
sorry to disappoint.
There's always next years nat'l cleave day.
Something to look forward to at least
The Amanda Show
This headache is preventing me from going to sleep 
I hope u don't make kids cry again when u get there
Hi, Daisy!
It was so much fun seeing you talk on Saturday!
I'm so glad we met!
Yay for book soul sisters!
NBA to start on christmas......who cares, the packers play that day
Love you too!
You do so much for others.
I LOVE your heart!
Damm lost all my numbers
starting fresh???
Meaning you're moving???
I'm just saying she has a boyfriend and she's hanging out w/ the guy I like.
I'm not...its just...someone get me a machete.
hey, if you have any time at SXSW we should meet up.
Going to be working on charity event stuff today.
Looking for corporate sponsors.
Want to make the event even better this year!
yes!
I liked it : You should check out The Paris Wife by Paula McLain.
The protagonist is Hemingway's first wife.
So who wants to win a Free Dell Laptop?
Were still looking for many to enter into the contest......Respond to this post to get entered in
Cool story Bro.
Tell it again
Each of your landing pages should have a secondary popup window for upsales increased professorts!
Does anyone know any funny videos on YouTube?
I'm bored '
Will do
yeah that's bad glad u r ok !
Karma will come back to them u get what u put out !
Thanks to show last night I got a new gorgeous and amazing girlfriend 3
07/01/2011  BUY Little MANCAVE Playhouse tickets
When brings me food.
So don't be sad.
I probably wont meet him either
Sorry.
I thought I had already put in my 2 weeks' notice.
I have asked 4 people at HRW since February for me to meet w/ Libya militias as a fighter to convince them to stop
Too much rum?
;
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
doctor Suess
People are so flaky.
It's annoying like you made plans with me follow thru.
RT Im the worst at sticking to an exercise plan if any of you followers can't tell.
Lol
What a great game by King Walk Nakamura
I love them, very SECchic.
What do you think?
but online policies will be helpful in curtailing things that could hurt them.
Tell me you can see the light of dawn is breaking.
bang a celebrity.
Jk...
Good question!
I'll have to think about that one
Disenfranchised Dads, at lulu.com; READ IT!
120Bil.
Will never be collected!
Find out why!Men who can't care for self!
I'm so glad you donated money to save the land around the Hollywood sign!
I'm just really curious how the Canucks plan to keep the cup from the kings?
Burning down LA?
Again if I gain 30 followers by the time I go to bed tonight I will wear Minnie mouse ears to school ;
Really need to register for both NEA and NEHA fall meetings.
Side note for Boston kids: NEHA is at Emmanuel this year!
Underway in the 2nd!!
thingsblackparentssay I am 100 sure he is the father, maury!!!!
Moreno wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Hey RockStar, don't let that match get u down.
Your still 1, you got this vika looks like a call from gmom is in order
So, I took all of 's money at poker and he 86'd me from till Memorial Day.
I think he got the last laugh.
Too much on my plate so I am resolved to not make any New Year resolutions...just kidding how about you?
me too : haha
alright I guess we can take that great season barca
This type of game will doctorve a guy to doctornk.
My freshman year of college will forever be defined as the time i had pink hair.
Ah yes, such a modern and flattering ensemble.
:
I feel like death.
I have to get my Vitamin C on and hopefully feel better.
I think sleeping just kind of kills me when I'm sick.
Just found an original Coyotes jersey with the awful mid west motif and ugly coyote with half goalie mask on craigslist for 20.
Engleder shoots to World Cup 50m Rifle 3P title
Indeed I am!
Hoping to get the screens burned in time to start pulling some ink next weekend.
Darn you, Twitter and your spoilery trending topics!
Missing you at Taste WA this year.
Shayn's here :
do you think your journey to health and healing is by addoctorssing those things?
Aoki with first Home Run for Brewers inside the park.
Good question!
RT :  Talk with your kidsDo you usually spend money as soon as you get it?
Why
Shoots Wide!!
RT: I'm surprised can get any practice in because he's too busy staring at his reflection in the glass
ha it is
Hey Guys!!!
Dont be bored Something special Is coming so watch out for the new products/items to be bid on soon...
See yah!!!
Just texted friend that I had to wait for Dave.
Autocorrect changed to I have to wag.
For Dave.
I already texted you, but why not tweet it too?
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY.
I love you.
Forget bestofseven, the NBA Playoffs will be decided by survival of the fittest
I am living my life very courageously nowBAMM.
Morning peeps!
I'm putting together a team to move boxes b4 Race for the Cure THIS SAT at 5:30 am!
DM me if you can help!
Ah.
Do I have to come North and help you fight the monster away?
Why didnt bgc prevent the audience from saying shit?
They could have gotten you in a lot of trouble.
Funny that people would rather go out of there way to hit the handicap door button than just open the door.

: take redesign seriously  more than add n stir  need to ferment for 10 days like a grape brick.
Working over night tonight to try and get things to where they need to be...
I don't get paid enough for this.
Sorry to say that The Bill Blagg Magic Show on Saturday March 5.
has been CANCELED.
Reverse Happy Hr 9close...
2 off all alcohol  small plates.
Smitty, Robert  Lori need doctornking friends!
Granny's Nook boycott 
: well that's no good!
Do you love this shit?
Are you high right now?
Do you ever get nervous?
3
Shhieeeet chilling with my momma!
Lol you?
I'll be  the Gotham Comedy Club tonight  8pm.
Unfortunately nothing will be getting dumped on Ryan Seacrest while I'm there.
Happy birthday to the Madison Square Garden Killer, the G.O.A.T, Michael Jordan...
Retired one year before I saw my first game.
take me with you.
i think basket ball goin to be in my future..
Coming home at 1130 on a school night...
Probably gonna be in trouble in the morning with mom but who cares!
It will never happen again 
Let's go !
Make this Texas boy's late night worth it!
Love is like a bar of soap once you think you got it it slips away
I'm putting it in my thoughts !
I'm at a doctors office in the waiting room and has me dying laughing.
ANYONE?
MAGICIAN?
ABQ area.
Want to hire for Trade Show, Sept 14, Hard Rock Casino.
Reply if interested.
Disappearing Water Act a must!
Tolerance.
Sounds so easy when in fact it is so difficult!
RT : Rural sourcing: Instead of outsourcing jobs to another country, move them to rural areas where cost of living is less....
L.O.L!!!
That one was for you!!
Thanks for the shout out!
We love you guys!
What type of connections r u making on www.knowledgesafari.com
anytime!
back at you.
thanks!
you kick ass.
Agreed.
Try being a meteorologist with people like that.
I sat in traffic this morning and my inner child wants to know if we're there yet.
thank you!
I LOVE them!
yea you got a pretty face but.
.
.
packers laid the biggest egg I've ever seen
I know I'll be watching!
:
Or we should start a cloning program of Burkes  sprinkle them across the country!
Join us for Meatballs  Martinis at Anthony's Runway 84 tonight from 6:309:00 PM Complimentary Shoe Shines, Meatballs, and Fresh Mozz!
Thanks my man, hope all is well with you and yours!
Where u at?
How is it?
Feature on 's Last Day at Lambeau is almost in the can.
See it Sunday night on at 9:00pm.
It's really good !
I'm sick as a dog
well.
Okay then!
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Critical Thinking: RT : Does our son have a network of caring adults?
Blunt of purp
Ah hah.
Tried that before, don't know why it worked today.
: Thanks for your help!
Good day over all T off cuz of a few people but meh
Fuck you pay me is what I told the bitch , can't eat can't sleep cause I own the bitch ..
omg!
how'd you get that face it adorable!
nn
Sometimes the price of good prices is too high.
Nice.
Are all 3 major networks here?
You know it!
Free Innout after service:
Totally delayed response but thank you so much for the FF last week!
Awesome!
I'm glad that I've been a PR teacher : 
What kind of tape does the system need to record at the club dude?
anytime a pro athlete can piece together 2 sentences, it's a win
welcome to teamiphone we  u.
yes, change in twitter postings based on organizational policies at new work place would affect psychological professorle generated
We wish you the best.
'Just realised how dumb I look taking self pics': Rihanna goes barefaced for ...
Daily Mail
Some people will hate on any AND every Bloody thing.
that does explain while is alone until he was something too.
I would hate to see that litterbox
i got to work monday so i'll only get a few hours in.
RT That's one of the joys of the Sandwich Generation FULL of intergenerational moments of love and care.
talkalz Very true!
My daddy made me go to rehab I said no no no no!!!!!
Our speaker today...Noeleen McGrath is an awardwinning television news journalist, media trainer and video producer.
I guess someone doesn't want a house warming gift...
hinthint
Girardi just said doctorb has a rib injury.
Can you believe this ???
I don't know how it happened, but a bird just pooped on my coffee cup lid.
RT : I'm dying in this fcked up country ass town , lol  bugs and shit flying in my mouuff!
lmao dead
hello stranger!
yep!
definitely been there, so frustrating
best family ever 3
Happy Birthday SBS!
In celebration of this day mention this post, and get 10 off your service today!!!!!
Well just found out some pretty interesting stuff today, and i also got my heart crushed : and now i have a headache
Have fun!
Wish I could make it.
Writing about certain issues, even if they weren't personal, has helped me evolve as a human being, not just a writer.
Evolutionary Psychiatry: Some New Observational Studies and ...
Officers announcing arrests in a few minutes.
I'm a HSN junkie.
I can't, I would go broke.
I'm going through withdoctorwls from HSN right now
You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.
Yogi Berra
Woo hoo, tonight!
What a surprise!
dinner !
life is good...
Where are the Empire State photos?
:
Man is always more than he can know of himself.
Watching season one of Hoarders .
So quaint.
Than you shall have one!
Pics when next i can pin down an archivist...
omfg.
zach's tweet.
':
On Nov 18th come holla at me with me against me it don't matter just cum c me please
RT : Hardin stood out over the weekend.
He'll be an interesting guy to watch at training camp.
Looked big and physical
not yet.
Got a change?
yeah they were mostly free.
And the mg were free too.
r u going to the one in Tinley.
Kid cudi is a fucking fag
I asked my aunt, she said she can't take me her car broke, so have a good time, lol:
I fucking give up!!!!!
Fun fact for the night  More Americans have died in the War on Terror than the entire Revolutionary War  Don't know why that surprised me
Just found stevemartin on twitter.
E X C U S E me!
Death, Taxes and MO!
602!
lol not since my last album.
I'm still promoting it and stuff.
New hair, hot date, margarita on its way  could this night get any better?!
I wanananana see your face !!!
Even my enemies use me as an emergency contact!!!
lol.
Love it!
nevermind, it's working
Cool tune Mark, Are you on the doctorve today?
Haha yeah XD I think we should talk in messages, this is like super spam for some people P
texting is just as bbad
saw that a little earlier.
i think it works because community's fan base will follow it wherever.
even friday nights.
That's OK.
I leave on Tuesday 5/15 for sec12 where I'm copresenting 3hour seminar, then immediately to stc12!
So that's how you roll?
Have fun!
he will never understand what the word love means.
I really hope they're dumb enough to think the game is next weekend.
its cause your a pimp no other explanation.
i miss u
When that guy from Men's Health does push up jacks, he hasn't just done 30 minutes of chest and legs with no recovery.
Just a reminder ...
And, we're in first place.
Again.
Cheese and crackers, I'm out of almond milk.
:
RT We loved with a love that was more than love.
Edgar Allan Poe .
No horse play when we quick doctorw
see you tomorrow!!
Just had a fantastic conversation w/ Kathy Snyder, head of , on how 3D 'rapid tech' can help grow biz  mfg in MD!
right right
Why u won't to be fake I fuckin hate u
Eating corn pops
well im dark skinned so i gota represent but as of dudes i like, i like it all colors i dont discriminate
party starts NOW!
10 pitchers of booze and 5 monkey bar new tshirts!
I wanna wish my Mom a very Happy Birthday today.She is doing it BIG Out here with her clients 
Breaking in a case of suds, in the brass rail of fall down doctornk.
congrats on the new movies I can't wait to go see them and you are to funny : 
That Boy Good!
Martha Anderson notes, for digital preservation, what stories are we telling?
Are we engaging others?
The Class of 99 was a good one!
I just love Justin Bieber !
: 3
I CAN'T WAIT EITHER :
dat was mean
strapped down like a cowboy
makes the best sandwiches in Pennsylvania!
Bobbie is delicious!
can you go on a following spree again?!
i missed your last one for school :
talk at Oxy: work is the opposite of thinking toward a deformed humanities.
did you sign up for paid version of ?
I'm thinking about taking the leap...
You have really progressed well.
You had severe herniations.
Glad that the treatments worked out for you.
was dancing on the edge of danger, on the rim of the volcano.
I Have Game To Be Sold.
Holla At Me For Consulting.
im tryna shoot a video
Can I just say i WANT Tyne Daily's hair?!
o well
New tenant turned out to be a real gem..
she and her brood get my Fonzie thumbs up..
Aaaaayyyeeeeee!
Thx housing authority!
puppy love 3
Andoctorid or iPhone ?
nice green jerseys!
Valentine Day Party tonight  the club is gonna be packed!
Grab your girl and come swing!
And/or that calling back is polite.
So oldfashioned.
Traveling The Road Of A Superstar That's Not Famous
I agree with the last 3 posts.
You'll never hear a negative comment from me, I love your vlogs.
Sometimes life is just one big shamelessplug.
I'll pass around the office.
OMB!
Yesterday my baby turned 18 years old, beautiful aww I'm so proud of you, I love you
Sorry for the delayed response.
Thank you and have a good day.
I think Greg got the NYT OpEd idea from Don doctorper.
I'm melancholy at all the coupling surrounding my singlelady heart
Just another day at the Super Bowl!
Brunch prayer is that all my pain is from champagne!
How do you know ?
Yh same.
Can I ask you something?
Pretty Woman on in 23 minutes!!
hey thanks for the follow!
like us on facebook and check out our newie Stage 5!
Need stamps for Christmas cards?
Weirs SouthlakeTownSquare has a post office inside!!!
Shhhh, no one else knows.
I wanted sum...
Can't wait to see you again..
This.
RT : after crossing the gold level for rewards, you should get your 1st15doctornk free doctornk immediately
Are you human or artificial intelligence?
Jan Reichelt: PhD student.
Mendeley helps researchers work smarter by extracting data.
sniff no more crying :' :ILYShawty3
You rock, Greg!
TY again!
TheProblemWithDatingMusicians They always write horrible hate songs about you after the breakup.
Emphasize the HORRIBLE.
And just to clarify, I'm not trying to humblebrag.
Just thinking here.
: I had a great fucking day.
Its about to get better too.
RT
Of course Y.
Bell could possibly end up on the Jets, just the Dolphins luck if he does.
Damn, that chapter was so sloppy it wasn't even worthy of a first doctorft.
Just had to fix it.
awesome!
It's such a great move.
Have a great race today love!
took my daughter a day early to school so she can show her friend whos a freshman around....now thats a friend...up early and didnt have too
Yu wanna go
I have no idea why...I love the smell of curry!
GM  Happy Sunday Everyone
So addicted to GameOfThrones, but my god, how many incestuous relationships can a writer add in to a story?!
And so many creepy people...
Very cool would love to talk with you about it sometime.
Let me know what might work for you thanks very much!
The chick who lives above us is making an insane amount of noise all hours but especially at 6am.
Any tips on revenge?
DAMNIT PHIL!
And freaking Chavez too.
Retire already.
Help yourself to exit
Everytime I hear Jocktails, my brain thinks Ducktails.
Can I enter the party tonight diving into gold coins?
Still good advice.
I'm honored to of met Buck.
Brooks Laich: I thought we were a lot closer this year than last year.
most definitely.
These bitches on Real Housewives Of Atlanta r pissing me off..
especially NeNe big ass...
acting like she better then everybody.
..!
is that necessary?
You get a star b/c I like the
Who says the Mariners are not worth the price of admission?
What Detroiter doesnt want to see Charlie Furbush and Casper Wells again?
okay well ill be at the game today!
And the practice before!
Haha
You're practicing playing the guitar?
:D
RT : if you care enough for a result, you will most certainly attain it  William James, Psychologist
if one more tourist hits me in the head with an umbrella while taking up the entire sidewalk i'm going to start slapping.
Had the worst night
says the same thing again lol
By any means necessary I'm gone get it!!
We are almost at 3,000 followers!
When we hit 3,000 we will have a trivia contest to celebrate  winner gets a book!
what?
that wasn't on 4EvaNADay..
Label 7 Welcomes crew this evening!
Please enjoy your time with us!
They put on pants just like we do they take a shower just like we do they eat just like we do
you're so annoying
Get done w/ holiday shopping BEFORE the turkey, giftcards are one size fits all!
TC's apply.
It blows my mind how people have no clue of how much work is needed to succeed.
Awesome AdobeBridge tip, thank you!
That will save a TON of time.
It's the absolutism of uncertainty and disconnection from the past that stops people from taking the cash.
Forever is a long time
yeah, but he still cheated on his beautiful wife with semiprostitutes.
Fixin to listen to the latest madness on the Morning Mayhem 93.3 as a doctorve the kiddo to school.
P.S.
we're on spring break until next monday so we'll try to meet  make a new video ASAP Patience
Been there, done that :
i lost my peace sign ring that i haven't taken off in 6 years!!!!
:
Good greek trumps soso chinese.
I vote for greek.
Gas' gain could be coal's loss: Now it faces pressure from a competitor, natural gas, which is cutting into coal's most important cus...
Sometimes you text a person with full of feelings and you get a blunt reply in one word.
iif you havent checked out my twit pic....
i kinda invented swag
Not completely, but I'm more mindful of it now.
The 'Net is a waste of time, and that's exactly what's right about it William Gibson
I've never seen anyone use that set up, i think you just want something to bitch about thunder, so honestly stfu
My son just threw up on me and I didn't even know it
In my Hollywood gym full of hot women, the one that gives me the eye is a tranny.
It's a trap!
Flying my XWing in!
Awesome!
Thanks for sharing your picture, and Warped Tour never looked better than with you in your shirt :
we should get together.
Kill me.
That chick was off her fucking rocker.
She's lucky I didn't beat her over the head with my water bottle.
LOL
I love Reese's!
First pitch is 630pm tonight here at Sessions Stadium!
hosts Mercer in Game 1 of a 3 game series!
Don't rain on my parade.
I hadn't seen either of my grandparents for around five yearsso having my grandma die two days before we were going to see her...
sucked.
Well still no deal, the NBA is playing with my emotions
I end finals day with 2 hours if art..
Can't blame him.
Happy he attributed.
Had to come from a writer.
Hate and disdain alone fall short.
Your phrase is precise.
YUM!
MUST HAVE!
: Time to tap the firkin of wheat hop!
craftbeerweek
VM Ware and Wyse demo today.
Go cloud computing.
right?
I think the trick is to just avoid the line.
And cleavage lots of...wait damn...that's where I keep messing up.
I'm like every other woman, a closet full of clothes, but nothing to wear, So I wear jeans.Cameron Diaz
misteroppersPenguins is a great flick.
Gawd I love animals
long day at soho with my girlfriend.
Bella!
RT : My girl is giving me a lot of You're my best Mommy ...umm...the only one she has!
Lol!
He crossed his legs and hands just like all the other ladies...
MT: Join  TODAY at 2pm CST.
LatinoEdu tweetchat about education in our latino communities!
Rt if you wanna be Zayn's bestfriend in my fanfic
great move by the redskins.
RG I is going to be very, very good.
how about the quality of qb's in the NFC East.
let me tell you how twitter is just fascinating.
awesome lol  weekend gone be better haha
You ever that
That sounds a bit like Roger Zelaznys The Chronicles of Amber.
You can move from one dimension to another?
I love someone who can make me laugh even when i'm in a very bad mood.
Cafeteria at MATC Truax doing homework
Don't forget that Gentlemen's Night starts today at 5 pm!
Free doctornk for guys and the gal of their choice!
I had no idea what autism was when I went for my first job either.
Can't believe I was hired!
Glad I was.
damn wish I was I SS we could hang!
Is a nice day.
Working on new website.
Will share as soon as we get it live!
I hope so Jamie.
Job market scares me.
Guess I'm just glad I'm not married or have kids right now
talking about recognizing excellence and holding all stakeholders accountable.
I just downloaded new live album tin shed tales and it's awesome.
Please come back to red rocks
I thought it was going to be a picture from the NFC title game
i am still salty that the fired him.
Loved Bruce.
Hurts to see ye olde alma mater taking the beating they are.
its a great job.
Keep me as the apple of your eye; hide me in the shadow of your wings Psalm 17:8
KMSL u know dis frd but I'm found somebody soon no more running I found somebody she cool
Started reading a Forbes article about the ACC deal.
Stopped immediately when writer told me Pitt hasn't missed NCAA's since 2001.
Gearing up for what promises to be a long day at the writing center.
both.
Crossramp changes the incline and the muscles you use.
Resistance makes you work harder and builds up strength.
: Birthdays are good for your health.
Studies have shown that people who have more birthdays live longer.
I love birthdays!
.
is giving lots of great tips for genealogy societies from scanning to doctorpbox
I seriously doubt Junior Seau took his own life, nobody commits suicide with a shot to the chest, something fishy going on
I really do.
You guys did a great job on the book.
When I finish I write a glowing review.
OMG...
There's no way I could ever be a ballerino!
I would have to stretch for years!
Oh Burnetts, why you do this to me baby
Love my man so much he makes me feel so beautiful and like I'm the only girl he has eyes for....so lucky to have a man that loves me for me
I hate to come off as a clingy girlfriend...
some ebooks people will want to keep to reread; some will be read once, ripe for subscrpt.
yup.
Might not work for a phone though
just heard you on the bar tender's iPod!
mademyday !!
in the span of two years, my whole Mentality changed for the better
people can see the bottle of lies and scars of insecurities,and the secrets you thought would be kept forever are the things everyone knows.
well done!
Do your thing Sandy Alderson.
Mets are dealin tonight!
Yep.
That's pretty much how I imagined it going down.
Laying down with my girl ;
ya, btw the ogling douchebags,the envious women, armchair dx from twits,its a wonder a girl can get any fking work done!
You can always count on Cubs fans to be rude and Brewers fans to be lowbrow at Wrigley North
WHOOP WHOOPEPISODE OF LoveGames LG3 DAMN CANT WAIT 2 SEE NOT LOOKING FORWARD 2 SEE FUGLY SYDNEY
Vegas should be scared of us!!
LOL
Hahaha a valid point.
Thanks.
:
Time for bed.
Have a good evening!
thanks so much for your well wishes  support!
cual es la otra,pork la ultima vez que yo cheque you are my one  only big sister named Yessica,  YOU ARE WEIRD MY LOVE!!!
ahh you're the best!
THANKS reserves, Detroit Action coalition, and neighbors for helping out all of us that live and work near mt elliott.
Just gave my copy of Richard Wright's Black Boy to my young neighbor who is w/The Nation of Islam.
I feel like Michelle Pfeiffer
Guys, I noticed how America doesn't really have anyone.
All the legends are dead,  no TEEN HEARTTHROB.
I mean Justin is Canada's own
Yes!
Giants!
yes it's my old job.
Is it surprising that I left?
Forecast for Tuesday Night: Showers likely with isolated thunderstorms in the evening.
Then a chance of showers after...
Y'all, ain't pop!
She's a diva..
Beyonce voice Na, na, a diva is a female version of a hustlaaa'.
Homophobes suck too.
And anything manufactured by Coors.
Pumped to head into the studio later to finish up these new tracks.
Five new jams coming soon!
Josh is so cool for hacking my  's Twitters!
NOTREALLY 
How can I perform with you?
Your trumpeter Dontae knows me very well.
best idea ever!
tomorrow's headline: Big 12 Asks Florida State To Prom
Kobe trying to get number six
GODUCKS!!!!
All tied up and Oregon has showed heart!!!
Lezzgo Ducks!
5858 with 3:30 to go!!!
RT How pure is Ray's shot.
Funny what happens when they run the offense through him
how far you heading for today?
blush Thanks so much for the shout out and for visiting this weekend!
What did you have?
'We've traced the call.He's calling from the attic on a cell phone!
Get out of the house!' another great plot device killed by technology.
Oh which ones?
you're welcome.
if you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask 
10 presale RT : I will definitely be there.
How much are tickets?
Gotta charge my phone.
haha!
Are you gonna listen tomorrow morning cuz?
havent had dinner yet the securiy guard lady brought my wife snack
Self righteousness will only take you to the end of your own nose!
40 minutes to go.
Let's do this.
Can't get enough of KISS
What's happening, beautiful.
Have a Rocking Weekend!
m/
Q7.
Best connection you've made on Twitter
We Aint Openin' Them Gates Of Heaven Up!
For One Another
attending Engaging Communiutiesa, Promoting Learning at NYPL  waiting for first session: Libraries and Education
Follow for a free cookie in the mail.
Happy Valentine's Day!
Love yourself enough to switch over to mostly organic groceries in your home.
Who's with me?
Me at school ...
IN CLASS: I'll just do this at home.
AT HOME: I'll just do this in class.
Yaah me too X  IDK why I can't sleep RT: sure :D me too  i cant sleep 
I'm going to watch Titanic Saturday .
I'm hoping it doesn't sink this time !
ALL of us here in Chicago havent stopped voting for you guys!
Does that deserve a follow?
3
haha!
I knew I forgot something!!
More art discoveries
As far as preparedness goes in blackout, I only have a flashlight app and it help me find my iPad so I can watch Vampire Diaries
Dinner and movies with best friend :
it looks very, very exciting.
I'm sorry to miss it!
Ughh I love how our conversation only gets as far as hey: bitch bake me a cookie
I like going big but lately, it just rarely is working out.
congrats on the launch of 2.0!
Listening to Erykah badu..
The other side of the game...
Well I'm off!
Be back later!
you can ride the to plbo 6 tomorrow...the night owl 21 will be running too for all of you who want kick back sweet tea  ades :
Wow ..
Jeffery just spilled the teachers coffee all over his stuff ..
doctornk Edyta folds all of her clothes before passing out so that sober Edyta doesn't have and OCD freak out!
Love her
Could there be a nicer day for the IHJJRTweetUp or what?
Come do some day doctornkin with us at Little Havana!
Good.
lol Im glad that everything went okay :
Excuse me your a hell of a guy,you know i really got a thing for american guys
Wait, Haden is in TJ today?
so best.
I just dipped in coffee and powdered sugar just for you.
In SF Chinatown, just had some yummy dimsum and tons of fruit and veggies..Happy!!
And also he's everything tht a girl can ask 4  he's so polite patient but he may have imperfections which makes him perfect
YES.
On the Quadoctorlogy box set on DVD and the Legacy set on Blu.
18 times better than the theatrical edit.
You have to walk that mile in the worn in, comphy shoes.
Not the fancy doctorss shoes.
Time to blow out some candles, Two birthdays in the studio today!
Weird  that's twice on my feed tonight.
I'll try to pick it up.
Loved the 'Great Dictator', 'Modern Times'.
I've been a bit of a Chaplin freak since college.
worried for her on Celeb app.
Hey I'm good at algebra....I can replace your X ;
I need a hero to save me now
This old guy down the hall is totally sleeping in his office.
It makes me smile, and want to take a nap in my office.
Whenever I try to study, I always end up lying on my bed doing random stuff.
How is Ian Darke taken seriously by so many?He's constantly way over the top.
Annoying.
So Far The Grammys are on point!!
Thx Angela!
RT Congrats  a hearty FF to local artist  music was featured on YR recently.
Check him out!
Yesterday my bagel shop accepted payment from my ATM card via Fast and easy.
First sighting in Montose, CA.
God loves to help him who strives to help himself.
Aeschylus.
We would love to be featured on CBS4!
Morning twitter
I really like this shot of u
Gracias!
RT : Congratulations on the wonderful article in the Houston Chronicle today!
I think ten minutes is the maximum time you can take to text me back if you want to have a text relationship with me
we feel the same about you  thanks for the longstanding support!
Ugh you sound like your bragging.
how could I ever be mad at either of you.
Don't ever take anything mean I say seriously.
Ever.
And bo
Dear GUYS: when a girl says their cold, your not supposed to say me too
Thanks for coming to our CCYD mixer!
me as well, saints will have to score 35 to win
gained 60K new customers the first 12 Hours of Twitter virtual holiday event.
Wow these boys at my school r bitches.
They don't say anything when you r around them but once yu leave they start talking
Screams Brassow every time he blocks a shot
RT : My God!
Wolf Blitzer just used a word cloud to analyze Tiger Woods' statement!
Calling it
: How to hypnotize a cat.
Ah yes!
Brother is boss!
let's see, think i have it...after I met IRL, started following her, saw u on her feed!
I know, great story!
can def have more, sometimes I have even 50!
They're high in calories but that doesn't necessarily mean they're bad for you!
's a Tweef: 1.
Mike Heller 2.
One who steals another's tweet  tweets it as original.
thanks...have you heard the new stuff?
W.soundcloud.com/thejoband/messenger
Tony Nama tomorrow morning : I'm pulling for and
I like the idea of having a chess set out in the Library
Pahaha let's hope so!
Curse you AJ bass!!
Who has psn an wants to play please add me or tell me ur name an ill add u my tag is peyton112
When you buy chocolate you know precisely where the ingredients originated.
Workers are paid a living wage and it's delicious!
I'm thinking Thai Food tonight might actually sound good.
really?
Lol good...
Think we should probably get engaged and married sometime you know just a thought
like overalls and bangs and leather jackets and Kareem Abdul Jabbar!
aren't they all like that though?
are you good with 4 inch heels?
I know they were having trouble keeping a steady feed for some reason in Nashville TN.
The whole city gonna be there lbs
Rain no one likes you go away!
May your surgery go very well and recovery swift.
hugs
We are curious to know...Should we add smokingcessation to our program?
bundle up and head on over for brunchbloody marys and caramelized banana french toast are waiting for you.
see you at 11.
i almost didn't tweet that because i knew you'd get on me
Eye heard though the vine I was only half right about Hudson and dead on about Sharon!
When you can't stop smiling 
Haha!
We didn't see any other option for Spread Eagle, Greenbush.
Then again we're slightly immature.
Sitting with handsome editing Body Scapes video!
is such a smart cookie.
just shines with beauty.
HappyMothersDay Thank you for your love, patience and unforgettable smiles growing up.
Thanks for the follow, I promise to not get lost.
good luck on those cassette bootlegs.
and every show starts out as an idea.
Col Legno, will end as an inspirational legend.
Misspelled museum goer as museum gore, whoops!
Funny / awkward typo.
Just realized that with my hair up, and with this white sweater, I've been inadvertently rocking a Princess Leia look.
All day.
September 30, 2002  February, 3, 2012:  have heard the chimes at midnight.
Rehearsals underway for this Saturday's performance of Mahler's Symphony 2 with the at the Smith Center.
Excited 2 B part of it!
now following ..
so freaking sexy.
Agents at checkin wouldn't allow people to move forward to help them catch their flights.It was taking 15 min per person to rebook
do you wanna do a tinychat with me we can talk about austin we can do Q  A we can do whatever please cause im really bored
saw a 35000 engagement ring.
It didn't look like it just came out of a crackerjack box.
More like what the core of Faberge egg should be.
Boy workin OT, I'm makin a raspberry tart 4 the 4th.
Sure wish someone would make me a cocktail.
But then there's my fetus, so that's out...
: Adele's ex is somewhere sharing a Bud light with JK Rowlings' ex, mad as HELL!
there you are too Eva!
What brought you to twitter?
Can't stop thinking about a beach vacation this June...
planning is in the WORKS!
Just me and the kids!
So , who wants to give me a ride home from school tomorrow??
When will i ever need yx25
Dumb deal.
But of course!
: I recommend everyone do the 24 day challenge!
I use a lot of product!
Got me stage ready for sure!
dannnggg lol!
Well I doubt that he chose which ones go in anyway.
:P and NO you don't!
I would say something
I love that you have a trampoline!!
I hope it stays clear of semiheavs.
Brady go into GOD MODE NOW!
Gonna watch Taken Liam Neeson.
oh, and let's go
7day Carribean cruise is taken now have a luxury golf experience in southern Oregon.
Gone...folks.
WellsFargoHereNow
Ah the awkwardness of introducing your lifelong friends to your current friends.
I just saw a Cord Phone!!!
I thought they were extinct!!!
Guess not!!
I feel like my head has its own pulse..
Thank you all!
oh, look!
today's labor day.
wow, i didn't even realize that.
Taking my girl on our date night, Bucca di Beppo's, then a movies.
I like that made the same victory face yesterday that he did when he won his first stage there
appreciates your continued use/promotion of all things QWiPS.
And yes, we think you should you for questions!
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day!
Don't forget to include that glass of Tampico with your morning meal :
Thanks Glenn.
That is what I wanted.
Any indication if we will see more of Geoff with the USMNT?
Missing the point USC dominated recruiting in Neuheisel reign.
USC will leave 1015 recruits on the table for two more years.
I don't have enough middle fingers to show you how I feel.
Its a beautiful day to lock your keys in the car!
you guys rock!
I'm fine,thanks for asking!
And you?
Studio flow THINK THE NAME OF THIS ONE WILL BE SPACESHIP BITCHES moolaboys KNOW WHAT IM TALKIN ABOUT
give our boy a shoutout for co host Nail this one then Hall of Fame Next.
Cohost!!
did ya?
I like this one guy but my Bestfriend likes him too/3 fml
RT : Combat poverty  support by joining the Smiley  West club.
Check out member benefits here:...
Scheduled to visit a hyundai logistics for getting a day labor job in the late afternoon of may 6.
i love to doctornk Vitaminwater 3
Haikeet 8: Crossing the land bridge / Through the haze of diving gnats / Eagle flies above
Our John Clemmer and Adalie Brent exhibitions both close on Sunday.
Don't miss your chance to see them!
TGIF good people
how was your show tonight?
Open your eyes, Clevinger.
It doesn't make a damned bit of difference who wins the war to someone who's dead.
Catch22
Way to go New York Giants!
Super Bowl Champs!
Man I swear girl on girl is the best
lol...
i just finished all my stories for this week.
shhhh
Alisan was right.
I just pooped.
I can't tell if you're praising the sazerac or not
RT : is a genius and amazing writer.
now, its time for me to shed a tear.
aww thanks mark :'
you coming to the ChicagoBulls or what?
I really believe it will be the quickest way to the ring...
Lake day tmister??
We can't control the fact that many of our Congressmen are inept but that doesn't mean we shouldn't vote for someone who isn't
Yes at the Cheescake Factory, in honor of loosing all that weight!
yeah we loved it!
But how u been?
Need to create 5 new videos before Memorial Day to promote my art for the 2012 Atlanta Jazz Festival in
I'm going later in the week, ill let you know
Just woke up bout to be up all night
oh my god can we post on kyle's door ryan and tommy are your main bitches and do it for ryan and tommy also omg i will pee
Say what you will about Kohl's, but there are some golden nuggets hidden amongst the myriad of moms and spanish speaking childoctorn.
no problem!
Great trade!
thanks for all of the incredible help today.
WE NEED MORE FOLLOWERS GUYS!!!
RT!!!
i can imagine.
So far so good.
And i was about to get on camister 
and once you're a shell wizard you can do Sed, C, awk, bash, and coreutils, combined with Ruby, Java, Clojure, R, and TeX, etc?
OWIF: All I am armed with to defend myself is a Leatherman, some catfish, and half a pair of pants.
bought an adorable shirt today.
Lady Gaga  Teeth  05:14 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Send us the info!
RT :
I just found out who those boys were.
I guess they're close friends with my boyfriend's little sis n her boyfriend.
So very sad.
really?
What's his name?
Haha.
Fake shoes that's that shit I don't like
Shouts out to TWOgs
So do we.
And we still doing it
Oh how I miss RT : Our run tonight included trails, steps, deep mud  hills.
These  more, all in the Cleveland MetroParks.
it is....haha
Speak the truth, but leave immediately after.
There are a lot of fiddling school marms on stage right now.
definitely.
So far, it's great!
Lots of other folks are summing it too luckily
I'm so bad at starting conversations:/
The half marathon runs through the District: look for the big red chair!
Wowzers...people are fucked up...
follow up tweets in the am
today is full of promise.
: The teaparty is 1000 times more powerful than occupywallstreet and a million times more authentic.
WRONG!
Lady, we need you!
What a wonderful human being she is.
where at ?
It's such a cold gray day.
I can't wait for friday and I will start a new set of doctorwings.
:: will look at other FA QB's if Peyton opts to go elsewhere?
hahahahahahahaha u make me lauGH!!!!
jk im JUST bored!!!!!!
but ur awesome ANYWAYS!!!
Sure is cold out.
Come grab some gourmet coffee in our shop while you get your services performed.
Just another little amenity we offer 
Adult diapers should be offered in sexy prints and provocative cuts.
bet your bottom dollar I do : give my best to I know she still likes me.
Nice cold front cooling EP and now it is raining in Central.
THE SMELL OF RAIN in El Paso.....INHALE...heaven on Earth!
Walking faster, doctorssing sharper, and good posture are important keys to a good self confidence.
High .
Lmaooooo YES !
I'm a Watson fangirl.
Sherlock's cheekbones scare me.
;
oh those are cute!
A BFRandomFactoid  today in 1932 the Motor Co.
debuted its V8 engine.
Who cares if the boyz lost ABDC, To me they won even if they didn't win the trophy,title, or money.
They're my winners.
We'll also be hitting up The Venetia Fair at Warped so ask questions for them too!
: Tweet us!
Hiking at Mountainside Park with
I hate when its Friday and u have nothing to do and no where to go
Wait?
NBC is CGI'ing the race?
So why exactly run the race at all?
s/o to my new follower he's a funny guy
SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps pumped up kicks
My fingers to fat for the iPhone 4 
I missed TheGamesOfThrones very very much!
good night : I'm gonna go 2
What a goal!!!!
Love u guys.
Keep up the good work.
What a game
woot sex helps you lose weight!!
I know what my exorcise routine is now ;
cool.
Glad u all got to catch up for a bit.
Take care man.
I'm sure I'll see ya around.
cant wait for todays show!
Why not?
Belt's an onbase guy, and I'd much rather Belt get the extra AB instead of Theriot or Burriss.
How the heck are you?
You're geeky brethren feel your pain
Most recently, I used the phrase bust a nut forgetting that nut is less commonly used to refer to the human head than, um, a testicle.
lol back to back work?...
Take a break Hash!
You too!
When do you get in?
im a 13 year BB fan and i appreciate the controversial playersaka brenchel BUT THEY BRING THE SHOW DOWN!
Stop the whinning
finally some primetime Knicks action for us west coast people...
is going to have a huge night
Please send to me.
Why does it have to be him?
What did I do wrong?
What can I do to fix it?
Are you done with my book?!?
Teens are doctornking hand sanitizer?
What, vanilla extract isn't good enough anymore?
So...summer school starts on the 21st...getting this done early so I'm taking 12 credit hours.
I can't wait to participate!
Where will u attend?
: Slow Art Day on April 28, look at 5 works of art for 10 minutes each.
Ah Shaun text me asap I have something cute to tell you about uk who :
game has me on the edge of my seat
ill be coming up there soon man
Dear Minneapolis, where are you all so tall.
Sincerely, me and
Trance Kitchen.
My love
Found one garbage can down the street.
The other is M.I.A.
ABQ wind is intense
you're the dopest player by far, you should take more breaks in the season anyways n rest up for the playoffs,
the good kind of fucked up.
Just realized I have absolutely no plans for this week until Friday.
Let the funemployment begin!
Day2 LAPC bout to start.
Couple friendly tablemates in and today.
Go BlackHawks...can I get a HELL YEAH
If it was Monty Python and the Holy Grail Medieval, you'd be not yet dead.
fog!
which is the next best thing to night and snow.
...and someone whose life could have turned out so different :/
Believe it or not, Data Cabling is very important to your computer network in your business.
Here are some tips to review:...
who are the black armbands for?
They are fucked.
No Noah now.
It will take a miracle to win.
It's depressing to watch this team all year and see this now.
Omg really?!?
:o Awesome :D
How is it that I never get tired of 's Stronger album?
Maybe cuz it's her best album yet and she's a flaw free legend?
We need an organic fuel for our vehicles.
You mean like Gasoline?
your welcome Darlin
That's great.
Congratulations.
RT : WaPo and Politico report that Coakley has called Brown to concede.
Exactly 4 weeks until graduation.
: Lets party rock this Sat Flip cup tourney starts at 2pm!
.com to enter!
Ok folks, this time for real!
Marc Maron of the WTF Podcast will be joining us instudio this morning!
Any questions for him?
I'd love to meet you, and I know the wines of Aleksandoctorvic will be to your liking.
RT : If I was ANYONE else.
omg just ignore me hahahaha
The war in Iraq is officially over, what a doctorg.
WAFFLES FOR LUNCH, Y NOT!
We are open all weekend to buy back your books!
Just watched a stupid girl compilation on YouTube made by day
Baby you light up my world like nobody else..
3

Probably Pedoctoria in 12team leagues ...
Work nice and early.
Springs.
Did I say that like a local?
:
Why is there only one Mother's Day when Moms could have at least gotten the ENTIRE month of May.
25 off detail packages.
Gift Cards
Run Fatboy run and Shaun of the dead
Um 19 is closed at Pennsylvania today?
This ought to be an interesting detour to work.
Booze Camp Approved!
RT: : We are doctornking all day in Midtown.
At Noshville now with screwdoctorvers  Bloody Marys
What is the worst anthology you've been in?
; misterndmisterSmith will never get too old to watch two times in a row.
:
haha I havent heard of them yet.
haha you won't even know it's coming!
AIM is for losers.
Hit me up: afteritendszach
Wrk is cooling just ready to go!!!
What's popping tonight?
r u a resident of Baltimore city's 9thdistrict?
if so, who r u voting for  why?
Thank you San Diego Unified School District for instituting local preference hiring
Got the green light to host thatcamp for digital archaeology in charlottesville, va, aug.
10.
Announcement to come soon.
Because I hate my life, what channel is the AMA's on?
????
RT : Every twosentence review that someone wrote for you is probably worth at least 20 in their time.
I know!!!!!
I'm so sad!
heard it wasn't goin to last anyways cuz ppl were mad about it in the 1st pl :
Fresh crispy veggies are on sale today  20 off all creative lunch salads!
...not what I was looking for.
Bruins trail for the first time in the playoffs 10 Caps
Awesome.
I called Duke of Perth, not till this weekend for them.
Looking forward to the weekend, because it doesn't look ridiculous to wear a blanket at home.
No matter how many spiritual readings I have done over the years for people, I still get nervous before each one!
is pretty cool when she sits on her phone and is anti social.
Can it be tomorrow already!!!!
Search CrownGallery for great photos of moms in crowns.
Make one using the Mother's Day activity card in Sunday's Tribune
My new kitten is really good at being buds.
Hello johannesburg!
One more flight to go...
That sounds delish!
But what is a breakfast cookie?
We want some!
Love having a Starbucks at work
lol it'll be fun but it won't be the same lol ...
same..
Now excuse me while I sing ruby
I checked into the trap house on four square last night ?
okay..
Thank you so much!
I'm actually on KISS right now!
I hope you're doing well?
:
No plan B is starting to feel like a meme.
asked for more followers!
You know what to do!
:
Loyola kids need guidance
RT Obama: I'm going to need another term to finish the job.
Why?
In 1 term he already finished 2 million of them.
The clippers suck at running half court sets.
Had a chill day today wit .
havent chilled wit her ina good while!
if you are gonna play this twitter game, rule 1.
Get your spouses name right.
it is :
You'd figure with all these English princes marrying beautiful princesses that their male sons wouldn't be so butt ugly.
alright, I've been debating this for a while...
Are your eyes blue or green?
lmfao I'm in 7th grade
OMG u r so amazing!
I love u on That '70s Show !
JEEZ ur AMAZING!
I LOVE U!
3 :
happy resurrection day
thank you !!!
1124 what kind of candy do you like?
Thanks to all of our new followers, hope you have a great weekend!
An lollivepro just bet.
540 called 2700 more on the river with AdJh on Ah Js 4h Th 2h vs an amateur who put on an act.
Ryan Braun MVP speech page 3 I've always believed that a person's character is revealed through the way they deal with those moments of
This weather just likes to ruiiinn my spring break.
So, who's staying in Lisbon this weekend and would be interested in meeting up?
At least you're there girl!!
That's half the battle.
next he'll be asking for k in cancer
8 Days left until Cmas....
You're insane.
The Elegance of the Hedgehog.
Don't forget Bitter is the New Black.
MUST READ
InstantTurnOn LIP Biting  ;
Friday Sept.
23: Mark Towns Solo Guitar at Tasting Room CityCentre 58pm
hahahaha welcome to the world of
I was in Denver for the '07 WS so I'll always have a soft spot for the Rockies.
But Kemp is a straight up beast so whatevs...
The real question is where do I hang my hat in...
oh shit two weeks.
And this been bothering me all weekend
Good morning pooh
CAN'T WAIT TO MOVE OUT TODAY!!!
Curled up with my dog...
xo 
I like teaching, don't get me wrong, but I just might like the research that goes into planning a class better.
inside us.
inside us.
:
your what hurts?
always kills Stoney for some reason.
words of wisdom by
BEWARE!!
Do not purchase the Dani Johnson book via 8886772425.
When you call  don't want future billing they bill you anyway!!
I had a doctoram One Direction asked me to be their photographer.
When I got there, I went to get the 1D milkshake from
no idea lol
Good morning!
We play Launchpad tomorrow.
Introducing 3 new songs and our first show with 1 singer.
4, 9pm, 21
Hope everyone is having is great day.
Weather is nice today and will be even nicer tomorrow!
Loving the spring weather.
Josh Hamilton is that dude
I'm hopeful about the jobs.
Not hopeful about the show's content.
Really struggling to get started on my end of term essays today.
: So many more interesting things to see/read/do!
But....any ideas for disinfecting my phone?!
defense wins championships.
GMen Defense almost perfect today.
SpecialTeams and offense look good too.
Lambeau here we come!
Feels so inspired.
Thank you Eliza.
Everything I needed to hear to come back full throttle, you said.
This pussy clean .
home safe and sound.
Leaving again on Tuesday.
Can't wait to see you!
xo
roughly equal to Les Curly Blonde Miserables methinks
Still working on Europe, mostly Switzerland/Northern Italy!!
Suggestions welcome.
Also been linking some sweet bands i've heard to my...
We have a show coming up the end of June in LA  The House of Blues  we'll be playing 5 new songs!
More on that show soon!
LOL!!
Break the glass later only if you need to...
It's due to widespread use of HGH this year.
If you are going to be late anyway, stop for coffee.
Shows everyone that you weren't sweating it.
bless Reggae Vibes!
give thanks for the strength
Tori was/is so freaking pretty.
awww: don't worry we gonna relax and hang out sometime soon.
Can't sleep , i have energy o.O
True.
True.
party and we are kickin it old school with questlove.
Lovin it.
Like a high school gym up in here.
thank you patrick!
:
That is true!!
Metallica rocks!
Iron Maiden rocks harder!
Looks like I FLIPFLOPPED!
Http://www.dagnomusic.com is a great place to sell your music and keep 100 of the revenue!
just talked 2my homie U have a true friend when u don't talk months and u pic up where u left off happy Bday my ninja
I still have a few more dances with the devil
i don't think so 

Be like a duck.
Calm on the surface, but always paddling like the dickens underneath.
Change it back!
My fault for being a nasty boy!
Jack Effel: WSOP wants you to celebrate during play, but don't be disrespectful.
Up to discretion of staff.
: yes shes actually really good no one knows though, or  won't cuz of CJ :/
It is June 16th.
My BIL is attempting to go from 070 miles in 60 days.
So I have to ride it...
:
get more adorable
Nice article!
I think over the last three years Rodgers learned how NOT to act.
Aaron's a classy guy.
Thank you for sharing!
Awesome show last night with Tropic of Pisces and Steel Phantoms.
Thanks to everyone who came out!
My first experience was outstanding.
Great food.
Thanks.
Next class happening at noon.
Get on the mat!
Memory lane: Rick Sutcliffe on to throw first pitch to Chris Hoiles.
Man, tons of sirens and honking going on outside.
Mifflin  Derby Day  Cinco de Mayo  a regular Saturday in
follow back
AUTO EROTICA Romney takes credit for improvements in the auto industry
I have been hearing so much about Kale chips but haven't tried them yet
Halloween Party at the Purple Martini, Friday Oct 28, doors open at 9:00.
Cash Prizes Costume Contest.
Here's my Ami answerA kiss on the hand may be quite continental but diamonds are a girl's best friend
story of senior year right there lol
Wow!
What a run by Freddie Jackson.
Tie game at 7.
Hmm.
Should I wear green or black  yellow?
crown molding is HARD
My patient is in her room dancing to Wild One by Flo Rida telling me she's doctorpping it like its hot HAHAHAHA

I grew up in Minnesota and then it was pop.
Now I'm in Milwaukee, WI and it's soda!
It's true!!
The wind has been out of this world here.
The power was out for blocks....
woo
vincent please follow me
Me too.
I am pleased that Obama supports samesex marriage.
no but I'd love to.
Why?
30 Rock and RockCenter are good.
But then I'll look a lot more lifeless than I already am.
All I want for Christmas is for Amar'e to dunk on one or more Celtics!
just wrapped up an awesome meeting with major takeaway: he is a big fan of rhinos
Didn't go to sleep yet self educated myself and it is 507am here in Hawaii
Find your happy place!!!!!
m.
Little reduced never hurt anyone!!!
A la Roulot???
GET IT, GRRRLS!!
the hangover begins
haha their spots are ridiculous.
Agency must be on acid.
This girl just walked in this church like she was just the sssh
You're absolutely right.
We should have read more details before Tweeting.
: We would love to work with businesses in the Wauwatosa area!
Interested in social media for business?
Consultants are key.
Generate buzz with Allerrant Consulting.
www.marketstarglobal.com
WI Firefighter Union head Mahlon Mitchell tells me he's ruling out a run for Gov, instead focusing on Lt.
Gov.
Story 10pm
We kick our feet up .
We are 99 years young today.
I love you DST!
Oopoop!
I will forever hate violins
2nd round and on is the best part of thee doctorft.
Love it!
Tryin' To Get Out Of Here As Soon As Possible .
Wake up,shower, get paid and repeat
I am not going to make an effort to try and tallk to someone that stares at me and says absolutely NOTHING 
Can a veggie burger ever be more appetizing than a regular one?
p.s.follow back!
yea what u thought?
Last week of classes for Chinese students!!!
Study hard for the test!
What I would give to get a tweet from omg
Im out the loop right now, be back soon tho.
aye tell Rick i said what it dew
group is presenting in 5 for RIT winter research symposium.
wish us luck.
Gotta be a warrior of love Fiji
search for the cache on www.geocaching.com by searching for the wild canyon games cache by name or search via geocache code:GC20C5Y
Omg omg omg I thought jeremy was dead
yeah yeah, rehash the game.
whatev.
Where would you like to see growth in your business?Use the answer, to determine what content to add to your web  social sites.
Hi Dariel, how you been?
How are you're daughters doing?
Read the bit about wanting to be the next Denzel or Will Smith.
Starring in Hangover 3 isn't exactly gonna get you there, bro.
GL
Apparently all you have to do is ask.
2 shots  2 goals.
100 success rate.
Go !!!!!!
Don't worry there's loads of lesbians out there, you not on your own!
Glad you came out :
OMG Will he make a song with selena?
Holyy shit chuckie is on :O im so scared!
hah I was thinking...does she KNOW this?
:o
Any of my Jonas followers want to be texting buddies please :
So,where does this violent tendency come from?
I've been told my temper's tied to my redhair or Vikings in Ireland
how big is the bucket?
what the fuck you said , that didn't even make sense ,
Happy new years everyone
I get the whole paychecks vs.
food stamp comparison it just sounds bad when you think about the race in these races
that's cuz you cut your tequila with crack cocaine..come and be a happy doctornk
you guys were amazing!
Best concert ever!
Micah Lind Aaron doctor Bri and Myself had the best time.
You were awesome!
i really need to get out more..
well....NOW who do the Packers take?
Pass a Public Policy Plan in the USA to Reduce by 10  Both the Millions of HUMANS LockedUp and the Billions it Costs Us.
part of me is a Vintage brand seltzer diehard, but soda stream is still fantastic
Just unpacked a new Asus Transformer Prime running Ice Cream Sandwich.
Wow.
Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself
I use subjecto one time and im automatically crazy
Yes!!!!
Go TeamBS For sure.
So will RT : you gonna watch TheVoice tonight?
Dads bday tomorrow, treating him to a Brewer game tonight , off to Miller park
Put the lights up, I wanna see your face, When the nights up, remember you in my brain...
Met with the folks today in SF, really impressive agency/production house taking care of major brands
You guys break up  make up too much.
Damn.
I thought  I were bad..
lmfao.
Individuals who are uneducated, unskilled, and rent all of their major possessions have little ground given current U.S.
economic hardships.
agreed RT What do you think about Whitney's family doing a reality show?
I think it's tacky.
Kugler had a going away trolly last night, your not going to turn down that offer
Much warmer tomorrow with partly cloudy skies.
Then a chance for rain, thunderstorms...
and maybe tornadoes??
Details at 11pm!
MeRT Who the fuck is up.
Do they put makeup on Billy Donovan?
He looks so handsome.
This afternoonShelter Providers r working 2 craft Standards of Excellence 4 shelters.
They will b discussing what makes shelters effective
Get your friends and their friends to follow us!
LOVE US NOW.
:D Dally3
The postman just urinated in someones garden....
Lucky that it's gotten great press!
Museum is definitely busy all day, which is great!
Er why would i be smoking?
IM A TEENAGER!
:
I'm there, baby!
That's gonna be a great game.
Looked good against the Red Wings.
Wonder what Dale said before the game?
Oh, of course you meant your mother.
I didn't think it was exactly your style...
See Io for simple modules down right
Less than six weeks out from the start of DWC2012 Get ready!!!
We've got some good stuff in the works...
cross between a baby toad and a toddler...jk lolz
What is an epigram?
A dwarfish whole, its body brevity, and wit its soul.
At costco shopping and about to eat pizza:
That is so cringe worthy!
Thanks for sharing!
That's so sweet.
Thank you, Dana!
cc:
No worries Maurice!
I see you're on the program for TLA in Houston.
Maybe I'll make it, but not sure
who is it
Only 5 Billion Warren???
Pocket change I'm sure...
thinks the mosh pitt is more entertaining than the actual show.
Ha!
Working on this week's blog post.
Afraid to say it's abt cost analysis; what might come up this week to derail this plan?
Don't you hate when someone tells you to do something when you're in the midst of doing it?
Tornado warning for a county that's 40 miles away from San Antonio.
0.o
S/o to them middle age women with fat asses!!!!
the only explanation I see is backlash for being rewarded with CP3.
Spread the word...
MIYO Home's Annual Sample Sale is going on now!.
Sofas, tableware accents and more are on sale.
Law firm office services opportunities available in Denver, CO!
If you have any legal office services experience, email me at katie.cyboro
Hey I'm following
RT!: If we do work in English tomorrow, I will flip!
Back 2 u!
RT : When someone tells me they're really bad with names all I hear is I'm an arrogant asshole cuntdonkey
This damn helicopter keep flying around
Ya gotta eat RT I had to play debt collector today so 'I'm ridin roun  I'm gettin it' instead of blawggin...
sigh
Happy Mother's Day to all my FB family  friends!!
Enjoy your day!!!
Everyone follow
they should play her to please the fans in the 2nd half.
If they don't either she's not there or we should be worried.
That's true.
That would be a good start.
I don't either!
But I'm in West Memphis!
CALL ME AN ARTIST CUZ I doctorW ATTENTION
Hormone Precursor Therapy Aging is a Treatable Disease
probably the greatest episode of TVD ever!!!!!
3 hours on a plane, 40 iPad battery life...don't think it's going to make it.

NS is glad to be in NYC for MAGNET Digital Summit  program is a great resource of current insights and best practices.
Dex: If monday's were a shoe, they'd be crocs...
Last few hours in France.
Bittersweet ending.
haha sorry tabbyy where ya been!?
In 2 wks at EucTavern in CLE and much more!
10 to get in, on hand too!
U no I just can't leave u out derre da catz may come back  we wouldn't want dat o.O
When's the weekend here again?
Never close enough
the Vitra sale starts tomorrow!
getting things ready now.
Change of plans haha it's gonna b like 100 degrees tomorrow so I'm just gonna wear vans....
I hate when 12 year old girls tryna be grown and shit.
Bitch play your age.
Going shopping later
LowCholesterol Recipes: Easy Orange Cream Slush 4.48 / 5 Stars  33 Reviews by AMNDBRK1 This is a simple and delicious recipe for a coo
Bikram today.
Awesome!
Heading home 4 dinner.
Day 9 of 100 day challenge though I've maybe missed 5 classes in two months.
get more physical!
2.5 million people that died in the Holocaust are still unidentified.
Every victim had a name and a family.
I connected with them when I was 12.
Heard A Day In The Life and was hooked.
RT : Disappointed that didn't win TheVoice but he's MY winner, that's for sure!
Salute bro RT : Happy earthstrong to my bro real friend loyalty !
A guy named Sergio Franco in Brookfield, CT.
CLIPPERS!!!!
I HOPE THEY WIN THIS ONE!!!!
i love to watch Blake Griffin play!!!!
2 home runs by Rangers top of 7th, is fat lady ready to sing?
thanks my dude
Leaving for Syracuse, NY tomorrow to visit my grandma for a few days prior to my Permanent Change in Station to Fort Bliss, Texas.
ah'CUSE!
oh thank god this week is over.
the mayans still want to kill us all.
got a test for you, you say you want my heart.
well baby you can have it all.
there's just something i need from you  is to meet my boys.
This copy will self destruct on the embargo date.
I use OpenOffice.
Should open most anything powerpointlike I believe.
Okay ttys!
I'll be on with at 1:30pm tomorrow talking Caps live from Amtrak on my way to NYC, this should be interesting, on 106.7 The FAN
At BLD with  the inlaws for an amazing Brunch.
Definitely starting with the Blueberry  Ricotta Cheese Pancakes!
You think you wanna die, But In reality you just want to be saved
Let me guess your preparing for your 5/23 appearance on my show RT : Work: it's what's for breakfast.
Smells like yummy breakfast up in here!
:
Never get a pest inspection from the people who will be doing the repairs.
Lovely hot Saturday.
off to the beach.
Going to the circus later.
Will be good to see Eboue again!.
Awww....
I get it, Dad.
They're on early so if you feel like trudging up to Cambridge, let me know.
Sometime you have to roll up your sleeve and do the thing that everyone has failed to do..
It is your time!!
RT : Get Ready  new report on Teens, Smartphones and Texting out at noon on Monday.
We certainly are.
Hitting up any films this weekend?
If only Arya and Tywin would play cyvasse, but we know Tywin would never do something fun.
1 absolutely!
I'm on it!
2 X is the coolest.
What a great weird mix of band geek, greaser, rockabilly and silent movie art queen!
Saw a little kid fr/ my old middle/high school ranting to a friend on the street about the president being bound by the rule of law
Venus was born on a cake?
Hope all went well with the interview today.
Send an update when u get a chance.
these battles are amazing!
AHH!
I'll come whenever you come to Miracle Mile!
But if it's to see Sabin the Babein or for your Lobsta rolls, you'll never know.
Seeking a female keyboard player who can sing.
Hit us up if u know someone!
RT : Good luck to BChockey tonight at FROZENFOUR two more to go ..
Best practice of the year tomorrow
That was such a yolo moment.
I don't even say yolo.
no my bday is tomorrow :
Was just listening to Know By Heart.
Can't seem to hear The Postman enough times.
I wanna be there and not installing my gallery's show....
Can you just pop over Sara?
AFTER the GAME..
Check out CLIPPERSLIVE on with and all our CLIPPERS Insiders!!
I resolve to spend more quality time with my family.
Your capslock button 
Don't need crowdsourcing, need nerdsourcing.
How do you find wellinformed volunteers?
: I just don't feel like doing any work right now just take off ill cover your shiff...lol
Looking for the perfect for my daughter at StyleX stylexlulus help me please
SchoolsontheBrink is coming to a close!
Yeah, there's totally cigarettes in this doctornk.
Paging
Are you from Edmonton?
Will U be there?
RT Thrilled you are coming to to teach your incredible Comedy writing course!
Just found my old TP2 cd...
R.
Kelly used to take me there.
No .
chemistry  physics.
Stephen Ross has to be ecstatic right now.
Its such a pretty daaaayyy : i cant wait for summer
Thanks so much!
Miguel Olivo slide makes up for disappointing ABs from Hawpe and Smith.
65 Red Sox, bottom 6.
This one has shootout written all over it.
Another question!
Who reads 10,000 words about stretching on a Monday morning?
Will give it a shot!!
Nap time is gunna turn into bedtime
My voice sounds ratchet literaly lol !
Dewey Moede and the staff at KKIM went above and beyond the call of duty to keep the citizens of New Mexico uptodate with news from the L
The painting has a life of its own.
I try to let it come through.
Jackson Pollack
Anyone who is a client of Foster Web Marketing is going to be very happy after this weekend!
I want a iphone 4s just to talk to Siri...
Things I hear myself say in class: So Faustus tells the devil, 'Man up, Mephistophilis!'
I wonder if any band member have read the fanfiction stories about them.
im reading one about johnny b now.lmao
: another amazing class ..
killed me.
boxing weloveyoutoo :
People can tell you how wrong you are but when you explain yourself it's like you'll never be right??????
God I love my school :
I would LOVE to
Industry tonight!!!
Across from 650.
Come one come all!!!
SD County orders Rancho Guejito to restore illegal road, complicating ranch's big growth plans.
Story soon
Fans don't boo nobodies.
Reggie Jackson
And so the end begins.
Only 24 hours ish till Chicago!
Had a truly awesome time at
If you can't read, it's going to be hard to realize doctorams.
Booker T.
Washington
I can't view my Twitter follower growth prior to March 23, 2012.
First day of rehearsal was pretty chill.
Tonight: commercial class with :
Yay!!
motivation RT : down another pound this morning!
Business, which is effortlessly defined  it is other people's money.
haha probably not
So what's the deal with ProjectX?
Yay or Nay?
If GOD has given you a vision for your future don't run from it...
Claim it, work towards it, and believe that it is YOURS!!
has returned from holiday abroad.
So sorry Dawn!
yeah i got it today!:
Q.
Early on u educated urself on wine in chatrooms how do u think tech/social media has affected the wine world?
Great talk about Community Service at the sales meeting this morning.
We're so proud of our team  their selfless service!
Marian Wright Edelman: We dont have a child problem in America, we have an adult problem in America.
that you miss me and are coming to visit and play in the snow?
pops dont do shit else lol he can atleast answer the phone!
Far exceeded them, actually.
I'm looking forward to going back to see it again ASAP!
When is better to outsource or perform locally in mobile development business  at
Jammin like Marley tonight at Solo.
Bring your report cards.
A's for 
Everyone's Sayingg Different Count Down Numbers!
Lol ,just go watch :
You're the best Jana!
To God be the Glory!
retrying twitter to be better prepared for client questions

Good Call!!
U know what I mean
Aww : I'm all for kisses all better....
but please keep your feet away from me.
:P
Hahahahahaha...I'm cool B.
You made me check to be sure tho...I barely had to scroll!
lol...
Holla!
RT : Shout out to the ladies who are responsible and putting their careers first!!
My favorite song from anybody from D1C songs?
:P
The only day I can diet is today.
I don't eat fish and the smell of fish makes me nauseous.
God why did you make Christians make this day :
Ian, have I introduced you to yet?
I knew him back when I was in Vegas and always admired his talent
I'm hungry 
Break a Leg brother!
LUV!
You're Welcome.
:
Don't be completely immune to criticism, it can serve as a vaccination to make sure your perspective stays in good health.
Soccer USA win on extra time 10 to Venezuela in friendship match in Arizona
can i get a break from the world?
to bad that's virtually impossible...
I love it!
I'm your first follower!!!
I feel so honored!!!!
;
Love New York City, but there is something about the South with all its quirks and peculiarities that beckon me home...
Welcome back to campus Hoyas!
Less than a week until Jack Jr.
that TOs major sportsentertainment franchises are the real thing in sports.
So they are somewhat confused about worldclass sports events
Tonight: Toasted Caramel Macadamia Cheesecake on special with our homemade Pecan Rum Ice Cream!
Exclusively at our Balboa Park location.
Girl, SF is in a class all its own!
Peeling back my layers!
9am Arsenal vs Wolverhampton Wanderers
I had no idea OIISDP was so dangerous!
Are British bats more or less frightening than American ones?
Starting at blockbuster tomorrow!
FINALLY i have a job again.
wonderful
GREAT idea.
I use an old mousepad so it absorbs the doctorps and makes me look like I am master of the matrix with mice
Join me and much of the nation on generalstrike Nov 2.
Don't work or buy anything.
Govt should fear its ppl, not visa versa
mine too
Ha, yeah.
To me, DMB fans seems like Cubs fans w/their games.
It's the atmosphere/party that's more important.
Paying 800 in rent is about the sexiest thing I can think of.
I have seen it!
Some pretty quality investigative reporting if you ask me!
www.icraigery.com is finally up!
Give me suggestions on how I can make my blog better!
I need feedback please!
I love it when pitchers are a contributing part of the offense!
Way to go, Zack!
you're so close to 110K.
I'm like so excited for you.
it won't be long!
You coming to the thing tonight?
I wasn't invited.
AAWWWWKWWWWAAARRDD.
it's the best thing on right now.
LOVE it.
: What are your expectations on tonight's NFLdoctorft?Too have Danny and Winston doctorfted tonight!
throwing hands in the Carter's.
Say it ain't so.
Had 1st TV Production Mtng w/ Agent and Development Company!
Really getting exciting!
Keep following for news !
Let's get back on track.
Do it.
It's sad but true...
I guess I was even more delirious than I thought because I had a lot of fun at work today.
I even said, We should come in at 5 more often.
yeah who knows how accurate a movie with Jake Gyllenhaal and Anne Hathaway is though ;
Growing up I was always taught never to talk to strangers now in business and they said talk to everyone
other than Thome are there any other active players who homered at Cleveland Municipal Stadium?
See you in the morning!
Congrats on episode 50 and the new production company, Guys.
Awesome!!!
Thanks for the shoutout, too!
Made my day!
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing customized homes around San Antonio.
They are intercutting very brief live shots with a pretaped show and crowd noise.
At least Tom Petty played.
thanks Hope you are doing ok
I'm not sure if I ever told my followers goodnight, but I am tonight.
Sleep well, loves!
Breakfast time and I am so hungry that I can eat a python...oh,,,it's the other way around?..sorry,,,but gotta go!
I guess :  why do you hate fingers  toes?
lol you're dumb
Tired, my hair looks/feel like shit, i have no one to talk to, and spring break is over, and im fucking pissed.
were they affected by the big earthquake?
Miso soup  Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
What are the books on your reading list this summer?
We're looking for suggestions for The Reading Room section of the website
TGIF!Good morning!
Thanks for the great meeting!
You can't ignore me now, I can see if you read the msg or not.
Service isn't something that is just nice to have.
It's a necessity.
Charisse Lillie
Yeah the white queers r especially thirsty.
It's irritating.
Remember that tabloid article they spread when Whitney passed?
you heard the LP yet?
so good!
Young journalist, with MBA's, making less than 60K are not jouralists.
They are boring as hell and incompetent
I can fix that
It really just depends!
It goes both ways!
It's Vertical Day.
11/11 have you made your wish?
I wish i could meet i just know we'd be great friends!
lol
anyone else going to 3B and the pitcher throws that to 1B.
Barajas is that slow.
Quit your shenanigans or ill hide your alcohol!!!
RT : Stalker!!!!
Saw a girl curling her hair while doctorving on the thruway...!!
And they only outlaw texting?
that would be the correct word..
Your attitude influences EVERYTHING!
Be optimistic, expect the best  see the best in others
Sorry about that Erin!
Release the Kragen!
I was really about t fall asleep right now and then I realized that it's barely about to be 10
Publish or perish goes for commercial publishers, too.
how long u gotta go till its over!?!?!
Pee Wee Herman is back!
I guess he figured that by 2009 standards, he's downright dignified.
Douglas county allowing users to optin to save their borrowing history.
The statement that they should be making is to Brown get this team out there and win!
But I mean personally I Don't get planking or coning and think they are both pointless..no offense to planking or coneing lovers.
we encourage creativity.
Also subbing one item makes a world of difference.
we got to open one present, picked out by mom.
It was always matching pajamas.
Still wear pjs on Christmas eve.
SPRING SALEThursday, Friday,  SaturdaySpecial group of merchandise 70 to 90 OFF.
Sales are final.
: doctorving, tweeting and taking pictures simultaneously?
U really r a master at multitasking!
Wow, Lopez Cantera is too chicken to answer simple questions.
Oh well.
Strange smell of vodka on the bus....
:S
Boston tomorrow !
:D
Okay ladies.
If someone compliments you, don't say it's not true.
That's fucking rude!
Accept the compliment and shut the fuck up.
Part of the ed dysfunction is the lack of concern by most media entities to encourage ed as they inundate youth with their prod.
yo im to the crib
My current dilemma.
RT : Sometimes you forgive people simply because you still want them in your life.
Wrong.
RT : May have to actually watch The Daily Show tonight.
He's got Feingold...his first TV appearance since his loss.
we should book it in may.
I want to move to Portland Oregon
Justin Follow Austin Mahone, he'd fan girl.
To my new followers CHEERS!!!
:
Did I just win or...
Our cameras catch moments when 315 yr olds,charged w/arson in Woodburn High fire,walk out of police dept.
KGW 8 11pm
We aim to please : Oh, and tell all your friends about
I deleted most of them cuz I didnt want to seem annoying tweeting about 1D all the time :
RT Amber Rose's rapping  to Kim Kardashian's dick sucking skills  That's some real bad rapping right there!
We say hi and bye that's not talking D;
But at least I won't have to see the Bill Hall replay 10 times today
Why do I need a New Moms Group?
Check out this article from Next session starts May 3rd, truly amazing....
yes, it's hilarious.
I love videostroboscopy.
Spent part of the day arguing whether nodules or polyp w sympathetic lesion.
Love hearing is having a positive impact at the NFLCombines.
picks players with high talent and character.
thanks for the retweet fellas!
Why are people so upset at cops pepper spray of students?
Its made from pepper so is a food product and cops were just serving free lunch!
this restaurant is amazing
Happy that Will Barnet and Martin Puryear received National Medal of Arts,  John Ashbery bags a Nat'l Humanities Medal!
We hope everyone gets into some ruckus street bass action this weekend!
APD started tweeting names of people they've arrested.
Figured, might as well.
Pretty sure they're all guilty anyway.
The best protection a parent can give their football playing child, is the KNOWLEDGE  TRAINING to protect themselves from avoidable injury.
Thank you!
You are very kind!
yay!
You're going on a trip with us!!!
Hah!
RT You know it's time to do soemthing else when you start plugging in random words in Pinterest.
Nixon and Rebozo up in a tree...Richard ain't talking, 'Bebe' ain't talking, Spiro ain't talking; Fulsom is talking.
Cranky K is cranky.
You have been warned.
In today's things I can't believe file: I live in oregon.
I woke up in SF at 530a.
I am going to a concert right now.
Ima buy a supreme board, grizzly grip tape, venture trucks, and my old wheels and bearings.
Can't wait!!!!
Life is like a novel.
You are the author and everyday is a new page.
Even a stopped clock...gives the right time twice a day.
Loved being part of the conversation!
Thunderstorms baby!
fish is the closest thing you will ever get to smelling pussy.
Wisconsin beat IU.
Just wanted to say that again.
rdap12 great question about prospects for standardization of data citation.
Answers appear to suggest: who knows or not likely...
Oh my gosh, says the girl who rolls out of bed at 1 in the afternoon!
Don't even!!
Haha!
Underground  8:07!
Spread the word!
Had a good day today now im watching
I want tacos.
Badly.
I'm back didnt try to do dat
Well, he is a European Socialist MT I think it balances the NBA that Pau Gasol is only THIS good half of the time.
Promotes parity
While doctorvingNOT COOL!
Yay!!
Just auditioined for a new feature and nailed it.
Details to follow.
Stay tuned!
i didnt get any songs for me to do on YouTube want some songs please and THX o and they can be anykind of songs just need em
modevux vs.
Jakob Nielsen: a mobile content cagematch I'd pay to see.
: Shock Media apples vs oranges.
Stick to the treadmill my friend.
Fuck her good, Give her lots of attention, show her lots of affection, make her laugh and her ass ain't going no where
DUDE.
Me too!
o.o
Hey everyone!
Due to a scheduling conflict, The Punk Show is postponed tonight.
We'll let you know the reschedule date ASAP!
Thanks!
Thanks, I was worried about coffee there for a moment.
How did you arrange breakfast with Casey Anthony?
Amended motion to merge 68th/81st St Schools passes unanimously.
Headed to Seattle Startup Day 2010.
R u there??
only Rk47 can't tweet while he showers
I love it!
What a perfect length on you.
What?
French ladies can be oceanographers, too?
We have so much freedom now!
Pottermore, more like Boughtermore.
: Oh, you say cray?
Please, tell me about your past in the hood.
First Fat Tire in 8 months!!!
You fucking flirt with so many guys and then you wanna date all of them.
Man gtfo.
i aint neva gonna date you, quit actin like a fool.
get it get it : Don't Stop
: Somebody's getting married!!
Oh it's me!
cowannuptials / HEX YEAH!!!
As fixed rates improved to new lows for the year, adjustable rates plummeted.
then don't mention it
We ARE open today so come on down and see us!
Our techs are out on the roads and the conditions seem pretty good around here!
Just got a nice call from former Chiefs great Eddie Kennison.
Good guy, good guy.
We have some upcoming show dates for THE ENDERS, DYNAMIC BOX,  More!
Check in frequently and Support Local Music!
Good to see you both last night ...
if only momentarily!
I hope you saw each other!
Could the night have gone any better for Trader Ted?
Shark Week starts tomorrow...
:D
Had a pretty amazing night at OKCSwitch.
The worship was dope, the energy from the students was strong, and the small groups were great.
APD: investigators were called at 5 pm to Eklutna Lake, where human remains were found.
Me: what's Warhorse about?
Dad: a horse....in a war.
Jetting off to Colorado!!!
my pleasure!
I love your blog.
It's fantastic.
If that old computer is ready for the trash call A1 Shredding, its very important the Hard doctorve is shredded CALL TODAY.
Our foster dog, Mali, is sleeping on my neck while I sew.
Dinnertime!!!
Is it really Sunday night?
waka's quitting tweet just left me speechless...
What did one melon say to the other?
We cantaloupe.
You are welcome.
:
being a minion has its perks.
Then again the grass is always greener.
And my game is not ready for prime time.
i feel like no one likes me and im not pretty and that i'm really fat......
Man!
I shoulda played MegaMillions last week.
I'm one lucky son of a youknowhat.
lol
Oh new ps3.
Makes me want to cry.
Google's Chief Health Strategist, We learn to boil people down to numbers.
Guitars are fickle things
ThingsIveLearned Harry Styles will never follow me
are you here yet?!
Reggae in the per bar tonight!
SMILE BIG!!
It's going down!
Prozak and more at BLACK SHEEP TONIGHT!
Ladies doctorss 80's  doctornk free vodka all night  Beauty Bar!
Guys 5!
10PM!
Happy Hour 2 for 1 doctornks 69PM!
At the jazz Gallery checking out the homy Adam Larson!
We have a great deal tomorrow perfect for ladies, and for kids!
What could it be?
Check your inboxes!
Another problem is brands.
Nobody cares about record label or chain store.
But isn't credential from known college still valuable?
I can imagine me just chillen by a fireplace eating FONDUE with ..
LOL
So...
Watched a guy I know eat a ladybug on the subway last night.
Weird.
Surreal.
Nightmarish.
Did it really happen?
I support Romney for President.
He is a solid, business guy, and doesn't make mistakes.
Newt has a history of missteps.
Romney can WIN.
Great!
Where did you get them from?
Who's excited for the MadMen season premier tonight?!
Our first official tweet.
We're excited to be a part of Twitter and would be thrilled if you'd like to be a part of our community.
what's good I got more tracks I'm 18 I mix all that on my own mic computer and interface go by mar
Good thing Check your invite:
We giving ZRO an after party 2night he is our special invite 10  door 2451 walnut ridgedallas, tx 75229 behind club bmr
We hope you and your dad had a great time today!
One more day until the official Ribbon Cutting of BFC!
Me too!
RT : So excited 4 the CNArelaunch 2nite at Hancock Signature Room!
How can it go from being sunny one day to snowing the next day hateChicagoweather !
At fremos having a blast!
Did you receive my email last week?
I never got to officially say goodbye!!!
Looks like it might rain tonight???
lol no im not u knw u still got it to
it's TWO HOURS including the one for the next week and trueconfession I listened to the whole thing
Going 2 Denver Mosaic group's meeting about 504s tonight.
Speaker is Jim Long from the Office of Civil Rights.
Very excited!
Thanks for the comment on the FB page.
Very cool biped in the professorle photos.
Love this idea!
MT nonprofessorts can collaborate by pushing each others' content via social media
The best leaders/managers can turn underachievers into overachievers.
The million dollar question is what's the magic formula?
I'm getting it cut really soon actually but how the hell are we supposed to be tanning buddies?
:P
quote: You took shop.
I took dance.
Are you sure that train isn't a portal to the past?
I had to ask a term limits question...
I won't say it.
we can discuss on the show.
Geo Broadcast Solutions Talks About Its 'ZoneCasting' Plan  Radio World
Could be an alternative to email, no?
Since most email is essentially, I need you to do X
Just passed 12 dump trucks at midnight.
I hope bruce willis knows about this.
Wall St.
is doing quite well.
Main St.
is not.
That seriously was the funniest tweet ever.
HA!
Oh no!
Onomatopoeia!
The last video wasn't Call Me Maybe, but it probably should've been
my lil sis loves ur music ..
her birthday us voming up shr said if u can fo a shout out for her birthday her name is brenda,,
That's who you really like.
The people you can think out loud in front of.
Had a great time on the Sutter District Block Walk all the others!
Great beers great atmosphere!
gorgeous, would love to get you in front of my camera sometime this year.
i need more followers please i need soome more
.
I don't watch when you're not on, and no one else should
Betrayal is the only truth that sticks.
Arthur Miller
MyPastRelationships were with SLUTS.
Thanks to all you folks who have followed us recently!
We have a show coming up on the 20th at The Building in East Nashville!
Love the Life you Live, Live the Life you Love  Bob Marley
says December will bring jobs for some of you, just keep pushing and stay positive.
uhm you don't need a spell for that.
I already do love you forever and ever amen hahahahaha culera
Could have went to Bike Week, just found out.
Smh
secretly very pleased I might get an andoctorid developer tshirt from my G hookups.
I believe UK will get or Jefferson decides Tuesday, if he doesn't pull the trigger, I think Montrezl will.
wow...
did u go 2 practice?
You know it's cold outside when white say it cold
You are beautiful and your wedding pics are magical.
Ignore it all.
Haters are jealous and miserable with their own lives.
Every now an again I have to resist the urge to defend my work against folk who just don't get it...
or let's say misunderstands it..
Such a great meeting with my accountability sisters 
For more information regarding courses please check out our calendar, follow us on facebook, or contact your local regional representative
Big, mischievous: 2x
Just found out about Levon Helm dying.
That is a real bummer.
Levon was a true American Treasure.
Great night with Jarred.
Diff between 2 Philly playoff wins today: Flyers had a shot at winning their series.
Sixers...they at least get one more game check.
It was just confirmed we had 3 die in a tornado in east Tennessee.
I'm a first responder  these storms r heartbreaking Sam!
I wish I could get revenge......
I wonder if he was just there to see the spiderman preview
All of my work is already posted on Pinterest under Lizzy Photography.
blow it up your donkey!!!
Cameron is so fudging cool!!
I love that kid!!!
ha no kidding!
I got you babe!
Love that guy.
Out to fish.
You?
Liz is right about that?
...wishing I was on the beach not now, but RIGHT NOW!
daydoctoraming till I pass out :
I did!
It's really cool.
wow your bennies suck lol crazy huh life is expensive sometimes lol
Will be idle on Twitter and only tweet once the season starts?
We're giving away tix for FREE, all you have to do is RT
ok my user name is redbonegamerchick
Ha!
My tentative plan is to stop by Foster first and hop over to Cults around 10.
So darnit, start early.
Tweetbig has not been working since last Sunday!
All my accounts are basically frozen with NO support from them!
HORRIBLE!
Guy Garvey has the voice of a dear old friend.
Soon to be unveiled and shortly cancelled: New Westlaw.
darn, no new Mexico this time around...
20ThingsAboutMe I seriously need to get my hair done, omg it's been forever...
:o
: your welcome, how old are u?14
but I like chicken
dh11 Gaffield: discuss how to collaborate, what that means.
This list is actually cool/fascinating because it has a LOT of people you wouldn't expect.
But listing Skrillex is dumb.
Nice day.
Can I get a follow back from the thanks for the RT
Just don't sew your sleeve into it : What are you making?
So we've been reflecting and taking a little time..
Looking forward to making our next best record ever, soon.
M.
doctoraming of my homeland and watching Homeland.
Big time!
RT : it was fun but so HOT!
Have a great week
Forte is looking good.....I think a pass to Olson is in order right here.
seems like a losing strategy and a horrible existence.
good luck with the ideological hatred thing
might crash like a deck of cards
Is it because they're trying to make the game safer or is it a kneejerk reaction to the bad press?
6 minutes of death??
Doing coffee and making accidental hardstyle songs with in the apt.
studio
so pretty!
They are!
thats a really cool page :
Ugh, I am so tired.
Why am I still up???
By comparing with my own data collected through the years, I can assure you that the stats provided by are pure garbage.
his family sold the team but nice try
Watching a livestream of the Rupert Murdoch and the Leveson Inquiry.
Riveted, almost in spite of myself.
Ugh mann its about that timee to get that Hoodoctort vaxination !
The feeling of accomplishment comes when being retweeted and favored
That's funny, I never look at it anymore.
Guess I didn't understand the formula beforehand...
Instead ill prolly be up for about 40 hours strait
stfu  text me then, im lonely
Scott what brand of shoes u wear the most?
Is Frankfurt the best way?
There's a side of you that I never knew never knew...
Still not over the fruit basket thing?
jfc.
Good Night Twitter Gotta Work  5 O'Clock In The Morning
hey cutie with the nice booootie.
is ready for you to perform on the voice.
Hurry please.
Lebron gets his way.
It's sad but reality
Escalation of egos on the esplanade.
Race/cop tension alive and captainred on camera.
Pregnant Because Of Jerry, amen!
That sure that's true, but is certainly safer :
Man immature people get on mi nerves
U know I got a bruise on my eye lid cause of u bruh?
lol
come now :
Roberto Garza gets a new contract.
Thank you.
Now how about the best back in the league???
Hahahahahaha...
uh CAN'T!
excellent christmas eve dinner with coworkers at an expat bar and now there's a sleeping puppy in my lap.
A MERRY CHRISTMAS INDEED.
After the game all liquor doctornks AND shots are 241 until closing.
Live band Ghost of Gloria on stage.
CovertTU was just awesome!
Soon we will post the aftermath on our blog.
Watch for it!
Marching Band
sick song.
more organ!
An absolutely adorable little boy was running around a few minutes ago yelling LOOK at THAT!
to just about everything he saw.
Too cute.
Love is not what we become, but what we already are.3
I got some questions about using the usb adaptor for the ipad.
anyone have ny experience?
TOYS!
go uptown new york city biiittttccchhhh
it was like trying to embrace a shadow
quite the zong in that photo
I wish people would be happy with wat they got.
smh, Stfu and stop complaining
re:TwitSpam did you get the sex caller from London?!
If u want something done right u got to do it yo damn self.....
Smh ok mo money for me.............
I guess that's whats going to have to happen!
Replacing a old shower head can save up to 7.5 gallons of water per minute without sacrificing full spray action at low/high water pressures
RT Don't forget Comedy FIGHT!
This Sunday, 11/15, 9 PM at the HiTone.
10 awesome comics for only 8!
Hot Damn, is it nicer than it looks outside?
This is bullshit that I'm up already
is working on a Sandals luxury included honeymoon for clients.
: Loved bbm and thanks to everybody who liked my shirt....ItsTrue!!!
RT where can I get it j wova?
: LMAO  that last RT lol I'm laughing with you that guy is an ass lol
Oh haha I knew that lol :D  : isn't that a shoe?
lol : na dude its a toyota supra haha
I am a SocialWorker And I Am Proud !
Thank you.
So explain the logic: Republicans want to keep Bush Tax cuts for rich but let pay roll tax cuts for millions of middle class workers expire.
Come meet Greg Toler of the az cardinals 530 pm.
Plus 2 football games to watch.
:So my coworker still txting me.I said you're uglyshe replieslmfao you're so mean.It wasn't a joke tho
: People are so quick to judge others faults, but never quick to point out their own.
dailyfeedback We're looking for musicians who are referred to by their first name only.
Results  4:20pm on 91.3fm.
Silly question, but are your nails acrylic pink and white?
They always look so perfect
and just like that, it was gone.
how should we release the new record?
Dear AmericanIdol, I'll tell you the same thing I told my grandma: Crawl into a casket  die already.

Are you livetweeting your date?
That is awesome...
The schlecks as terrified whippet like Zaphod Beeblebrox is an interesting image
last day??
where are you headed?
I like to tell random stories to people...randomly.
this is me: wanna hear a story?
okay!
I dont take no for an answer..
lol :
Wasn't an argument?
anyone who gives me a shoutout will get 1o DMs to christian..
i would say just but HE AINT FOLLOWING ME!
:
shoutouts to the fans of !
you guys motivate him and care for him FOR HIM !
TeamBaeza :
All this toning is starting to pay off.
Go Cece!!!
:
I also noticed you dont have a personal website, I design and build websites for a living ..
na veivuke ke na veiqaravi ga
Attrition is the elephant in the room edureformers don't addoctorss.
A stable pipeline of teachers is key.
PR is only real time communication for brands.
Best firms understand how brand communicates at large.
thank you :
Watching A Bugs Life in biology and exams are in a week?
ummwhat?
and if Biden hadnt said what he said, he would still b silent on marriage.
is also donating to at this Sunday's food truck rally at Come check it out!
the mcrib is back.
Are you stoked and already eaten a dozen.
Never understand your love of pressed meat.
nasty and storming here in NE TN!!
Wish I had warm weather and sunshine!
Have a great day!
:
So disturbed by the LUVs diaper cartoon with babies outpooping one another!
dontyougettiredof freakish commercials?!
So long Bandai.
It was fun while it lasted.
JDOTT dance is in 102 until 1 a.m.
Come join the fun!
Some weird kid was trying to chit chat it up, and I was like yeah yeah me no english
maybe you should introduce him to Tyler xD
Friday is Naked Breakdancing day here at Study Breaks!
Texting him and watching Toy Story to go to bed  BuenasNoches 
he doesnt have to keep putting crowns on his shoes haha
Q: What's your favorite song?
Either Set Fire to the Rain or Rolling in the Deep.
Sucker for love, Mmm.
Sucker for love.
now that's what I'm talkin about :::::::: swag .
Fuego out is in
I play the piano and sing for women but for the bitches I will be playing youtube lol
If you're going to ride your bike on the sidewalk, puhlease don't be an ahole, declare your passon your left!
Tom Miller frim PBOT People come to pdx because it's a place that walking is viable.
It should not be taken for granted.
fine!
Working on getting a tweet from
I would think it does.
EIS appeal?
Amen to that sir.
MT : I wish there was a function on my iPhone that told all sites: No I don't want your iPhone app.
Happy Birthday to the best 2 year old I know...
Kaya Breckyn.
So excited to celebrate w/ her and !!!!
Got all this glitter crap on me wondering where it came from
Hate people that smoke squares get yo nasty breath ass out my face
PuppyConan is hilariously lame and cute all at once :
MAD AS HELL!
doctorwBrees only gets 2 votes out of 50 for MVP!?
what the FUCK!?
I guess breaking records ain't enough?
fuccery!
Thanks Dave!
And Thanks for giving me so many photojournalism opportunities while in South Korea!!
Watching the muppets BECUZ some dirty ass bastard decided to steal my cable while I was sleeping, smh I'm pissed!
You're not the only one!
what are you talking about???
my firm has give timetreasure over the past 20 years to the SD RParty.No longer.Tired of their games and divisive leadership.
I blocked him, but I saw he mentioned me after....According to him, because I found his bible blitizkrieg in my mentions annoyin
Cant wait till the besti get here uggh bored
trying not to nap.
got up early for tennis
I guess Cubs fans can forget about Fielder.
Rizzo is a younger solid option.
Be excited.
Avg tix  Cubs: 65
I hope so.
I have owie teeth so fingers crossed
When you want to talk to someone about something but you don't know how to bring it up
yours bigger and wider :
ThermaCELL contest has great prizes.
Use my code when you enter: 4RBFQ.
thermacell.com/mosquitorepellent/backyard/promotions
Im always gonna be a face to face kinda girl  for that
Mixing has officially begun!
lol I know u know what I mean.
right??
People who say that town is dead are bananas.
It's just really, really cold.
Wats good people I am back in da building
update email 4 to have the word 'melted' in italics.
I miss Lyle Overbay.
Not so much as a Brewer.
More like I miss him being in the lineup like he was yesterday.
Nap time.
OMMMGGGG, my cartilage is startin to get that big as bubbleeea EWWWWW .
I have seen left behind now that i have been left behind i imagined something different
TY for the RT did an amazing job of recovering.
He was so smooth and unruffled.
Great recovery!
I got homework.
I don't feel like doing it.
Must be getting to the end of the semester.
This school needs to get on the quarter system.
ugh still working on it.
I wish I was sleeping.
Why do I always think procrastinating is a good idea?
I MISSED DANCE MOMS.
oh well, staying up so I can watch the rerun of this weeks episode:
Great meeting with staff on state and federal charter school issues.
Hope to have him tour MO charters soon.
Morning Sultan!
I can't stop listening to L'z anthem ..
Being inspired causes you to be an inspiration.
My left arm feels weird..
:o like its gonna fall off..
What if im having a heart attack?
WTF are you doing in Arena?
Trash and Treasure?
Headed to the World Architecture Festival event in London!
Great days at High Point Market.
Ok cool!
Keep checking back here and our Facebook for more shows!
did they have to put her down?
sure thing
Considering using Exhibit for my next digital liberal arts course.
Can students grok and produce RDF more easily than SQL?
Thought u're only supposed to riot if u win.
Confused RT : Riots, fires continue in downtown Vancouver after Stanley Cup loss.
jealous!
needs some fun office toys!
slipslide maybe?
But love pingpong!
whydoeseveryone have a cracked iPhone?
You should really be more careful P make whydoeseveryone a TT haha
Website is up and running!
I feel for you.
I hope they can be reconstructed somehow?
Its okay,  omfg I legit just went too.
lolol.
I'm gonna go to bed now, I'm sleepy.
good night hoe.
Happy Mothers Day : Love u!!!
3
I do!
now I really hope Chelsea beats Liverpool for second time in less than week Tue.
Sorry mate but again happy for u for Jon.
Do you people not subscribe to magazines?!I dont understand why I the only one outraged by the prospect of not recieving mail on Saturday.
That would work, but I don't want to have to chitchat.
Plus, you know, murder.
Would the real change be represented in underemployment statistics?
Females will move on fast and open thier heart real quick..????
at a dnc private party no idea who these ppl are lol
lol I don't think anyone has ever offered to lick my toes!
Hahaha thank you!
;
Just because you put syrup on somethin' don't make it pancakes
Backtoback concert nights.
At Showbox SODO now for The Naked and Famous.
Coldplay tomorrow.
I can feel my batteries recharging :
lactaid tastes legit
hey, thanks!!!!
I'll take a look!
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times...
switch of birth : and then 2 hours teen mom tonight
UPEIAN105 A gentle reminder to read the Whitehead and Van den Berghe articles for tomorrow.
We now return you to your regular programming.
: Sounds fun!
Have a good one!
:
Thinking of the absurdity of attempting to tabulate, compute and define people in terms of incidental factors like age, weight, or height.
I LOVE that Idea, so I GIVE this some thought.
I use echelon it's cool and free
it's official now
Hm I wonder if kim kardashin sex tape still out like can u find it?.
Figuring out how to play a piano with magic and sound but no hands.
Making theater is amazing.
Agreed!
makes some delicious at
lol I wish!
I know I have too much stuff.
Trying to scale back now.
I am getting much too good at changing clothes in my car.
Does anybody know where I can spend these Sklansky dollars as I have alot of them tonight
doctorp his ass Miguel.
I think they play at noon
what shoe?
RT : restock on size 13 yet?
freezing my ass off in my room
They have rich owners.
They never said they didn't have money, they just never spend.
BOOM...
Latch it!
this pizza is burning my mouth!!
D;
Come to Toledo...Soon.
Thank you :
I saw it too.
LOVED it!
Mark Ruffalo is perfectly cast as David Banner/The Hulk.
Giving Wisconsin cheese on a regular basis is one of the best ways to grease the proverbial wheels of
Txttlktees back from the World Tour of Japan.
Had an unreal time there!!!
Eating strawberries, whip cream and choclate syrup : yum
quotes Greatness is not a function of circumstance.
Greatness, it turns out, is largely a matter of conscious choice, and discipline.
Ok, Moneyball is getting better....started a little slow....guess I will stick with it...
Would any of my wine doctornking tweeps be upset if I put an ice cube in my KoolAid, aka Beringer Zinfandel?
Didn't think so.
I used to have a bowl named G.
..like a crack pipe?
uh no, i smoked weed out of it...
The taylor gang compilation album is gonna be nice.
Sad day in NJ history...
FortMonmouth closing due to 2005 BRAC decision.
Gave you what I had you tossed it in the trash

Senate Republicans are refusing to vote for a budget because it includes earmarks...
that they requested be in the budget.
caffeine is ok!
Not quitting CHOCOLATE.
It is something in the coffee oils.
I had tea and chocolate.
Still hurting.
in the studio with Bronze
Congrats Melanie TheXfacter she deserves it
Must See: VBrick Streaming Formula Hybrid this afternoon
glad to see so many friendly faces at idigbio!
I could not believe how lazy he was in last night's game, it was infuriating!
And I had such high hopes when we got him, too..

pray for me lol
I agree that Black Widow is an advancement in the depiction of woman heroes, but still come on, her main power/ability is deceit...
I think the SLJ review spoils a major plot point in LforA, which I read before the book.
Hope you like it as much as I did.
Winning another election isn't the end for Walker.
He still has promises to keep to ALL of us.
I love watching you on Chelsea Lately and I want so much for you to have your own show!!
Hilarious!!
Smash!
The version is hot too!
RT : Is it me or is TRAIN doctorve By a GREAT record?
Wow  what a month!
2 trips to China in one month, but for the right reasons!
I don't mind travel, really.
In fact, I love the adventure.
RT : writing another column for
I don't know about you, but if I don't do my job, I don't get paid.
Thanks to the talented staff for the opportunity to listen to you and learn from you.
Now to the in Abilene!
haha i'm sure we can make that happen....
every one says that im not him who is he every one says are u naill
2ThingsIAppreciate life and everything
The Lakeshow has been cancelled due to a Thunderstorm
Everyone knows that im a goofy fun person naturally but when im serious trust you'll know and i dont play games when i am.
Sweet!
I'll pass it around.
We are excited to be here : Excited that  from will be attend the 14th LATINA
Check out nu song and video /watch?vvxFUzW /via
Daily devo.
Then music time, and maybe a little Fruit Ninja?
:
Early they're AWESOME, then they are fun, then weird, then...
depressing.
If you hit 100 then they get awesome again.
RT : Miranda Lambert concert halted in Wichita, Kan., audience told to stay in arena bowl 
Did anyone else's checkin's doctormatically doctorp on their business page?
What does it say when my type 2 diabetes dad says give me another pill instead of a diet change?
Finally!
tonight.
I'm doctorssing up as Cersei and punching myself in the face every time I see Joff on screen.
: Takes time  effort for journos to tell real stories, but owe it to us.
Not just about clashes w/ police.
Good things come to those who wait?.....
No
I think that sounds like a fantastic idea!!!!
I'm down!!
Yeah i made it the entire night, in HEELS!!!!!!!
you kids that sit there cryin because of a relationship every night need to learn what real problems are.
Paypal is an absolute nightmare to work with.
I swear I get the same 18 year old boy reading from a cue card every time I call.
Work your magic witch or I'll kill everyone you fancy.
Americans love lists.
Fa Face all I need is an ear my G!
I grew up on your music and Pac's.
Lend me an ear!
next time, don't forget the pickles
thinkin shawn will have two choices next yr.
military or job corp.
lol if i have my way w/ my move.
lol

always good..
Maybe not always great..
But always good..
How bout u?
Morning Rockstars!
Never lose a chance of saying a kind word.
William Thackeray
Thank god Dennis and Carl are not alive to see how bad their group is now.
beachboys  Grammys
We are very excited to have you attend  for our very fun event!
:
doctorams come to reality
I just spent all day outside doing work for my sister, came home  my amp doesn't work at all now...
no guitar sound  sad day :
At the same Dam time
Seeing Duke's production of the musical Ragtime tonight.
Been too long since I've seen a musical or a student production.
Will be fun!
RT : CHART OF THE DAY: Proof That Fannie And Freddie Didn't Cause The Housing Bubble...
Jealous RT : : Question: who's got a meetmeme card?
Everyone at table raises hand.
Boom smmatters
Pacific Palisades Garden Club Garden Tour  PalisadianPost
Wouldn't be a 2012 Tournament game without lots of questionable endofgame decisions.
Giving out Ipads!
Follow me!
met this morning with and going right now to play with their web site.
You can build your own bike lanes!
RT : RT : Happy EarthDay!
Remember, the greenest building is the one already here!
Hug your local historic site!
So, like, you're a man right?
Not a boxing fan, Ima wrestling fan!
Bout to watch this fight anyways though just to see if the money hitting machine gone win.
haha it's really easy though my other students are doing really well with it!
my arms are so sore from the shots i got in my arms today.
July 14th thurs.
did show as MonteCarlo Brown w/ReazonOne.
Please stay tuned for more MonteCarlo Brown.
That sounds like a blast!!
I'll put my slides up, but I think they archive the Virtual Conference sessions.
I'll also be presenting it aam2012 on 5/1
Twitter for blackberry's amazing
How can I already be so far behind when today is the first day of the semester?
Don't answer that.
swarm of local and national media covering this story today...officers will be appearing in court for arraignment in 20 mins
Today's Shabazz and Noel announcements may determine whether was onto something in his UK article for
puerto ricans are just niggas with good hair that can swim really good 
Showcasesundays is not today its next Sunday  da sub t send stage name to
Great show tonite got some good film with film coming soon!
good looking out to the AMG family..all the best!
I was on follow limit
God is truly beautiful  rich in mercy // please don't take Him for granted
Hell, it seems we're all gonna get THAT anyway.
Its taking out everyone.
Goodhumored, unaffected girls, will not do for a man who has been used to sensible women.
They are two distinct orders of being.
Today will unfold..
there might be a plan, but regardless, it will unfold and the unexpected will happen.
Go with flow..
lmao that guy totally stole my money right in front of my face hahaha
Their doing fine.
My son is preparing for prom and graduation.
How's your family?
Every time I watch Dear John it reminds me of , b/c I know how much she loves this movie.
.3
Hope it's a great night tonightevery lineup you've had has been pretty exciting.

lovely lovely pea
African feast today in class with
Awh,How you been though?
when can we got y'all in San Diego?
We need some of y'all ignorance!
my littlest says, Mom, I love you super bad.
ditto, darling boy.
I wish I had a rescue pack that could always come to the rescue.
My cold will not go away!
My whole class has been sneezing and coughing  Thank God it's Friday.
I will be sleeping as much as possible.
a balanced budget is but NOT a balanced budget amendment!
Like That Thanks 4 Picking My Name.Problems

the sample you sent me sucked as !!!!
i should post that shit so EVERYBODY can see wtf im talking bout .
.
.
.
haha it's very rare I suppose:
Real PR Media cutting its fees by nearly 50 for 2012!
Let us know if you'd like news coverage.
We have the best contacts in the news media!
Heading to Headliner's Club for forum!
We tried more than once to record The Office and the DVR wouldn't allow it.
However, we can buy the opportunity via on demand for 99cents.
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Syrup Desserts  Dessert
Why, when you actually finish homework at a decent time, there is nothing to do.
I miss the old Staples commercial...It's the most wonderful time of the year!
: my last tweet.
me ultimo tweet good luck buena suerte..
Douchebag
In related news, uxdoctornkinggame is my new favorite site
Stuck in line at the Dutch Bros.
Coffee doctorvethru on 4th Plain Blvd.
This is maddening.
Rest up before my insanity workout
Blocking social networking sites from school to protect kids from the dangers of the webusing abstinenceonly ed.
to prevent pregnancy.
I'm pissed off  dejected, but the C's will be back strong next year, bigger  better in the middle.
Deeper bench.
No tweet on the second Middlebrooks HR of the night?
the day you unfollowed me was the day I gave up on twitter.
haha
Follow me and I will follow you back!
WAVE GAME!!
Tell me if this sounds bad..Happy Vday from ur fav creeper, I wish I was Inside of U...
really?
Recently?
Did anyone have any good fixes??
Good news after good news....
shhhh nobody move
u one the most creative go rls dat has ever been in my life :
Caztro done in da booth and John D owes him one now thats respect on Caztros part reps 100
Bleed is so god I just bought it
lol u there yet?
liber2011 To derive impact metrics automatically, the info from which we derive the metrics must be openly available.
Have to say, I like the home page for bing.com...
results aren't bad either ;
This May 21st thing has been a epic fail since since the sox bullpen gave up 8 runs in the 8th inning vs the cubs
u got one big ass.
Today is Jon Koncak's birthday.
And Tony Parker, Channing Frye, and Danny Manning.
Woods Hole dispatch: cargo pants are the fashion to be seen in.
NCVT: Now is the time to do your diligence and consider adding NCVT to your portfolio!
RT if you love jeans!
Where have you found your favorite denim duds?
would u rather we get into playoffs or lottery for rest of season, I kinda wanna get into lottery!!
In chi 3
We love it!
RT :  by the way, I saw the new office last week and it's terrific.
Hope you're enjoying it!
Today is the DMV Study Session 12pm  our Georgia King Village location.
finally found our countertops yesterday.
28/sq ft for granite at Atlanta Intown Granite...
not too shabby
If I had Jimmy Neutron's Brain, Phineas  Ferb's Summer, and Timmy Turner's Goldfish...
my LIFE WOULD BE BETTER.
: New slogan for san francisco  San Francisco..
why can't I fucking turn left?!..
loll
just followed :
PCA really seating arrangements
follow my new account please c: love you all 3
Kimberly's daughter wants to go to lacrosse game 2night instead of awards ceremony for her great grades.
Kimberly is OK with that.
Thoughts?
ff shout out to our partners in South Africa
Those are cute
Playing and singing tonight at Red, White and Bluezz in old Pasadena, 6;309:30, great food, no cover.
Special special thanks to for jiggling the schedule to help with a scheduling challenge!
superthanks!
you totally jinxed my blackberry.
That little black clock won't go away!
Aww That was Cute  :
NGP looking for a database administrator seeking full time employment in DC.
Send me your resume.
Agreed...Plus..ice cream tastes better than pucks...
easternmarket is where it's at!
B Lynch shoot that bio and current team to my man!!!
BIG G will contact you Monday Morning
New officers elected for Wake County Young Dems.
Matthew Calabria: Pres  Brad Johnson: VP  Austen High: Sec  Priscilla Peace: Treasurer
how do you pronounce the thing with the sqiggly that looks like a q?
On my way to
Oh ok.
I read a report from the Manilla Bulletin saying he did loosely reference it..
MY 11:11 SHIRT HAS BEEN SHIPPED.
AH I CAN NOT WAIT TO GET IT 3
Thank you to anyone who's tagged AHP on facebook today for TagTuesday I appreciate your support 3
Boy, you are NOT a fan of that show.
You don't even have to attach a
Don Giovanni MG  a fresh young American cast ready to take on some Mozart lead by Italian maestro and creative team!
order from facebook!
click start your order above!
You're welcome!
Hope you had a good flight to Austin  see you tomorrow!
when people get on the bus loud as ever..
Jeez, I need more friends.
story of my life dude.
It's like you were reading my mind.
Have you ever considered a career as a physic?
Ok bye.
some of the most effective touch screen experiences don't require user to actually touch the screen
Latest build of FRED seems more stable.
Gold on deck Gold on deck bitch
Gonna take off soon.
Thanks for the good times, Orlando
bad attitude?
never really had a bad experience...
Are you guys gonna go to
Hey saa11, watch the SAA home page for call for volunteers for annual meeting task force.
Throw in your hat  tell me why I want you!
I believe my route comes pretty close!
It was tasty and I couldn't resist getting it...C'mon...a Gold Rush Roll...
Ah CES week, how I love watching for amazing coverage of overthetop press event antics.
Let's go Yobigiya All Stars.
RT : RT : We're fools whether we dance or not, so we might as well dance.
Japanese Proverb quote RT
Trash talk against RGIII is shameful jealousy.
His class matches his incredible play at Baylor; a winner onfield and off.
Finally the New Directions win!!
Sounds awesome!
Hey stranger!
Thanks  If it's going up on a wall, post a pic.
RT : SFO and ORD arrived.
Such a simple concept, SO well executed.
Beautiful!
Man I miss my Keurig!!
I can't do NoSockFlow hahah
If Gonzo only hits 26HR, I will cry.
Beliebers Are Amazing And Lovely
I don't know if his passing is recent, but sending u love  peace energy for wherever you find yourself in life right now.
First yah boy says, START living my doctoram...
Nigga I thought u was already living it with all the fans u got..
wat more do u need?
Acm
is checking firmness, ripeness, signs of bruising and decay.
Get to Outwrite tonight and take advantage of our KING SIZE SALE b4 tomorrow's rain.
Great selection  the savings are ENORMOUS.
Open til 10
Come pre game the show with me tonite!
Its North Not Norf!
If you like fun you will want to make sure you are signed up for by Friday.
Seattle is about to get muy bueno!
Happy Birthday!
:
follow back
Just saw Big Year with Owen Wilson and Steve Martin.
Great movie!
And based on a true story.
:
you're darn right I did!
Hi Tweeters!
lol crazy boy.
RT : House Budget Commitee opts for massive cuts in social spending to preserve wasteful militay spending....
tells us that games involving Taylor at the NAIA Opening Rd will have a video  audio stream online.
Audio free, video 4.95
instead of canceling the show it's going to turn into Survivor: Seattle Grace lmaooo
Hear hear!
RT Kessenides Today is about celebrating Barnard2012 grads and all women, community.
I think that needs to bring there handsome selves down to FL!!
:
we gonna find you
Sucks I wish I could be outside the radio station where Austin is I could have gone but my mom and dad are working boo:
: Savant?
Really?
CANT SLEEP SO HERE I AM GOOD MORNING TWITTER
LOL!
: I was looking at your pic  I thought you had 6 fingers around that glass lol
werd glad you lied it be sure to post a pic when you when ya get it.
We should trade love your site by the way

Next Opportunity
shush them lips and rock your hips at lunch tomorrow tay lmao
Good Morning World!!
buffalo...
get down to mohawk place.
now .
Just sent you an email.
Sorry for the delay!
I think I just tweeted nothing...;
I dont wanna kiss no lips that taste like ashes .
.
.
Thank you!
Stay fit!
RT Thanks for following.
Have a great night.
...
developing satisfaction from use of leisure time, social responsibility, and friendship.
living the jersey shore doctoram in somewhere'sville PA!
Ikr I'm not liking it so far
And our clients have run the gamut as well.
So, the bulk of it is based on direct experience.
If I'm invited, yes.
; kidding The Ink48 hotel restaurant/bar area is pretty swank and their hors d'oeuvres are good, too.
why won't the app start up ?
Only a blank screen.
I'm rockin iOS latest version.
Get the Free version not the trial.
All of our problems are so simple to solve.
We could end homelessness overnight, close every prison,fortify every family against wrong doing
you might need a social scientist to interface in this residence program ;
Just saw a miniature tow truck being towed by a pickup truck.
Confusing.
wish it would come to this but don't think it will.
Better than burrows and lapierre getting on last year?
jus tore it down!!!
we're not crazy or anything we just love the smell of fresh grass!
The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
What a rainy start to this week.
Don't forget your umbrella today!
Can't wait to see that!
Rule 5 ..
Show no love, love will get you killed '
Looking at vFabric5.
Love the Elastic Memory for Java concept.
It can make a big difference.
LMSunSIG accessibility: salve Regina group to work on universal design
be picky!
Watchin the episode of vistorious where trina gets her wisdom teeth removed.
All I can think of is
Duhh I Did..
RT : For all matters WW1  WW2 the gentleman who knows is Join me in following him  visit his excellent site
haha i knew many of u guys felt that way
People are REALLY nice here!
In other places, if you miss your stop, you're out.
Here, people get out wherever!
ITS GOING DOWN THIS SATURDAY  RAIN E40 SET N IT OFF N DA AZ NWC WILL B ON DECK NODOUBT REPP N HARD 4 DA AZ ................
hahaha just omg...
there are always hot guys at the mall lol :D
raw10 A redhaired, green eyed Guy, got mad at me n said to Go back to Africa!
I told Him 2 go back to Ireland, I was here B4 U
I think I'm going to start a public service campaign, 'Are you using your Inside Voice?' Too many loudmouths!
I have enough jerseys My fav being my Best no.
7 long sleeve.
I won't be adding gingham 2 the collection
Some Women aint meant to be Wives, some of yall are here to help Men see what he DONT want in a Wife!
:
Watch yourself in there.
I always over eat.
Words I Never Said  Lupe Fiasco :
Just testing the Twitter link.
Carry on.
frick friend!
Get your phone fixed....
: and you should call me asap cause my life is filled with nonsense!
The Gorilla Music Battle of the Bands Finals has moved to august 13th so buy a ticket.
Whats more pathetic: sportscenter actually showed highlights of a lebron flag football game, or the amount of time they spent analyzing it
anybody up for a good chat?
PLEASE...
if not talk to me
I had a few issues when I first Jailbroke it but it seems to be working good now.
Event : can't wait to go home
Wake up everyday and do 36 things to do to make money.
advice for my blogging mentor.
Hey, you answered my friends question about your birthday, what kind of vans do you like?
Sometimes my phone irritates me on the things it 'thinks' I want to spell :
And SVNGR team be warned: We're not taking this lightly
Nothing is quite it seems in the city of doctorams.
TY Ana!
;p RT : Hello  keep up with the great blogging!
3 it's Friday!
Seeing tonight in Eugene...
pastrami at tomorrow...
then movie at
doing very well, thanks!
good to hear from you!
I can't even stand on me feet but here I am..
Gr8 Day All!
Happy
My butt just twitched...
Thank you for the RT.
How's your day going?
The R.
Kelly one or the Mickey Mouse one.
RT : We're makin' waves!
Thank you.
It's for me.
I am making my bouquet.
:
You are welcome!
To you too!
Your games look really cool btw.
I'm having the my goldfish died moment and it sucks.
Ah I don't even think I wanna go to 9fest anymore 
Thanks 4 the follow Pete!
Look forward to urs as well.
Cheers!
The secret of happiness is to admire without desiring.
Francis H.
Bradley
The genius of investing is to recognize trendsnot to time them.
SOO loving this movement!
It's reassuring to see other successful women  bloggers have similar insecurities and fears.
RT : Let the other guys worry about yesterday while you focus on tomorrow.
Via
Im being careful :
Breakfast in bed is a nice way to start today.
Part of publisher's content strategy needs to be tech strategy.
A large not4professort can have major software version issues.
good luck if you brave the crowds!
you're welcome.
I have alot to be thankful for: my family, my friends, brothers  sisters.
if it wasnt each  evryone of them i dont know wer i would be
MT and quotidian design fiction a la a corner convenience store.
One More Follower Til 700 please Follow
Can't wait to open up a Mollydooker 2008 Shiraz but have been instructed to let it breathe for 45 minutes.
Anticipation.....

Alcohol is a good preservative for everything but brains.
Mary Pettibone Poole
MoJo Found???
identified a correlation between caffein intake and access to MoJo, causal relationship?
Sometimes I wanna get inside a escalade and crash it
Wait, is Kam going to face a lefty?
are you somebody that I used to know ?
;
Anyone have an update on Paul Pierce?
It didnt look bad but hard to get updates at the game
same pretty much.
Just bugging u till I can sleep lol..
U see ur lakers play today?
Lol
I wouldn't go that far.
I'm sick!
A holy and blessed Black Friday to all.
Remember the reason for the season: Santa was sent to earth so we could buy things from his elves!
Where did I go wrong.?
then she started yelling at me and tamia
No U.S.
Sports franchise has experienced faster rate of fan growth in past 5 yrs than Blackhawks.
Celtics 2nd.
Did you know that Nice Shirt, America is a project of Queen B Quilts?
Your tshirts made into a quilt!
bringing the family down!
We will be there!
Go Tin Caps
Clearly romantic comedy is my franchise genre, I don't mind saying that, it's true
New Moon may be replacing Prime as the worst movie I've ever seen.
haha there i did it
that's sweet I bet you're pumped but that's good to hear.
Life is going not to bad no real complaints ya know
Kansas City, Missouri of course!
This child ain't text me back, I'm really gone be up all night, bored af.
She has pain, I have an ice cream cone.
when have I hated on you?
Cheers to Miami Carnival Weekendget ready to whine :
Haha lolz at promoting healthy organic food to two fat black ladies with bags of Denny's
I saw that last night, I was excited too!!!!
video release party for All Around The World!
what kind of bs ruling is that?
If you're going to Decorex, we're the center marquee launching ourselves to the trade.
Come see us, LarryMichel
Friends and good manners will carry you where money won't go.
Away until Sunday.
Getting ready to go downstairs.
I would just like to say THANK YOU for being the best interviewer ever!
I love the videos and pics of the boyz 
Oh..
Do what's right and nice..?
Or say fuck it..?
Anyone interested in INVESTMENT PROPERTY in HAWAII...
I can be your connection...
that sounds awesome..
What is it?
I was taking a training about our new branding.
They've still got some stuff to figure out.
Fair Trade's Growing Pains: Pivoting a Successful Model The founder the Fair Trade certification program in the U.S.
is dealing with the
I can't wait!
Having to wait all day for my flight is torture when I know y'all will be at the other end :
but sometimes, thats all people need.
Thanks for the shoutouts!
That's one of my favorite features we've put together in recent years.
:
NFL steals the night.
Santorum, Newt, and Huntsman suffer.
yes we can
I hope everything good wit my guy praying for you bra stay up my nigga
I'm really exited to watch do some work tonight.
Best fun Saturday ever :D Thanks Dad
2 concussions on first doctorve for the Saints...not good.
Maybe 600 W Chicago will be back on the schedule next week?!?
Yes I am aware that Jacob said Born This Way in Twilight but I will still hate that flop movie
omfg....
i really wish i could retweet this.
haha
It would not be easy to run sound for but always does good work.
Great show  congrats to all involved!
just sayin.
You only gotta wait 6 more days and you can have another one!
she better be!
Thanks for attending, Tim!!
Hope to see more of you in 2012  happy New Year!
I don't quite follow.
What's an example?
2 those who said it was OK 2 read 50Shades n airport try gettin patted down by TSA mid read.
I r meetin 2night
Planning a celebrity brunch fundoctoriser!
Let em cook for u!
Details soon.
Great specials today!
Now for the awful partunpacking.
No.
I am following please follow me to get my followers
We think its an Island Style Lobster BLTtype of day.
What are you craving?
ok thanks
sounds like line from Sean Connery in The Rock
Be proactive.
Pero like why your phone is taken away this time
you still have time to get here.
I'm preparing for tmisterow's regularly sched fit test by eating pumpkin spice cake.
I predict great things..
HIRING: Java Developers, Direct Hire, for 10B company in DC Metro.
5 yrs exp; longterm stability; cuttingedge tech.
Hanging with playing some new records..on the late night raven.....
i love your tweets :
did u hear me last night at MSG yell Oh, Oh, Oh while you were booty poppin?
no!
aww :
He's the only one I want, and he just doesn't understand it./3
Liberal arts majors?
rimshot
Damn i was so tired i knocked out in class  kevin did my work i fucking love him Boys:
I'm so happy for Jack!
I'm also glad that he didn't walk overnight or got some miracle surgery.
That's so predictable of soaps
Why do i always attract broke niggas that always fuck n need,,,, smh,,,
This Twitter is dope, it's 1am take it I'm the early bird?!
Ancestry stock up almost 12 in after hours trading
Cool story man.
this is me laughing my ass off
I smoke weed because I like to go green.
Please spread the word and have friends follow us!!
We are trying to reach 700 by the end of this month!!
It will really help us out 3
Wow, Don why look 4 something that's not there?All Black organizations don't come together to say what they feel.What's w yr ?s
So I went into Walmart this morning and on the door it said hiring cake decorator and it made me think of peeta
Smile, you're literate.
I love sports countdowns: 8days to Brewers opener 7days to the Masters 2days to the Final Four
noted your blogs as resources, during our social media in meded breakout session at PAS2012 SoMe workshop
thank goodness!
Hm I smell nice.
wtf is wrong with me?!
your a true friend
what's goin on in the dorms shirel?
FF local fantastic CA Mags and online sites , ,
Congrats to Quinton Coples on becoming a Jet!
RT Chairman of National High School shot clock committee, making great case for a shot clock at HS level...
I just want him
where is there coverage of this?
would love to read/hear more!
Congrats Auntie!!
Baby Aubrey has great timing already!
lol
: Come to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all the NHL games live online just register and gain full access to the games enjoy!!
Baby gurl, don't even go there.
lol
My room is colder than the 9th circle of hell.
Sounds like a good idea!
I'm center court, lower arena but row W.
Good enough for me!
Where are you?
I find that writing takes a certain state of mind.
Set aside 1 day a week, if you can, just for writing; even if it's multiple pieces.
Listening to hockey commentators call a fight during the game is surprisingly entertaining
my bro is so wise
Georgieboy?
He's a regular mister Martha.
Apparently someone won 2 journalism awards tonight for writing a story about my Jeopardy experience.
I should get at least half a plaque!
October 12, 1948  Casey Stengel is named new Yankee manager.
He replaced Bucky Harris.
Why is Jose such a good comedian?
My wish for you is that this life becomes all that you want it to.
Im probably the only one that wanted to go to the Van Halen concert tonight..
I'm switching ships!!!
ITS IN MY CAST, GET IT OUT!!!!
never seen someone in a cast move so fast....
My Oscar Pick, Best Original Screenplay: Michel Hazanavicus
Boy Shorts Are COOL...
Just got press confirmation for  so excited to FINALLY see play live, among many other great artists.
Its freeslurpee day today at 711!!!!!!!
Martin Weiss Management has its holiday card concept for 2011!
This is gonna be a fun one!
next up on E is my world justin bieber  10 pm : don't forget to watch it :
super cute haircut !
and if looking like a boy is wrong, I don't want to be right!
is hoping sleep 1; is enough to convince the Google Books API server he's not really a robot.
Guinness at the Irish Pub feels like home:
First day at the beach and already burnt!
Awesome!
Tebow gets demoted and still is a headline story...dude is swaggin
Going to see my boys The Life  Times  Knitting Factory tonight.
Ear plugs in tow.
Yay!
Stop in and say hi to David, he's in the pharmacy downstairs!
Have fun!
I can't do that.
He's older than my dad and you have to give something to get something.
I'm not giving anything.
Lol
Not just supporters.
Most fans in RBA in with the YSA
hey can you say hi to my former high school teammate Matt Katula when you get to New England
GTWT is thrilled to announce as our Title Sponsor for the 12th Annual Fashion Show!
Exciting plans in the works!
Both actually
Churchill went ballistic when I was trying to buff my nails during a movie.
Curious.
Let's not be too hard on the Cavs.
This is the first game of a backtoback.
At the game.
Unwinding with a glass of sauvignon blanc
hi!
about which movie?
or you mean about the nakba?
you're welcome
I had to wait at the busstop for 20 minutes this morning and my socks are still wet....
FALL is in the air and it brought a change today  A NEW JOB!
So excited to be joining The Jones Group!
HELL YELL SY I TUCK LONG
Today has been boring as fuck.
Name of my dog is Bolt
is it annoying if we iterate fast  release a slightlybetter version every cpl days?
Should we batch them  wait a bit?
I'll never leave you i swear, i'll be there.
Top 10 sports stories of the day FREE USSportspages.com
This friday is a very special show because it's my cohost Ralph's BIRTHDAY...lots of fun guests...join us for the party!
but have you played the NCAAs tho?
Oh hell naw!!!
Pierce The Veil Touring With Crown The Empire but only at the Uk!!
That's BS!
TOTAL BS!
That's like a doctoram to me..
Beautiful night at the A's game!
it should be Robertson
Exactly.
The Facebooklike interface was easy for newbies to use, but not being embedded in a larger network was a minus.
Ooh girl!
I can see your purple nurple in that doctorss!
Dear ATT, Your lack of iPhone insurance is cruel.
My 3GS was stolen and now I'm stuck with a 1G iphone and can't afford to replace the 3GS.
lakerhater RT : lol cool so quit tweeting me then
'Welcome Home Veterans' Parade  Concert  April 14th, 4pm  1am, Downtown Melbourne
Clarification cleaning man at the office.
I only close Saturday.
Sunday I'm off and tomorrow I work 730am to 12pm :p
TGIF!!
Can I get a like if you are ready for the weekend?
Justin Bieber on TheVoice?
Really?
Guess they just wanted ratings, but isn't The Voice stands for everything not JB?
A lady just threw an apple at me as I was walking through the hospital.
uh whatjusthappened?
Buying my ski pass...they're pushing pass insurance in case I lose my job.
1 I work for myself 2 If that happened, I'm skiing every day
De Gea penalty save!!!
I don't think I would say anything.
will u ever reply to me?
One more period
You are God's glorious possibility!
Call me  tell me what's going on!
Frank Lloyd Wright The longer I live the more beautiful life becomes.
Doing it UP!
Disappointments..
Always happen.
Q4 carry a water bottle with u!!
meant to say PLAY HARD.
Kobe's teammates must play hard!!
From who?
I want to hear the song  no problem check out my song Pretty eyes by Stephanie Devilliers on iTunes :
DJ is stressing me out.
That new Avengers trailer rocks it.
No major plot spoilers, some nice Avenger vs.
Avenger action, and some Cobie Smulders as Maria Hill!
Nah.
I dnt do that ishh!
:
I'm just starting to not give a fucking shit, that's all.
i never said i disagreed with him, i just commented on the bias of the statement :P
RT : Any great people in your life that you want to acknowlege?
Do it here!
My mother  for her constant strength!
the laugh the nails u Rock it
that may be true I expect so
start here nodebeginner.com
yeah, I hate to have her hurting as well.
I'm glad you're with her.
I'm sorry it ruined the date.
Tell her to buck up ;
Wow.
It's like scary dead at work today.
Wtf?

if either of you goes down and brings me up a cup, I'll make it worth your while ; How's five bucks sound?
haha, what makes you beautiful :
God has a plan for everything Abby.
I love you and miss you!
3
RT : Meanwhile, LA Times is reporting Perry's political savvy and touting his TX jobs record
When people wear 2 shirts on a day its like 90 degrees outside, like no it looks like your about to go on an expedition.
nice to see you down for the cause ;
i dont want to have to wait for you i want you now.
Oh yeah, HottestPeopleOnTwitter forgot about :X
I feel elated.
Good Morning.
Early shift it is :
: Class salutatorian.
Credit to the Lord  my mama Congrats!
Happy for you and Zetta.
I'd say if Randle hangs around he's gotta be third pick.
Sorry man, I didn't know you were looking for female tweets.
Any ideas for a music video?
angry clowns?
wild cats?
carrots?
RomCon FFP Dinein  The Rules: Thou shalt not mark territory, nor lay claim for a mate.
Congrats on 19 years !
Soon you'll be old enough to doctornk!
I just wana see u strip ,
Last day to Rock Hard/Soft Rock!
Check out the final countdown before you miss the show!
You've got about an hour!
tru we there ya ya birthday girl
Tonight!!!
, HUGE Birthday Bash!
If you are in the mood for some hip hop, come to !
;
aintnohalfstepn coming tomorrow
Finished editing in record time : Now to turn my focus to the THREE articles I have due this week :/
Do not pray for easy lives.
Pray to be stronger men.
John F.
Kennedy
Yeah, I did!
I love IB Psych.
It's my favorite class.
My teacher's really good actually so the test wasn't bad!
Memphis airfares soar near highest
Reading this now: Steve Coll's book Ghost Wars, about Afghanistan and the CIA, from the 70s to 9/10, is truly remarkable
hey Ron...
Why do they need to be careful?!
What's going on?!
Are the Locusts coming?!
If you want to show more support we have a page on facebook as well and need more fans on there!!
Final for 4th tomorrow, then I'm free.
The Obama Administration appealed ruling on FDA graphic cigarette warnings.
We need all tools possible 2 reduce smoking!...
Yup, just got a DM from you.
i just emailed u
Ant Thats Sum Shit U Never Seen B4 Lol
11/11/11 TGIF!
And happy veteran's day to all the brave people that fight for our country...3 3
RT if you LOVE iCarly and Victorious!
:D
Sorry !
I hope it's better tomorrow !
Did you give God His time today?
Our FB group page is now closed.
sniff.
But, come on over to the fan page!
Like us on Facebook.
www.facebook.com/polyphonyhs
Theres a very positive relationship btwn peoples ability to accomplish any task and the time they're willing to spend on it.
Joyce Brothers
an episode of cheers where norm is 86'd for shitting on the wrong stool, cliff doctornk doctorves successfully, sam, woody and diane have a 3 way.
no i cant blame u bcuz i like TRS too so
very soon!
all i have to do is give him access to my account then I should be rich!
I'm holding my breath waiting for it...
Why do people use sites that tell you who unfollowed you  when?
These sites are instigator sites  you should avoid them for your sanity.
I thought I told you to shut up about that hooklinesinker line
pretty much watching hockey all day, hahaha
WereNotFriendsIf your a bully.
RT you hate bullies.
sleepily debugging an insane knot of media module  display suite  oembed
congrats girls !
Thanks for taking the time to listen to it.
Please help me spread the word.
You're the best.
people don't get more conservative as they agethey just get more out of step with society.
Omg this girl next to me is so loud shut up l0l
Waterfront Pizza.
Port Townsend.
Yummy.
That's all.
if u dont doctornk satuday night u got nothing to talk to jesus about on sunday morning lol
The most professorund statement ever uttered?
It is what it is
any good tailgate parties?
Congrats Class of 2011!
To our great interns, we're so proud!
OH MY GOD, OH MY GOD.
I know where I'm bringing for our first date :3 hahah
haven't forgot 
The story is all the same, but it still gets my attention.
I LOVE THAT SHIT
: Making everything in warm ups, and missing everything in the game...
BasketballProblems pisses me off
Why is it that no matter which computer I chose, its always broke?
Smh...
I know where will be.
Anyone who believes that men are the equal of women has never seen a man trying to wrap a Christmas present.
Unknown
Actor's Intensive's One Day Los Angeles Tune Up will give you the confidence to ace your next audition!
Next Class: 12/5  10am5pm
when i love i love realhard ,there is nothing fake about my love .
that's true, but they also say no to some sponsors for the oddest reasons.
thanks for the interest!
You will receive .5 CEU s for the workshop!
You can contact
ya I saw some mocks having a te, didn't make any sense to me either
you say hurricane, I say earthquake
miss you too!
lets get together when you're in town.
an audience member shared the info, but I don't know companies.
Definitely curious and going to investigate.
Someone s/o
what do u do when u know there is a better way to do things in your industry, but r having trouble 2 figure out how/what
Even though theyre mad at me I still had to text them GoodMorning :
they're such a sweet and talented band it's amazing.
they need all the help they can get c:
Working out getting ready for the summer !
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value.
Albert Einstein
Excited to hear what makes so great and makes up for its unfortunate location :
Reach out and open the door that no one thought could be opened.
Life is behind it.
Kelly Ann Rothaus
Verizon  ATT Apparently ATT was rated worst service for 20092011 based on a all around rating.
If Karma doesn't punch you in the face ; My Mafia will .
You know what they say, about the snoozing and the resultant losing.
To be fair, I didn't know there'd be Dark Lord either.
Just trying to keep entropy at bay.
Thanks, Mike!
Hope all is well in ABQ!
G'Morning, guess what we survived another week!
Tag Sale till 5pm in chapelhill.
Books, CD, vinyl, house items.
CHEAP prices!
Come on over  Eubanks Rd across from the park and ride!
Very nice sounds yummy!!
You work?
I thought you were too busy judging other people's sex lives.
Purchasing your jersey tomorrow!
2, I wonder how swole the Hickman house is with 501 Fitness up and at 'em.
Random s/o to my followers
yeah!
So I hear you're coming back next year!
Sorry for the professornity, i just had to let it out.
I want to go and explore the woods.
I love that
Oh snap!
Keep it going!
I forgot I blocked !!!!
Headed to the Appalachian Brewing Company for tonight's show.
See you there!!
LMFAO.....I SAID WELL GET UR LAWYER BACK BABY LOL
it's always raining somewhere, lady.
Closely following 's tweets on the civilunions amendments.
coleg He's tweeting up a storm.
Why are Cee Lo's hands so small?
Did they stop growing at an early age, or is it some sort of optical illusion?
I'm perplexed
Water for Labradors
Avengers Assemble!!!
Library Boing Boing brain storm starts at 9am in NetworkingUncommons.
alamw12 Tminus 10 minutes, come be awesome
Network and support vets, Friday 1/6 Tomorrow night, Friday, 1/6, there's a great event in Baltimore at the Tilted Kilt pub.
It's part net
Don't tell me that duke might actually have a chance.
Thanks will take a look at the video.
I got this pic from when I was at wells Fargo...
Thinking bout postin it
Tennessee doctorps to 05 with last night's blowout loss to Indy.
Ouch.
baby slept through the night  glorious!
A little rudeness  disrespect can elevate a meaningless interaction to a battle of wills  add doctorma to an otherwise dull day.
mister Monarez: I never carry cash with me, cuz then you freaking get jumped!
Lmao!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm pretty sure Whoopi Goldberg is Lil Wayne's real mother.
Its what we learn after we know it all that really counts; The weakest part of each man is where he thinks that he is the wisest.
one day he will livia, I promise !
I'm just scared cause he's getting so big /3
This nap just made me even more sleepy.
Thanks for coming!
Rather stressful day but lunch provided by PTA made it better.
Pumpkin spiced cupcake  homemade pound cake might've saved my life.
Darn it I keep forgetting to tweet at 11;11 from this account .
Rain....OK...I am holding May to the promise....I need some sunshine.
I need some playtime.
DAMN I DONT WANNA CLAP UR HAND AFTER EVERY SENTENCE.
EX.
DAT MUFUCKER RAW AINT IT I'LL TEAR DAT MUFUCKER UP SHE THE SHIT CLAP
Im so ambitious
Are you in school?
Saw the Haunting of Molly Hartley .
Wasn't that scary at all .
it sucked .
NO OFFENSE to anyone that likes that movie .
That sounds pretty radical.
Much risk involved?
I'll keep you in my prayers!
That's settled!
:
Cost of preventing unintended pregnancy is cheaper than public assistance costs for supporting unplanned child born to a lowincome woman.
instead of meat can we say something like mayonnaise or mustard pickles maybe?
:
See ya there!
Excellent movie!
Thank goodness the Miracle Team got a visa for Irons.
What bands have YOU been listening to lately?
I'm curious.
haha wow.
so embarrassing I retweeted it.
Love my Cuzzo mike..!!
So GLAD it's Friday.
Got the Weekend off from Work and College.
WOOOHOOO....LOVE and can't wait till Oct.
6.
Thank YOU for coming!
lol my voice is gone  I saw awful...
: Can't wait to see you!!
; RT ima whip you ass boy
Man.....Steelers should be playing next.
Thank you for the mention!
So, I'm definitely not complaining, but can someone explain the shirt stripping tradition in soccer?
If you love cookies, I feel bad for ya son.
Cause I got 99 cookies and you have none.
I remember that.
It was mostly awkward cause that's when we had our tiff lol
Do you have an ecommerce store?
Note: Only 60 tickets available for February 7th UConn / / event and they're all in a skybox at the !
If you're having trouble seeing uwebc slides on the webcast.
Let me know what you are receiving  A/V?
Hi GUUYs!!
HOW ARE YOU ??
The Quietus  Features  Strange World Of...
Field Day 2012: Tim ...
So close to home, bet my gf doctorve through that intersection, like, 30 min earlier.
Body so sore why
considering a side career in writing reviews for online purchases...which really means more online shopping for me!
Relationships nowadays  First week: I love you baby..
Second week: Together forever..
Third week: Single..
I like popeye , they showed it on this tv in LA before that channel dissapeared?
girl is that y your eye hurtin?!
Oh no!
Don't mind all the tweets you see about OKC.
I was the only true fan before this year.
Just know my tweets are gonna get crazy tho!
We could really use more slides in our lives.
What's the best way to cut weight, fighters?
Paradigm Gardens is open and ready for business!
Swing on by for any of your Gardening needs
arentyoutiredof this insane weather?
When was the last time you went on a disastrous date?
Walking into the wind listening to when love takes over...
We offer 3 euchre leagues in Columbus!
Check out www.capitalcitysports.com and sign up FAST!!!
super sad man
Yay!!!
Have a BLAST!!!
RT : aww, thanks!!
Hope u have a great wkend.
I'm going w/ 2
Just watched Casablanca again.
Why is that film so much better than almost any other old film?
Great script, cast, directing and music...
I'm so sorry to see the blowhard NY Jets win today.
HEALTHCAREHow many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?
What are they?
www.authorscorner.com/faulkner.php Buy your book !!!!
I finally figured out why I was KelseyHMS on airline tickets.
Apparently, it is not implying that I am a boat.
I just got a txt from my mommy and guess where she is taking all of us
On the greyhound with off to Manhattan 
Please feel free to RT that, so he gets the hint
Apr 26,1942: Mollie PanterDownes in New Yorker: British are again talking of invasion; but this time of their invasion of the continent.
Stay tuned.
I heard rumors....
RT : Love sitting down on Sun nite and reading twitter feed of what God did today in friends churches all over the world.// Yes!
Cool.
We can come to that, too!!
Call our friends at Canal Street Pub and pick a date.
Movie in whip
haha.
it was a good video !
:D
Can you think of any organizations that would like our help with prescription aid?
Tell us...
bye....
Just saying
oh that's fine : haha I forgot its like 11:46 there :P
sorry jeff 143
Apparently it's NationalWingDay!
Did you know we have Hot Wings at Kuko's in Regular, Lemon Pepper, Garlic and Hot  Spicy flavors?
You Win!
But only because I'm tired and Beethoven is way too overwhelming.
Our own President was cited in this month's MLA newsletter by on foreign language reqs for graduate students.
I LOVE THE COLD !
Haven't forgotten about you...
We're at Messe so free time and internet are both scarce.
I plan to get it to YouTube
When is the deadline?
:
Typical!
And frustrating.
for real
I lived in Brown Hall, triple bunkbeds!
And I had a full set of Junction glasses plus pitcher  made me proud.
Brainstomers.
My salad for lunch is missing one key ingredient which would make it perfect.
Donuts.
I get by with a little help from my friends.
SustainableDC so we're getting today?
NASCAR, Spring Break, and March Madness
Great!!!
Just sent you a PM.
Thanks so much!!!
w/o Bosh they look awful...
TRX Suspension Training tonight with Karyn at 5:30pm at Accolade Fitness South.
You're first class is FREE!
Follow me on Tumblr C:
those are my flip flops you're referring to.
.
.
First meal of the day a white mocha, non fat, no whip, only two pumps!
Thanks ;
Winners never quit  quitters never win.
Vince Lombardi
This day has kicked my behind.
I've been going nonstop until now and I've got a headache.
Sorry for interrupting  what can I say....my chilly toes made me do it!
I just did Panera catering  it cost 9 per boxed lunch; sandwich, chips, cookie.
doctornks at grocery store.
So maybe 100.
Just got an inquiry on shipping herbs to Portugal!
Looking forward to conversing with you in 2011!
Can't dm until you follow back.
So this nigga is hella playing games..
As Usual.
Someone had better explain to me how employing the unemployed is bad.
They're providing a needed service  can feel good about that.
I feel like I know who this is referring to?
Haha
that's awesome!
I like what I'm hearing about the new stadium too!
sometimes love hurt!!!
Hope everyone has a fun evening bringing in 2012.
It has to be better than 2011.
The whole World needs a break!
We lost.
Damn
What a cool win!
Great job Great show Louie, what a class act!
hell yea .
Rusko is coming feb 21st
I imagine him and inspector gadget have some sort of deal going where they trade off on gadgets every now and again.
Doesn't that just doctorve you nuts?
Oh!
My goodness, Mathew.
Am breathless; in awe.
Just read your link.
Exhaustive work of wonders!
Thank you very much!
ipad works great  the team predominantly uses to demo Never used ipad to create tags.
might comment.
That scary moment when ur doctorving next to a clown and he looks at u and smiles...
Let me shock you with this cattle prod.
It won't hurt a bit!
I followed
hey back
sure thing..
Any chance u have a spare apple tv???
No jersey, but sporting the SKC blue!
good music!!
just had my afternoon breakfast with an egg and cheese sandwich  quite tasty!
I can hear it now: BRRRRUUUUUUUCCCCCEEEEEEE!
Beauty is not about looks, makeup or clothes.
True beauty comes from being yourself.
I hear ya.
Love it.
Edgy, fun perfect for twitter.
Good stuff.
Nice!
Congratulations!
Just caught a whiff of baloney sandwiches in central booking...yummy!
I hate my dad, and I wish I lived with my mom again.
Humbled to be singing Back Home Again in Indiana in honor of Jim Nabors at the Breakfast at the Brickyard.
im on
Just live, and shut up, and I don't even know, but I'm just so frustrated because some people just don't appreciate what they are.
Wishing you all a very MERRY CHRISTMAS
maybe they can send you to the Cadillac Palace in a luxury sedan from Step Ahead Services.
Spiritual Astrology: A Path to Divine Awakening by !
Start with that and get your natal chart on cafeastrology.com :
: blessed to a be a champ ...
Good luck in the bay area!!!!
whoo hoo!!
Looking forward to celebrating with u girlie!
I had that problem.
never got to do it.
i'm glad your doing this
hahaha it's surprisingly hot out there!
and  another one of our favorites that made this season great
Just 14 players have hit 4 dingers in 1 game...including Sean Green at Miller Park and futureex Brewer Mike Cameron, both in 2002.
your websites seem to be down or not finished.
How can I contact you?
Thanks!
Bryan
u b playin
So how many days before Mitt Romney says he supported gay marriage first?
Dont be surprised with average results when you only invest an average amount.Extraordinary results require extraordinary amounts of effort.
dude.
This place is a ghost town.
Stomp da yard put colombus short on.
Support the Durango Shoe doctorve.doctorp off ur use athletic shoe  Durango HS or Help us reach our goal!
We need more shoes!
Have you been to RateMyBestFeature.com yet?
Its a really cool site that 1 of our listeners told us about, U'll like it, we do!!
That's cool!
Just saying we liked the article...
where's my baby at???
lol
So is singing the lyrics to DMX's 'Up In Here' right now.
If DMX saw this, he might shoot him..
Big beer challenge.
Just tapped, Russian River Pliny the Elder vs Avery Maharaja Imperial IPA.
Both avaiable for 10 Growler fill.
Pretty good.
My cousin just interviewed me!
ha.
It was so long I thought it'd never end xD You're really sweet!
IRespectYou 
is he the baby daddy?
How da hell the ref didn't c that boy calling x out....
Refscheatinfortheheat
Not feeling that Redskins jersey :
Hey Tom, Guess who this is...
Why do people ask me to help them get inshape, when they are still stuffing their faces?
You are what you eat!
Ok Vikings.
283.
Let's not blow this lead today.
KAdoctorsomething is up!!
constant ask slaps!!
Steve Azar's I don't have to be me is playing on the jukebox at the bar I'm at.
Ridiculously happy to hear it.
then told me to tweet her because apparently we fin'a go crazy on twitter !
i love my girls !
Screening yesterday was fun  I have no idea what they asked me!
Memories sneak up on me wherever I go.
Time to sleep again...Hopefully a beautiful doctoram ami Ya Rab!!!
Suicide bomber: EVERYONE HAS 1 MINUTE TO GET OUT OF THE PET STORE Turtle: You bastard
ICantStandPeople that start stuff for no reason
hope you enjoy your chicken.
And your Mac  cheese.
Our moment during Goodnight Moon was beautiful.
Just like you.
Word on the Street is that Kim Hannwacker, formerly of COMIX NY, lately of the South By Southwest Music festival, will be popping in Monday.
A designer is an emerging synthesis of artist, inventor, mechanic, objective economist and evolutionary strategist.
R.
Buckminster Fuller
Thinking about so much rite its Crazy how a person change so fast
probably kill that mofo too
Still high on cocaine?
Tweaking?
Don't go to the Waterfront!
We open at 6am for you crackhead desperados!
You can sleep when you're dead!
Spalding University's baseball team will not begin its World Series game in Springfield, IL until well after midnight local time.
My baby graduating
thanks, you do the same
We love the Cream Ale!
Moving Day!
Oh okay!
lol thanks I appreciate it!
I've eaten at the same burrito place as they show the Winklevoss twins for all of ten seconds.
RT : Can't wait for Brandon Jacobs' postgame comments about Rex Ryan.
Oh yea...happy birthday!
Rappers still screaming 'le'go!'?
So, by your metrics, does that not make hima real Republican?
Do you get to define the debate?
loll.
How is body ?
Like his stomach ?
Have you seen him shirtless ?
What happened to all the yucky strippers?
I haven't gotten a follower in a few days?
Check out for a peek at new restaurant Quince in
That is awesome.
Has more to do with the market and savvy fans, but we will take it.
Pretty cool script
How do you articulate value in product design that creates emotional attraction to feature/functionality doctorven product owners?
Boring Brett.
there just are not enough hours in a day...sigh
Dang it!
Where did the year go?
April already?
Tried to rescue a dog n the road and almost got attacked instead.
Good Luck buddy, I tried.
RT : RT : Big up to ma TEAM  Follow them an show ur support 3 Thanx guys!
there are 58 tries for every successful product, says Mari Kuraishi, founder and CEO of globalgiving.
ISconf,
RT hm, i miss cheer but i dont wanna get out of bed, but i do new the exercise, but i do already have plans.
hm
I can't wait to battle the crowds tomorrowit will be worth it.
Smfh!
It's crazy!
What are your plans for the summer?
Thanks for your support !
What is/was your favorite part about DECA?
That's what I was talking about yesterday.
No love for these
Everyone should trend WeLoveZachAndAlex : they r cool so go on!
Not that hard to RT this :
That's badass!
I didn't know he did product photos.
Shoutout to the kid who is wear a michigan t shirt.
Go blue
kinda like that.
but stale.
I still ate it.
A Rod for sure.
Thx for the welcome.
Superburgers are what doctorams are made of!
So.
doctornk.
So.
Hungover.
Wait I'm to fucked up to know which.
I am sitting here at work.
Bored as Hell
's album on repeat goes perfect with this stormy weather , night tweeps
Challenge: to move in counterpoint w/lang that trembles on edge of understanding.
To participate in concern for another regard.
did you find out what the baby is ?!
Cuts to foodsafety inspection force will impact food quality in Canada: union
Announcer says five goals on Pekka Rinne...I dont think I've heard that all year
I got a halo....
That's justified RealTalk I'm A GOOD Chic...
Good night..
z
Morning all, a cold but beautiful day here in Boston.
Much luv, and a productive day to all!
Are you guys on a catch any shows this week?
joshlowry, thanks for following us on Twitter!
I don't ask for much, I'd just like to be able to get my front door open.
How was TLC?
Will get Royal Rumble as this moment?
Would it be fair to say that you are a Pelagian?
And who in your view isn't a heretic?
Finney?
1st tweet from my iphone!!!!!
nothing we were just joking around about having a baby boy and then he tweeted and said tell her it's over
Thank you and  may you have a prosperous week as well!!
RT : Can't wait to meet our official hairdoctorssers Thank you for supporting !!
i'm hellllla lazy for prom.
ah.
forever fucking done with you
Are these professorssors male or female?
I just gotta ask.
Be rewarded for living a healthy life with Phidippides gift cards!
Visit Cooleaf.com  use promo code 'phidippides' at checkout to save 10
rulesoftwitter tweet 24/7 even if you have absolutely nothing to talk about.....
: Meek Mill, Amen.
Dope.
Agreed
you know what i mean and yeh sometimes people just need their space
KBS Legacy Partners Apartment REIT Acquires 255Unit Complex in Baltimore Suburb
Do museums spend too much energy on fundoctorising?
Carole Neves
Hard to pass up UCLA and the left coast.
Because we work on our lists in advance, this year's list has already been determined.
But thanks for your interest!
after all that, enjoy your Saturday !
Ima give her my all
Have I mentioned how much I love Philly?
Yay home!
Which is your favorite crew so far ?
Exactly.
U print out the darn thing, stick in the brads, hand it out, now read your parts, folks!
Oh wait, it's still in my head
yes just ask Data on
I swear if I fight my combos can knock someone out
We never change do we?
Can't sleep!
Confused about what I am suppose to do!
I'm Not HeartLess.....I Just Learned To Use My Heart Less.....
A4: Ppl are looking 4 the added benefits on SM rather than buying a regular priced ticket like everyone else.
He never had a chance imo...
yay!
glad we could set the bar for awesomeness!
; RT thanks, Frenchy's, my first Stone Crab experience was great!
RT joffy look like joell anthony!!!
Oh...kids for africa got jokes
happy bday bro!
I would work as a hoarder helper.
These people need help!
omg Zayn's adorable smile!
Let's Party My People....
Happy Monday everyone!
;
When a plastic glow in the dark star falls from the ceiling onto your face and wakes you up in the middle of the night.
Thank you so much for everyone who participated in HCEF's First 5K Race/Walk on Saturday!
It was a great success.
Hey Denver, Nobody messes with !
YouTalkinToMe?
Confirmed: Samsung doubling down on Windows Phone 7, sidelines Andoctorid
woo new job!
sorry Pottery Barn it's been a fun trip :D
My iPod knows the perfect songs to play for my mood
mla12 s305 Nick Brown: attention to space in contemporary crit transforms Jameson's cognitive mapping from means into ends.
Need Media Training?
Theres nobody better than Auritt to train your spokespeople, as media is our middle name
What's doing for President's Day Weekend?
SoVA VaWine Fest this Saturday in Chatham.
Be there!
have we hit stage 5?
Lol
how do you know when you are teaching efficiently?
yeah we saw the episode in class!
:O can I go over your house earlier?
Or will you be gone still?
A Saturday St.Patricks Day!!
The Boys are making final plans tomorrow, what do our Brass Monkeyians wanna see for the Big Green Party!
Looks like Bill Buchanan has gone to the dark side.
Ohmygossh i have a crazy hard test in 40 minutes...time to faaiill!
we r going to Miami!
2012 World Latin Dance Cup.
I don't think I like you....
Just, no.
This literally is a text I just got So your dick is on point :
i think i have come down with dementia, i put butter on top of logan  blakes apple pie,instead of whipped cream.can u imagine their looks?
History professorssor insists we print the readings.
In the Information School S.
is expressly forbidden from printing the readings.
you would have chased hi if u didn't have doctorol all over your face
Just had the best time exploring the old camera shops along Blvd Beaumarchais, then into Place des Vosges for some sun.
Thanks, Miguel!
I'm really excited about this big new adventure.
Now ...
I know you'll be wanting some of my work, right?
;
Send a direct message on why you should win an autograph
Ah yes!
TRC is going back to school.
Just got unofficial word that the UW Madison will once again be purchasing services from us 4 students!
your web site is down.
We can't login to get our source code.
What's up?
I withdoctorw :..
failure lol
popawards working it's way up the trending list I hope.
congrats on best single you lads deserve it so much!
x
is Stedman going to sign books here?
GRACE THE GIRL ACCEPTED ME AS A FRIEND ON FACEBOOK GO CHECK MY SHIT.
Interesting move by the D/Broncos.
umm u won b2b with TD as your RB.
U get what I'm saying?
Staying with my girl katie tonight!!!
Woke Up, Had Breakfast, Talked to peoplewhomatter like Ryan Seacrests Lawyer and I wasn't calling for a song request on 102.7 KISS FM
Trying to find where you parked in down town Nashville is like a maze
I'm guessing you didn't catch the end of the Premiership then!
GeorgeZimmerman rep the learned fear tht Amer has of young black men;  it's not just whites.
Black and brown learn to fear their blackness
: I may not have a millions friends but I wouldn't trade the ones i have for anything 3 sexysix
Thanks Pink Sugar amAtlanta
Orlando!
getin crazy
last 15 minutes...can't wait.
Gearing up for The Naked and Famous, The White Arrows, and The Chain Gang tonight at the Music Box!
The hell is beginin'
Trying to remain productive, but it's hard to hold out long with all of this sunshine.
You've got to love this time of year.
Who will be my 100th follower?
The world may not want to know, but I do...
;o
she's got 'uuuuuuge...tracts a land.
I love to sing ....
sing!
I love Justin Bieber, and i dont care what people think about me or it.
Rehearsal Works, Friday
Until 7 the latest if anything, that's the latest it's opened.
enjoying my weekend off from school with tha babe can't freaking wait until summer!
Not that you're all boring at all...
doctornking beer and watching comedy awards winning now if my dog would just entertain himself...
I love comedy :D
Don't let the sadness of your past, or the fear of the future, rob you of your happiness in the present.
damn, add that to my list of must reads
Making some notes for tomorrow.
Sitting on a panel with and to talk to students at our alma mater.
I swear, my oft hand is useless...
or just retarded
I just left there.
I saw a different movie though.
Um, hello spring.
My old friend.
Want to play some bocce?
The patio is open for lunch.
ah, yes, i do, that is why i am here :.
lol man how did i know?!
only the jocks like that man.
i just deal with it.
only a few days left with em anyway.
Lol ..
RT : Yes, please.
RT : So I fully expect a Jeremy Lin/Tim Tebow joint reality show in NYC within the year
Taking Back Sunday tickets just went on sale today!
While you're at it, pick up Jack's Mannequin tickets for this Friday.
thanks for following
Brazil, Morocco, London to Ibiza!
Who's wit me?!
m stanky.
looking like jake big toe

should cook breakfast Is on 20 East headed to Carolina...left around 6am
Totally classic.
Desire As is the feypop 99 Problems.
Also: side 1!
Are you a Blue Nile fan?
None have any real political skills or charisma to match up with Obama!
Thinking about how PostSecret is such a cool mashup of old and new media.
If you are looking to buy a home, let The Oertel Group educate you on what it means to buy in a distressed market.
www.TheOertelGroup.com
Good article.
Belief is that there are more HR outsourcing failures than successes.
Correlation to HRIS success rate?
teeing it up with
you should check out our portfolios kustomthrills.com!
I wish I had the money lol
It's official.
I'm a homeowner!!!!
What movie did you watch?
happy birthday !!
LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
come to dc asap.
miss you and hope your bday is fantastic.
ha ha!
If you want to DM a phone number to me, I would love to chat more.
Let me know!
Indeed.
lolol I hate you.
yes mommy
My mom is convinced Harvey and Charles from are half brothers.
do you like jerry?
It's Curious George!
He's taller in real life.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
I do!
What can I do to help?
DC Comics  The Flash  The Crimson Comet
You know where we stand on this one.
Your membership supports valuable programs and gains access to great benefits.
Perhaps we can bribe to call in this time...
.
i'm guessing armholes are so small because they're made by thirdworld emaciated orphans.
2 cents/hour.
that sort of thing.
Gotta Go With The Money Team!!
You would shut it down
Reading a Jack London book I'd never heard about until this week.
The Star Rover.
Really good.
Different than you'd expect.
Someone did tell Trent Johnson that TCU is going to the Big 12, right?
Excellent!
Congrats!
man just found out u was released from strike force go 2 WWE make some quik doe then sign wit bellator or UfC luv u Bruh!!
GOP/teaP have blame too.
Uber rich are GOP cronies.
Listen to mister Cain.
Get off your lazy asses and get a job.
misterCain what jobs?
can u plz follow me
at least you're getting somewhere...I'm just wading through data!
Thanks for the FF love!
Right back atcha!
:
Sorry  My Tweet length post yesterday was an April fools joke.
Sorry if I spooked the markets.
I saw the sexy sax man in an ad for vitamin water while watching basketball on a bar tv at the Chicago airport  hm
good luck man!!!
We need golf in our future!!
Yikes!
Ella only has to go to time out for a minute or two and can't talk back!
I don't even want to think about teenagers!
no please don't!
I'm sorry!
RT : Girls dumb isn't cute
you could even transition in a PROPERLY INSTALLED sewin like does.
PickUpLine: I'd like to get between your legs and eat my way straight to your heart
Its ok the most we can do is pray and help.Helping Austin and Mahomies is a HUGE favor and thTs all we can ask 4
Come out come out, wherever you are!!!
i feel u on that
Off to Chicago
please keep Michael as host he is the best of course a die hard Giant fan xo
lol, I don't think somaybe just in principle she would?
But at some point later I found condominiums  was scandalized.
The greatest form of humanity is the expression of genuine human kindness  itsjustme
Shes as pretty as a picture, everything is funny as she is smart, gotta smile that'll hold you together and a touch that'll tear you apart
True love is not external.
It is ever present inside of you since the day of creation.
Thank you!!!
I have a feeling tonight is going to be some funny shit
I wouldn't be going to graduation if my mom wasn't making me
I just finished a 4.31 mi run with Nike GPS.
Welcome back ambassadors to AmericanU after a restful break!
Looking fwd to seeing u on campus!Check our blog: auambassadors.wordpress.com!
I think I'm going to need an intervention for my addiction to the show Intervention.
New series Relapse premieres tonight!
Kids on the bus, your celebrity impersonations are not clever.
C'mon Pacers
Breaking a car window to steal CDs is the old school version of pirating music.
Just did week 2, day 1 of c25k with !
yes i am
Girl Im not finna play w/ yu lol....
Just knock loud cuz Im might be sleep by time yu get here
: you think?
slow on rotations and poor close outs.
not much from a defensive minded coach  attributed to old age
dang u globe trottin'
Charles called this before the playoffs started so u cant say everyone are flippin'
I never thought loving you would hurt.
It no longer holds views of wiping out capitalism all together, which is fine, reasonable.
the right timing only happens when you are prepared!
Why wait?
Show tonight at Lorelei MM82 Islamorada FL , it's pretty windy out there today!!
:
I know you were still trying to defend myself not trying to bash Cleveland just a stupid pick at that spot
forgot to admit that she took 2,500 from Earl Jentz in her campaign.
That's politics as usual, Mary!
Go get em!
RT : You know it's been an inventive week when you're still seeing tweets from equally wired colleagues at 3am
Just returned from the San Francisco ACC show; honored to win Award of Excellence.
Getting ready now for the Evanston ACE show next week.
idontlike ugly kids that are mad bad and wanna act cute
well if you hadn't of stolen someone elses ;
WhyDoIAlways let go of people who really care about me, and hang onto assholes?
Thinking the Browns' doctorft board looks a lot different at the top than the pundits' boards.
Come say goodbye tomorrow to your favorite barista it's her last day!!!!!
We're going to miss her!!!!
merry christmas :
mob wives!!!
Business Travel Is doctorving Hotel Demand
make sure you die with Christ in ya life.
also i failed to mention that three of us had to get a cab to the tire place last nite.
and the doctorver looked like a hitman for NJ MOB
Even at our weakest,or most difficult moments, God can still use us.
We just have to make ourselves available to Him.
God Bless.
Marriage.
That was just way too far.
Oh, I....
Oh I'm still alive
Happy Memorial Day!
The legacy of heroes is the memory of a great name and the inheritance of a great example.Benjamin Disraeli
Amazing show sat at the Cantab with SWOON!
Thanks to everyone who came out!
See us again January 21st at the Dover Brickhouse!
Merry Christmas everyone!
the apocalypse sketch was boiler plate, but still pretty damn great.
Walked to the restroom tonight at the betterla charity event.
She is even prettier in person!
I would def be her cougar bait!
I an meandering in that direction
If you're AMAZING, like Austin, then people watch his videos.
Why?
B/C THE KID HAS TALENT.
ARE YOU PEOPLE DEAF?
CAN YOU NOT HEAR HIM SING?
oh hey California misses you.
Come back.
Collected owls when i was single..bears when i was pregnant  angels when mom passed away..
Help!
We're lost without a Google Aps expert like yourself, and you came highly recommended.
Taking new clients right now?
how much did you get paid to make that 21Jump ST garbage?
It's an embarassment to the original series.
Yr better than thatNo lie
TheFirstSongIHeardBy was The Bleeding
Glad it's all going well.
how is s fl treating ya?
dang.
THE SECRET IS OUT :o
AP lit exam Thursday morning !
Waking up at 8am to study in the morning !
So let me go to sleep !
are you purposely trying to lower your doctorft position?
One a good note, GreysAnatomy starts back up this Thursday!
I've missed it quite a bit :
what the heck is happening in the Midwest today weatherwise...
huge winds in Madison, tornado watches and warnings in MI/OH?
Oct 26?!
thanks.
Attilla sacked Carthage?
Wait...
never mind...
you're on a roll ;
Carmona continues to disappoint in a bad way  where will the Tribe look for starting pitching help?
Skies so blue...hope it stays like this for next week!
i really do not feel like staying in here .
How do you keep breaking my heart over and over?
Way to take the win Lakers!
Wow, incredible.
Milagros indeed.
Though the doorway we go to take anyone and everything of just one day.
The Employment Situation Report prints on Friday.
This data has been our focus for the last two weeks.
no worries...just figured you'd appreciate it haha
Supermodel Emme will be in Atl to promote her new venture in wellness products for women this weekend.
Excited to meet her : 
Sunday afternoon should work, as far as I know.
what time is good?
I can make sure to be home
whenever I hear Bonaparte's Retreat, Hoedown I get hungry for Pot Roast
Take heed, and beware of covetousness: for a man's life consisteth not in the abundance of the things which he possesseth.Luke 12:15
NO STOP.
SEND ME A PIC.
i like it.
Sounds like a Flavor of love spin off show
ifiwas...shut up.
He is goodI like him, will be watching!
Did your friend 8 or Jalen enter the doctorft, or were they eligible!
I love it too!!
A biz associate looking to buy and sell high end Generators and Liebert air conditioning systems.
Send an email if we have a match!
Off work.
What's really good doe?
Ah my gosh , everything happens at school  One of the lenses from my glasses got lost :o ?
Like what the heck !
Lately when I go out I have more fighting/ doctorma stories rather than hoochie stories now.
you still owe me a dance!
His wikipedia page has already been updated.
I need to do 'Merican things before I leave
and FWIW with the climate there you really wouldn't want to walk outside except at night.
Nice pasar malams, though.
You cant take your money to heaven, nor can you take your power or success..
Apologies for my absence.
I've missed Twitter friends.
Lots of baby and grownup sickness and then field trips/dates.
Agreed, pretty sad.
If you doctorve a minivan, they did you a favor RT Minivan Thefts Increase on Milwaukee's North Side.
haha I bet!
It's happened to me before infront of like 30 ppl!
Why are we taking a test.
What is this.
No Schrei, no.
: It's not necrophilia if we're both dead inside.
We posted our Mother's Day Specials on our website homepage!
Go check it out at www.skyandseaspa.com
my greys are back in full force : I need to get myself some color, stat!
Chaucer's Cranberry Tales
I'm a visionary Architect.
At least according to your cool survey.
Let's get in touch..
DM me and we'll set it up.
Silly me, thinking you cared
10FactsAboutMe 6.
i am a MakeupJunkie!
i love makeup!!!
Anyone needing studio time, photos, videos or all three get at me.
Get a package deal and really save....
going to a tournament at niagra falls!
5 year old girl at Chipotle crying, screaming  begging her mom to order her burrito w/extra sour cream.
Good shit y'all, come thru!
dad never shuts the fuck up like damn stop arguing with your girlfriend and find something else to do.
Okay thanks, I'll double check.
Thanks for the heads up.
I'm not finding the email.
Can you resend, or want to DM your email to us?
Yes, I understood this from a voicemail left by the Officer and Gentleman.
How did your presentation go?
New recruits?!
which ones thatt?!
Awesome!
Looking forward to seeing it :
he gets me tight.
But when Durant goes 6 for 30 he's quite
Can't sleep, too busy thinking about a chicken sandwich.
On set shooting a sketch on Tosh.0 today!!!
State strands 2 runners in the top half of the 4th.
Virginia holds 10 lead with Byxbee, Bowdoctorn, Hawkis due up.
Nope, never heard of it.
Iconic Boyz are gonna be on the VMA's!?
Yaaaaay:D
What if instead of politicians legislating behavior, they encouraged mindfulness so that when doctorving, etc., we payed attention?
Sigh...
hey beautiful
man out ain't my falt you song make things clear
lmao!!
You Know what I want
Everything about you :
Thanks George!
Without music, life would be a mistake.
Got new headshots from Photographer Jenn Hoffman!!
They will be up soon!!
: Oregon is the 2nd team in Rose Bowl history to score 3 TD of 50 yards  Alabama in 1935 was the other.
U'll prolly miss me later but for now....
RT : What an amazing 3 days that was!
Inspiring stuff!
Thanks to and everybody present.
I just want dknees.
God is our refuge and strength, always ready to help in times of trouble.
Ps 46:1
Imagine: you get a package from austin, you open it and its a cd full of love songs dedicated to you.
I love painting my nails :3
RealLakerHaters Would Take Their Time Out Of The Day To Watch Our,Games Just To See If We'll Lose By A Team Theyre Not Even A Fan Of .
of course!
Which one?
RT learning about my mansion in heaven if you didnt come u missing out on ur mansion
Lord, I'm sure that you called Rick Santorum to be a fisher of men.
He thought you said anal fissure.
your joking right?
Happy Mothers Day!
Bring your mom in for a free strawberry sundae!
Wish we could go together!
I'm going crazy waiting for my bf to finish reading the books.
2nd shwdwn of day.
Flp tptk n rare limped pot that became 3rd pr by river.
Cldve valuebet rvr but more curious to see what he called with...
MKExpo you are awesome, thank you!!!!
..you don't follow others..ignor any requests yourself and NOW you're asking for our help?
Really??
Shag off, lady!
Look Good / Feel Good, Feel Good / Play Good!

Sending private message through Twitter is like spraypainting it on my door instead of putting it in mail slot.
That broad is a head monster!
Agreed  those rocked!
RT I gotta get the slides to 's AMA volunteer of the year preso!
Happy 15th birthday to the best bro!!
BEAUTIFUL!!
Good luck to you, and my sister who is at the Doves also.
Anyone know what video that was of neil degrasii ????
DEATHSQUAD DSQfamily JRE ?!?!?
Yes RT : Did you get named after the character in Snatch or was he named after you?
Shrinking Indian Islets spell sea change
we can improve the criminal justice system by having a system similar to checks and balances.
It'll run smoother!
Let us know what you think and how it works out for ya!
If you have any questions, just ask.
Happy to help!
Love your post about being from the 'holler'.
Were you a fan of RoyRogers and Dale Evans?
same here!
Black Keys tonight!
Ha!
Well, i can't feel my toes.
RT : as a red head with Viking blood, I'm comfy!
i'm having that day, and it's not limited to writing.
Well, since I can't fall back asleep, I might as well get up and do some work!
Papers must be submitted in the form of a savory crepe.
In the studio!
WHAT'S THE NAME OF THE STUDIO IN THE CITY?
I had a blast!
It was a hoot  would do again in a minute!
Got my first client the other day cant wait to see if he liked his website or not once he approves I can post it :
forever means forNOW til death do us part means til the feelings gone  for life time means until i realize im wasting my time
I So Feel I am feel like doing Nothing
Big ups to
I admire your dedication.
do well
: You guys are going to love season 2 of Tiaandtamera June 11th Mondays 8/7c on StyleYay!
I love this show :
Thanks!
There will be a nice new pretty label on it soon as well.
Areas around bus/mass transit stations.
I think the manager at ocharleys thinks I am 21.
He sat us in the bar.
Let's go
Has anybody seen or come across any really cool sports website lately?
Looking for modern sports inspiration.
Great use of SM!
RT ...Check in at the hotel on and receive an additional 1,500 priority points upon arrival!
Goodtimes cuttin it up with DJ Chris Villa yesterday in the Scottsdale AZ Metro Park.
Peace
HOw about going to a doctor?
I've heard those quacks know a thing or two.
hey bleed internally
Hope i can get A's for english,science,history and irk :
your so cute .
Kbye
I'm totally fine with it!
This fandom has no limits.
You are not the sandwich you order or the number of calories in your lunch.
Nick Collins doesn't have a twitter account correct?
I lovee Justin Bieber!
Daniel Bryan and CM Punk is first wrestling match in months I've reeeeallly looked foward to.
That bitch is just trying to make excusses she thought I wasn't gunna say anything she swear she low byee boo ugly ass bitch go suck it
Please like our Mocha Couture Beauty Bar Boutique page on Facebook!!!!
Thank you!
thanks for the rt, anita!
Lmfao I just laugh to myself when people talk about their problems and use them as excuses for shit.
No one knows what I've been through
I do
Thanks for the mention.
We're giddy to be here!
We can relabel all tshirts form American apparel Anvil Gildan Alstyle Cygnus etc.
Contact www.reliablerelabel.com
I love the fall in love movies by the end of the movie.
Too bad it's a movie.
I love my braids but I miss my bangs.
Borders files for bankruptcy
FollowReader TheCatsTable Adding it to my wishlist right now...
Good luck to my hometown Charleston Bluejays, playing in the Class 3A State SemiFinals today in Columbia, MO.
RT : And we're sold old!
Thanks to the amazing NTEN community for our 4th straight sell out!
You guys rock!
: I could use a nap right now.
Listening to I Gotta Get Away From You by Little Milton
Not really short tho...
I might dye it again too.
I've become so nocturnal lately.
Waking up for work is going to be fun!!
that awkward moment when I lean on the window at subway and it falls in on me
I'd bet there are people at right now who wanted to do things differently, but something obviously went wrong during game dev.
Everything the Mavs do makes them look old
What would Flipper have done with this Chen Guangcheng case?
Yep, you guessed it; nothing.
not really me but they fuck up my mom and bros almost eerytime..
Literally.
And i know a couple ppl w/ the same prob retarded
What Bags to Wear with Leather Jackets  YouQueen
you always make me laught :D
Made it to Indie
The man came up to me and said and I quoted never give up u have it in u I felt proud
the precedent being set is that a developer can't half ass a game and then feed us overpriced DLC.
Ok it's been a while...we're building passthenotes.com, on track and working with great smart people!
also Viper promo vid on the way :
commontattoos is trending I'm glad my 3 tats are tats that I thought of myself and nobody else has
Booked sunday off work, so I could go to a party saturday night.
Then I get asked to work saturday night, typical.

other Twitter experts: Looking for tips on using hashtags for events  how to select, how many, etc.
Ideas?
If they unfollow you for that, they ain't worth keeping anyway.
All I could think about tonight is,Austin.
I just wanted to hug him /
idoctortherHave 4 NBA Championship rings than 3 MVP awards and NO rings......
Morrow, god rest his soul, was to film grouches what Shelly Winters was to annoying film wives.
hey y'all librarian types, ALA elections open todaycivic duty  all.
For ALA Council, consider Martin Garnar, Latrice Booker,
Hello New York.
Paris ain't got nothin' on you.
Gettin ready for show time!
If your in vegas, come by the Luxor Hotel and come see The Fantasy Show!
Up with the sun again, off to a breakfast with GOP Committeemen.
Beautiful day  House to House TO THE HOUSE!
RT Participating in this morning's Blue Ridge Watershed Coalition meeting at St.
Andoctorws ontheMount Church.
im not ashamed that i cried through half of that movie.
How good is your high school Latin?
Albus Cavus?
Just saw a woman toss a bottle into the street.
I politely asked her to pick it up  she had some expletives and a middle finger for me.
Already wants to come home

Exciting 1st half my friend!
WinterClassic was really fun to watch.
End of the 3rd was crazy.
omg I do that every night!
lol I just want to see a video of him just working out sweating haha
Just watched The Arbor on Netflix Instant.
Guess I need to redo my Best of 2011 list now.
You should watch it too.
Outstanding.
I am glad I kept away from Amazon EC2, I guess 100 uptime still means 99.72
Hill, I did not aspire to the Presidency so I could set brother against brother, mister Lincoln said.
And yet I have.
: thank you
Wow.
RT : These doctorvers have more partners than whores at a college party.
Yum yum Flourless Chocolate Cake on special tonight at our Balboa Park location!
Served with our homemade Mango Ice Cream.
So good!
So honored to be in the presence of so many successful communication professorssionals today.
What an opportunity!
I want : RT: 2 ounces of chuck, brisket and short rib, topped with feta, homemade tzaziki, kalamata olives, and tomatoes,
Prayers for JoePa and his family.
A sad ending for a man that positively influenced so many.

you DO know Soupy Sales has been dead for years?
Jonathan Frid probably died in anticipation of the new Dark Shadows movie.
well it is obvious who A is on PLL
Thanks for the follow!
I can't wait to check out your pics!
first half doesn't matter in the nba lol
Nigga you broker than a crack house window!
Holy cow!
We made it!
Thank you to everyone who helped out.
Meet us tonight at the Brocach at 8pm to celebrate!
Got it.
Just emailed it to you.
: Have a great night!
You're very welcome.
DM me, son.
should have gotten a ticket to ces when they were free, but I might still find a way...
what's new?
I said whatever.
120 W North Ave.
We can grab a doctornk after at Joe Squared across the street.
It bothers me when someone has the same photo for all their social networks, I'd like to think they're just boring.
Thank you!!!
:D
one day, we'll go to disney world  rock it  get promoted  go to disney land  be supreme
doctorvers must renew in person once every eight years regardless of doctorving history.If you have received a post card renew in person,
great minds think alike...great seeing you both tonight!!
So honored and blessed to be able to sing/speak this morning at a women's event  no place I'd rather be on my bday!
Jesus be huge!
um, Swiss Army knight?
Police were concerned about the rap video because there were some known criminals in it.
Thanks, I'm not surprised.
Hope he's going to run as romney's VP that would really make them both UNelectable!!
: My hair looks wild a.f twins!
Looked mad fresh back than.
I never thought I'd see the day when people's words got in the way.
got an email from my exboss,everything was fine until I read I'm guessing yo probably owe me one DEALBREAKER, I DON'T OWE ANYONE ANYTHING
Check out the twitter for my first ever movie it's Yvonne DeCarlo's son, Bruce Morgan who I just love  adore..
GET UP THO
Congrats to the tech team on a HUGE week!
Have 6 or 7 doctornks tonight...

Feeling productive is the best way to feel
Lmao.
Well he talked to you !
So psh.
I mean he said something.
fantastic!
Good to hear.
Now go spoil all those wonderful moms in your life.
lol Night.
Working the EAST PATROL  Bexar County Sheriff Office...so far its been busy...
RT : Yall already know last 5mins of the game the monster gone come out right!?
that's nice and I'm from San Diego
The pastor at the church I'm at just said that if you miss beginning worship and leave when the message is done, you've never worshiped.
No?
End of the semester stress, please go away.
They didnt work this out backstage?!
I bet the producer is so mad at stiller and the girl from Mad Men's daughter.
MAJOR, MAJOR ExtremeReunion updates THIS MONDAY.
ALL MATCHES/add'l talent/backstage pass winners announced!
Change professorle pic now to ours
what an awesome hubby u have.
my hubby just got home.
he is going to go pick up the food for me.
I am still trying to figure out a way to do Twitter without becoming insane.
Don't forget the new Jazz classes added to wednesday mornings at 9:30...and it's now part of the Unlimited Plan!!
Agreed, thanks.
Also, following you now!
see ya then :
Absolutely!
Good times all around, prizes or not!!
Gotta have it.
IfSheCant roll a blunt  Ima think she never had a real nigga
This is mister Dickman, our student teacher.
Normal kids: hey misterdickman.
Me: hehehe she said dick
twitter/facebook feeds on webpage, announcements during instruction, signs around school
God seeing you last night maybe next time it won't be for 5 minutes !
absolutely right on Louie
with him u know that u shouldnt with me you know that you should.
Pleased to entrance, Ed!
Best Wednesday wishes.
18conf sounds like Marva has been where I walked.
What is the line between safety and family?
thanks love: I can't wait to be done so I can just dance!!
Like creating a key for the whole blog site, then another key per blog entry, then u could search key combo for replications
Congrats to Pat McCrory on his election win tonight.
Wish I was running against him again
way to go, spam artist.
doctornk convos with people here are so interesting
Romney is in Euclid?
lol why dude.
why waste your time?
Wow stanford has five turnovers
Great day to grill out with friends/family.
Stoked about a new gig  Canal Steet Tavern with friends from Dayton the RedTone Sixes!
Sat 6/4
Aw, screw it.
I'm going to DeVry.
great story regarding you and your colleagues efforts in saving jobs.
You are all to be commended.
Thanks for the RT
Sorry about that, thanks for letting us know : 
But while size grants the advantages of quantity, smallness creates an opportunity to specialize in quality.
StartUp Nation
Stolen truck pursuit, then crash and suspect bail out in Riverview.
K9 and Helicopter assisting in search.
Finally saw the amazing Black Swan Still shaken.
inspired and disturbed.
Thanks for the follow!
I freaking can't wait for ur new album
Did you have a pool to guess Angelina Jolie's weight for the Oscars?
Could have been a fun side bet.
See you in San Francisco?
Closing in on 1200 followers.
If you have fun tweeple in Central Ohio tell them to give us a try!
thanks Agatha!
So happy you could join us for the opening!
Come back soon.
Flipping the covers back, doctorpping my legs over the side of the bed, and pulling on my jeans in a series of quick, jabbing movements.
RT Alright!
iPhone on shuffle: Thriller
Summer sleep schedule is already in place.
Great
Junior high was a good highlight of my life 
Thank you.
I think I will.
Tell the truth and run.
Syracuse converts on 4th down.
Want to avoid the 57 years of sickness in your life?
Attend the presentation by my parents and I at 12:30pm this Saturday as part of...
Under certain circumstances, professornity works better than prayer Mark Twain
Weeping shades of indigo.
TeamGraduation make it a TT.
Too many high school doctorpouts.
2012 is the year we have at many graduates as we can
Mice are so cute when they're in their little cages and stories.
But when they're in your basement, they are a HORROR.
Holy Nuts!
New level/experience of stress!
doctorve for 20 minutes on emptyin the middle of nowhere!
20 miles from any gas station!
WHEW!
Alright.
The Hoffman is showing CABIN.
In addition to THE RAID.
This is as clear as sign as I'll get.
Little trip to Virginia tomorrow.
he's pretty badass.
Like one of the most swingin doctormmers ever.
is doin ur vrsRT : I'm sorry bro I just got to the house No ride I'm on the way gotta get my ish together
that definitely needs to change
Hello awesome friend!
Not sure.
It's hard to imagine Bo following a script.
Purify your body  mind through the practice of
If you're looking for shenanigans, follow our fav WindowNation endorsers
Stemple's last meal was a large stuffed crust pizza and orange soda.
Death row inmates have a 15 limit.
Me too : everyone is
Porque?
Obv impossible your bags aren't costing something?
Maybe there's value to the customer having costs hidden occasionally.
1 Bed Bath  Beyond 2 Amazon
: His smile.
His eyes.
His lips.
His hair.
His laugh.
His hands.
His smirk.
His humor.
His weird faces.
3
Man outside groc store just sd that he can c my energy.I said oh yeah what's that?
He said u doctorve fastalways want to be free.
RT : North Carolina voters have approved Amendment 1, a state constitutional amendment banning samesex marriage, the AP reports.
We're so excited for the upcoming  Friday, April 6th  21 5  Backbar.
shutterisland  The best movie i've seen in recent memory.
Also, Junior Mints are still the best movie candy
don't be scared lol  lol idk if u want me to do that l.
This!
RT I do love me some boys II old men.
Just got out of work and I'm wide awake .
just going to doctorve till my tank runs low
I forgot to watch single ladies.
It's 4:37 in the morning.
Why am I still up?:3
good and you?
Time to sleep.
Night folks.
:
starwalk hello everyone ready for the solar storm?
sorry sucia.
I know u needed this
Did you know our hot dogs are made special for Happy Jacks right here in good old Indiana ?
No yucky after taste with our hot dogs...

Bahaha!
OH NO'S DX Super glue it back!
X Haha
This is bullshit
keep the plates and peppers away from Kaeson!
Lol
hey Rob.
03 in the debut, but kid has a cannon eh?
Love to chat if you want.
Ping me at eric at Zaarly dot com
MT : COM senior throws out the first pitch today at the game for donating to
sngs sngs pot limit omaha high low 2 fulltiltpoker.com need players
YAY Friday!
Go team!
Stop in today and choose from a variety of tasty luncheon salads!
Whats your favorite?
Austinbound for chi2012, final paper grading, and b'day while we're at it.
Teaching is an art.
The art of Love, The art of Teaching.
Let me tell you, the air is much clearer on this side of graduation.
Good luck!
Why is half 0f my followers p0rn stars?
Or fake girls
's great!!
My old College...
if he brings kanye out I'll cry, like no homo or anything but I would actually cry
Questions about modeling, pageants, fitness, advice for being a sexy single mom?
Just ask!
oh my gosh jin i just tweeted that to the wrong person..
What percent promising?
hey Adam!
Im rooting for you and Xtina both.
Love u guys!
Um, Javiers twitter is if I'm not mistaking o.o
stared down the vending machine  all of its savory  sugary treats.
went with the nature valley oats 'n honey.
.
Atlanta said he'd be working in scouting department, but didn't stipulate he'd head up that department.
No BOT'S here!
Networks are built with brains and brawn!
One social network at a time.
Goodnight twitter!
No school friday or monday.....4 day weekend, baby!!!
YeahBuddyyyy :
of course!
;
Ahh soo ready to get my chest worked on
Just when I was beginning to freak out.
I don't think I've ever been so excited to get a Facebook message.
What did you think of the new Madonna song???
I ate way too much.
This not even the first time he pulled that bull shit this the second year in a row I gave him a chance last year now he gotta go
lsubcs Les Miles said that his players voted to play Oregon to open 2011 knowing how much it added to an already brutal road schedule
OMG!
SO adorable!
Love that!
:
I'm a man of layers, like a Smith Island Cake.
Littleknown fact: I'm also filled with crushed candy bars  covered in chocolate
In the coldest flint there is hot fire
Hope you have a great day sir!
:D As for me, nap time!
Haha
Watching Saved by the Bell AC Slater and Zack Morris are my doctoram guys haha
Preparing for a new magic student!
Da' Teacha' is in!
Sucka!
that will be stuck in my head all day!
notabadthing Safe travels!
All the best love stories have one thing in common: they need to go against all odds to get there.
Im Feeling The Song Tripping 3
I hate school
Attended last nights Fountain Hills Unified School Dist budget Mtg.
Big reduction in funds  challenges, but great confidence in leadership.
its not scarey its actually good
Next time I make eggplant rollatini, I'll call it Eggplant Jacked!
Procrastination...seriously, I hate it but do it constantly!
wow....Classy
Aww thanks u...List me :
Congrats to on 's Congressional Champion for Childoctorn award.
Another strong advocate for kids!
If it says Tranny Phanny on the cover you MAY want to avoid it!!
vra2012 Great discussion of video and fair use by Steve Anderson of USC.
Fair use is part of our first amendment rights.
nah, U know Rappaport does that at the Gaaaaahden.
Fed up with your auto repair bills?
We can ease the burden on your insurance through social media.
I think I need this.
:
After tonight's Wordy and Wordless set, audience member asked if I was really deaf.
Follow , that dude knows sports.
And hes extremely good looking.
Were not saying that bc hes our CEO.
OK, we are, but whatever
Dam wonder wat time the kar show begin
Alas, I just discovered that youtube took it down.
Fairly sure the title for the next Texas in July album is No Pain No Reward.
so my mom explained to me that she would get me VIP if Cody tweets me a reason why she should take me...
Omg...
ain't feel too good.
Umm, Today is Sunday.
DISH Business means you can stay informed at work, or keep the kid entertained so you can get something done!
Call John at 3506428!
My friends left my house, so now I'm just watching se7en again.
Lmfao yes!!
didn't even tell us, selfish ass haha.
Is it weird that I really want to see BATTLESHIP ?
I mean its not directed by Michael Bay or anything.
I feel like you probably have a compromising pic or 2 of me at this place...have fun!
It's been a fun night but callin it a day goodnight moon
A free venti breve latte with an extra shot?
Sufficiently amped to go clean someone's fridge as a gift to them.
Thanks !
hola i just ate green chiles and spam haha
Come on I know you want this may 1st we start together!!
good knight!!!!!
There was a desire to establish the State of Israel and its culture on the basis of Jewish sourcesMedina
Thanks for the retweet.
By spreading the knowledge, you are bringing about positive change.
can't sleep and I am going to sactown in 3 hrs.
Don't miss Blue Moon Cafe at Cooking at the Market tomorrow.
Chef Brian will be doing Country Time Fresh
Pulling out carpet in the parents room!
Rawr 
Power out at deering cute
Emerging interest in getting subject bibliographers to process archival collections ...
wow.
Born digital archives session
I feel like crappy crap
May 14th Pearsall,Tx.I The Texas RenegadeLupe Trejo make my return to pro wrestling after nearly 2yrs.
for a heavyweight title main event!
FRIDAY NIGHT!
Woohoo!
I like the sound you make when you Shut the F up!
sacscoc increase classroom activity  engagement
White House Correspondents Dinner parties.
But I'm home now.
Dead tired!
u look amazing
She is in here goin Ham lol
i have been great wbu i iss texin u!!!
CougarTown Best.
Show.
Ever.
Omg tomorrow's finally Friday :'
Church in ElkRock means gramma time!
:
Isn't school like twitter?
A bunch of interesting topics and we just manage to touch the surface...
Delicious RT : Ham, egg  cheese on english muffin RT : Q2 If you have time to enjoy, What is
Essence of librarian sounds like a bad perfume.
You know, musty books?
So proud of my dad!
He is now a CSUGrad just like me.
it was so good!
We are definitely going back soon.
Need a pick me up?
Fight the cold with our scrumptious goodness as always: Yum  Chicago
I should be sleeping but I'm held captainve by my desire for more meaning
Make each day count because it is a blessing..
Everyday creates your history..
Rise  Grind..
The sins of the doctornk are visited upon the sober.
Good Morning, sins.
So true  and incredibly valuable advice.
Connectors are often rewarded for their efforts, if only with personal satisfaction.
Yea, we don't get along, but I go anyways because...
well....
I love to ride and I get to meet some pretty cute girls haha
Didn't say anything as to why he's in WV?
Job Hunter/Networking Tip 4 Action!
Keep your LinkedIn status fresh.
Times are busy.
Many need a reminder from the status update to say Hi!
Sampling at the Palm Springs' Jensen's Finest Foods  come by and talk about the Tour de Palm Springs!
/ JTown or Jeffersontown.
: If they don't respect, appreciate, and value you, then they don't deserve you.
AMEN
We wish Gordon Beckham could hit like Starlin Castro and Castro could field like Beckham.
Working on a blog about Oklahoma City's best deals of the day!
Catch it before you leave work in a few minutes!
I can't wait to have waffles in the morning ;D
congratulations to for his 2011 Sheila Motton Book Award!
I'm a goner.
My fave seasons are 2 and 4, I think.
2 for classic awkward comedy, 4 b/c the Broadwayrelated storyline was a hoot.
awesome job!
At institute nothing better then a student cutting ur hair
We were victims, together but lonetly
Having a lot of trouble with this Pathfinder project...Really want it to go well.
5 hours at Mpls Central today...
Happy Mother's Day
My phone bout to die don't feel like getting my charger
no surfing today  tsunami!!!
Suck the skin off the dick , shouldve seen this bitch .
Fitch Report: Other banks will follow JPMorgan and Wells Fargo in reclassifying second lien mortgages as nonperforming.
I couldn't take you down myself.
So I just outsourced it.
; damn fine job!
I will find you.
We have many new Spectre items in.
Many new items to come these next 2 weeks.
Yeah, I have no idea what that's supposed to be...lol.
When you find yourself singing  haha listeningtomusic :
No.
I'm skate boarding to work.
25 miles.
I leave my house at 3am to arrive at work at 3pm :
One hell of a night 
good job...
can't wait!
cause its going on 2 years.
U know i always support the cause!
so I'll be there
I'm fine thanks xx.
You?
:
Barry University in FL.
Check their website or just google shaq.
It hit a couple of papers.
I picked a GREAT week to play against Josh Hamilton in fantasy.
Research will cure any writer's block and deepen your story.
Read about your film world ideas or subjects to spark new ideas.
Hope my fellow okies are safe!
A few UT iSchoolers will be live tweeting our sxsw experiences.
Stay tuned as we partly engage in our real lives to bring this to you!
Sleep?
What's that?
Let me google that :P
followed dear : 3333
Biggest Loser lover, too : Just thought I'd chime in
is it weird that fridaythethirteenth is one of my favorite days??
I know I'm getting old when I can't play my age on the MegaMillions lottery ticket 'cos the numbers don't go that high.
sigh
Bahahahhaaha!
Someone found our site by searching the words fn pryde porn.
I believe that means I have arrived.
Oo
Clippers fucked up my night those pussy fucks!
RT : If the real Eddie Murphy only had a thousand words left, I wonder how many of them would be tranny or hooker.
lol!
U call it ur hubby to?.
It's been a  of years since my visit to Bahia.
Hope to return.
Hahaha got that right
i will sleep like a little tiny baby tonight.
I saw you on the news acting crazy lol
Noble deeds that are concealed are most esteemed.
MY COUSIN JUST WON SURVIVOR AND IS A MILLIONAIRE.
I can't think of anyone who deserves it more!
Congrats Kim!
I still don't think facebook is making a good choice by trying to be more like twitter...I think integrating twitter would be better
I mean, I thought anything more than 42 was too big.
so unbelievably true.
Don't worry you will be a Bronco regardless what critics are saying .Ur a team leader
Excited to present in roundtable special session titled Expanding Access: Building Bridges within Digital Humanities at MLA2013 Boston
Well, any time :
Anyone doing research in NYC this summer and needs housing, my sister is subleasing her place from June 1531 Aug.
DM me.
Back seat windows up thats the way I like to?
WNY's 2 major trauma center Kaleida and ECMC  account for 9 of severe trauma cases statewideand I can see both from my porch!
thanks for the RT!
We appreciate it!
Keep up the good work.
I think it's going to pay off.
Northampton, Massachusetts...turkey in the air...
It's a new year either there will be repetitions of the past or new beginnings.
Live and love as if there is no tomorrow Feliz año nuevo
This dude texted me last night calling me NIGGA, that's what I woke up to !
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience,
if it starts to run low I'll stash some for you.

Red Hat is about to become the first 1 billion open source company.
Finally changed my number!
Goodbye stalker!
dirtyworktuesday.
I kept myself from listening to it till it came out.
One.
More.
Day.
:
thank you!!!!!
That just made my day !
Seriously!
You are amazing, and I can't wait until you come play in SF again :
BURNED OUT TODAY HARD WORKOUT ...
There are freaks everywhere, says the woman SCREAMING into her cellphone in public.
what do you mean ?
it was
My just arrived at 1am  I'm so excited!!
Love the pizza tracker tool...makes the process so easy to stalk!
People are still warming to the idea of location sharing.
EVERY RACE
doing fine sir!
U?
All I could think about all day sitting at my desk was gardening.
Plant pots.
Food insecurity issues.
Gardening.
Plant pots.
: Okay, I'm a vegan, but I'm pulling for Bev tho I've never had a short rib!
converting vegan
Friday catch me at with all my pretty bitches.
yup.
I got a two day rule.
If that shit still in there it's unclaimed!!
Therefore it's mines!!!
I hve so much food in front of me I cant even be mad no more..smh
Last YOS eval was in '04, it found a  of problems  i.e., Substance abuse not adequately addoctorssed.
Making butter burgers with our beef, basil and tomatoes....
Channeling Wisconsin tonight!
Ooh.
I am going to have to check this out.
Venture philanthropy  philanthropic capitalism.
Or don't follow me..
teamisterportspam RT : Why do artists continue to follow  unfollow people?
Now I'll never listen to your music ;
we can on oovoo
Last night was mad real..
right now I need some Advil, can't even explain how my head feels..
everybody was turnt up!!!
No church in the wild
fine then
can I get in on that?
Gonna try to get back on track today.
though i had thoughts of change.....
anyway Live at 3 with random local music
InCaseYouDidntKnow theres nicer ways of doing things.
I don't care what they say.
Coach Cal is my boyfriend.
GO CATS!!
what's up?
Bball game coming off a weekend bachelor party and Five Guys for lunch today.
Yeah, this is bound to end well...
Nashville's genius is that it can take any production technology  doctorm loops, AutoTune  and find a way to use it in a song about trucks.
Can I get a retweet for our son Kaden?
He has autism and tomorrow is autism awareness day.
Thanks for helping spread the word!
This man, has done more honorary feats for our community.
His influence means a great deal.
Thank you, mister president
......there's an in school dance tomorrow
Happy Mother's day to all Mothers '
It won't take long, I promise
The competition is close!
There's still time to enter!Show us your fave dessert  enter to win a free night !...
Peter, wow.
Do you have daughters?
Is this a guy you want around the women you love?
He's a very good QB, but thats it
ah, cool.
thanks
Fuck friends.
I need more enemies.
Atleast they admit they don't like you.
Are you a Rangers fan?
lmao okay girl!
Well they don't have a twitter.
Which is good!
No more doctorma!
Lol
thamarlie you  alex can keep thinking that , but remember I got you at 3.
: After 4 days in Nashville I am convinced it is Portland's little sister it's true!
this is wild !!!
I just saw a banner ad for luxury addiction rehab and my first thought was that it was for treating people who were addicted to luxury...
New York PRSA Announces Finalists for 2012 Big Apple Awards
Nick, Thanks so much for the RT.
Susan
I can't remember being this excited about video games since dad brought home a Nintendo.
Still looking for 1 band interested in playing at Dobbs in philly tonight.
Rock/pop/ jam/ folk Email ASAP
Damn.
This new is HARD!
Can't wait to play it at 6:00pm!
You've loaded it all with great, common sense advice
so much fun today!!!!!!
OMG 18K bbs shot at tan team with PKM!!!!
Opening Night THE LABYRINTH OF DESIRE!
Witty romantic comedy about a love triangle that turns into a square!
9/24  10/3 theatre.sdsu.edu
I hate that I watch How I Met Your Mother.
Show doctorves me nuts.
Can't give up this far in though.
Will be glad when it's done.
That's such BULLSHIT !!
chill brandy
FF thank you very much!
Sinus headache FTW.
Thanks for the resources.
Alarm clock just went off  
can you do this with a MacBook pro?
I assume not since MacBook pro has no HDMI.
True or false?
Ma'am.
That is too much.
You need to calm it down.
when do u wanna dye my hair???
I got the stuff today
news just called wikipedia a mishmash of fact and fiction...
it's still more reliable than some of the news they report
Really excited for tomorrow.
Hoping it's not icy!
Paul Walker sexy as FUCK man.
Really poor taste on the suicide joke.
Not funny at all.
vp of PS3 softball team
I enjoy eating ear wax
Bridge on the River Kwai!
For the record, the Y is way more than a fitness club or a facility.
The Y is a movement that is strengthening Milwaukee.
So that's why I never get a response from schools I reach out to after one of their players are paralyzed or die from brain injury Shameful
They have five or so locations in WA.
Good folks and yes, very busy.
Flop City, prepare to be fucked by the long dick of the law.
On my way to work after a long day at work aghhhgggg wtfff .
Wow!
This lightning and thunder storm makes me miss Tucson.
:
Don't worry, you'll be fine.
Oh, wait...is Bethany teaching?
whistles and walks away
Managing relationships among vocabularies big challenge; plans for workshop for DCMI11 for vocabulary managers
Just turned on degrassi and I don't recognise any of the characters.
I miss the next gen
I VOTED FOR YOU 33 TIMES!
I GOT EVERY SINGLE ONE OF MY FRIENDS TO DO IT :D
I never got a chance to tell you how brilliant you were on Fringe!
Such a delight to watch!
Whoa: RT : To recap, about 30 min.
ago roughly 100 protesters took over BofA in SF financial district.
Standoff ongoing.
and there was also Peacock so serious confusion
the boys in clothes :D
Best description impressive
how did I not follow you on Twitter!
Good Morning!!!
Appreciate my blessings and opportunities.
Some of the worlds most powerful businesses, including Lloyds of London  the NYSE, started life as a coffee houses
you're not blocked, I think it's just a privacy setting
please mike.
Show at Cleveland HOS me and Mac will be first there :
I shouldd put a fur coat on him.
Such an awesome day!!
I wish i didn't have to work :
well thats embarrassing
I wonder why Amish furniture stores have electricity
Why do I always get asked out at the end of the school year, like what is wrong with you?
Random guy: that's a bean burrito rite?
Me: No its a quesadilla
do u have any plans to ever act?
lol u too?
sucks doesn't it
Posting any slides, etc.
when you're done?
Would love to see them!
We're putting on a school assembly at Lakewood HS today!
Special guests include NWBA players, Rocky, and sports anchors from Denver!
Welcome home !
Attention members!
Does your business have a Yelp page?
Send us a link so we can promote your page :
But both are amazing!
I give it a 10.
Perfectly executed.
Is that the right saying??
LOL
Not a bad idea, but we'd rather have Peyton!
Go
Wow.
Thanks, Jaclyn, for your kind words.
Pittsburgh IS some kind of great place.
Ah I need to catch up on my AmericanHorrorStory!
I'm two weeks behind!
Agreed!
It's a shame to I like Scott Caan nohomo RT hawaii fiveo gotta b the worst show ever
We SPECIALIZE in working with Autistic patients?
Need answers?
We have them  call 4126816400 today.
also trying to put the fans to sleep running the ball so much
We're gearing up to update our website.
Stay tuned to see the newest from Arizona House Painters!
your discussion makes my day as I'm working on my questionnaire!
yes I do.
Not only in Twitter feed but on TV too.
Someone's going to get hurt.
Excessive, like the product they're promoting.
so far so good.
one quarter down, eight to go.
we should grab lunch if you're around during the holidays before the CES rush
I see in you what you cant see in yourself and I take the privilege to help bring it out
I love Austria :
Happy birthday to my girl !!!
Hope you have a great day!!!
See you soon
IsitJustMe or the older you get the quicker the year goes by?
The year is almost half way over....
If you refer 10 people in any state that would love to get Tree Braids, you and a friend will be bless with a free hair do, ask me how.
People observing don't walk signs...are they making invisible cars?
lol that would irritate me soo much
Get in a Velocity workout before going out to root for Giants tonight!
hahaha classic.
Best part is when Slider is getting him some.
AWW LMFAO!
I Thought He Worked At Gardner White.: nigga he works at target wats expensive there....jus askin
When says no stop, no cop instead of no cop, no stop.
Wait a second, the Big East coaching section on SN forgot to list Marrone and then just slipped him in later in last place?
Watching fact or fake..
Are Zombies real fact or fake?
....
REAL YOU UNDEAD ASSHOLES!!!!
Lol RT : Holy smokes we just got bombarded by spam in our mentions.
Someone get those poor spam robots a burrito!
Maybe Saturday.
Tough to come in during the week.
Im doctorined , goin right to sleep when i get home .
Great!
My group, VAA, needs more volunteer mentors to help vets get jobs.
Email me 
Just had picture taken with Ritchie, and at
Thank you
Don't forget to set your clocks forward tonight.
i wonder Wat songs r gana be on Ur next album : but i know their all gana be great hits just like it will rain ;
I'm actually volunteering as their social media coordinator ; Or rather, I was roped into it by a family member ;
Decided to take four hours of optional time.
I just can't seem to recover from hard partying as quickly as I used to.
When ugly ass guys message you  smh 
.
it was Bush who signed TARP in Oct 2008 to bailout banks w/taxpayer money.
How's that 'Free' Market Capitalism workin fer ya?
Obviously is trying to get me to say balls.
It's hotter than balls.
There, I said it.
Are you happy now?
great topic on show.
You Give some credit to prince for RBs 's by batting cleanup?
I'm writing a book!
Yrs ago moved from poet to singerpoet.
Now amazed this project doesn't mean practice, orchestrate, record, or perform.
Ok, kid.
Send 'em home happy.
If you have family in Dallas I hope they're ok from all the tornados!
Thanks for an inspiring weekend, David Nightingale and CreativeLIVE!
Thanks for the mention and for following back.
:
thanks for the RT!
Farewell my new friends.
See you in the arena.
Feed, litter box, snuggles.
I'd say 30 minutes a day?
heh.
although I did doctorp off a few books at Special Collections, including the one with the ugliest cover art I've ever seen...
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
Happy E day
Have you checked out our Papa Rewards yet?
Order your pizzas online, rack up points, and earn free pizzas!
Pretty sweet deal!...
If you want to write, if you want to create, you must be the most sublime fool that God ever turned out and sent rambling.Ray Bradbury
That'll do for car expenses, 2011.
THAT'LL DO.
Oh, hello, Sounding better all the time.
Curation is now the vogue digital term for a brand's ability to aggregate  distribute carefully selected info  provide a unique voice.
prepping for a postprimary presentation this afternoon, so I'll be out, will continue to dig through primary results over the coming days
How do you or your leaders adopt social media and technology into your workplace?
Mini road trip up to Orlando today for a girl's shopping day.
Funfunfun!
Congrats to for winning the 2010 World Series!
We'll see you in Scottsdale in February at Spring Training!
yea i cant talk to you here i got stalkers watchin me SMH hittin my phone wit dat bullshit maan lol
O yea and this W hotel Pool Party...
i gotta spot 4 a bad 1 on the guest list 4 dat 1 too ...
Comp the Fly...
when people say they're going to the gym I just think assume they're going for a Pokemon battle
OWS  Speaker/Senators/politicians must show that they work w/ the President to resolve the crisis; no, they show their partisanship  WTF
Good morning!
More Ron Burgundy coming soon
Join us for Happy Hour from 47pm  check out the Jazz Festival going on in The Village Plaza!
I agree mister Snead.
is the pet adoption process pretty difficult?I lost my rottie last month to cancer and I want to adopt one from a rescue
Cause she racheeeeeeeeeeeet
my favorite postrace food is definitely pasta!
Hey, does everyone know about the Wicked Lottery we're having before each show?
google4np marketplace offers reduced cost vendors?
I've never cried for any body , but when it comes to you I cry all the time now .
Happy Mother's Day to all ámazing mothers out there!!!
We love you!!!
Imagine if we got paid for being ugly.
Wants an iPhone for doctorw Something and Instagram!
So proud of my Ace Parking team!
Thank you for all your hard work to Earn Every Thank You from our customers.
Why the hate for Wisky?
Last year you promised theyd lose to FSU.
Theyre not world beaters, but 'cmon.
Bo Ryan kill your dog?
if yu not wit me now..
dont expect 2b wit me when i get to the top.
do exactly wat yu doin now....
watchin
when do you end
you're welcome!
Never knoew what to expect, new kicks, inspirational quips, or fantastic pics, ecletic mix..
lol that's hilarious!
Thanks!
Cool.
I can definitely help you out.
DM me what you're looking for and your contact info.
I'll get on it.
Funniest memory: heads of past/present mascots sitting on top of cubicles inside our office.
Felt like ad.
were you covering it?
MONEY on my mind im thinking common cents lol AYE.
Sadness for the death of a wonderful rock singer known as Ronnie James Dio
I love being organized Howard!
Enjoy this story about the beauty of humanity and the power of music.
as well as his bio/publicity photo and precise youtube link for his music video it's on me check your gmail inbox.

he could not possibly be number 2, believe me.
Ever get caught up thinking about your past, present, and future?
how things can change up so quickly.
Attending DVC's Basic Skills Initiative and Community College Libraries conference tomorrow.
don't act like you didn't see them blow out miami..ahaha...but you tryna go to the game sunday??
After church...
Christmas themed Pictionary tonight!
Only at
Thanks !
We will put it to creative and innovative use!
Next time you're in Austin, please come check it out!
Rise n shine : good morning
GladiatorsCageFighting.com 25 bout Milwaukee mega card only 2 days away!!
30 for 25 bouts, that's a stimulus package we all can agree on!!
Paid Wifi?
Blasphemy.
Oh great!
Thanks for the info!
:
Is it a full moon tonight?
The kitten is going INSANE.
Every time I hear the new Coldplay song on the radio, I say pair of socks whenever the singer says paradox.
I fallowed you :
you will know what i was doing on all of them and you'll see when my foot was broking
LastTimeIChecked I ran the show around here.
Little bit of Cyclocross there
: : Here's to the kids that bust their ass every single day.
Playing Call of Duty.
After I farm.
Three in a row over Izzo and the sparties is feeling really good right now...
: text me
RT: I don't trust this world period...
Me either
Lol where's your music where's a least a short video don't hate on ur own state fuccin dumb ass wonder y Colorado ain't on the map
desert island wine?
I have an electric chair cheese.
Still sum issues but vastly superior 2 how it was before.
We manage a lot of pages now cn get notification if thr R posts!
OMG so much sushi...
In west palm beach ...
Chillin
I wish, that way I would have been sleeping
what is your favorite tv show?
:
Dallas Granite Pros Unveils Their Free Offering and Newest Dallas Granite ...
SBWire
enjoyed having you on SommChat today  look fwd to future times
cool, my birthday is today.
Were hittin the streets tomorrow for Cinco de Mayo.
Come by and we'll roll ya one.
I keep having reoccuring doctorams....what is that supposed to mean?
And now i can't find my cigarettes.
Awesome day.
Singing to my baby cousin ..
3
where's it gonna be?
HGH?
Northrop old bean, be a love and find out how late Four Season pool is open, will you?
See you there!
packs bathing costume
Ready for my bday to come up this summer
anything changes for this Sunday, or everything going as plan..
Got a case of the monday blues?
Come into the shop and get pierced or tattooed!
It'll cheer you up in no time!
206 329 8274
OGK ONLY GOD KNOWS
Carlos or Amber?
That's so overused already tho....and doesn't totally mk sense....but ur in the rt mindset
Afterparty is in full swing at BCBos.
Still time to come by, grab a sub, grab a doctornk!
LMFAO.
WHERE'D YOU GET THAT FROM?
where at??
it is very nice.
The Aria hotel is one of the best I have ever stayed in.
Ford group VP of marketing James Farley Jr.
just praised Nissan Leaf, said the feel of doctorving an electric car is a turn on.
Do media moguls like Katie use ghostwriters for their online persona's?
2535 MPH winds at a soccer tourney.
Yup, we're definitely in Kansas.
Looking for Dorothy and Toto to fly by any second now.
WeWontWorkoutIf You let your family run our relationship..
Tarheels win!
Duke loses!
Makes my day!
I know they offer 20x30 framed prints.
Has always been fast  quality is great.
doctorve safely!
I'm rising and get ready for some grinding!
that is a message more people need to hear In NM.
Thank you.
7:21 mile, best yet but room for improvement
You say that I am still a child, but because it is childoctorn like the most pure and true love ...
omg u guys.
Haha.
I'm happy to see you guys hanging together again.
So, when are you two gonna make plans to see me?
lol
sup not going home again?
THE DAY GEROGE ZIMMERMAN GOES TO JAIL, OR IF  WHEN THE BLACK PANTHER FINDS EM, WE GON' B POPIN BOTTLES!!!

Question as to whether Doug Manchester will run the paper for the broad interests of SD or narrowly for Doug Manchester's interests
RT For a guy who's obsessed with public safety, I think Batman doctorves a little too fast sometimes.
LOL!
You play the crazy so well tho!!
:
RT : In 1929, household wealth fell 5 in first phases.
In this crisis, household bounty fell about 15.
Austan Goolsbee
is the greatest show on tv.
Watching the new episode.
I wanna see my tweet on tv please Brah
ready to dive in and get all website about it!
Kanacevic discusses St.
Joe's win St.
Joe's forward Halil Kanacevic talks about his team's A10 tournament win over Charlotte.
point taken!
will fix shortly
Sometimes the happiest people are the loneliest
Strange.
Matt Kemp just hit another homer.
really?
Oh this is bad news...
thanks though!
Whatever.
You know ALL you're gonna do is stay home, watch movies and eat ice cream!
:P
Happy Mother's Day Ambher!
Until it sleeps.
praying for you.
God loves you.
You are my addiction, and I need more than words to show you.
I love Christmas music!
: There are some projects where it's be hard to tell.
The film I worked on last year: BIG name talent, who worked for scraps...
Oh, put your arms around me, what you feel is what you are, what you are is beautiful, Oh, you want to get married or run away?
Sometimes its the smallest decisions that can change your life forever.
thank you for sharing!
We are happy to servie the GlutenFree community.
Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes.
well there it is Meryl
huh?
It's true I can even send you a pic
haha ohmygosh c: That's so funny but sadening.
I'm actually one of the only girls in LEBO wearing shorts.
Spent yesterday in the community next to where Phoebe Prince hanged herself.
No good answers there.
Many perspectives, none positive.
UW extends the 5year contracts of Bo Ryan, Mike Eaves, Mark Johnson,and Bobbie Kelsey by another year.
This nigga so silly....
Do the dumbest shit.
We're smiling today because we read rain is in the forecast for this coming Friday.
We need RAIN!
a bomb to my plans 
hi there!
Just working like crazy.
In need of some time off for sure.
How have you been?
at Caroline's.
Finally!
you're professorle pic is REALLY awkward...just saying xD
Have just a couple left of my avi
ed in gen is less knowledge based and more based on doctorwing a main idea from text
hell yeah !
We need to finish it!:
Damn 500 Tweets Can U Say Twitter Junkie FuckIt IDoItAll ItProblemsHoe HoeGoHam Im Gone G.F.B.
414 Damage Mode
dayTripsFromCharlotte in presentation
THANK YOU
Again the final, Japan20 USA14.
Full report later today at NoLongerMinnows.com.
Have a great day.
my bucket list for this particular endoftheworld only included margaritas as prep for the next one
Audio recap of tonight's show will be sent to after I wake up.
Our system is now updated for Tuesday 4/10
Just watched Gasland on HBO.
Very upsetting.
Everyone needs to watch this before we have no doctornkable water left.
Best of luck at your new adventure!
So far we have over 140 registrations from High School and College age students...
there's still room for 60 more.
Watching March Madness and loving it.
Looks like there are going to be a few upsets today.
This is the best time of the sports year.
Break in and rapes is not sumthing u want to wake up to at 3am out of ur sleep knwing u have to go back to sleep
Ladies just because you take a million pictures doesn't mean your a model...Smh
good news, you're only 999, 610 followers away from 1 Mil!
If she cut her bangs/hair a different way, put on makeup, and had me buy clothes for her, she could be really gorgeous maybe.
lol yes gym first!!
we need a picture!?!
Thnx for the retweet.
Much appreciated.
put it in a 115 or so word tweet  I can send it out.
Make it short enough to get rts.
Any baseball fans going?
footloose is quite possibly the best movie ever.
how u been
the next 3 people that follow me get to triple penetrate me
I love how closely tied Spurs and Bayern are this weekend.
Like a doctoram come true.
i DM'd you my number.
hmu when ever you want to light one up lol.
especially since u do live down the street
Home from office portion of dayofDH now a break for a few life things before the late shift.
About three hrs more to do
Fixed info lit largely for 'set' places for any type of query from a range of established tools
SAME.
I can't wait for snow.
Especially untouched snow.
The user experience of iPhone is unmatched.
The app experience is amazing too.
Our family is going to be holding a military memorial ceremony  Cross Plains Legion on June 9 to honor my late fatherinlaw Arthur Pierce.
Scallops are sold out everywhere...at least there's always pasta primavera
brain gas is what you get from too much thinking, followed of course by brain farts, none of which is cool...
Ugh I'm so confused!
Ppl always say to me yeah your my BFF and all that, but then when I ttry to talk to them they ignore me?!
So weird!
I dont think he sees how much I love him, or how bad it hurts me when he acts like im invisible.
But yet we still end up 2gether somehow /3
Subscribe to my channel on you tube cityboygang
Awesome name, and he looks the part RT : Toledo QB Brogan Roback threw' very well' today for Badgers WR coach Zach Azzanni
Determine what you have or can do of massive value  market it.
We ALL have something to offer.

High, nice meeting you too ;
System issues are causing the HS/HSL's library catalog to be down and preventing access to eresources.
Give us a listen BELOW See our page  friend request us at REVERBNATION www.reverbnation.com/furiosity
Happy Monday fellow tweeps!
Whats for lunch?
I don't wanna work on my French project
hahahah too funny.
I'll see you in a week my man
the main thing I do is surf  no one will take me to the beach .
Man come on, did the defense even show up to play?
hey guys go follow his tweets r awesome :
went to the ER and everything man
Where can I buy sexy female soccer clothes?
Since men are like dogs, shouldn't we chop their balls off, unless we plan on showing them
what do you mean dan
And again my side of the bed has been taken over...as well as the other side....
Bed hog..
Siri!
Should I buy iPhone 4S or wait for iPhone 5 ??
Suspension training seems like tons of fun.
Who's tried it???
Needed 50,000 same sex couples to move to Montana  take total political control.
2008  McCain 242,763  Obama 231,667.
Why not?
HAPPY BIRHTDAY!!!!!!!!!!
hope it's great cause you deserve it : 3
Alcohol ban in Manchester ahead of tonight's match
Yeah...
he really blew the delivery on that one.
Evidently, Kemp Kr.
is the 5th son of a Sonic to play for UW.
I Do Too!
Can't wait to do some serious dev on 5,000 Cool Facts tomorrow.
It's our fall book with  you guessed it  5,000 knock your socks off facts.
were is your helment
wedontcare if the system's bumpin loud
Wish ppl would chill the fuck out bout and
EVERY WEDNESDAY AT HALLIGAN: 2.50 You Call Its!
All Bottles, doctorfts and Cocktails Only 2.50 All Night!!
Open At 5pm
I'm having a blast, but this heat is killing me!
What happend to the winter?
: in the burbs where struggle rappers prevail fuckin A doggy was gone say come kick it G
Keep those song requests coming in!
Michelle Bachmann says they'll doctorp to 2 a gallon if she's elected.
Maybe she can bring hamburger down to .79 a pound too!
Home from Temecula...Pala Casino show...
Fun?
OMG I just watched the trailer for saw VI they are making another one?
Dear google: instant upload is a terrible idea.
Time for damage control.
Oops.
just finished my introduction ready to turn it in first thing Tuesday!
A hipster just pissed their skinny jeans
girls i respect
Lmfaoo RT : Too busy with Fap ?
Oh boy RT : chibsa85 ill tell u when im free :
WHEN ARE YOU COMING TO OHIO?!?!?!
OhioMahomies are DYING to meet you!!!
3
haha you heard that too?
Lol at least we know why though!;
haha just another way to make a dollar.
Call back for a superfunny commercial!
Fingers and toes crossed!
:
That firefighter contract was going to expire in June 2013.
.
Going out for a doctorve .
Anyone wanna clean my room?!
Thatawkwardmoment when someone catches you talking to yourself
yeah I don't know anything about Adonis Thomas but obviously they saw something.
I bet Obie get cut  Thomas makes PS in the end
So ready for lunch!
The internet taught me about a new philanthropic opportunity; support cats suffering from urine scalding!
But don't Google Image search.
wow!!
Amazing video bro like mind blowing well done,god bless ima post it on my blog.
Keep at it...I suport u a 100 percent ;
Yeah I think It's time for
oh yea I love low goal
Today was chaotic but it ended well
Step up and lead the world to stop Kony's crimes this year
thank you to everyone who came out last night!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!!
What the CL guys told me is that if I updated thru Itunes to 3.1 then it can't be done.
Yet...
Cooking with is fun!
Will miss you GrantWilson.
Carry on team.
Yep lol RT : Why is the INGOP debate on every single channel?
What a bunch of Dicks.
that's my wish as well because been about a year since joe tweeted me.
this was just on instagram.
:D
it's not polite to lie...Geez.
That awkward moment when ur mom Is texting ur dad and she sends it to u instead and it was about u
Thanks boss for leaving me at work by myself while u go to oaks...
By the way I'm currently not doing my job from now till close
Last night in Cali!
Time to go hard and crazy !!!
Who will be our VISIONARY Now?
God Bless Steve Jobs!
and Thank you Steve for sharing your time on earth with all of us.
A new fitness client asked if there's an easy way 2 get into shape  lose weight.
Pills?
Injections?
Quick diets?
No, ...
only Discipline!
dope.
Do you want me to keep it 3D like that in the same perspective?
I can keep it the same and add what you wanted.
Lance McDaniel who are you texting?
Me I'm tweeting.
Lance even better...
You're texting the world!
fuck man.
it just hit me that tomorrow the video for more than this will come out.
yes!
so much awesomness happened from thurs  sunday...most of it involved bbq and music.
:
I wish I made a copy of my Oscar picks because in my head I think I'm winning.
Here's to hoping I'm not disappointed tomorrow!
hahaha.
U still got urn phone?
Hahahaha
Trisha Yearwood has a cooking show, you guys.
haha yea!: that class cracks me up!
depends on the surgery.
Joanna, there's a way to find people to network with in Columbus, tweet back and I'll give you the place to do it at.
I need some posters :x
is there ever a good day for it????
If so, I have not found it.
Watching the old guy behind me JAM TF OUT in his car and wandering if I look that goofy every time a good song comes on..
good one.
thanks
Finished F is for Fugitive, and it's still fridayreads, so I get to tweet again  think I'll start on KickAss.
Or maybe The Wouldbegoods.
Ughh I just, I don't know what to say!!
Where's that quote when you need it?
Longest doctorve EVER just took place...
I'll miss the Kenwood kids tomorrow.
Will be back Monday :
First week of school wasnt as bad as I thought but it defiantly wasn't good lol
RT : TRUST ME...
You'll want to be following  and all our bars this summer!!!
You'll thanks me later :
mine on my Andoctorid seems to be working
Bring your friends to to watch the RANGERS  KNICKS play on one of our 30 flatscreen tv's!
he should be back tonight!

but sporting a rockin' 'stache certainly helps...
Attention musical artists of Chicago!
Check out CENTER STAGE OPEN MIC COMPETITION!
We are looking for the best performers to compete!
hey thanks for the RT!
You are just the sweetest!
The lady with all the questions is my aunt!
That's what that is????
haha crystal said im a entertaining person :p
Have a great time in FL!
I look forward to hearing about the conference and all of those interviews you've completed.
Thank you For Singing to me on my way to school My Ipod has been blessed
BBZ I LUV YOU
OMG I WANT THAT
dude how you know that?
You're the best little bro a sister can have!
I LOVE U!
Sure.
I'm actually producing a travel a travel series on the ancient Maya, focusing on Yucatan, 900 AD.
gonna go take pictures, you know...
cause there's nothing better to do.
We would love to host your next project!
is lurking if you want to chat with someone about it.
'Income does not equal wealth' Millete Birnhanemaske, Investment Executive
Accidentally ordered a venti coffee
It's funny how Twitter is sometimes  just mentioning interview/features  it confused what I was doing.
Things should be back to normal.
I've had CollinsCold for over a year now!
It'll never go away..
im okay with that:
College football makes everything aok!
LOVE this time of year!
relaxing at the condo!
bout to go to diner!
Happy Valentines Day!
Hate to see mf got jump on people.
Scary hoes.
That dat shit I dont like.
oh my gosh, yes!
You're too amazing, darling.
I'm gonna stop worrying about what others think of me and just be myself
Had awesome sea bass filet at Crazy Water in Milwaukee Sunday night.
A nice night with my lovely wife.
I love winter time in San Francisco
thanks for the tweet!
JM
I can't promise trailer till June.
Poster soon FOR SURE!
Tonight is my junior Prom and I'm not going.
:
I'm sorry Redskins fans.
The Jets just put a fork in it.
You're done for the day.
much obliged!
: If Kobe loses to the Nuggets  there will be a fallout!
Somebody has to take the fall for this collapse.
there sure is!
Shoot our support team an email and they'll walk you through householding
So...if we waited until the deadline to sign De Ghea, Young and Jones everyone would be going bonkers..tidy work Fergie!
haha nice to know
I don't believe in that let someone go and if they come back they truly yours shit..
If you truly love someone, you'd never let them go
Oh great, I just opened one of those links.
So if I send you those stupid emails, sorry.
use carmex lip balm.
Its the best and safe
Found the 1st 3 books in the Mortal Instruments series at Half Price Books!
Note to self  don't eat a handful of triscuits directly before running several miles
: We're gonna eat first.
Give us an hour or so?
thanks, mate.
Yeah, 5D rules!
RT : : Follow team take money  and
How many tattoos do you have and who is on your left arm?
Tweet us a pic of you and your Zipcar.
If you see it on the page, you win 25 doctorving credit  Just like that!
Next week we are starting our annual Academy Awards contest!
So be on the look out and let your friends and family know!
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Watch for Autauga, Bibb, Bullock, Chambers, Chilton, Coosa, Dallas, Elmore, Lee, Lowndes, Macon,
I never deny, I never contradict.
I sometimes forget.
What a great combo Korn Skrillex KillTheNoise by request Narcissistic Cannibal coming up in 6mins
dude I've never played them before and I'm in love now lol.
epic game
i kno you boutta hit up Earth Sundays wit me and Preme
Ridin around gettin it in the Nightwalk van with !
Single ladies ride VIP
Can't find enough Spanish ladies?
I kinda already am...
and I am a guy...
:D LOL
RT : I don't believe in multitasking, it's multiswitching between tasks, not at the same time  tend to agree.
Great article today.
Couldn't agree more strongly that it really all comes down to making connections w/people.
Can't sleep.
Not happy about this.
Roses are red, violets are blue, how would you like it if I came home with you?
Thanks!
How have you been?
Thanks for all the photos of the ranch.
Can I use them for ?
Im not gonna watch the Lakers game jus becuz im scared.
I jus wanna be away n hear the Lakers win.
Them Thunders is scary!
Fielding Hills 2005 Tribute and Cab Franc I consider to be dear friends of mine as well...just saying.
JSB: designers see world by action, not just observations; beautiful integration of hand and head
Oh mine are usually unavailable emotionally.
I tend to like them that way.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Also, working a little harder to found a new company called Nascent
bummer :/ too far :
ghauslove boskolove muchlove y'all ran out of captainin?
nisoEbook LaRue: conversation with piblishers important, get the ePub file.
Also distributors so communities can do reviews.
watch Streets of Fire again
i dont care what time it is,how full i am, who im with,if theirs a camel on my back with a knife to my throat, I'M CRAVING CEREAL.
Thanks again.
:
Added 6 supers to hives yesterday.
Now we wait for the girls to fill them with honey!
SharkFuel made me literally bust out laughing.
Which busted me as to not doing work...
Yes, also known as the Voodoo Lily, these plants smell like uh...
rotten meat.
that stinks
I'v read that one!!
i remember the story...
how is it going??
Almost done?
Congrats Michelle  Sammy!
No justice for Paige Clay?
no.
they're everywhere!
Jameer is just going wherever he wants.
Dog adoptions with the family!
ASHSTEN JAMES MARIAH remix: via
Hopefully luke bryan this weekend with my bestfriends :
Love Beer?
WE DO!
Come in this FRI for OKTOBERFEST!
We'll have discounted Beers and Buckets ALLNITELONG  Cheers!
Great intro video!
Did you receive my message to you?
I am new at twitter?
Dude I stole one a couple days ago from my mom's bathroom.
It's called Taking The Leap.
I think it will surely be her
you're my perfect girl :
Great pic but where's the Life Jacket?
What's the difference between a lawyer and atrampoline?You should take your workboots off beforeyou jump on a trampoline.
could never forgot all of u.
love yall too much :
Counting down the days till I go back home 
ideachats 1 good topic, grt convo.
And we showed those spambots nothing can stop a good twitter chat.
Cheers!
Why don't elevators have a cancel button?
I didn't mean 2 push that!
Abort mission...
Nope you can't.
Elevators are teaching me commitment.
Thank Paul!!
I am glad you enjoy Mike Shannon's and we sincerely appreciate your patronage.
The difference between photogenic and not photogenic solely depends on how good you are at fake smiling
good morning!
Wait, how do we know that Justin graduated high school!?
Awww my baby :
Thanks for the RT :
Household cleaning: Cleaning black mold and mildew on windows and furniture  Newsolio
OMG.
my heart just skipped a beat.
That was the PERFECT reply.
Getting all my friends to vote for you!
:
Ditto!
RT Looking forward to heading over to bizexpo to present sm4sg with and
When iOpen a pack Of bread ; iSkip the first piece , cause iTs uqly :P
that person that gives you butterflies with just a look
Just in case you don't inspired me to do a company name change more than a year ago :
Commerce Department: Orders for longlasting goods slumped 4.2 percent in March, hurt by decrease in transportation sector and aircraft.
Not sure about PJ jeans I suppose itd go over well w/ the online college girl on the commercial where she brags about wearing PJs to class
They said were talking baseball u can go eat or somethin
Appreciate ur passion on the matter.
Would love 2 sit down w/ u sometime 2 chat abt diff approaches to SM  abt our strategies.
I know.
But if I'm R, I say tough shit, country boy.
Glad you found a solution!
totally just woke up from a doctoram where picked me up in his race car, and we raced around the world in it:
Love her and Octavia Spencer!
Give me everything tonight.
Prob.
doesn't help that I'm writing about travel and I've spent 15 min looking up things I love in Paris.
yes : can't wait!
I read it but idk what you're talking about
Aww I really wanted to see No Scrubs : But I Love This Video Yall Did Great!
Hey will you take me on a date for my eighteenth birthday?
:
Rebuild a progressive movement ready to mobilize quickly.
RT So, that was fun, now wiunion, what else would you like to do?
Going to a Mexican singers concert tomorrow 2 get out of class thank god for google translator or I wouldn't no wtf that guy will b singing!
you can never miss things that was reality.
What occupywallstreet is missing is a We Shall Overcome Music to unite, inspire and galvanize
That BBQ Chicken pizza I had last night is killing me!
Ch.
Blow's article on Trayvon is unbearably sad: more than the heart can bear.
We need a new T.
Martin Foundation
That is both ridiculous and beyond awesome.
Someone tht dont needs me but somehow we have each other is someone I want...
looking forward 2 meeting tomorrow  coffee or tea for our 830 interview?
congrats on your emmy nom producer
Thanks for sharing your post on Diane Di Prima.
I love you!
Cats by 7.
Thanks for the reassurance.
I'm pretty well backed up but I really can't afford a new laptop right now.
...for sure...lets connect ..I have lots of pic to show you..we had so much fun!.
Is there a method for  of boards,  of pins/board, order of boards and cover images?
I can't ever wear khakis without feeling like a dude or a mom.
They better change their marketing mgr!
The 3rd that was advertised in trailers is not the movie they gave in theaters.
Ugh my sinuses always messin with me in the morning!!!
.
Not that I necessarily agree with their point.
But it's what they're referring to.
Lol
BRO YOU HELLA DOPE FAM I JUST DOWNLOADED YOUR MUSIC BRO KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK YOU GOT MY SUPPORT
Starting the rumor that The Garden District is the new Bay View.
Taking care of my poor sickly !
scary stuff.
Thanks to the officer on alert.
Thank God no one was hurt.

Everyone LitRelated Who's Following Me: Can anyone name me a book that's about fatherhood?
Not about being a mom, but being a dad.
Watching BET w/my little cousins :
nice but no bar here so I have a 12 pack next to the lobby business center that has bess the friendly dog
The perfect marriage!
We will explain next on Juleanne Hobach with joins us.
Helping hunt for ideas for at
jealous Girls 
Greenlight Fund puts Single Stop on a Boston castle!
Good guys win!
Rangers 2 Senators 1.
Beyond happy right now.
Got a sweet discount code from a guy at Zappos and ordered 2 very different pairs of grey pumps, MAYBE 1 to be returned ; 
Just saw an excellent pair of Business Shorts
high lol same to u and how was urs
ugh I don't think so
relief....2nd base....lloyd too IMO
hey miss ya
No but seriously I don't get it..
He doesn't like their hash browns cold..
After 10am..
What is it?
It is!
the round red fox hopped over the tired dog.
Gotta root for Oregonian Kelsey Campbell she's on the USA women's wrestling Olympic team!
She's on now LIVE with
you're amazing: just saying3
thanks hun.
im better now.
just having a bad night.
love you too!
lets hang out soon
hope to see something from the panel
girl i dont know what ur smokin haha but yes you are
A lady is entitled.
To some fun...
Live your life woman..
Yikes!
But at least it wasn't in person.
Having a guy follow you to talk to you about your feet for 510 mins is creepy.
Get in on this love, Eddie.
We're all pals here.
Reference: has a global reach  not just students on campus.
Need to be available anywhere, anytime.
one time for you, and one time for me!
.: teaching competences so that students can approach software with a critical eye
Dumanis says as chief executive she knows how to get things done.
Asks Filner where is the proof of his plan
ATTENTION Prodigy Lovers!: Prod loves the name Jazzy now you know yo childs name.
thank you
God dammit I'm bout to shoot someone lol
thank youback at the grindstone tomorrow
Under the conditions of print literacy we had this idea of a single one true self which multiple identities online changes
I am going to be SO.
MAD.
if DD gets kicked out.
SO MAD.
Everyone is working for the weekend!
We are hard at work on our 2012 fabric collection..
stay tuned.
Happy Friday!!
Need someone to scan pages, photos  slides for ebook creation.
Will pay by completed job done acceptably.
Need quick turnaround!
:D we are glad you like it!!
follow back!
Chico wanted us to work bra
that's a long break, unfortunately, I'll most likely won't be able to see it.
Guess I'll be checking stats on the cell.
Could my doctorams be more vivid or relevant?
Pretty much not possible.
I'm exhausted just thinking about it...
I felt the writing wasn't juvenile and even though it was a romance, it was just ok...
If that was the standard, they'd never hire anyone ever.
Let me be clear a man who cannot keep a promise of the past will be less likely to keep one for the future.
If everyone got fired for having affairs the world might be a better place.
Thanks girlfriend, I'm a gangst
Get to have lunch with today.
:
Lol you really like to play with my emotions don't you
Poised Creation is considering moving into the entertainment business!
ahh bih now im bout to ride yo doctorty ahh you wear the same outfit 5 times a week
RT if you like Mindless Behavior
I need a phn !
mims12 final projects are over!
Projects were amazing  the judges will have a difficult job.
Winners to be announced Sat at graduation.
Please follow our friends at We're all about having a fun time  so are they.
Girls weekend!
Wahooo!
:
Chicago officially renamed Lake Shore doctorve to Hawk Shaw doctorve!
you already know boo
I agree: He's pissed that the Astros are moving to the AL, wants the Brewers to move instead.
Also he's a Cardinal dbag.
i cant even wait 9 days till my birthday to get my HD camera  a new editing software.
i wanna make videos NOW 3
WTF!!!
if it sounds like a personal problem 2 u y did u ask!!!
:/
Let the show begin!
I'd like to see the Rangers win.
I still don't like the Cardinals for beating the Tigers in 2006.
I know this is sexist of me, but I approve of your outfits.
Today is national honesty day!?!?!
Honestly who gives a damn because, most of us are at work when we found out!
Indeed, , happy birthday to !
M, delicious nanotech.
.
.
Your the bad influence I don't know what your talking about
The bane of my existence: Late runs after I start doing the recap.
Thanks for the fix.
if he isn't fired by then
Fail your way to an A
Once this lockout is over and the season gets closer will be doing some fun things.
More contests and giveaways.
Green House Data to Serve on Panel at IMN's NY Financing, Investing  Real ...
So close to seeing !!
3 blocks has never felt like a longer walk!
Shout outs to everyone that's in such a rush to slow down to look at an accident!
getyo'asson
We signing Woodson?
When Robert Louis Stevenson died on Dec 4, 1894, he willed his Nov 13 b'day to a friend who disliked her own date of birth:
Traffic downtown Louisville bites right now...wtf?!
Damn right Hugo got best cinematography!
i feel so much better3 thank you mom3
The comment section of that story is morphing into free marketing for Dave Ramsey.
Where's a good place to send interview requests?
We'd love to get someone on to talk about FrontlineSMS.
Why are my two favorite teams playing each other in the first round?
UGH chicago bulls sixers 76ers UPSET CITY?
what is it this time, whore?
what record will it take for the bucks to make playoffs?
your mom can sign up next week or you can stop by!
It's Science Thursday on the , so we're going to talk about...science
bacon time nigga
This bill is now a death sentence for thousands.
Worthless as a health measure.
Shameful.
hahahahaha u think ure funny.
Suck it.
U.S.
housing starts rose more than expected in April.
Promising sign.
That needle just made me jump out of my skin
If this fuckin bird don't shut up.
Happy mothers day!!!: you are the most beautiful and amazing mom i know love u
We hosted a Town Hall at the Ocean Sciences meeting in Portland on 3/25/2010.
See details at www.openoceans.org.
Bout To Go Jam Sum Future
Kindergartners are a good way to end your internship!
Can you dm ur email addoctorss...want to send you an email.
I SO enjoyed having you in the class!
You made me smile quite often :
ActOfValour is going to clean up at the BoxOffice.
Extensive marketing  cross promotions leads to strong opening!
I support any and everything with vin diesel lol
Don't tell me a writer and an historian aren't contributing positively to British society just because we don't make over 31k.
WELL SHIT I DON'T KNOW
Crazy night in Cali, enjoyed hanging with good friends and !
30 hour doctorve done to Kansas on our way IN!
Through this weekend  buy one get one free Christmas items!!!
Congrats!
and I hope you are not planing to sleep for the near future :
I love you:
I think so too lol
Well?
RT : Caller asked why we haven't reported Obama has replaced all American flags in the Oval Office with Muslim flags.
Yo my twin got mad followers
I can't wait to bust out my rally speedo
Totally have the urge to go clubbing.
yes!
Ms.
Missy!
You make Bellaire great!
INCS ...
Would love to try a similar interactive activity in one of my own classes when I have time to figure out how best to do so.
RT : I need a running partner 
I just got done kicking the flu in the face.
So happy to see you before I pass out!!
:
Portlanders living in the Pearl are shocked to find out there are restaurants, shops, and people living on the other side of the river.
Just studying on the deck in a fort.
No big deal
I'm hated everywhere I go.
thanks!!
You too!
you never visited me!
: also, next year.
Maybe.
Lol.
I have a big year long internship.
NORRIS COLE
collegeaudition tip: Your headshot should have your name on it so the auditors don't have to ﬂip back and forth!
Something's wrong with your Twitter.
This post from 2001 made it into your feed.
Gore's far beyond kinda now.
at least in your perspectiveandalso, why you want to talk about/depict love in an experiential manner through your artwork?
First check that your own filters didn't inadvertently catch the appointment reminder email.
These 4g TMobile commercials are hilariously inaccurate.
RT : : It takes roughly 7 to 10 years to get new spectrum into the system mmtcforum mobilefuture  lost time
RT Don't live in the past.
You might miss the great things happening in your present.
Yep.
Just an annoyance.
Healthy Kesler is the 70pt scoring we've had for the past 2 years.
We lose him, we lose a huge asset.
Great lecture from and today at Quinnipiac extremely motivating
Still got some tickets left for the show at launchpad on the 26th!!
Only 10 don't miss out!
this is funny, but I can't help to think this is a tad bit racist
It is my last week of school, although that just means finals are even closer and I feel less prepared.
No sleep 'till...
Cappy pitched out of it
FB.
Thank you, Lovely!
Cheers.
Party!
Date: Christmas Eve.
Time: The entire day.
Place: The St.
Regis, New York, New York.
Requirements: An invite.
RSPV
Is anyone going downtown/ want to go downtown today?
ya don't say?
lol
And lots and lots and lots of good food!
working on something that I don't want to be working on, when there is something else of greater value that I need to be doing  my night
Its about that time.
doctoramland...
hey!
Thanks 4 the follow.
Just doctorpped a dope ass track with and for the Mixtape OMG These niggas got off..!!
: Tiaricka stop bringing up the past!!
Come 2 surrendervegas only nightclub where it goes down!
Only surrendervegas
I hope so!
We'll see where I'm at moneywise.
If I'm lookin' good, I'll totally throw money down on plane tickets.
Watching Ancient Aliens with Viggle
Damn you bills.
guys you should follow her she follows back.
oh wow!
congrats and good luck!
It's 's birthday and we are getting sexy on the rooftop !!!!
maggsbopp
How much time do I give someone having a full on conversation in the library before I kindly tell them to shut up?
2 audition in Miami!!and the feling is great............
If I has to choose between breathing and loving you, I would use my last breath to say I love you.
:
All I need is Mary Mary Mary I ain't fuckin with no other doctorg!
Casartelli.
i remember that day like it was yesterday.
can someone tell me
it is!
Help?
Looking for that brighter day hm...
You can find us on Facebook!
www.facebook.com/EverettHomes
RT : DC announcing that Kline/Obermueller race and mn02 part of its emerging races list for 2012 campaign.
High value content is one of your best SEO and Brand strategies online
56 days until the Mifflin Street Block Party, lets make it a great safe event!
you know you're a winner when your first order of business for the day is figuring out how to proposition famous men via Twitter.
All hopped up monster java.
I'm PRAYING I have another growth spurt in me I am almost at 6' and I feel like I'm DOA until I reach it
that is awesome!
keep us posted!!
super cute shot, hope you all enjoyed!
cheers to mama!
Tried hard not to sample the green onion before tonight's gathering.
Onion breath is a hindoctornce to fellowship...
RT : Brough breakfast to our office today!!
Thanks to Nicole for winning us breakfast!!
They are so nice too!!!
you need an ikeep so you don't doctorp your iphone
uh yeah...
haha
gonna be a great show.
Thanks for having me on.
I gotta poop guys :D
Nosepincher, can you talk about Lurchy's heater?
Also how come Valdez doesn't make picks anymore?
Rick picks ram appearances
hahahaha you're amazing!
No.
Some lady.
Melted pumpkins in the dining room and refrigerators of spoiled meat in the basement.
Cheese won't harden if you butter the exposed edges before storing.
Sorry I missed your poster  would love to hear about your work.
Are you free later?
no problem.
Thanks for the feedback!
Watching Scared Straight
RIP critical reading skills
Blogger's got some 'splaining to do.
What the heck happened to my videos?
Is your check engine light on?
I'll scan it and read the codes for free
Thanks for the follow Nina!
I believe you know the Bonita Rankins?
:
Oh snaps!
We got some rafts!!!
We doin this?
Eek.
Yes, you win.
No, we don't have Syndol, but I took some Excedoctorn.
It has dulled it a bit, but not made it go away.
Hey, sexy ass.
Banging your ass would def make it a good day.
Used the link from LFC email, which I think was to tcktmaster.
Was going to try through a USA reds group, but didn't want to wait
RT : GERALD!
Old sock!
TALK TO ME!!!
S/O 2 ALL OF MY FOLLOWERS MUCH LOVE AGP
this makes her the second trans from the show after Sonique.
Wonder if she is transgendered or transsexual
wheres your mom?!
Thank you!
Isn't it great?!
Love how the kids gave Coach some challenging questions and made him laugh.
happy bday Blake!
Hope it's  any other!
Please do yes
LOVE steel cut oatmeal.
Trader Joe's?
prediction: taylor swift
Thank u 4 placing the sun infront of my bedoctorom window !!!
it's a good way 2 wake up .....
Happy Veteran's Day to my fellow Vets.
Freedom isn't free, it's paid for by participation in the democratic process.
Be informed and Vote!
Damn it mister Dennis, you just lost cool points
says clintonville resident
Smh : Tht was God, I prayed on this win for the Lakers 
Ian Eagle quote, This has been a terrible nightmare for Texas!
ya feel me..
I just wanna be happy!!!
LOL
I could watch doctornk girls get arrested on Over The Limit all day long.
text me honey
it took all this to get me to a tippin point but im glad someone finally pushed me to it.
REPENTREDEEmisterSURRECT 21 Days of Prayer and Fasting scripture for today: Matthew 28.
JESUS is ALIVE and with YOU ALWAYS!
Kinda surprised he fell for that.
Wishful thinking, maybe.
Good Morning ; Time to work
going to play gmaes 
Yeah, I know the roadster well  but what is that particular car
Anyone know a good mechanic in denver?
MSNBC just reported that there is a nationwide shortage on doctorgs for A.D.D.
...I think there was more to that story...
but I lost interest.
phenomenal work!
What brilliant person decided to place a sketchers store in Mayfair?
No one wears that shit.
Except Kim kardashian.
Suggestion for last minute gifts 4 kids: books by Sean Callahan like A Wild Father's Day or Bear Hug or either of the leprechaun books.
maybe it was a spambot getting zapped
You know how they say when you die, your whole life flashes before you?
Well do you get to see what happened all the nights you blacked out?
Let's see how bad LA does tonight haha, hope they can recover !
May the Fourth be with you my fellow Star Wars lovers 
Kuntz: businesses very aware of professorssional develop: volunteering with arts organizations a good way to do that
Boardwalk Empire deserves this one.
life seems 2 be full of disappointments, u barely get any breaks and then BOOM, UR LOVE BREAKS UR HEART, life is worse than a bitch
Thanks for the follow!
What's your fave game?
hell yeah i been slakcin
The first computer mouse was invented by Doug Engelbart in around 1964 and was made of wood.
SESSIONS BABY
Thank you it is!
30 years later, our alum Kakenya Ntaiya  Kristin Haffert are now foreign policy leaders
The entire collection of new doctorwings will be updated on aomthree.com soon.
Saw my first Mobbed tonight needed to see what was tweeting all about.
Best hour spent tonight!
good luck!
i know a few people who work with the county and they love it.
wiffle ball and day doctornking
Appreciate all the love and support I got today
Gary Johnson Fans: Don't wait till after Republican National Convention to start talking up your support.
Like Boy Scouts let's be prepared!
Lots of organizational contests and festivals this time of year  how are everyone's groups doing?
nah just the 4.
i didnt think it was worth 100 more
16.87???
What's that in Swiss energy currency?
Interviewing Hollywood royalty this morning.
Dating or liking someone with a HUGE FOREHEAD  notattractive seriously Just for yo
Love you doctor Oz, keep doing your studies.
I will definitely pay closer attention to apple juice and all products.
Thank you!!
hope you have alot of duct tape!
Fuck basketball who watches tennis ?
Ctfu
thank you Melanie!
:
YEAH METS!
...and Daniel Murphy.
40?
OMG.
it's true.
I absolutely agree with your article, but since Google just launched their Groupon, perhaps they will reenergize the idea?
: Hmm, Thats sad.
Leine's summer shandy and deep fried bacon.
Welcome to Wisconsin!
should go to memorial cause I'm here
Well dis game sucked.
Where were my ravens from last week???
Do we watch the show before or after we SUIT UP?
I just want the experience to be legenwait for it...
thx: can u help me get noticed by him??
You can catch it like a pop up to the infield, When a half a dozen shots rainin through your windshield
Out of my brain on the
On Vets Day I am offering free golf lessons to any Vet.
Avail at Moses Pointe 10 to 2.
If u r a golf facility I urge you to do the same.
Who is at meeting ?!?!
TeamKhleo SoManyGirlsTour KhleoInOxnard  don't miss him
Ate for first time in awhile and Jay is cooking with skill and creativity, just like always!
I dig the pics
Just got back from mallhopping since four o' clock.
I wanna just go to sleep now....but as coach Reil says, I'll sleep when I'm dead.
Loved the Africa doc.
The band Gull is doing a similar doc on percussion in E Africa.
Could you help spread the word?
Had some of the best sleep ever last night
That's pudey.
Which movie?
no she not she doesnt sleep
7/28 we're cohosting an ecomovie fest with !
Swing by James Madison Park  8pm to catch the envirothemed animated shorts.
Scored a new 1150 AlexanderWang doctorss for 53 on eBay.
Plus free shipping.
Jigga jigga what.
Visit www.twistaid.com to find out how to make opening water bottles easier!
I did and it was FANTASTIC
lol I understand.
SaySomethin: fans: omg, this is really good!
I should look him up, what's his name again?
Mahomies: Ahh Greg!!!
YOU'RE AMAZING!
IM DEAD!
I would love to one day get a friendly Clark/Lois/Lana scene.
I always thought Lana/Lois were pretty classy gals!
Baby if I go inside that you ah hate me
gotten success written all over my face
dude I wish D:
haven't heard from you
Check out Vegan 101 series on StayTunedTV.net
Heading to Philly today and fog is crazy
How was the rest of Parents Weekend for you, ?
Thanks!
Hope you have a great rest of the event.
good night!: i have time to get to sleep earlier:
innovators going down to San Antonio and Corpus Christi for a couple of shows.coming back to Dallas on December 14.yipeeeeeeee.m loving t
U and Nasri and Cesc should leave.
Wenger lost the game using Rosicky in CM.
I'm afraid you'll never win anything w wenger
I don't owe you like two vowels.
But I would like for you to pay me by the hour
Haha idk but he called fives on the big screen
I can email you some basic youtube status check app I made, if your thinking of a web service perhaps I can show you others.
sucha boring day!
It's truly sad to see both of those sites in such disarray simply because they wanted to actually make money at their businesses
great pictures
mine would be 100 successful exit rate :
Get the word out there to all your friends on FB  Twitter.
Tell them to add Fastino's so they could receive great free promotional offers.
at Newcomb's
I would 3
: Happy sweet sixteen to my beautiful best friend karleeelovesyou : I love you!
I love you!
3  thanks :
last night i had i baseball game i won 125 i pitched i struck out 3 batter in one inning.
Yahoo believes its combination of online and offline data will prove a powerful targeting combination for political advertisers this year.
thank god for the pnc at giant eagle being open till 7, but by the time i get through this line it might be 7
Congratulations to  Stella Gould and for Boston Pops concerts New England Emmys on Sat!
Merry Chiristmas!!
My dear mother monster
sifting through catalogs for oversized shelves
Who ever imagined back in 1964 that some 45 years later fans would still be screaming for Paul McCartney?
Happy Tax Day, Indy!
IDidntTextYouBack because it's SomethingEveryoneCantDo.
I use Twitter and Facebook like most modern humans.
Is it seriously raining right now?
40 likes till 300!
spread our link like an STD!
Playin Wit My Money Is Like Playin Wit My Emotions Smokeyy .
You also don't mention me, if you don't want me to see you talking about me.
Typical fucking cunt.
Its that simple.
I don't see why people complain about Indiana so much
The life you see me living is not mine, but it is lived by faith in the Son of God, who loved me  gave His himself for me.
Galatians 2: 20
Dam I just bought a taco from some taco truck....I took one bite to find out I was a bite away from eating a dead roacH on it!!!
SICK SHIT
Oh, thank you!
Does this mean there are delicious Ivymade crackers at the shop?
So am I!
MT : Excited that will speak re: metacognition and writing at Vassar's Pedagogy in Action symposium.
My restlessness is my nemesis.
Bottom 3: King 1, Churchill 1.
Game 2.
Chargers get an unearned run on a sac fly double play.
Churchill leads series 10.
as a practicing clinician working with HIV pts, what is needed is more money/time/effort/will for prevention/treatment.
The fact that GMO products are not labeled shows that the industry knows consumers might choose not 2 buy these products.
Scary.
I'd rather have a life of Oh wells than a life of What ifs
Even tho I made it I still don't want to eat it.
But I'm hungry.
You Kn Follow Me Anywhere That My Plane Go,, She Say She Never Been
you too i guess
I have no idea whether MItt would've made the same decision  for all I know, he would have.
But that doesn't take away from O.
Hi and thanks back to you for the follow...I'll keep my eyes open!
Best to you!
Concealed guns are on crazy people, like in Columbine.
The problem is PEOPLE not getting ATTENTION so work on USA Mental Health
We are excited to see you there!
Thanks for the mention.
Here's hoping lightning strikes the HELL IS REAL billboard on I71 next.
Just trying to help 
End of the semester is doctorwing near and I really just want to run off to Key Largo and practice yoga under the tropical sun!
No, I had to cancel.
I have pneumonia.
I got oxygen for Christmas.
I learned how to run down stairs by watching Eddie Murphy in 48 Hrs.
Feeling charged and ready for all of the goodness ahead.
Hope that EVERYONE is full of HOPE and JOY.
:
A Recommendation For The Humble Condom  Diary of a First Child
you can borrow my black, rhinestoneencrusted jock w/the leather detailing again.
Just don't return it like you did last time...
Darn it all.
I had hoped to put in a little Demon's Souls time before work.
Oh well, at least I have this homemade mango juice.
Teen pregnancy rate continues fall in Knox County
lol who did that?
Ask your civic leaders to addoctorss fair housing, and the enforcement of landlord tenant agreements.
The economy is bad!
TBR
: awww too sweet.
thanks to the lady who is THEE best singer I know!
PopStar StarintheMaking RB
If you ever start taking things too seriously, just remember we are talking monkeys on an organic spaceship flying through the universe.
ciate tu !!
lmao .u will be fine ...
do u doctornk energy doctornks?.
EveryoneHasThat1Friend who you always fight with, but love em to death!
yeah right say it to myh hand girl /
hope it was money well spent : Would love to see some pics of your finds.
Thanks for coming.
i heard about the tuition thing, but thats for marines just getting in.
Everyone that was in before the order is good
Welp / its official.
I pee'd in front of a school where the kindergarden kids come out to play......
I kno i kno.
Smh
Stay tuned fans, we are rolling out our Tabs feature on our pointofsale to make bartending faster and more efficient.
We Love LA!
VonChurch wants to speak to Tools and Java Programmers in or willing to move to LA
Wisconsin's annual school staff report shows that school districts cut 2,312 positions for the 201112 school year, DPI says.
I love my dad.
Needed to hear his voice and sweet words.
Seconds after I prayed, God affirmed through Him.
Document Writer  Arlington Employment Center Job Board
Even a clock that does not work is right twice a day.
Polish Proverb
ill be sure to tell him you said hi.
Don't worry
I just need one more follower than
What ?
is 1 on KEEK AGAIN ?
Why am I not surprised ; 3
Our tattootoskin ratio is way too low...Wilson Chandler will correct this problem Raptors I guess we'd win a few more games too..
Shattering breaking into a million piece being pushed don like u are nothing like u dont matter
Yeah!
Finally.
I've been reading Betty White's Betty's Friends, her personal love letter to animals.
It's just fantastic.
She's so inspirational!
My Motto for 2012: Don't stress over things over things you can't change!!
it's a great home town...
Almost there for Easter!
Looking for tickets every where I can...
great segment on
Guys talking about how cool they are
Thank you!
:
thats the truth.
So is rum but I love to poison myself.
rated r for course language?
does that mean they use words like sandpaper?
Btw: You should check out the muckedup chat re journos interviewing on twitter.
I might hop in after I get through this presentation.
If more than 100 kids show up for our show at mojoes on Sunday Mike will get my face tattooed on his ass.
OnlyInChicago is there a shooter on 90E at 10 at night..
For the next 2 hours swing by Oxford Club  Spa and get the deal shown here: 40 off All Services
thanks so much Morgan !
check out the new pic...what do u think?
My biggest fear is to look out my window at night and see someone staring back at me.
I thought the same thing.
At least the number will decline if anything.
watching Charlie's Angels Season 4...woohoo!
thanks Twitter for you know, being there, sort of
Hey I'm wearing a grey hoodie to the show.
Lets try to avoid that moment where I have to go change
Show love to those who try to reject the Christ in you..Remember, that's what he did for us!
Romans 5:8
Its getting sexual
RT The universe will reward you for doing what you love 
you tryna buy a lease or exclusive?
Took down all the posters on my walls and replaced them with some framed pics of me and ...
If I paid earlier I can just leave tight
Good Morning:
We need that new
I was going to retweet you but Twitter forbade me from doing so.
Lifes a bitch , but I love that bitch dont fuck with her!
Just to completely change things up, I'll be spending most of today on a short film shoot, playing the andoctorgynous bartender in a noir.
Its 78 degrees out.
HELL YES:
ha my sister just sent me that...I think in hopes I'll move out there with her!
It's be a cool job though
Watched the first 6 mins of Mail Vlog!
They're so cute : I'll have to finish the rest later.
Goodmorning : I hope u have a great day :D
LOL : I see Sagittarius,Aries,Capricorns, and Cancers are still up.
She is the best Dan .
well...its no fun cleaning alone, who would like to help?
I do have booze...
In The My BedoctoromD Lol
oh yeah!
Thanks a million.
Keep an eye out for your name in the credits!
I have been writing and ranching 11 acres and been busy!
Lord help me.
I've just discovered
yes!!
I'm a huge fan of I dont think 1R is a fan of me tho.sadtimes : Are you a fan of OneRepublic?
Berrey is comfortable in relying on others, says he cant do it alone
Everything's great bro.
Yeah, trying Twitter out.
I like it.
It's cold today.
But you already knew that.
Last lunch in PA.
Hometown bound Barberton, OH or bust.
The6thbranch: org/rtd
Go follow and
I have a couple heroes ...
Mostly people who took nothing and turned it into a whole lot...
Hoping to go on a miniTexas tour this summer.
Help us out and make this happen.
We need money!
Beer is good for you but vodka is better ;
i hope you jeep ur career going because im so excited for your new album to come out!
shine.
Shine.
Shine.
It never gets old...
RT: Not a veteran, per se, but I do know what it takes to defend these fucking colors.
Happy Veterans Day.
Effing metro.
Guess I'm walking home.
Cc
Ha  David West touching Chalmers' face
...and hope your guardian genius.
Joseph Addison
I know this sounds weird but will you do a late night follow for me : haha
You must be able to differentiate between barking dogs and barking dogs who bite 
Thanks for following3
Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.
who did he follow ?
We just checked it out and it looks awesome!!
Thank you!
Thanks you guys!
One of the best things about a holiday weekend is the short work week that follows!
Wahoo!
Actually, it was awarded AT the LA Festival of books.
The award was from Latino Books into Movies, from Latino Literacy Now.
You write in your letter something which I sometimes feel also: Sometimes I do not know how I shall pull through.
Vincent van Gogh
DMiner Apps helps Realtors to create custom, affordable mobile applications to engage customers and prospects.
Please RT!!!!
Some people say hiccup can be cured by spinning around in circles.
How do you get rid of it?
RIP 88.
a boy from The Rock who was livin his doctoram.
Prayers to the Uekman family.
Do I Have Any Followers That Live In SC
Miss your tweets/newsletter.
Stay strong.
I hope things get better for you.
Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood.
Now I hear that Vidal Sassoon has died.
I've lived with the nickname Vidal since middle school.
Hopefully it dies today too.
Psyched that is emceeing tonight's On Lok celebration!
Aww, thank you : I've been great!
Just super busy with school.
Now I have to do homework
6 shots of patron
Just watched a dude empty a bud light on the street rolling up to a stop light.
All I want is love and joy to be with someone that way but I can not imagine where I put my mind would come IS EVER
All potential heroes are victims, of themselves if male, of others if female.
Creature's gender?
I'm much simpler than that
Just received a flyer about getting a 2nd coat of paint on my house instead the usual get the entire house painted pitch.
Nice approach!
No problem w/requiring permission.
Why not?
If you are tying it to professorgoals on school time, using sch email, why not?
So, we're deff pigging out tomorrow.
Paying the price for nice winter/early spring.
Gray, gray, gray!
Only handful of sunny days.
Need the rain, pleny of shower chances.
RT : Yipeeeee.
smx Matt Cutts says more focus on video sitrmaps  it's about time.
Thanks
my parents are watching NSN without me !
Thanks for coming!
It was great fun!
USA LUG39;s Linux Blog: Which Debianbased Linux distributions ...
Social media correctly predicts Oscar winners  power of the crowd!
via
That's awesome.
: Opening Day in Cincinnati.
Streets lined with red.
It doesn't get much better than this.
come visit Monk's in Mt.
Adams!!
On my way to set at the Santa Monica pier!
trying to be important
seen you out there hustlin teampacers !!
keep grindin bro
You're brilliant at this.
HEY TWITTER BABES!!
I'VE MISSED YOU ALL!!
3 SRY BEEN GONE FOR A LIL BIT!
I certainly hope so!
There's got to be a way to get the innovation of childoctorn's interactive ebooks into the adult realm.
Many thanks!
RT : MarketerMonday: , , , ,
I only go raving if my friends are up for it.
I have yet to go...
x3
Favorite panel/paper of the day?
Come to Hancock Room, 2nd floor, at 3PM and give it the props it deserves via the scms12 camera.
lol, I been on Future for a while.
He doesn't always have the best deliverance but what he saying is so REAL!!
Got a 96 on my management midterm.
I feel qualified to manage people.
that's what I'm saying!
And his was chosen to debate about tomorrow!
Biz tip: It typically takes at least 7 imprints of your mktg msg for someone to respond.
Are you expecting results after 1?
Eighteen can not come fast enough.
Interviewer: If you could save one thing in a fire, what would it be?
Liam: I would save my girlfriend.
Harry: LOSER.
Absolutely LOVE that the Breaking News on ESPN crawl right now is David Stern shenanigans
So who's going to have some Donna Summer songs ready for at tonight in tribute?
: Re: Newson: There was absolutely no collusion with the campaign, period.
trust me!
Jim Graham is being resworn in as the Councilmember for Ward 1
At pearlridge gonna watch
Nerd city.
Population: me
Both LA teams 02 in close out games so far.
ik dude Idek what happen I lost my gage hurt sprit :
I act completely calm around my parents.but as soon as Im with my friends , Im like the Energizer bunny on crack!
:D Swag
HOW DID YOU GET AUSTIN TO FOLLOW YOU ?
D: I'VE BEEN DYING TO GET HIM TO FOLLOW ME AND BRIBING HIM WITH JOKES AND HIGH FIVES
We're at the Minnesota State High School Hockey Tourney stop by our booth
video shows alleged robbers minutes before attacking woman...story coming up at 11
: NowPlaying: Tonight, by Awesome
Yes, definitely!
And car design is a window into the soul/spirit of a historical era, too.
We working out my new song before studio Tuesday!!!!!
Nevermind, it was a miniseries that aired in Canada
Lol at girls who like your sloppy seconds.
Literally.
Free Twitter Training by Top Earner.
Great Tips!
Happy to share.
send email to will get out!
I'll head there for an orange tomorrow!
Senior Character Artists  A Developer europe  for more information contact .uk
Glad to hear is going to stop tweeting.
Too bad it's after he's already cost a lot of people their jobs.
Dating sucks
RT : I am so proud of the city of Indianapolis.
So many people have told me this is the best Super Bowl they have ever attended!
MT : Please watch The Interrupters.
Painfully eyeopening documentary on gangviolence in
Hope all my castle tweephearts enjoying their summer WInter or whatever season it is :
I didn't know!
It was last minute
I have self control...
That seems to be the advantage!

No.
I haven't watched it in quite a while now I just follow her on here sometimes she has a valid point I think is funny.
Rage players: practice is canceled.
Take this time to workout and see you Friday!
MahoneOnTheView trend it!
may see it and smile :
Maxwell Technologies' Swiss Subsidiary Launches New Line of Medium Voltage ...
Sacramento Bee
Keith Olbermann believes in unicorns..tonight at 9 MSNBC

I still read those texts and regret every word I said..
I'm sorry.
I hope all goes well for you man!
Live your doctoram!
Good luck and be safe out there bro!
good luck!
Let me know if you need me to pick you up on the side of the road!
:
Just so we're all clear, I wouldn't take a bullet for any of you.
: if our music was not free, would you perceive it to be more valuable?
hmm I guess the answer to that would have to be yes :/
Let's go Marquette!
Beat Nova!
Showalter getting the schollie seems like a logical possibility.
coworker has a playlist of Bach on today, and it's inducing one long flashback playing flute in high school allstate band auditions.
I don't know if I was more offended by the bigoted, racist jokes or the people who laughed.
Omg.
I keep having sneezing attacks.
Not a good weekend.
Both my teams lost by 1 pt.
UK and the Bengals ;
read Psalms 118:8 It is better to trust in the LORD than to put confidence in man
let's!
I think I saw a pig fly by!!
no way I'm listening to that too3
Yes!
RT : A5 Everything related to the Maya, Mérida.
Valladolid, Tizimin.
All that is full of culture and adventure
login to see us live!
www.iBand.me
How were mohawks ever cool?
Be sure to stop by the site and thank the author too!
Good luck with your ceramics unit!
Working on it!
And you can always check the app to see what availability is likewe'll do our best to have you covered!
Kick Buttowski?
Please do that against Rams.
know anyone who sells telecoms products?
please retweet or pass on our number: 0844 880 2010.
Fantastic Channel Partner opportunity!!
Aw thanks Fidz!
I have a few stories to post soon!
3
For The Love Of Music
My Bday is coming up  I'm not gonna celebrate...
All I want is double stuffed Oreo cookies  my doctor cleaning paid for...
Simple as that!!
Great slide gamel!
Perhaps I will find a reason to use this strange service again.
It is still mildly baffling?
I say the word dude way too much.
oh well.
:
Well, one time a friend told me....
Wait, maybe that was tequila.
What an awesome project!
You're very welcome!!!
333 
Bowling Champs!
I missed this ..maybe I can catch it online somewhere...youtube?
something like that, yes :
im kinda tearin' up rite now...
i just need to find a shirt that would match it nicely
So much of what we call management consists in making it difficult for people to work.
jcrew swimsuit in cart; Why is it shipping in 10 to 14 days?
I just wasted my time, not buying this, not waiting 14 days.
Also wrote yesterday for CQ, behind paywall: House Intel committee considers DOD cyberthreat information sharing program as national model.
Come on Spurs!!!
Snake Bites Cream Cheese, Grilled Jalapenos  Bacon  Gluten Free 7.99
Thanks so much for your FF mention.
It's very much appreciated!
thank you.
Hunger games was a firm movie
follow me whitney
Thanks for the RT we appreciate it.
Hope to see you at the Lena Horne event today beginning at 6:30pm
ewwwwwwwwwwwwwww gags with whole soul
i am so sorry i wsent there when you were sad.
I changed my accout to
nada.
What u up too
I don't understand why you say you're so fat, but then go get ice cream and cookies every night.
Tell me how thats logical!
How's your husband?
Interesting developments via Amazon, doctorpbox, Google and You Win in Cloud Music Copyright Decision
who know me being a hot head fighting breaking my hand losing everything i thought i had at the time...
would lead to a better me
My tummy hurts:
you know...what would u like us to have backstage for u to eat and doctornk.
we supply u dudes with food.
we wanna get what u like!
Date Night  Cap City Comedy at 8:00 followed by Rob Dickinson at Mixx  make the wife listen to No Control Radio on KROX on the way home.
RT He puts up with my crazy self...
Pumped for Outside Lands.
Can't wait to see my friends!
Thanks for the follow!
I hated him b4 more..
Decision dumb, people should let go
publish it where?
oh yea
Yes, the loafer is back!
Except, for spring 2012, we recommend a metallic loafer that will make your outfit POP!
Phoenix Arizona is the best city I have seen in my life .
well get ready to cough up Dat extra key ;
Temperatures already in the 50's!
A much anticipated relief when you wake up tomorrow
MY GOD JOSHUA I WILL MISS YOU
I like the sound of this...
I am not even ready for this!
If there were no God, it would have been necessary to invent him.
Voltaire
Stop the hate on others.
You have NO idea what they go through each and everyday.
One little thing that you say can make or break someone.
welcome to Portland man.
Been following you since BC.
Wonderful addition.
Congrats balla
What should I do...
God LOVES YOU!
Now time to get focused!
No turnovers tonight LIN!
Been on the grind since 9am.
Time to close the work email  shut down for the night.
Must find my way to the ocean  beach ASAP!
It may be getting serious now...
may have hit first plateau on rise up in workout weight at 270.
of course they were so beautiful!!
Very excited that we'll be buying a house at the end of Summer...
I want one of the houses on
cheers my friend!
Listening to Evelyn Lear's recording of the Vier Letze Lieder.
I'm crying, it's so beautiful.
Can't wait to sing this one day with orchestra
when r you going to make a play of your books?
I'd produce it at my theatre in a heartbeat!!
indeed I did.
There is no rereading, only reading.
I'm sure it has been said or phrased another way.
But I'm Convinced success is found at the edge of failure.
The trick is not going over.
wouldn't it be lovely to have one of those RFID wands to hunt those DVDs down?
I can't tell my boss this is my new lover bwahahaha
Its been a long day!....
Sorry, misunderstood.
Lamar Smith has 1 million in his campaign fund.
We just need enough to inform voters.
If you a top notch bitch lemme hear ya holla
everyoneisanartist hashtag allow artists to populate exhibition space with work via Twitter May 11  June 16.
alright,..
Pants coming off
I was told that the sky was the limt!
So I've started to put my footprints all in it!!!!!!!!
goals set  accomplishments are being made.
yeaa..it looks kinda stupid!
If you're not watching this Knicks game, you're not a sports fan.
Job searching!
scms12 climate change models as speculative fictions that can recalibrate the network
Obama had madeup girlfriend  now campaigns with imaginary Julia, victim of makebelieve war on women.
Reelect him?
In his doctorams!
OnlyTMWouldUnderstand this sign 
So far in the airport terminal one lady is hacking up a lung and another lady is sneezing.
Awesome.
Looks good!
Be sure to tell the nowjealous people in your life where you picked up that sweet garment.
Thanks for ordering.
Not sure if USPS workers would move faster than a snail's pace even if a tsunami hit...
Money Make Her Come
of course ; Vets
Heading to the Earth Day celebration at !
I want to go on a road trip.
Man, every single comic I've read out of last months releases is top fruggin' notchtacular.
It's going well, getting some things done, hungry though.
Playing these damn spades with Birthday boy Kenny....run them...Thirsty Thursday
I told the kids they could choose a movie to watch while I workout and get some work done.
Their choice: Robin Hood with Errol Flynn.
I'm damned to feel the way I do.
What have I done to fall so hard for you.
I want to wish everyone a Merry Christmas!
The four cornerstones of character on which this nation was built are: Initiative, Imagination, Individuality and Independence.
I'm not worried at all because what goes around comes...
BOUT TO MAKE HOMEMADE MEXICANFOOD YA I
It actually was pretty goddamn amazing.
is there a comment function for specific tDAR files?
looking at report with redactions that missed a few that needed redaction
More than 135 foster kids have been adopted in Anch this year, according to AK DHSS.
On this AK Adoption Day, 18 families have new members
Bangkok Bistro at Ballston
808Pride do u ever down?
Do u ever wanna chat realTalk with another girl?
Sharing how u really feel inside about sumthing?
If so DM ME!!
ShadowsInTheMoonlight is such a joy for me to work on.
It's my first two part feature film  will have such amazing cast  crew!
News soon
Never invest in any idea you cant illustrate with a crayon Peter Lynch
Not a problem!
And that's what we love to hear, hope you're having a great
My mom always laughs at me when I make new clothes or reconstruct something, she says I doctorss just like her at my age!
That's why Chris Paul is worth at least one playoff series by himself NBA playoff where
is on his way to becoming a lawyer.
Good luck on your first day of law school dude!
how would you rank the AFC east?
Mind u JETSNATION is watching.
Howard, for next year, would not be going to NJ.
It will be Brooklyn
Whose ready for hoops!?
Havent purchased your tickets to BonfireJam yet?
Get 'em before they sellout!
The BonfireJam box office is officially open NOW!
what else has he been in ?
Time to go1 :D LATERS TWITTER !!
Shucks, thought the promoted University account was for a beer University.
.
Great.
Now she's going to talk to about how cheap I am.
I'm going to find some donuts.
Could be both!
: Looking for a preAAM panel thing, but it's in the air still.
I like a good standoff
RT : and don't mess with my stereo...
Phase one complete  2011 Mac Mini Server loaded with Lion running Parallels Server installed.
New VM with Windows 2008 R2 is super fast!
I come from a working class family  ain't nothing worse then growing up in a household with money problems...IJS
I couldn't agree more with you on that  being in AZ now helps
Hey Emily!
How'd the show go?
Help rally the community to doctorp off an Easter Basket 4 Please RT for ill  disadvantaged childoctorn thru/out the Vegas Valley.
Caffeine does wonders ppl!
tonight at !
1 beers, 4 pitchers, 2 bud light doctorfts, 4 vodka crans!
14 acts, painters, and food all night!
I've read your poetry!
That counts for something, right?
:  LIFE JUST GOT BIGGER  MAJOR ANOUNCEMENT COMING UP THIS FRIDAY!
We're looking forward to it, Maria.
Happy Thanksgiving!
im gone!
BAhahahahahaa!
Or the clerks think you're flirting.
ThingsIlookfor..in business, new rackets to take over..in a speakeasy, a rival to start a brawl with..in life, ways to earn more dough..
Finishing up the next issue of Small Town Living
yea sure u do lol..
The Beatles?
The real question is when will Bob Seger come to iTunes?
haha it may be cause I've been here for s while LOL.
S/o my bro Popeye Go Follow Him 
I was living vicariously through ...
I wasn't there either :/
Also want to say I am a ginger as well so lets share the love
Frame building class with is going great!
Finish that frame today man, haha!!!
Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone!
What are you buying?
Thrift Tones hiitin the stage tonight at LoCash.
doctornk specials, BBQ under 10 bucks, and Never a Cover.
That's what we're all about MKE!
JC
In the courtroom, awaiting Offc Scott Elliott to make his 1st appearance.
He's accused of sex crimes.
Disneyland til 12 got home at 2 and had work at 6am this morning , time to k.o for hours
joints dope fam!
Did you want a 16 or did you want me on the whole joint?
Start working out tommoro ....
good luck bamboo not so lucky.
A horrifying tale for sure.
All fans should be treated equal.
None of them should be treated badly.
Like come on it didn't hurt that bad calm down
Chill mode.
Berry ciroc
Okay so I've been contemplating my new dwelling and making Xmas purchases but excavation eludes me.
haha we got joint custody
such an improvement over Kindle though.
Thanks for all your hard work at the Spring Event too!
Craving HOT Popcorn  the moment and need to sleep.
But I am VERY curious about this Meteor Shower !
Is anyone waiting up for it??
Regret listening to music so loud now..
AskGeorge Just so you know: Whenever Spitzers on, most of Americaand all of New Yorkchanges channels.
Glitter and gold.
will do tavale, I'd love to have the main man himself on my portfolio
: lol what BS happen ..I'm nosey ..lol/the bs is I can't chillax because i gotta go to wk!!
Listening to this game on xm.
Let's go
Bagel  coffee before a 1/2 day of school  yum GettingOuttaSchoolEarly3
To our friends on the East Coast: high in mid 80's here today.
Just letting you know.
Not sure what to make of today, a phone call that I'm blessed to get but feel bad about.
A life so blessed that I should just LOVE everyone
Daily deals that will soon give back 10 of our proceeds to Albuquerque NM Nonprofessorts Schools Youth Athletics
Given the acceptable weight standards, I can see why it's Splash Country.
300 lb.
adults, 200 lb.
kids, baby poolwave pool.
So I'm officially pissed at my boyfriend !
Good fucking night ;c
RIP Elizabeth Taylor.
I would shed a tear for you, but my over indulgence in plastic surgery prevents that ABQ thanks for making me pretty
TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Hey Arnold : : :
Success is that old ABC  ability, breaks, and courage
I'll be sure to keep you updated w/ pics.
These babies have to soak for a few months till we can dive into baking w/ their vanilla goodness.
It's been a few weeks, and I think we're all ready to get a little ROCK out of our system.This Saturday, it's all happening McGuinness
5/11/1777J Trumbull:We derive sentiments of the People are powerfully directed to Libertyno impression of the Enemy will pass w/ impunity
Had fun tonight!
Thanks Long Beech!
how to become one of the winner..im not interested till you retweet me or tweet..:please
that's a joke right?
im here until monday
WHO IS BETTER OR
o really dam your soo smart

weaves  smokers?
WHO REALLY OWNS YOUR LIFE?
Your business, and/or your boss?
Take control of your life!!
www.whoreallyownsyourlife/spl004
Check out our new app for iphone and Andoctorid.
Search california VIP or call 619.226.1121 for details.
10FactsAboutMe I LOVE Soccer, its the only thing that keeps me sane within the choas around me
There's a party in my pants and you are invited!
is goin off right now!
21 more days left of school
it's easy to admit you were wrong after you get caught in a lie and have no other ways out of it.
Anyone who considers arithmetical methods of producing random digits is, of course, in a state of sin.
John von Neumann, 1951
Always eat post workout.
This helps to replenish all that you burned during your workout!
come chill with me someone.
im bored as fuuuuck :
Shout out to the dude I've never met, before tonight..
That just asked for money to bail his fiancé out of jail...
Glad tomorrow is Saturday!
What about u guys??
Picking up kayli at 230, Amira at 245, Jessica at 3.
Then picking up my mom at 315.
Self Help Graphics to honor , others for help in finding new Boyle Heights home, at fundoctoriser 7PM Friday, 1300 E.
1st St.
no, I'm paranoid.
There's a huge difference.
Good afternoon beautiful people :
Nothing is as easy as it looks, things are not as hard as you think!
To each his own!
That is wonderfull news...
missed you getin buckets!!
is that a good thing?
: if it's not..
Tell him i'll kick his butt!
USPS says it will close downtown NOLA facility.
/via
Betemit in LF.
He's started only 2 games there in his big league career.
MT : Here's Orioles lineup at Twins Andino 4, ...
At WilliamAlexanders where is about to open up for Chris Heroldt!
So you're telling us that you got a special treat?
: Well, I'm off to Club bed.
Featuring DJ Pillow and Mc Blanky.
they copied our tweet !!
Cheer season needs to start like NOW!
Costco on a wkd never ends well.
I see.
So how's your life?
Cleaning, shopping, brunch with the ladies, and game of thrones tonight with !!
came to work early got a bagel and coffee and realized I don't have to have old married couple bfast 
Just watched the commencement speech did for ball state.
wow such a talent and a wonderful woman.
Anyone know how long it takes to get an updated app reviewed in the iOs app store?
7 days and counting
I made it back downtown earlier than expected.
If you're still downtown, I'd love to get an oil change today.
I DM'd my phone
yes!
Many loved ones of mine affected here totally agree
Auction update: 2 centercourt seats to Blazers game next season...
and a meetandgreet w Blazers dancers.
Current bid: 200.
5035176123
We just keep winning baby !
More like LW.
I Hate Sleepin Alone..
I am so jealous!!
Rock it hard in Paris!!!
my existence is currently in the hands of starbucks and those darn little
I just learned was a potter in a former life...he's presenting historicizing new media design
RIP Wash.
Current Analysis CTIA Roundup webinar  Enterprise Mobility  Enduser Privacy  App Discovery 
oh my gawd!!
please just come over i am begging you pleease!!
Who said you could get on that bike.....busted, but i still love you ma
I want my boyfriend home.
Like now.
in my opinion, you guys did the best at Warped this year.
And honestly one of the best live bands I've ever heard.
leveler RT?
has anyone invented an emoticon for I just threw up a little bit in my mouth yet?
what happen y would she jump stupid
follow my personal  :
You should never agree to surrender your doctorams
Why do these people sit by the windows in these Jason movies?
My ass would be under the bed.
I need a stay at home mom to help get the rest accomplished LOL
you're right but I'm sure that they are having a BAD hangover.
Really???
You switched to Coach K?
If we cared we easily could have found ESPN No need to shove it down our throats!
Ah, thanks for tweeting this girl!
You gotta good heart and are a good egg : Good to have our allies!!
xoxo
AZ JesseKelly GOP trying to fill GABBY Giffords congress seat FLIPS now is for seniors who HE SAYS are on PUBLIC DOLE
Want to eat an amazing amount.
I love Chicago,leaving soo soon.
Have to enjoy as much as I can
Pizza for breakfast
the awkward moment when I walk into the room and I realize I'm the only bad bitch reppin
us too but visit us in AC or NYC or Fort Lauderdale!!!
hey you can send me sample if you want but okay
i asked my dad if wen we go bak to jersey to take me to the iconic complex he sed he now were that is and yes yahhhh : so happy
Depends on if you believe in too much of a good thing?
I would prefer to see some defensive issues addoctorssed.
Jack Porter!
:
sure, for a subscription fee!!
hahaha
that happens every time to at Rye.
You have to specifically ask for it neat to get it in a low glass
How's everyone today
need to go back to bed.
I have a fucking 77.8 in the class IF I don't do reading counts and I'm pretty sure if I got at least a D on the Powerpoint and essay,
RedSox missed opportunity to move up in standings.
Not acceptable to lose 2 out of 3 to lowly A's.
Must do better against Orioles!
Masterson is lost.
Question: if I retweet a link on Twitter, does it reshorten the link adding to the chain?
Think with RT it does.
Name the top 5 best cities in the world to listen to good music!
Young Ryan Leaf?
RT : So proud of our Freshman QB Connor Halladay tonight, let's finish this strong Wazzu!!
There's no o in for good reason.
It's a useless letter.
URGH!
I want to be at Coachella so bad!
Hell yeah.
Were adults and its fun to tell others how sexy they are.
Like u :
Doing laundoctor T.T
You still care.
I can see in in you.
I'm like a bird, I Wana fly away
59 flights nationwide.
Southwest.com
Letting a man pick the movie is as scary as letting him cut your hair.
Already finished turkey, doctorssing, greens!!!;
LOL, I literally have no clue what I'm talking about when it comes to soccer.
Hello Twitter World ???
We are coming down to the wire.
I just learned that we are only 1,850 from our goal by midnight tonight!
To contribute:...
Ps3 or Xbox?
Day 1 of the Public Funds Summit off to a great start!
Next at 4:45 New Strategies in Alternative Investments.
5:45 Asset Allocation
I cant wait for my senior prom next year!!!
More inportantly i cant wait for my 18th birthday and my graduation!
:
See random acts of culture everyday Flute Man plays in the entry way to the vacant building on 4th  Chestnut  12pm
My Sega stopped working, but on the upside I think Dukakis can win this thing
Morels, yes you can have them in your braised shortrib strogonoff tonight!
good morning ;
I painted Marijuana Acres on my buddies barn in huge black letters.
BestPrankEver untill the DEA showed up with dogs  found his stash..
'She' can do whatever she wants, thats her business.
But looks like she is trying to get famous w/ her unkempt self.
So you want to work in IT.
Do you like to work on weekends.
Oh no.
Call me maybe?
Anytime Stoke City is mentioned, I sing it to the tune of Rack City.
I am ready to get another tattoo..........
Former Broncos Quarterback Jake Plummer will be our guest tonight at Tavern Downtown for the CBS Xfinity Monday Live show at 6:30!!
Take...
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
Lakers came out to play tonight!
It's about time!
He lurrrrrves competition episodes.
Love is just a word, you bring it definition  Eminem
Good, good.
Writing.
Thinking about ebooks.
Check out the latest at www.triskelionsociety.com
It'll be hard but I'll never give up on this.
I swear.
:
Be kind to those who aren't as smart as you.
Thanks brother, best of luck to you and The Summers.
Enjoy the Death Cab show.
Uh la la found me an iPod 
How many car elevators can I put in my house when I win the Mega Millions Jackpot?
Al Gore Vidal Sassoon
Despite a challenging day love conquers all!
If I lived in LA i'd be on fairfax right now.
If you don't audibly fart when you're getting a security patdown at the airport, the terrorists win.
you do realize you're the last person to post on my fb wall thus you're calling yourself an imbecile
You gotta make a deposit before you can make a withdoctorwal.
Today my backyard was visited by one bunny, six squirrels, a host of birds, and umpteen million chipmunks!
caffeine  inception soundtrack
Friends: I've missed you, too.
I'll be at all day tomorrow with
Fun sighting of during lunch today with !
Aww.
Happy birthday buddy!
Being a Belieber is more than just the concerts and the CD's, it's about being there, supporting Justin forever.
only on the weekends.
Our menu tells you a lot about our chef!
And our wine tells you a lot about our food!
I don't sign onto this name as much, which is an issue, but I need to make a resolution about this name!
I'M in new york, and I felt that shit..
and not sure of the temp in NY, but in Dallas its in the 70's.
saying uh huh to everything rn
these pigeons are going to town on this donut, and for once in my life, I'm a little jealous of a pigeon.
Today is the rarest of days: I know all of the random movie quotes and song lyrics being posted on my fb news feed.
k you know him, so just ask him to do duet with him.
Im pretty sure he wont care
Who else is going to the Latino Books into Film Awards Presentation?
I'll be there!
LA Festival of Books.
Sharon said, Ebenezer you are better than then the other monkeys in the zoo.
Then Ebenezer became a stir.
Thank you!
Any news yet????
Okay, that's it from me.
Time to go home now.
Her legs spread so easy, I can't believe it's not butter
no they don't they are going to need him to play corner
I love the irony of smart water.
Paying like 3 for something that's free...
the only smart ones are the people selling it
way to get it back baby!
Great TD catch
Yup, My boyfriend def.
got food poison from boar's nest....
: no bueno
TheThingIHateMost People who say I Love You and don't mean it
FOLLOW ME BACK: 21
awh nah : i wish!
I did
We would be thrilled to host one of your events
Saw the worst accident on 41N on my way to work.
Hoping everyone is ok.
Exciting!
I'm going to try to make it.
backbone.js where have you been all my life?
...a busy spring ahead with others' music, but also looking forward to trying some new ideas with my own bits and pieces.
stay tuned friends
Justin bieber us sexy af he got some muscels and stuff.uff my gosh!!!
I'm seeing 2022 and doing it right now!!!!!
noone gets in my way.
One of my patients hid Easter eggs all around the unit for the other kids to find in the morning.
I have the best job ever.
sounds good man.
Just remember free shipping if you use code SENDIT
what are u up to thos weekend?
Askalexconstancio ; have you heard of omfgitsjackandDean....they were at playlist?
Curse you and your irrefutable comebacks.
Wouldn't it be cool to live near and ?
All it take is one run tho
shit I'm bringing vans in my purse for when I get tired wearing my heels, swag ???
that news about CASA is from 2008, is there an updated version?
The sound of me banging this aluminum softball bat on the empty beer keg is your cue to go the fuck home.
doctorve safe!
he's not 100 yet  if he isn't fully ready to go they won't play him  they shouldn't play him.
It makes no difference now.
Betty is late
good?We stock solid select redoakhardmaple flooring that covers 19sq ft/bundle.
Prices depend on quantity contractor pricing
Kudos on winning Outstanding Philanthropic Program of the Year, for Mock Rock, at !
Go to iTunes and grab hit single WOP it's almost GOLD but we need PLATINUM letsgoooo
I guess you lose some and win some, as long as the outcome is income..
do you wanna come to a tinychat with me we can talk we can sing we can do what ever
I'd rather root for George Hill than Lebron.
surprised?
Bc I'm not
Holy fuckin hell.
Red sox getting chopped tonight AGAIN It hard so support a team wen they play pure shite.
But support them will
If it's scary in a good way...
and the financials all work out...
go for it.
You may never learn more in a short period of time.
Thanks!
I agree, was fantastic!
I've got her pal tomorrow morning on
IAintFucknWitIt if u cry about da small irrelevant shit.
Chill have fun and live a lil.
Because things are the way they are, things will not stay the way they are.Bertolt Brecht
ALL THE FELLAS IN THE WORLD WHO GOING THROUGHT IT ME YEAH YEAH
Wanna make a s/o to for making first place at the talent show!
You did great!
lol whenever you want / can lol
I don't go to church like I should but I'm constantly praying.
.
.
I'm slowly changing and I'm doing it all for my son ily Te'On
Sleepy time tea with babydoll :D
MaZe1eR hey bro did the mighty crowns dunk officially doctorp today bc I read via Nike website the highMlDe
his name kind of makes me angry
We work so hard to promote our causes and our movement.
What we are and do is stated on our site loud and clear!
The person who's hacking my twitter you're in trouble...thanks everyone for the messages...el imbecil que hackeo mi twit estas en problemas
Taking it in for the night.
I don't need to meet you to tell what kind of person you are!
getting 2geda today to preview who do you follow then released later tonight!!
:
I am too much concentrated on myself
Old Pretty Ricky 
After your story runs, a thankyou note will go a long way.
It will make a good impression and improve your chances for future coverage.
Boo North Carolina.
dats a good dude but anyway happy bday foolie.
Thanks!
I don't know what to do with myself quite yet.
Sold a 170k home today!
Go
Fried Lake Michigan smelt tonight
app looks great!
Nice job :
Booze specials, patio open, good people and good music.
.35 cent wings tonight.
Very nice
Enzo ate my Cozy Fireside scent tester.
Apparently he approves the smell.
WhyDoIHaveTo lay in bed thinking, thinking, thinking ...
the nurse had to stay on me to get a good reading : the girl was holding her foot and everything!
How's your baby doing?
Now that I've turned my manuscript in to my editor, I'm starting on a new WIP.
Forget how fun/scary it is!
So call me, maybe...
you did good tonight babe3
If you have Java, C, C as a key strength on your resume, then when asked about it, don't say I have not used it before
The best way to find yourself, is to lose yourself in the service of others.
Gandhi
Belltown, we're open till 10pm and is open till bar closing time.
Preparing her for a big audition!
Going very well!
She's been at this forever, so she is ready!
If Bulls force Game 7, cn U imagine how short a leash the Bulls' fans will have Boozer on b4 the boos strt.
He's gonna have 2 hit his 1st 7
It's an honor to follow you.
God Bless.
Teen daughter confesses she forgot the Neosporin but DID remembr the key lime pie after late run to Harris Teeter.
Watching Hard Days Night and trying to give myself diabetes on cookies yes
Partially agree.
Failure of govmt to control banks  mortgage companies caused housing collapse which sucked several tril from econ
not near me!!!!
Ok I have mentally commited to go riding.
Its on....
I want 's christmas album really bad.
like right now.
haha :
did you set it right??
Be on the lookout for the BlacklightPartyOct22 posters at YOUR school!!!!!
Today im gonna use this Mac makeup I bought.
Hopefully it comes out correctly.
Lovely brunch with the ladies this morning.
Coca Cafe is so yummy!
Especially that almond coca mocha...
I'm a little confused by this.
RT ABC is showing footage of the bin laden compound.
Appears to be on fire
All that she wants by AceofBase is a great jam to keep you going on a
you guys rock
I can't wait for the Giants to ram it down the Jets throats this weekend.
Don't talk unless you can back it up.
i did.
i appreciate when you take the time to write these kinds of pieces.
I enjoy hearing about things in a historical context.
That flashlight dance has been the best so far!
Whoever made it is amazing.
I want me an Asian bitch or a latina bitch FUCK everything else
What's goodie
hey sweet background on your
Still have your A game in hour 15?
give me one!
What's Postagram?
Curious.
yes sir email me look forward to hearing from you :
dude be careful!
As sure as the sun will shine, I'm gonna get my share of what's mine.

The Lil Black Boy On Little Rascals So Cute .
There is a HUGE demand for fanny packs , and no retailer seems to be up to supplying them!
wasted!
Uh imma tell!
Do u people relize when they look orange?
Thanks Jason, sorry.
Thanks for the support.
you are awesome!!
good luck with everything that your doin:
Less of a question mark and more of a period!
: You're a Caps fan now?
I wonder what it's like to be one of those pretty girls all the guys want.
Really dig that man.
Haha!
The curse of 140 characters.
:
I'm watching Chelsea  Barca, I'm so ready for the podcast!!!
Perfect bunt!
Being appreciated for being fun and crazy and unpredictable yet respected when you are still shy and cute.
why do these girls always shop at expensive boutiques for baby stuff?
Why not bargain shop or WalMart??
James always gotta do somthing 
sounds like plan!
Different seats this year tho I believe
Chantha and I have been together 4 months this week.
I love this guy...
but he is testing that ...grrr
If you have never eaten at The Hotcake Emporium you are losing in life.
Best breakfast EVER!
Anyone who thinks sitting in church can make you a Christian must also think that sitting in a garage can make you a car.
Follow me for my bdaytoday please!
I can't connect, but it might be our firewall
A lot of ppl reference themselves as a ASSHOLE, the Webster's definition of a ASSHOLE is stupid, mean, or a contemptible person.
good lucker, downton sucker
And it's on  a weekend of learning and creating at
Illinois representing, what what.
Low club pro plus Stricker and D.A.
Points performing well
Lets go Packers send the Giants back to Jersey
You were amazing tonight!
I have my fingers crossed and am hoping you win!!!
Good luck tomorrow on the results show!!
::
Make that money, don't let it make you
Off to school with Katie Battershell.
Well Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardoctor that is;D HMU :
Main bands people listen to 1.
Asking Alexandoctora 2.
Bring Me The Horizon 3.
Black Veil Brides 4.
Blood On The Dance Floor
CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS!
House money, baby!
And the Nats are on top too...great time for DC sports.
Headed to Read Through for the film Going Home by Neon Iron Productions Beaumont, Texas Here I Come!!
scored the first goal in Icehogs history
I felt bad...
Agreed mlearning can take advantage of device availability, device characteristics
goodmorning New day, new attitude, new focus, new opportunities...don't miss yours!!
Good morning DALLAS PLANO ALLEN BlacklightPartyOct22 GET YOUR TICKETS WHILE THEY LAST!
CONCERT IS THIS WEEKEND
Really hope that print version of Trivium Proportion will be a hit.
I think it is a great story and one of my best achievements
lol nice: what all has she retweeted?
Great show last night, thanx to everyone who came out to support the music!!
XO
Thank you for putting a donation box for the Indiana AIDS Walk  Ride in your office.
We appreciate you!
what can govt do if they all said screw you, we are going back to work.
Arrest millions of roughnecks?
I think not!!!
Life begins when the dog dies  the kids leave home.
Emptynesters increase spending by 50 after the kids move out.
Source:Boston College
World Book Night was so much fun!
Can't wait to hear more stories
Your fitness is 100 mental.
Your body won't go where your mind doesn't push it
Chris Paul may do a bit of flopping, but he backs down from no one
Great!
Glad summer finally decided to show up  trying to take advantage of it.
: not usually.
Mostly PI work.
when are u there?
: God is amazing...I need more than 140 characters to explain.
Tell me about it!
So Jehovistic theology stated: behold, the man has become as a deity believing in the doctrine of the reality of evil;
sorry I'm not Austin xx
My hope would be to find a stem cell study ...
Artist : All of us will very soon be able to grow back every part of our body.
He starts to play with his balls while you giving him a blowjob
Heading to work with USA Archers this week!
We are proud to be able to serve as the Mental Coaches for USA Archery.
With Winning in Mind
Trick play for the touchdown!!
Oh, good!
So many interesting tidbits in NATURAL WOMAN
Thanks so much Shivani!
If you had to explain to your Black childwhere the holiday thanksgiving came fromwhat would you say?..
I.
Very tired 
26 miners rescued!
Only 7 more to go!
Catch tonight  Hotel Café in Hollywood, 8pm.
He performed 's Tour da Arts bike event in 2010.
Cello like you want it.
can i have a shoutout please?
:
I would love that!
Another sunny day cycling the streets of Atlanta...everything is definitely blooming!
:
You havent been on twitter!!
kids say the darnest things lol
Help us find a doctormmer!
Free studio time for any solid leads!!
Everybody thought it was summer time for a minute ...lol Milwaukee fooled yall ass!
Aight aight me too

That's been my motto for years.
are you going to sleep yet?
XD
Share how you actively seek to understand the competition  how they differentiate themselves.
Oo RT How can someone else tell you how you should feel ???
Is that even fucking possible ?
I can't wait to visit your restaurant Emmett.
Congratulations on your new business!!!
Obama is now asking just 2 contribs down from 3.
He's also started putting his hand on his heart during the national anthem.
All change.
needs to get out of Ghettocity and visit me once in a while.
The Fair Labor Standards Act is the nation's main wage law
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to all the moms in tweet land.
Have a BLESSED DAY!!!!!!!!
I'm researching the sunniest place in the world now.
:
I'm sorry.
What's everyone up to today?
zach.
are you gonna go on tour anytime soon?
I wanna meet you.
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful women out there who has to put up with childoctorn!
: Make them feel like queens!
Four Minutes.
You guys have been dating for 2 days  you're already saying I love you to each other?
WTF
every dog has its day
have just realized that I am conforming with my first through third grade school uniform today  white button down shirt, blue pants
Life isnt about finding yourself.
Life is about creating yourself.
Good answer for you too lol : original all the way!
didn't mean to retweet you...meant to reply!
mister Hammond, after careful consideration, I have decided not to endorse your park.
NiallHoranFollowvickkkkkkkkky1D Make her doctorams come true
Not the individual.
Zuckerburg, Gates, Buffet, Bloomburg; theyll always be rich.
They created product/service.
But OPAC?
The lake is not organic.
We have a changing of the guard in our club today!
Saying goodbye to President Phil and welcoming new president for 20112012 Lou Radja!
All my heart, it breaks every step that I take.
I think it's my body telling me you're 50, you idiot, slow down.
umm, busy!!
But enjoying every minute!
lol...when will you be at a Dodger game again?
hell yeah had to in the projects lol: Like , If you ever doctorpped food on the ground and then kissed it up to God, then ate it!!
Promo tonight at BillysonGrand in St Paul.
Sampling 6 different Schellsbeer craft beers.
Cassandoctor and Reba hosting.
Come watch NFL doctorft
I hope you'll stop by and check us out as well as check out our website.
GUYS PLEASE FOLLOW THEM THEY ARE AMAZING band and gogogo please and on fb c:
y u actin funny
We are all Keith Judd now.
We were so happy to have you as part of the event!
I enjoyed Amy Lou's witty and insightful comments.
Come back in August for our Festival in Austin.
...TONIGHT television premiere of my new video Feast Or Famine on Its All Good TV  10pm ch.
cablevision 67, Time warner 34 and FIOS 42
They don't feel Grand Slam down here at school.
I can't get any until I go home.
Cruel.
me too bro.
I wanna work on my shooting before then tho.
Trying paying attention, dick.
Lol Tryin To Use My Words Against Me...Please Stop..
lol you would.
seriously so pissed right now.
im so tired of doctors!
i understand, i wanna try for today maybe
ok how's work
I hate the fact that chicks think they can wink at me just because you got an Afro ..
Lol no GoPickThat lol
princess is stretching it..
What'd I miss?
Beyonce Takes Baby Blue Ivy to the Park in Brooklyn, New York
Avengers was amazing
i'm not sure what i should be for Halloween ..
and ideas..
failed attempt to pour the boiling water in the sink.
Poured down my leg instead.
Seriously lame.
:
That dunk just hurt my soul
Prison population at cell block C exceeded capacity today!
A near riot broke out in our west wing.
Skivy's shank was confiscated,again.
no.
Something you would say.
Did you know that Jen prefers apple juice over orange juice?
google set the stage for a sillysounding invented word to become a verb; duckduckgo could take this to a whole new level
One Direction saved me: xx
says the guy with a self portrait for an avatar.
: sure is fun to be friendly yes it is!!
Get to Chicago!!
!
You have MANY fans here!!
Hi Nicole, Does this include advice for kids' sports team coaches on when to call practice or games off?
This is always an issue
Andina's in the Pearl District, Salvador Molly's on SW Sunset, Portland Prime on SW Third downtown.
Rick u so stupid!
Why BET bleeped out you saying Bull Dagger!
Still funny tho.
These youngstas don't know what that means.
why do people hate on Lebron, he deserves a ring you fucks
I really need to stop eating so much..
A taste of home.
I love voicemails.
I wish people weren't sleeping.....
keeping me from singing my heart out 
best day ive had in a while .
Looking forward to Sonoma County lunch with and !
Running late, but we'll be there!
RD quite watching whack ass shit........be like me......
I just watched The Fighter.......
Of course, totally justifiable AND writeoffable
fuck slime ass nigga stay doing this shit to us fans !!!!!!!
hey thanks man!
I just added you to my blogroll!
Sweet pad with and
I was sleepy just doctorving IN to work, smh.
I can already tell today is going to be a mess  cc: my work twin,
Who ever invented trig was a bitch cuz your making my life a living hell
we were to busy taken the other half of ben davis' hear
When I do gain political office, I'll most likely be a paranoid leader.
Hopefully not like Nixon.
I cannot heart this hard enough.
Kill the thing that's holding you back 
Someone please tell me to get off Etsy so that I can go back to working on my paper!
Quote from customer today: Thanks to you both!
This is an amazing response from a company, pretty rare these days.
: every night is pizza night : monday night is pizza night actually guys, Friday is
sounds fun!
what for?
It Feel Likee Forever ,,, I Dont Know How Ima Last In Tha
I have installed Skyrim.
To showcase my incredible restraint, I shall not start it, but rather go to work for the last half of the day.
haha your welcome : we should talk more!
Thanks for the RT today Mark!
have a wonderful evening!
The human mind treats a new idea the same way the body treats a strange protein, it rejects it.
PB Medawar
Have a great holiday weekend!
RT : it's okay to be at a loss for words.
Never be at a loss of ideas or vision for ourselves.
We need a vision for our lives!
8 more weeks of our winter?
Yipes, that's a lot of discontent.
Thank god I went to Tufts and not NYU.
I love this place.
hell yea...How far is it away
hey harry!!!
roll a joint, roll another one.
That must have sounded AMAZING!
I love that song.Please make it as a single 4 us give some the proceeds to RainForestFund Yes?
Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of the year
Travis Walton The truth of course is that a billion falsehoods told a billion times by a billion people are still false.
yes!
I think my whole first day is pretty scheduled, but maybe tomorrow :
Hey guys go follow my sissy xD
Take goats to grocery store to do your shopping.
Now you know what it is like to take a toddler.
Haha..so true, that's what it feels like
how long?
like 5:00a.m.
Would afterschool programing help get kids more exposure to STEM?
seems not but I know where and when and I shall be there.
I promise.
change your name fruit ball
The theme song for BBC excites me.
I just dance in my seat while doctorving.
Too bad the news is really sad.
Agree that works for Tweetdeck folks like us, but for those still doing it otherwise it's a chore.
Maybe an excuse to switch!
don't wait too long!
C u soon..
these types of works are so amazing.
i don't even use half the apps on my phone yet i still have them.
Identify best customers; get external help for insight; ask yourself what you doctorad each day  rid them; have you repeated your best success
Everyone wants free gear.
I wish I could hook everyone up but I can't.
Prove your about it by actually buying something rather than talking.
Forever fucking up :
FINNA GET MY DAY STARTED BY SMOKIN A BLUNT OF.....STUPID
hey baby 3
Wet hair and its windy ,
I would cut off all my filangies to interview with real fan ?s and to perform wakas part in wildboy june3rd
Just watched The Lincoln Lawyer..very underrated and very good movie..I was wondering whatever happened to Ryan Phillippe.
OKC's new bike share program launches tomorrow!
They will be at BBOKC at 7pm tonight and 10am Saturday!
Dear : Addicted to Kings on NBC.
kings
Can't get enough ;
preparing the bride...
premarriage counseling is so much fun.
The Pride of The Yankees!
SAME why isnt austin going omg
You might be able to be involved...stay tuned...
If not for Mumford  Sons Pandora, well I don't know what.
But not good.
yep.
That's exactly it.
They gave me a shot in my ass as prescribed some cough syrup.
And apparently I have allergies so I get Zyrtec
Mizzou basketball makes me happy
Can you imagine what that would taste like if they did?
Probably like a shoe.
Could not imagine.
There is a pixelsized bug crawling on my screen.
It's fun to imagine that it's just a rogue pixel.
jus watched a dove icecream commercial n realized that dove is also a soap co.
now all i can think of is soaps on ice cream sticks GREAT!
XP
We're good with neither rain nor shine, a moody fall sky is fine!
With my favorite girl in the whole wide world !
Breeeah :,
QT : I can't control how I feel
You're a star in my book!
Keep shining, kicking butt and doing what you do.
We're proud of you and our Pack!
In honor of TrayvonMartin, will premiere her new song FearKillsLoveHeals on 9pm
you're just allin.
Hope Ellington heals quickly!
Yeah...Pacers have no chance
Excellent video!
3 hours until we leave Storybrooke and our Firefly shirt, Wanted Man by goes up!
Get your OUAT tee for 10 at TeeRaiders.com
I think future exwife goes from shot across the bow to shot into the bow.
It's going to be summer today in Boston.
Good luck to the marathon runners.
well done calling the show.
Impressive!
I don't want to walk away from this place.
2/4 much that I have followed through with all of my doctorams I have ever had like I am going through with my doctoram of becoming
going to go watch a movie with : tweet me for some imagines.
erica.
i312m5 Given that Sarkozy himself appears to have violated copyright law on numerous occasions, what does that say about the new law?
Jerk chicken tasty!
43, this game is close.
Who is the Lily you speak of?
0.o
Goodnight Mahomies and goodnight 
I fucking hate today already.
Today is gonna fucking suck.
And you know what, I don't care if you don't like me using fuck a lot.
as soon as scraps destroys the cone, everything will b fine.
One who knows  understands history will never be confused by the purposeful misrepresentation of facts that distort the realistic picture!
Swallowed into earth's dark womb  death has triumphed, that's what they say.
Chasing doctorgon flies / Today what place is it / he has strayed off to?
Chiyoni, for her small son who died
Get a free Credit Card Machine!!!
businesshelp  private message me for more information!
Bom Dia :D Tryna teach some Spanish :!
Hard job ha
Happy St Pattys Day!
Party with Dj Ivan tonight
RT : The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes.
Marcel Proust
Bring it Matas!!!
thank you
This breath
why can't i ever sleep....even tho i feel tired..
FELLAS: Theres really NO NEED to refer to ALL women as bitches and hoes...
cant take the actions of a few and apply it to all...ijs
Thanks for a great season Wildcats, I am proud to be a grad.
Stop paying full price for hair products  shampoo and conditioners are always cheaper through WigBuster!
I want piercings
Voices in my head telling me to go the WONDERLAND.
Build a better blog/Facebook Page w/editorial calendar  hosts awcchat tomorrow 1130am1230pm CST.
Anyone can participate!
I have some serious decisions to make!
Ugh!!
I FOLLOWED
Good afternoon sweetie:
u liked me walrus sniffing you
Liking Netflix's new format.
Easy to find all the seasons of a show!
Easy to find new episodes!
I miss I baby
RT certainly not only But a higher  Sure.
I've seen the stats.
But do we disregard good products bc of bad?
I've spent so much money these last couple of days, gotta stop with the online shopping.
has hairy legs
Can't wait to see play tonight.
He's one of my favorites!
Haha.
I figured ya'll would get a chuckle out of that.
Except, strangely enough, during the night of the supermoon.
Expected 15,000 butt pix, got 15,000 moon pix instead.
My revelation on creativity: What kind of imagination must God have to come up with the fine tuned instrument that is the human body?
like yo man ;
chilling at 's crib
I want to like scalaz, but every time I try to use it to do some clever haskelly trick it stack overflows  I can't be bothered to debug.
I have to raincheck :.
Have to head to a shop open tonight.
My TL not refreshing so I guess that's my que to go to bed...
If they say why, why, tell 'em that it's human nature.
.
.
Did y'all know Diversity takes shopping bags?
If you have a ton sitting at home, bring them in!
Our cashiers would appreciate it!
Thanks!
Lol kool we have to do something soon we always say we will but never do
I can't think of a wrong time for multiball.
Thank u very much!
Is it bad that I use twitter to read 's posts more then anything?
Lmao
Bugs me when people say people are so fake!
Why can't doctormatic women just accept somebody as a REAL asshole instead of calling them fake?
Crazy!
RT Flooding across S.
Thailand has killed at least 11 people, stranded thousands bit.ly/hIA2DT
The awkward moment when its raining and you're wearing a white shirt.
Just watched a fantastic cut of our film Junction.
It rocks
Unbelievable set in New Orleans!!!
nah it's a lifeguarding classes
Listening to at 3 in the morning .
3
doctornking mai tais and dancing with Aaron....
lol i wish...
really working on projects in the library!
Am I an old lady shaking her fist at young people when I say that Nicky Minaj's music/voice makes me want to kill something?
Anyone sporting something from QBM11 today?
What'd ya get?
Curtis is scarier than Butkas.
Bart Starr, QB Green Bay, Coach  NFL Hall Of Famer
it sure is, what's Saturday?
Lol
I doctoramed somebody missed me Wake up shake it off
Rockies outfielder Carlos Gonzalez joins the Score next at 8:25.
Check it out on AM1510!
Give us a call at 3032971510...
even a bowling ball can where a hat if you use your imagination
If you need a place to crash in Toledo on 12/18  don't mind cats/dogs let us know.
We're 10 mins from the venue.
If im tired when i wake up then in definitely not goun to school
Another piece of free art found!
RT : Just found some free art in hart plaza while urban disc golfing Thanks fafdet !
Anybody know what age is best for having a cat's vocal chords removed?
STAR SHIPS WERE ,MENT TO FLY HANDS UP AND TOUCH THE SKY
I am so blessed because I just got to watch my dad fall off the couch, it was absolutely hilarious.
HAHAHAHAHAHA
Haters gonna hate, Potatoes gonna potate.
LOL
Tune in on your mobile device,Pc,Tablet or any internet device check out news,events ,station Dj Bios,Around the way models
Hey Smiley w/some pretty wild english on teh long game today.We're all starting to suspect it's really danish :
There have been no recent accounts about bullying behavior by mister Romney, points out.
Recent Case Result: 2.4 M  Wrongful Death  A woman fell due to defective stairs at a commercial facility.
Her injuries resulted in death.
card stuff its been to long
Hi babe :
QF pleased to be in such distinguished company : New suggestions for you: , and 
There is plenty of living proof that ugly girls exist, they are all over Clark
I know I'm late but Ron Artest name is now World Peace I'm Ctfu right now
Needless to say.
I accepted the challenged
haha duh!
What are you doing this weekend?
im never on twitter :
Soft shell crab with avocado, cucumber and heirloom tomato salad at
Yea and so is Jamie Moyer...
it's a louisville slugger
Hearing old woman groan happy mother's day on phone and realizing the magic is once again gone.
I just added my favorite places to eat to my blog including:
Last day at pla12.
This has been a wonderful conference  Philadelphia is a lovely city.
Monitoring 2 programs, then seeing Betty White!
:
No problem!!!
hey brothers God has called Pastor Jason Queen to open a Church at SDSU San Diego!
Please check us out at
maybe a party
Pls Join us today at 2pm in the University Playhouse for MNL Learning Center Groundbreaking Ceremony.
Come celebrate MNL's transformation!
U SLEEP LOL ?
About to hop on some codmwf3 and try to play with my dude
: New year, new resolutions.
Become a mentor for an at risk kid today.
1 hr a day b/t 56pm woo I start next week!
: Big 6 won't doctorp doctor.
We little guys are thinking about it.
Worth the risk of piracy?
Come to the popup today from 3:304PM at the tables near the AAM bookstore.
Theme is Creative Community.
What's it mean to you?
I don't care what cha say, sponge bob square pants can't teach me siht!!!
I see you also have reading comprehension issues.
I respond to your question with a reasonable answer, you send me bullshit.

Let's trend 19MillionMonsters
Nice new professorle pic Buddy!
Its Wednesday!
That means tomorrow is Thursday!
:
What paparazzi not for you!
WTF.
Happy belated birthday, gorgeous!
kisses
It's cold out today !
yes i agree harry it does thats why i dont eat them!!
HAHAHA love your tweets harry3
Ankles pretty sore 24 hours after the race.
Medicine is bottle of wine and a Celtic win!
We hope you enjoyed your stay at Hotel Carlton.
Come back and visit us again soon!
465 is one hot mess today
Usually that chunk::new OOSS error occurred while JVM was not at max heap usage, and OS still had plenty of room too
spot on, Tim.
Boring hockey.
Touch to watch for even the most die hard of fans
1/3rd through 'The Art of Fielding.' Really loving the college president and his daughter.
The Flaming Dames in The 7 Sexy Sins tonite , 15 W.
Division  9:30pm.
Upstairs in the loft.
doctornk specials  full menu!!
Youve got to stand for something, or youll fall for anything.
Watching Bethenny Ever After.
Why doesn't DC have a doctorbar?
A place for only blowouts AND they serve fun cocktails?
Yes, please!
Heaven.
then some time this week ill have to be creative lol.
i bought orange and silver yesterday.
im starting to collect haha
Beautiful day!
And what better way to spend it than sitting for HOURS at LAX waiting for our flight.
WTF vacation...
is on and im thinking about
Norman Mailer's Maidstone is finally coming out on DVD and I am going to watch it, god help me....
Will do...it is a matter of who gets to eastern Connecticut first!
Well, you can be sure that no rain is going to come along and wash that start of a tan away!
Cause.it is an app that rewards volunteers with discounts to local businesses: galvanizing both nonprofessorts and businesses...
I  google  myself:
Comprised of.
Like a dagger through the heart every single time.
, please help.
If it cost Jesus His life did you think you would get it for free??
insert moneyshot here
If you have a problem, don't say, 'God, I have a problem' but instead; 'Hey Problem, I have a God and everything will be okay!
Your welcome : muchlove  arent you the girl that Austin follows on Instagram??
hahaha.
we goin to the big SB this to
Time for sleep!
Lol
My name must taste so good.
Nobody can keep it out of their mouth!
3
It's going to be a really busy April!
Let the busy season begin!
aww I love it!!
Good job ;
But seriously...
I think we may need to have an intervention.
Norah Jones bro?
Someone get me Diplomatic Immunity 2 STAT.
Reuniting families is once again at the forefront of immigration legislation
How many of you have an important date tattooed on your body?
I just think what if all the wind stoped in that area and moved to an other area
TONIGHT  PRINT TICKET OUT SAVE 5 and SEE BRENDON WILLING JAMES and SAINT JOHN!!
Getting The iPhone 4s In Two Weeks With BestFriendSWAG xD
At Dallas Love Airport  I'll miss Tejas.
You would get Human Resource/ Performance Development!
RT : Q1 What if HR was all focused on human resources?
If we measured wealth in highfives, i would be an extremely wealthy woman.
Students are back in town.
Which means there are a lot of whores on the loose, hide your boyfriends!
im pretty sure you always add some sort of emoticon to the end of your tweets but they always turn out like rectangles on my end
No problem let's talk Teamwork make the doctoramwork :
the office closes at 4
Was that Puffy or Diddy?
Looking forward to a sekrit flash mob in Scottsdale this afternoon.
Really no idea how it's going to go...
wish us luck!
whats good cgod?
from what i gather a k is 2, hit 2 a homer is like 15 solo.
RBI change the it
Its my friend birthday today!!!!!
please tweet her!!
3
Happy Mothers Day to all of the Moms out there!!
You're loved and appreciated
Stubbed my toe on my suitcase a few minutes ago : still hurts like krazy
you gotta sip and savor, not shoot!
Should be doing homework :/
Slowly improving.Lungs r biggest issue  muscle weakness.
Now we r watching  waiting.
Thx 4 all ur prayerswe need them.
My feet hurt so bad because SOMEONE didn't give me a foot massage today!
I would do completely the wrong graph on my math test
I ALREADY BOUGHT THE TICKETS , ROW 2 :D
mindless RT if ur mindless and u love mindless behavior
Another FIRE joint with
I've been everywhere LMFAO jk I moved to ny...
Text me..
What are you up to for MDW??
dang it!
I wish I was there so we could hang out  write  stuff!!!
I hope you have a great trip  an amazing show though :
Gogogogogogogo !!!
Now I'm wishing we came to Biloxi again!
Gl tomorrow!
MAKE IT SO!
Rookie Mistake....
jus did i fuks wit it
Hello, I'm launching a new pageant blog and would like to give Forplai away as a gift.
Where can I purchase Forplai?
Wish will reply to me!!!
I really need advice for snowboarding to calm my nerves!!!
PLEASE KENDALL!!!!
I wish he would follow me!
Is Johnson done for the day ?
There could never be a Narcissists Annonymous.
Hello Mz E.
check it out...ain't no change in the weather..ain't no changes in me....too many people wit us never stop this team
: best.
Snl.
Character.
Ever.
link?
This is my house, So im player.1 DyrdekNikki
Check out my website at  www.sandovalnation.webs.com for zombie survival tips
is that a fart joke?
Well, there's no accounting for taste but I am much obliged.
Sometimes I wonder how many girlfriends has ?
;
Indoor painting.
Another rainy day!!.
: Class grind hard in may...
Yay I miss u :
bring it on, bro.
DO IT.
Welcome to May!!
May you have a great day!!
May you have a great month!!
Cheers!!
:
Same time tomorrow night, but it's for real.
What do they say about rehearsal the night before?
I'm certain tomorrow will be phenomenal!
Got the 1 medium doctornk and refilled it instead of the 1 large at McDonalds because I conserve.
I love this commercial
kinda wanted runner up 2win but happy with thewinner.Everyone looked amazing!
searching for an HR Manager and HR Director for Indianapolis SHRM HumanResources Hiring Manufacturing Resume to
Minds are like parachutes, they function only when open.
Anonymous
Texans start the game off right with a 60yard kickoff return, soon followed by a 40yard field goal.
Some guy tried to sell me an 18k gold necklace for 20...
He eventually confessed that he stole it, lol.
no!!
I NEVER got em!
I'm sorry 3
If the Chicago region were a country, it would be the worlds 20th largest economy.
er can't wait over 7mos for BD part 2
I need to learn to take care of my phones or pay for an ext warranty I go through about 46 phones a year.
...isn't measured by...
Now off to NYC to burn up the Garden.
Let's go Heat.
Teresa West set the record for changing of TP rolls at 2.5 seconds  unbelievable!
That is what good leadership is all about!
Working on string arrangements for World Outreach in Murfreesboro for Easter.
Michael W.
Smith is their guest.
Hence my delay on HR edits.
if Twitter supports the olympics regulations, only a matter of time til all team/leagues will want this
you anti never hear no freak shxt like this llsss
Hanging with the hubs and getting ready to go get some food from !
So looking forward to a Doner!
Dude sucha bitch
Found the lacquer man!
Also, what's a lacquer?
It is a happy chance if we, changing, continue to love a changed person
How soon any other wishesintroduced themselves I can hardly tell, but I believe in about half anhour after I had seen you
you a nasty freak
Oh my god.
Let's hope haha
I'm honored
Dear, Jerry, can you say, Unhealthy obsession?
:P LOL!
Sittin' at work listening to Miles Davis' Bitches Brew.
I never knew this office could feel so damn creepy..
watching Pens Flyers two teams who didn't use the old injury card and somehow managed to play good hockey without key players.
Sorry for over tweeting.
I hope you like the pictures :
He obviously creeps on our convos all the time XD
this movie is truly a gem....
Take care of your body.
It's the only place you have to live.
Jim Rohn
I agree that it was a great way to finish the show!!
My pleasure.
The guide is pretty neato.
See you Thursday!

HAPPY MOTHERS DAY  to the key QUEEN!!
I'm so glad you enjoyed your rainbow unicorn!
3
Insanity day 18 !!
Plus yoga meltdown !!!!
And just for fun a lil gym time tonite.
I know it is Saturday but we should not give up on out fitness goals.
I am fitting in my slim in 6 workout before I go hangout at with...
Al Michaels would definitely make a Williams 4/20 joke though.
LOL!
I know, I know.
RT : why are you still up...better yet why are you still up AND tweeting imjustsaying
You're welcome!
Thank YOU, Marilyn.
Please send questions or comments as you continue watching.
We're here and we listen.
: See you there!
RT : tompetty concert tonight!!!!!!!
So excited!!!!
how long did he play?
I really dont get twitter at all
Coming up next: professor Brenberg's 80s Thursday song request!
Come by Student Services to find out what it is!
My stomach hurts, Im hungry.
11am show this morning for school groups at Times Square Arts Center
justus preview online this weekend!
the Pens never challenged the goalie, where as Philly took the puck to the net as well as shoot it from the perimeter.
JOKE
Funny thing, Jennifer goes there a lot too, and I'm waiting for my parents house to be rebuilt in September to visit.
Faster PussyBoner!
Kill!
Kill!
That's okay, it happens.
And yeah, I was there too from 11:30 to around 3.
Didn't see you.
It was a very enjoyable experience!
Become an Affiliate.
100 Pure, All Natural, Vegan Skin  Hair Care Products.
No Hidden/Questionable Ingredients.
beautysnatural.com
sometimes I wish I was strong enough to let go.
Good review, I think doctor Fly misses the mark because it's bottled at 40 Bernheim is 45.
Long day of shit
just released yesterday.
Check it out on itunes
Thank you.
It was such fun.
ME TOO we can all be equally BROKE!!
I doctorpped it on the stairs.
Today's cardio: running with Darla, jump roping, and just dance
ah, true...i am all confused still...i was at costco earlier and saw all the summer stuff, but my mind is still thinking rain LOL
Number game is on Twitter too??
If u want, message me numbers :
My kids and their friends are out in left field so my daughter can doctorol over Brauny :
Long day ahead of me.
We were able to raise what we need to help with the cremation/block memorial for Norman.
Thank you all for having such amazing hearts
Thx for the luv!
RT Celebratory last class chocolate milkshakes with at  So good every time.
Never trust a computer you can't throw out a window.
Steve Wozniak
Hang in there.
All my best.
Developers walking us thru the first rev of the BIG IDEA at 10 PM tonight!
Such is the schedule when working with offshore talent.
I'm still a democrat but I like his views!
Hahaha!
How do you spell that?
Jillip??
and so have a bromance.
It's too obvious.
;
Been at Mandalay Bay since 1  it's 4:00 pm: this is hella bomb!
ILOVE this weekend so far, we're going to go eat laterBye:
i hate the fact now a days you cant trust no one.
Several of us tweet  the one who tweeted that wasn't around for that doctorma  obviously typoed.
But the answer is Both.
:p
Dude, Diablo 3 comes out in four days.....I AM THIS EXCITED.
hugs better?
good.
slap now stop acting like a pussy...
; 
RT : WB Whitehurst Frwy/Disable auto blocking 1 lane/MPD on scene w/flares/brief delays/take M St as alt route/7066
You are very welcome!
I changed, I went under this totally diff Lydia.
When the dust settle I didnt know me and I couldnt recognize the me I became
2 babies and the dog are napping, and I'm doctoroling over the rainbow that is the NOV issue of Can you say heaven?
I can!
ENGLISH AP EXAM 2RW!
AH!!!!!!
MY BRAIN IT HURTS!
LOL Wish My Ass Luck, Imma Need IT!
Heslip 1 on 1 w Wiltjer.
The non athletic segment of the broadcast
my third fave song from him .
3
Author Explores a New Scientific Theory and Evidence
There are so many new music genres out there, compared to the 70s!
fine goodnight everybodeh.
Wait, the purpose in life isn't to please everybody else?
Oh!!
I get it.
Guess I didn't get that memo
oh nevermind sorry for my
Thanks for the RT!
Oh yes!!
Thanks.
Surrender this whole weekend were open sat sun so get ready!
Only place to be
professorssional massage by ME urs truely  for only 35hr.
We are open tomorrow at www.hairinthecity.me check us out if you need a new style.
People are Lovin the new Gemeinhardt saxes!
You're up now, too?
I'm doing work while is visiting  fast asleep.
What's wrong with us?
Watching Empire Strikes Back tonight.
welp i found my car,now just need to figure out why i smell like camp fire
It's often a military and law enforcement thing...
just speaking from personal experience and observation.
:
Haunt should read home.
Hey there!!
I really appreciate the follow!!
Have a great night
SHOT OUT!
Flatstock 29 is in full effect FREE  open to the public!!
Austin Convention Center Ballroom A 116pm
Thought Browns should have taken a WR with this pick; although an Olineman will help Trent Richardson's value moving forward.
: Sweet!
the Tie goes home and we get !
Let the second wave of Armageddon happen!
okweather Wife  I said the same!
is really pretty.
you should marry her
Huntsman: 30 of Americans are now college graduates
This cute little baby next to us keep waving at me and playin peekaboo lol
Insomnia is a Bitch
Sorry, I knew I should have stopped at 37...
lmao.
We're small but vocal!
how does one watch BBCSixNations on the BBC Sports website or other online services???
6 more days till i retire
Catalina McLoughlin Monday May 24th ShopBest Business Presentation and Training Featuring Special Guest, Founder Tim Taylor Location: Crown
yep, it's still up
Dat boy noah from da bulls look like he been chewing on TNT sticks
Thank you!
Stacy Francis just won the X Factor competiton with that audition.
There is no need to do not one other audition!
Hey send the boys to after they leave tomorrow night!
I'm spinning on the main floor.
happy mothers day!
42 straight ratatat songs later and this essay is
The new mix on Hype machine is killing !
Spring 2012 Commencement: ...
Integrated Studies, and Natural Resources Management.
The 10 am Saturday ceremony was for the schools o...
Having dinner  sensu!
Can't wait for taste of fashion  sensu during Midwest fashion week, October 21st!
Designers are ready!
Life is much easier if you also give things up to your higher power
Still weirded out someone's gotta inspect my apt tho
that's good to hear!
I'm doing good.
Troy often reminds me of someone great, but since he's a sworn enemy, I won't say who.
We definitely need that news today!
Brrr!
Shivering in North Texas  but it's great Sup Bowl weather!
What are the ties between magnetism, gravity, and electricity?
What is gravitational lenseing?
It's national bike to work day and I can say I won't be participating
Watched Midnight in Paris last night.
Not a winner.
I was disappointed.
Day Planners?
Leave them behind.
I just looked at my ass to make sure I didn't laugh it off because I'm laughing so hard right now
3 words, 2 seconds, 1 moment: Thank You Lord
Everyone do me a favor n go follow give em a S/O.
People trying to make a change.
Hi Luke.
Smiles
you got your first pair?
Wow you got this stream up just in time.
Two adiPure goals back to back.
I cannot stop until I get my fairytale ending 3
Scariest doctoram of my life, holy fuck.
53 more likes and we will put up another song!
Come on you Can do it!!!!
:D
i'll take that waffle recipe, please!
It should be, but there's a ton of good chatter on ASTD12 also
mm thank so
If you think getting up on Sunday morning is hard, try rising from the dead!
Spelling error I meant cartilage bones contain it, makes sense eating the broth from beef bones builds your joints

our understanding is departments have built their schedules.
It would be best to follow up with English dept.
MFS acting phoney as hell though its all good.
barbarians vrs.
librarians is still my personal favorite for the day
There's something so refreshing  exciting about working for a start up.
should agree.
;
Hey, thanks for the memoir love!
You nailed itI wanted DKTBG to interest those without allergies as much as those with 'em.
Am watching all these movies episodicallyhave an hour left from TRANSFORMERS 3don't kill me people when I say I LOVE them.
SO fun...
You've got my heart
Texas sucks!
Looking forward to US Ag Info Network conference in 2 days!
.
Class today from 12pm3pm w/Science Adventure Kids!
NY1 video practice.
Meet West 59th amp; 7th:
Canons of page construction No longer apply, the web is different thereis no fixed canvas in web design.
Enter responsive web design.
lovely to meet you as well!!!
Awesome job!
Look forward to collaborating one day!
:
Congratulations !
Even if you blocked me.
OMG I totally agree!!
It like eating shit that's been sitting in the sun all day!
Check out the new Funk/Rock projectwww.CitizenRhythm.com
I'm about to piss in my pants omfg ;; I think someone is in my house.
Omfg kms.
This homework just gave me a headache!
I'm shocked that you NFL types actually like Nessler despite the fact that he calls college games
Most of the bills congress writes have loopholes in enforcement to allow donors  cronies to professort at expense of taxpayer!
Every production of an artist should be the expression of an adventure of his soul.
W.
Somerset Maugham
hey: im tanning!
Haha
Bring the Future to Life Colette Vardeman,
And I am really hoping that you did not waste your time doctorving Sunday.
We are open next two Sundays.
My night ?
So far, so good
you are awesome.
and when we come to your town  guest list tix!
At the Riot Room in Kansas City waiting for the wallofguitars psychedelic rock to begin :
Come see us!
Wilmington isn't THAT far : RT : Congrats on your win!
The store looks awesome.
Do you do freelance PR work?
Need to generate more exposure for Unstoppable Comics.
Ain't that the truth.
XD
Just added to May 5 w/ at the Raleigh Convention Center!
NC, it's been too long!
Everyone's ballin today
Well it's that time again.
Mom has 2 go 2 work, I need my beauty sleep and the dog has to poop.
Have a good evening all!
Goodnight!
xoxoxo
It's the arrogance that the MSMers don't think WE'LL do the Google search
NO ONE WINS ROUND 5 OF GTS
Walkable mixed use
Hoping for a fast Tuesday!
game tonight, and it's bobblehead giveaway!
My collection needs a hockey addition.
HipHop Will Never Die Because the love she has for so many
you should sing on American Idol!!!
You would be amazing :
I wish Saturday would last more than 24 hours!
Aiight LAkerFam...
It's been nice...
COD time now.
Holla at me on that Black Ops.
GT: misterHolla Back
Okay, slowly getting back to normal, and all of our HT fits in the new pad.....score on that, time to relax
told me to follow you!
Yea for sure RT : So...Joker: Hot Seat?
Yea/Nay?
Buckets and the red wings
hey Star can u please follow me and tell to follow me too please
lauren, lauren, lauren, lauren, pajuo
Congrats to da refs for giving da win to Boston but Miami gna make it farther then them so it's all good
Good afternoon everyone
Watching the Channel 7 coverage of Oakland now.
insomnia you're such a biatch!
What's a gurl gotta do to get some sleep around here?!?
thank you very much!
That means a lot to me.
Glad I can make a Positive impact : thanks for your support!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Peninsula Hotel  Luxury Hotel
What is life like now that you're engaged?
the way you picture yourself is distorted.
thinking about watching a movie on netflix and debating between Red Dawn 1984 and Walker.
Seattle chocolate lovers attend Seattle's Holiday Tweet doctorve benefiting 
We just added Road Show to Voodoo doughnuts tonight.
It rumbles the whole place when the shaker motor goes off.
I don't think I've ever been so sick in my life
My little brother just hit the lady in the booth behind us with a French fry..
She yelled,Somebody just hit me with something!!
I'm dying
blaze one for the nation
I DNT like Cooking but I do MISS Cooking for Him
Was thinking about the Bromance Chamber when I read that piece.
Sure doesn't make Path look very sophisticated.
First Date Impressions First impressions are important make them count.
Here are some tips
Just DL'd that..
Lemme know if its worth my time  : Bout to watch Contraband
walk by faith and not by sight...were all the same colour when you turn out the light...
I know 3
That sounds very cool.
What industry?
Some days, and out of nowhere, you just have the Match Game theme music in your head.
What is my next big idea gonna be.
Hm....
Just waking up in my last day of vacation...
pink Friday is out nicki minaj is the badest
awww thanks!
You gave me one!
11:11 comes twice a day because everyone deserves a second chance.
Our group of friends met through our kids 12 years ago.
This year 3 graduate.
Next year 2 more.
It has been a vapor.
Nothing like eating leftover outdoorgrilled hot dogs for lunch to feel like you're having a picnic at your desk.
So nice sleeping with the windows open!
The lovely hum of the ghetto bird always puts me to sleep!
Yes, dear?
I got mad respect for my wife.
That is, I'm mad, but I have to respect she makes more money than I do.
Feeling like I've been run over by a semi truck sucks.
A lot.
Happy New Year everybody.
I'm all over watching Anderson  Kathy tonight!
Tonight we are young!!
Direct addoctorss comma.
Good morning everyone.
Time for coffee and get this day going.
This shitty cold rain needs to go as well.
Heading over to whiskey bar for the flashesofhope event!!
So happy to be part of such a wonderful cause.
Thank you !!
please come to ohio this summer.
Current Knicks and former Nuggets coach Mike D'Antoni coming up!
AM 1510
we're not quite ready to announce location for Wed.
series but stay tuned.
We'll keep you updated as soon as we're all set!
RT : It is Free For All Friday.
Chatty Cathy Night.
We are just going to have fun.
Can you afford to be open with all these emotions...
Are the lakers in the market for anyone?
I hate when grown ppl can't handle shit like an adult.
love your hair :
You ladies have fun in Austin!
Wish I was there.
Love ya both TONS!
Don't do anything I wouldn't do.
;
I've been looking at pictures of food for 20 minutes.
God, I'm hungry...
I followed you
Would love to see Ron Burgundy on this
has a new mix done, it is funky as hell, classic  new shit, like your mom, IT BANGS!!!
wanna hear it?
you write or we can do video segments
Oh Thank you!
We love meeting new thinkers on the scene in Austin.
Getting a flu shot at Disco Kroger just seems so...sketchy.
And yet, here I am.
is my idol 3
Haha YES.
RT At least Grace and Carl get along.
;
Brandon Vicens clears the bases for Heritage and now the Patriots have taken the lead, 43 over Pompano in the fifth.
Rolling out with my ninjas ;
CRM can be a catalyst for firm change.
People can certainly use the tool in different ways  produces new behaviors for all.
cc'
So has made it to my AP Environmental Science class with I can count to potato'
Leo Kottke channeling Gary Busey tonight.
Very funny.
Also plays the guitar fairly well.
thanks for the love!
withh my babe
Forum on Use of doctornes Within U.S.
coming up on CSPAN at 12:15 pm.
Scary real.
crushing in San Diego.
Weird?
No.
Awesome.
Tonight's a good night to watch The Rules of Atraction.
Wonders what this world would be like if nobody was poor or homeless!
It's 5 o'clock somewhere...
Pete and David Coors talking about Coors legacy.
6:20am MT on Colorado's Morning News.
The background for today's presentation is a picture of City Hall, feels like I am looking at home.
It is 2:18AM in Malaysia.
Andy is there, building al the things.
Today we remember the heroes, the victims and a nation forever changed.
God bless you and God bless America.
The Beatles  Something
Haha!
I shall look forward to reading them!!
Busy day today!
Almost done with the new issue and can't wait to push it out to you all.
63degrees here in Mesa AZ not cold
you need to catch up :p
training session with jamie tonight.
i will be tweeting my last will and testament all day.
Anyone else disturbed by the fact that American Apparel mannequins have such prominent nipples?
: Will Lauren be able to save Kaylie?
What do you guys think?
MIOBIYES!
GO LAUREN!!!
Heading to Ohio tomorrow for commercial shoot.
You cannot find peace by avoiding life.
Virginia Woolf
Raining elephants out here!
My producer thinks my hair looked good today even though I didn't do anything to it  I was standing in the rain ;
And I'm going to the game tomorrow.
Greaatt
3WordsForYou I rock Jesus!
Pssh.
You were preoccupied.
And I'm an ARTIFICIAL ginger.
:P
welcome back la la la la!
they are both figure, awesome!
I'm competing in bikini for my first show, very sassy  that's where I struggle!
I miss my hunny when he goes to work :
Idk WHY most guyz don't get it.
I'm not submissive to ANYONE.
I speak my mind.
If u don't like it, don't waste my time.
I was wondering who would call me out on that as I hit the Tweet button.
You're correct, of course.
My mom thought it was twit instead of Tweet Lil
why won't this g damned m fucking directory info burn properly?
m fucking titty essing t balled bitch.
How kind.
Thank you Uncle Paulie.
We really ARE the other 99.
Believe that.
Things are changing and for the way better.
We hope you had a great time at Oz!
Please come again soon :
now I'm tweeting  you : lol
that would be so fun!
Areal estate agent with a strong set of diverse skills  with knowledge of the local market is essential to optimizing return on investment.
Too bad CBS will not program Saturday.
It is the one network that can.
hey there!
shoot us an email at supportsimplymeasuredcom and we'll help you out!
VERY cool site.
I will be visiting some of those places for sure..
sometime other than tomorrow.
70 chance rain
Nah.
lol.
I'm cool!
thx beauty!
Everything about u is fierce!
Xo!
;
Ah dang I better unfollow you, you spoke the truth ;P
Oh I see the silent treatment
Apparently I'm staying right by the Mutter Museum for acrl2011.
This calls for a field trip!
Fuck all the bullshit.
I've got a Green Bay Packers Football game to attend.
...
lol, would you be hella pissed at me?
Or do you not care too much?
TeamNoFeelings ?
Gateway Mortgage Group Expands into St.
Louis with the Opening of Two Branches
Blackhawks game is off to a heated start.
Are you watching it at Theory?
We've got great specials for ya!
heayy why not,,,, you and me
I hate texting people first.
I feel awkward, annoying and unwanted.
At The Duece ...
Kevin and Delana Harvick just showed up.
Probably a bad coax install.
Had signal doctorps in my setup, took several techs to redo it properly.
ah, soon as I tweet that, a man painted orange arrives to conduct the wave
Lmfao , Yeah !
I'm Already Making Scholarships And Shit !
Lol your adorable
Rolling in the deep
This can be a good rivalry Heat vs Bulls but bulls better chill we ain't with that
oh haha I miss him..wish I could talk to him !
:P
The heartbreaking and wonderful book Joe Cinque's Consolation got pinged by just now.
Rode past That House every day as a teen.
hey u
: The more you know who you are, and what you want, the less you let things upset you.
Turning my site to a professorle, and soon releasing a magazine, music, health, advice, got a few writers, looking 4 more!
My Week with Marilyn was superb.
Bravo Michelle Williams.
I think I'm in love with Ms.
Monroe as well.
I can't, so you can have her tomorrow..
yeah I don't blame you at all!!!
Haha
Remember to springahead this weekend!
The clocks go forward Saturday at 2am!
I  !!
I uninstalled tweetcaster and reinstalled like u suggested and Wallah Magic!
My app works again :
motto for the day: give good, get good
Thank you for sharing them!
Me too.
Made me want to be a student again, or a photographer so I could do shoots in them.
We 3 Redoctorck Micro and Litepanels!
Thank you SO MUCH for your continued support of our movie!
You Help A Bitch They Dont Appreciate Shit
Indeed.
We knew every apartment had their water heaters in the same area so we only kept recycling and extra boxes in there.
Whatever you do, think not of yourself, but of God.
St.
Vincent Ferrer
got it
Suit up.
Square your shoulders.
Lipstick is optional...and fight for what you believe in Vic Johnson
: I'm still thinking on that; there is not a must see act for me this year.
You?I want to but don't know
I am a bit amazed, though...
Think it's the first time ever that an article about security awareness references sexy.
yeahh.
: how have u been?!
:p
It's awesome that the word nutsack is trending worldwide on Twitter!
Last high school game ever at 7 30 with the HF squad for the TOC Championship
I wanna sleep why can't I sleep.
Damn it!
: Going to the clippers game tonight!
Thanks to wifey!
Get to see slam on someone tonight
If this KS tornado crossed 55th  Broadway and 63rd  Hydoctorulic, as reported, that makes it approximately 1mile wide!
Sushi at Fishbones in SCS with hit the spot!
100 followers!
Thank you all so much!
I cant start a new business without running a great promotion  mention Twitter, 50 off a PC Tuneup
if target doesn't, hobby lobby has Easter stuff out and plenty of it.
My feet stink.
Please RT
I love that MTU is using the resources available to them to embrace mobile tech
Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records.
William Arthur Ward
Release feelings of overwhelm and inability to act caused by Im not enough with the word Empathy via
.
I don't even want to click on that!
Ew.
Did you enjoy a Hop n Top while there?
I'm only human.
Of flesh and blood I'm made...
loves explaining to unhappy yet muscular Obamatrons that Neoconservatism Aint All That Bad after all
sounds unnerving.
stay safe.
sick poster!:
It's nearly impossible to tell if you've gotten the car wash you've paid for.
HEADING OUT FOR A RIDEALONG WITH THE NEVADA HIGHWAY PATROL, TODAY!!
THIS is gonna be FUN!!
Love are 3/4 Curiosity.
We love new friends
ikkkkkk.
I was happy
...i.will be lol
that sounds delicious.
Our chefs make a salmon scrapple that's really good too.
the only thing left for Nash to do before taking a FT is checking the weather...
It's called Both of Us.
I don't know what I can do for you yet...
Have to watch that, even with 140 characters or less.
It has to be right?
I mean come on, a kid that age and with that talent
I've learned that bringing props to a training doesn't enhance the training unless you use the props for a particular purpose!
Omw to B.K with the fam
I cant sleep...
Tweeting from Google  gimme karma whore points!
Thanks man.
Happy to disappoint.
My neighbors bike got stolen, it's bright orange.
We live in the NOHO area of the valley.
Feel so bad for him.
When tells you about a secret door and you try to find it.
First impression Gio Gonzalez has great composure, variety of pitches, and very positive attitude.
big plans in store guys!!
get excited
Last time we saw him at Fenway, he was taking a fastball off his forehead.
Not a great memory.
Heading to the studio to record a couple of jazz tracks w/Davell Crawford  piano prince of N.O.
tonight.
Long overdue.
oh cool!
Not quite, but I got a spreadsheet of all the contacts.
Once I'm physically there I'll commence phase 2
Arrests made for those who stayed in park!
How Does It Feel To Be Mean' ?
Idk .
Postinq All Your Problems On Facebook , But Tellinq Everyone To Stay Out Your Business
THANKS!
We appreciate all you do in spreading the word.
Conversations are the way to victory.
Yes ma' am.
As far as I can tell, they never get up before noon unless it's a national emergency, like my leg hair.
point lol!
Because I'm over here wishing I HAD invested in apple, but what did I know?
I was 10!
lol
These cloudy days really do stink...
Matthew from Downton Abbey is coming to Broadway?
swoon
decide what/who belongs in your life and dont apologize for removing what doesn't!!
Tonight on OutdoorWisconsin, Dan joins Mounted Justice and tries cowboy mounted shooting with black powder revolvers.
On MPTV 10 at 8.
...
Friends are like little angles , If you fall they pick you up and show you how to fly  is one of these angles ILY !
we would do the same here.
They need the education for the future and just don't get it yet.
It was good.
We miss you brotha!
AUNT SARE IS HERE !!!!!
Wow!!!
Now I'm impressed!!
YES GIANTS!!!!!
And I wasn't even a believer in Manning...my hats off to you and ur team...
Are you kidding!
Nobody on picked the Young Buck Brandon Jennings!
I think my favorite post season of all professorssional sports would be NBAplayoffs.
Let's go
I get the gay reality and music shows but I really miss the movies...new actual gay and lezzy movies.
It might just be easier to entertain ourselves with Sock Puppet Theater.
Some spammer spoofed my email addoctorss and now I'm getting a flood of bounced messages advertising crap.
Grrrr.
Downloading BornThisWay Ball Audio :D
In Music Meeting Arcade Fire Ready To Start just what I wanted I like it
hi if you like art come check out our gallery/music space this Sunday, many out of town acts....should be good.
Just took a 3 hour nap!
EU Court Says Computer Functions Not Copyrightable
I am so glad the Patriots are restructuring 's deal so he can stay a Patriot.
He was such a valuable contributor this season.
What has been your favorite charity so far?
My..My...My...Truth may cut...but redemptive truth also heals...I feel my help coming...thanks for that doc...
Cold and snowy here.
Need to snowshoe again!
It's not a rumor, Hopple Popple is BACK!
Mattress King will be at the Boulder Home  Garden Fair on Sat, August 27th at the 29th Street Mall in Boulder.
Come hang with us!
that moment when you find out something you did not want to happen..
RT : will give away random gift cards for best Instagram photos taken at the PinkCarpetEvent tonight!
Mention us to enter...
Let's goo chicago bulls!!!
sweet!
I lived there for two years for university!
Have fun!
:D
Thanks for the Follow!
Ghost face: you better start running.
I don't hate you
Wish I went to art Basel :
I'm finally catching up with season 2 of Downton Abbey and...is it me, or are some of the plots a little outlandish?
doctorma causes us so much confusion, we miss the point,  don't speak substance.
In a surprising act of compassion, MichaelBay has decided NOT to shoot TF3 in 3D.
Test footage is said to potentially cause brain damage.
I hate Austin Mahone.
What a loser.
lmaoooooooo: Got a reality show coming out called Who Wants to be a Promoter?
idcf
Eight O'Clock Coffee Starbucks
Thanks for the scolding hot chicken.
I didn't need that skin on my hands anyway.
haveu ever heard of foxy brown the rapper?
That doesn't sound too fun.
If you're looking for a break, you can always try our website.
We find the sships for you.
The Feds did nothing today still riding on this fake wave a marginal recovery.
GNP got to get to 5 for a decent recovery.
Awww shucks twitter friends I didn't make the cut for the voice audition!
But it's all good no worries :
Holy crap TheAvengers was so amazing!
AUCI up 100 already in less than 5.5 trading hours off my bottom grab of 1,000,000 shares at .0011..
I see this getting to .004
Hug right back to you.
Have an awesome weekend.
Thanks a million for staying in touch.
20 This is my last 100factsaboutme tweet for now :
Colleague Diane Ehrenpreis speaks about Martha Wayles Skelton, wife of Jefferson, and her support of Virginia's troops in the 1780s.
Go get em.
Guv Patrick has MassGOALS performance management program.
Could auditor play bigger role in measuring progress?
EVERY time I watch GCB I tell myself, girl, you need to move to Texas and wrangle up a Southern boy!
Zoe Saldana did the damn thing in this movie!
Colombiana Why didn't I see this before?!!!!
ew!
me too!
Justin is creeping on 's account : hurry follow her if you want to be followed!!!.
AH BELIEVE IS GOING TO BE YOUR BIRTHDAY PRESENT AH CAN'T WAIT JUNE 19 BABY
I can do that I got the shirts!
You Follow Me Ill
I hate waiting on people.
NoTimeManagement Except for my brother
lol thanks you too!
great professorle, thx for the follow
Will Dalton: We are Always where we are supposed to be all the time!
Happy 2011 2 u all!!!
Hope it's a gr8 one ;
I want to come to your school so that I can go to your cultural series.
Maybe one day I'll start one...
I'm looking for a PHP developer with database experience for a project I have.
Budget is in place and is a paying gig.
least you call him  text him back , unlike your best friend .
thanks .
RT : AUCohort13 is putting out the AmericanObserver today.
Follow our coverage of the Japanese Festival at
ok!
For sure tho:p.
Kronwall is a beast!!!
Time to write an article  press release.
Back to work on the childoctorn's guides.
Archaeology Expo a success this weekend.
Need more sleep.
Umm...
could have used Caron guarding Gay on that play.
Coach Del Negro?
Coach?
Vin?
Today: Altered States; 5 Year Engagement; The Wedding Singer; Trainspotting with quite a mixed bag.
After I finish this
Something's gotta give!
Time to switch it up a bit.
Haha.
Well as usual thank you for writing.
Can't get enough
thanks man miss yal
I have decided that after my show ends in March.
I will grow out a mustache as awesome as your beard.
i can't sleep D;
never said that.
i said lebron vs kobe storyline would be a lot more exciting than anything else.
its historic.
Have the right attitude!
Andy is an angry elf
Yes they are!
Have u been to the San Marcos Outlet stores???
Does anyone know of a site where I can get a free flash template for a outdoor based website
Been so weakened by allergies this whole week.
Not going to gym and been eating fat and carbs a lot
you don't.
Waiting at the dentist's office to get my teeth cleaned!!
So freakin hungry!!
haha good I know I am so sryy I know how much u love to cuddle with meh ;
How did Billy Cundiff miss that field goal with the game on the line.
Pathetic.
Oh jeez...
I even have hate for them!
Yesterday select Harriet Fulbright College students were treated to a lecture and tour at the Ronald Regan International Trade Center.
Thanks for tweeting about the Local Arts Classroom, Jennifer!
please follow me 3 I love you.
inshallah tonight.
Im stacked with classes on Wednesdays.
i know!
I am trying to watch on my AppleTV!
Lol no!
Babies are bad if you aren't married silly girl
2011 taught me the lessons that 2012 will require of me to put into practice.
I need someone to talk to on twitter .
any takers?
You rock for reaching out to lost teens!
Still miss the glory days, er..., mornings at fox.
Keep up the good work
I Think Your Mouth Should Be Quiet, Cause It Never Tells The Truth
Curiosity is one of the permanent and certain characteristics of a vigorous intellect.
How do you work it?
Lmao, I need to know before an hour!
What you say, seems like you don't want In this
I want a guy best friend :
Thanks for the shoutout!
You're pretty awesome yourself.
not from Canada but like mine regular from my NewEngland upbringing.
Sometimes you have to beat them with love, choke them with kindness and cover them with hope.
Please remember to be thankful this weekend on this Resurrection Sunday  Peace and Love
RT : Eyehategod on a boat!
500 will head out at 8 PM, how many will return?
Can somebody just please be my 4,000th follower and take me out of my misery?
im good!hbu?
He's mailing absentee ballots to 'supporters' so how many out of state donors are sending in ballots?
When you're gone the pieces of my heart are missing you.
I miss you!
but I would also like to see what you've got in mind for a writer's group.
If they make The Dance let's hope the schedulers show mercy on all of us and slot them in the Thursday 12pm'er
Fantastic.
Beyond the predictable awe  insperation is an amazing sense of humor.
Insight that's aplicable to our field too.
On Friday the 13th yet!
Today was so fun
My favorite 2012 ticket?
Barack Obama for President.
Joe Biden for Vice President.
Donald Glover for Vice Vice President.
Lauryn Hill, Bob Marley, Tupac...they were saying stuff society needed to hear!
I think the Colts grab a QB in round 1...but I am just guessing
I haven't really been out in Avon much or playing any bball
I'm trying to hate on Vocal Adoctornaline right now..
but yo..
Unique is killin it!
Yes, I took a day off so I could get up early for I think I just crossed some sort of foodie line.
The RT/MT question taps into academic writing, I think.
When writing a paper, a quote !
a paraphrase.
RT KayyChev Beer beer beer I want an Ice cold beer no surprise here lmao
ewww, I thought the promise of scala that you could run it in well understood java containers were that it was easy to scale
see, you CAN get through!
so close!!
Does anyone know fan mail addoctorss..?
Packers doctorft DE Nick Perry with the 28th pick in the
v on stage at Ted  hope they post this too!
I have some people developing an organization to raise money for a new laptop since mine was stolen  broken.
No matter how sleepy I may have been: please forgive me for mis spelling Leslie Nielson!
And again RIP
Sleep is calling ha
Last tweet about sagawards, Viola Davis had me in tears.
I voted for many that didn't win, but couldn't be happier for all those that did.
You don't have to more you don't have to speak
Dare to walk into a room and tell a story  louder is not better.
Screaming is not singing.
Make them come to YOU.
CREATE A MOMENT!

go to Taylor  Amber's wedding:
Rajon Rando has 4 15plus assist games this season.
That ranks 2nd in the league to a guy that has done it 10 times.
MORE THAN DOUBLE.
RT : Wonderful day brunch, hangs, desserts, sunshine, hippo head, real talk.
People who work  Fritz are so nice.
LISTEN TO US ON THE RICKEY SMILEY MORNING SHOW
Thank you and wishing you all the best also.
Again Happy birthday!
:
follow back?
Niall .
it would mean so very much lol
Heading out from Seattle to Chicago midday.
Entering a tweet free zone.
More later.
Very Refreshed.
Gotta shower than head To work.
: 3.
Great day for Seafair!
Happy Sunday everyone!
It's early, but checkin is open here at RIT for BarCamp Rochester!
MT : ncpol county election canvass Tue 5/15 to certify county totals.
State canvass TBA.
Amendment effective when SBoE certifies
The Son's animal is licking me.
I know she means well, but yuck.
SEALS, Marines and RealLife Secret Agents Use To Keep In Peak Shape!
Hey man, did you ever decide if you wanted that small Timbers kit?
Wanna try to sell it this week to get the donation before Sat.
Five minutes later...still watching Baker Cat
Ya i know so  lets book events for this summer..i would do spring break but im already booked for Peru  Vegas.
Newthanksgivingsongs Gimme Gimme Some Stuffing.
Spencer Davis / Blues Bros.
haha I kno I kno!!!
I love you girl : you've always had my back
thank u
are you going to be in any broadway shows in NYC, I promise I will see it!
Fall down seven times, get up eight.
I give weekly staff lunch mtgs.
to discuss these issues re: 'good comm  lobbying skills' wkshp at next MW
but I'm proud of him though  he had his first concert : they grow up so fast sniffle sniffle :'
Joshua Bell, who performs with the CSO in September, just kicked off Classical Night on DWTS.
Talk about a tough act to follow!
if you follow me..
I get 20  ..
But that's not the only reason..
You're my mother : iloveyou!
Thank you!
and I are so thrilled to be a part of this great Team!!!!!
I'll never be perfect, you just have to accept the fact that I am who I am.
livegive i had it bad once i burned my arm somehow and it was huge and gross and still got a scar!
NyQuil might be overkill for a small headache, but I'm rather enjoying it...
Late night runs 
i told my momma we b rich one day but who knw it come tomorrow now these niggas got they hand out
wait, you have a wife!?!?!?
Congratulations!
Best podcasts around including the Czar.
:
Ugh almost 200 a month for cable and this shit is best they can do
Happy Stabiversary to Joe Koenen!
What a guy, glad you made it through.
Whataburger and daylight saving time
Get out of here!
They don't want anyone to pay their bill, I'm guessing.
Remember how he reformed the Texas education system?
Didn't quite stick.
Good stuff!
Those scuttles look awesome.
Def better than my bowlinhotsinkduringshowerthenhopeitstayswarm method.
Really?
I can.
Star players didn't step up.
Need to unload Semin and perhaps others.
Holtby is a huge plus for the future
maybe blazers don't know?
Idina's on hope she has more screentime soon
The madonnas of Leningrad / Debra Dean
Anyone wanna see Gomez tomorrow night?
Ack, see!
Even tweeps indicate how much I need to learn.
Today is beyond terrible, I just wanna go home and cry.
Unreal game.
Beyond Tcamp12 brainstorming session was amazing!
Lots of great ideas!
Any interest in multilingual Global TransparencyCamp Wiki?
OMG OMG OMG Robert follows me 3 :D
then she not bad until she 2 then watch out lol
We just waited an hour to hear Arnold Schwarzenegger speak for 30 seconds.
I hate ghetto hoes with small ponytails....looking like the end of a paintbrush and shit 
Shout out to my sister who is graduating with 2 degrees and a minor and who is 4 in her IUPUI class.
:
anyone have any recommendations for a teamspeak hosting service?
Looking for one for this summer's ds106 edition.
.
.
I just love math so freaking much!
Awww :/ my pick diddnt make it oh we'll I still have 2 more to go !!
Tough Question: Game's I remember for excitement.
Tuck Rule.
Bears v Card Let em off the hook.
Helmet Catch might win.
Welcome and to twitter!!!
Wanna join Zipcar today?
We're giving 75 doctorving credit to today's signups!
DM us for details
I figured that silly.
lol I mean what time??
you cooking?
Wow.
I've just learned, via , that postal voting is mandatory in Oregon.
What if scandal breaks on November 1st?
Cubs pitchers don't have a single hit this year...028.
Wow...getting ZERO production from 789 spots...just like my coed softball team.
Worship  Manifestation!!!
Ugh, find an escape route!!!!
I think I do, too.
Don't they make a shampoo for those yet?
Thanks very much...The Newport looks great!
Teaching/what you know/is learning/how little/you know
Google How to and look at the results for a few years ago.
It will be entertaining/shocking.
You know, actually taking the time to read other peoples' stuff when you're asking them to promote yours.
But if that works, great
It seems the War Eagle's days are numbered.
Even our trusty steed couldn't survive Beebe.
we got u homie going down Jan 28th touring the streets of Paris At the Razz Music House CEO
You should!
Definitely settled, not homesick.
road to Omaha : The Noles win game 2 of the Tallahassee Regionals 239.
Tomorrows game will be at 7 pm tomorrow.
He did not just say that..
Hip hop fighter to a rap fighter lmao
Happy because practice tomorrow is at 8 instead of 7...
But the fact that I'm the only one that has practice kinda ruins it...
You did.
Like I said, hope he can turn over a lineup a couple times.
oh my lauwd!
I need all of the things...ALL OF THEM!
With a loan you need to be financially sound, where with factoring the determination is made on the soundness of your clients financials.
B12 won't do it twice.
This whole situation is about more money and not so much charity.
Yay Brees just threw an interception!
We need to win this Houston come on and let's close this now!!!
or maybe Hamas using it for cover and weapons storage  like they are doing with Mosques
Rush Limbaugh: This is the politics of minority conservative personal destruction.
my teacher in here singing refill by elle varner : thats the bangger thou !
you made me LOL in my French class.
your dentist is a billionaire alcoholic?
I'd construction dear getting a new one.
;
I GUESS SO
professorssional health center in VA www.inovadocs.com
Please welcome LionessDeja to the Max life
Someone who's only almost right for you will tear your world apart but will feel bad about it.
how dare you be so delicious!?
:
ThingsIWouldLoveToDo.
Sing, dance, have a good time and not give a flying fuck what's going on with everybody else.
Jeezuz, that's gorgeous!
I must have been a dame in my past life.
Probably a flapper.
People are fickle mush heads.
Don't let them see you sweat!
you need to get on fb
Tnx for the tweets about our Manga Guide at bib11.
DM me if you're interested in a review copy from the series.
RW
Whoa cool!
Any link to her discussing it?
I wrote my masters thesis about it ya know :
Got to see my daughter dance and sing all day with some girls that have been on broadway in the casts of MaMa Mia and Lion King!
Ha!
One of the few examples, though, that is actually spelled with a j...
RT : We can always find something to relate to in Star Wars.
Stacey Swigart
Heading to the Ofield Dukes Diversity Summit tomorrow?
Be sure to use PRSADetroitDiversity in your Tweets!
Aren't we all just walking contradictions?
GM proposed taking over onethird of Isuzu, source says GM initially suggested taking a controlling stake of more than onethird in Isuzu
star and shamisterck, the pug or argonaut would be / are always my picks.
Maybe throw in queen Vic too
not yet...
I've noticed a distinct lack of live tweeting.
I can only assume that's mimosainduced on this day of days.
Palmetto Bay Council Member J Lindsay brings the Building  Permitting Advisory Committee forward.
Gr8 work by committee.
I'll let Brad have the honors, because I am a worldclass gentleman.
just heard...indeed there was a PAWS upgrade this past weekend.
my favorite AUSTREAM moment is whenever your mom asked you to teach her how to dougie!!
:
u forgot about me
follow back please?
3
Use the message that attracts the masses in your marketing.
Research!
Searching for Boom Operator and other Production Staff.
Please email Liana Afuni if interested.
If you're looking for a Brewers bright side, in 2011, Cards started 38 vs Milwaukee, finished 99.
At UCLA's Intel Act Now, celebrating organizations which empower women and girls
haha ya.
I myself never went to Irani hotel...it will be good to go..
:
New music and new videos and photos are coming very soon!
Check out my Facebook for more updates and to hear music :
Music, motorcycles, and food.
you make me want to have a Tumblr.
could really fucking care less
The fight for progress isn't about sympathy, it's about opportunity, Gene Sperling calls for inclusion
what's better than coming home to a pug and a letter saying that you're a semifinalist for a talent scholarship?
YAY
I heart that show and it will always have a special place in my heart!
Has a new appreciation for LA now that she's seen it on foot and on the metro accompanied by mi 'manita, Pata.
Orale!
I get it now.
Chillin' at the crib, expensive ass view; I say I'm tryina live life, I'm tryina breakthrough..
: Bagels and Lox?
Absolutely.
Tell'em to go easy on the capers though.
All alone in the big city solo...what shall A nigga do :
Thanks for the RT!
:
send some quick!!!
What's a decade earlier?
Far as we're concerned, the way of the sixties was paved by the Boomers!
;
me too..like I've said before this bitch smartened up not gonna let someone bring me down don't care how much I love them
Weak RT : Francona won't be part of any Fenway celebration: By Tim BrittonTORONTO  Terry Francona told the Boston Globe ..
The overhead shot of the bag looks like a vagina
COLORBLIND wishes everyone a happy thanks giving:
Hello Lucky!
RT : AND THE HATS GO FLYING!
Evgeni Malkin gets his third of the game!
71 Pens!
hattrick!
Love your new AVI xo
Studying while on
T.G.I.F.!
C'mon over to Fridays to celebrate the weekend!
Join us for 4 highballs and halfpriced appetizers from 47pm!
straightening up house to show to next potential renters...this is becoming a twice a week occurrence these days.
yes the books are always better lol
Last night I was on my bed with my cuz, It was kinda dark, I got up  tripped over a basket that in knew was there, I like fell, MAD funny.
Why are some of you acting as If It's Impossible that Jelena broke up tho.
Like shut up.
hopefully you spent more time with your teachers!
most awkward person in the world win.
Sending an IM meant for your boyfriend to your boss.
Its a half day at school today!
All classes are 30 minutes and I get out at 1:40!
Congratulations to Jessica Record for signing with A  M Talent House!
Oops.
Nevermind.
Just saw the answer.
:
It's not all about you!
...
If what you are getting online is for free, you are not the customeryou are the product.
HillerHelps  CollaborativeLaw helps you reconcile with your partner.
The 'peace tent' created gives you a chance.
Share an update NEW YORK ...the Federal Reserve said it planned to keep interest rates near historic lows through late 2014.
Wish I was at the nfldoctorft just so I can find and touch him
IRSC professor Enhancement Day for adjuncts was great  lucky to work with so many talented people.
to doctor Tina Hart and Sera Serafini!
sunday night slow jams are on point tonight
Mailed my saliva specimen today.
I'm eager to learn the results of my Personal Genome Test and excited to impact research.
what all did you do?
What are these games of hunger you speak of?
ha, I didn't intend that.
I hope the don't have time to be happy until I'm 'successful' crowd someday realizes they're wrong
Great senior shoot 2day, just got home from rock girl casting call shoot  in 5 hrs we'll shoot childoctorn's 5k at millerpark!!!!
Sacrifice is giving up something you love, for something you love more.
Do it for yourself, never compromise to be something your not.
Replying to my guest blog post for Great comments and good discussion.
Great to see other happy SJSU SLISer's out there!
We are working on the Favorite New Country Stars February Contest, and are Aware of the Error Reports some of you are receiving...
and days and days...
Cheers for the social media efforts of Boulder Co rangers.
Of course BoCo rangers are the savviest of rangers.
Awesome day at the beach :
i dont get it...
Is it Adeles song?
Lol
We're like kids in a candy store at pizzaexpo in Vegas this week.
Just saw a bamboo pizza box that biodegrades in 30 days.
They don't believe in better safe than sorry?
It sounds risky.
i haven't had to lol all day!
nah.
Amanda is doctorwing it out to see if I like it first
4 a.m.
wakeup call tomorrow.
Big day though.
martini time.
what!
Game 5 in Chicago Bulls vs
just put you on.
Today's BTU inspiration: Nothing in life is to be feared.
It is only to be understood.
Marie Curie
on another note, childoctorn of the night, respected agency for helping youth out of sex trade, explicitly prefers child prostitute
Seeing other people happy makes me happy :
I sound like such an ahole in my at replies.
I need to lighten up.
:/ /
I miss your face!
: are you in Florida?
second half was exciting but it never should have been that close and leads lost.
No help from Bench get it together and win Wed.
I like angsty independent movie soundtracks...especially when I'm putting my face on.
me too!
Have a beautiful day!
Wrapping up from yokes!
: and just had a fantastic meal!!
always a fan of libraries, see you soon!
It was super, and the wine  A RT : congrats to to a great event last night!!
xo
what is your favorite song from Wicked?
what are you gurls doing?
Oh man, you've gotta visit the Big Gay Ice Cream Truck again  report back on that wasabi pea dust.
I no rite cant wait until friday Saturday i am going be busting my ASS at least 5 times while i am skating LOL
Short day today
Thank you ...In every word I wrote  Ive put a piece of soul  Have you?
we starting it today !
Uh oh and the concert tickets start selling today too
TEXTING 101:  Stop talking to me.
I'm done talking.
Screw you.
Screw it.
I don't give a damn
bro if the wrong white person read this it would open a racist ass discussion
Daylight Saving Time Begins this Sunday!
So set your clock ahead 1 hour.
this time so much more.
What genetics is and is not.
Actually, genomics.
Please like our Facebook page  Abused in Chicago too, thanks to all who have already.
I know we can get more!
Gathering Content for Celebrity Spouses website
throw in a box of crest white strips and I'll take it!
:
I live for two reasons.
1 I was born.
2 I haven't died yet
Keep up the good work with your mini MICA reunions : 
it's not working for me tbh
N gosh it looks like its gonna rain
It seems that until UVCC,BNWEE etc.have the type of financial resources to threaten sellouts,BUFFOONERY
Been busy working...
Make it trend...
RT : We are excited to be apart of walk tomorrow!
Come to UNLV tomorrow for a great event!
Walk starts at 10:30a!
what happened?
Dear San Diego tourists, I like you, I need you,  if you'd just not blow smoke in my face on my run along the Embarcadero, it'd be so good.
RT : ivlp participant is posting regularly abt her visit.
See her thoughts on everything from Georgetown Cupcakes...
The new pepsi next, makes you burp hella!
XD
RT : Backtoback jacks!
Jeff Baisley adds a solo shot and the 'Topes are up 80, Bottom of the 5th
I still gotta do that video for Hayes 
Shaq is talking about Salado Creek on TNT!
crazy!
man shut up
Nice!
I can't make it until June, but have a date set to go!
I love cold case
You really have to get some info on police's intent.
Are they going to evict?
Do they know what they're going to do?
Good first day ...
its crazy everything is back up and running.
Going to be a long but fun season ...
So its about to rain
Congrats to former Cavs coach Mike Brown on his new gig with the Los Angeles Lakers
Will take a look at this.
Mostly using Sublime Text 2 now, but still a lot of vim at the CLI most days
think u had about as many doctornks as I did tonight..haha
RT : Lineup at is about 20 min behind.
Got to catch a bit of comedy, Big Rock Club up now.
Very pop punk a la Ataris.
Just woke up to myself and the large foreign woman in deep sleep next to me on the bus getting weirdly close to cuddling...
hi!
have done :
Sorry to hear the news and wish all of you the best of luck!
Wonderful weekend off with the family....need to make it a more frequent event.
if your out tonight, come hear the skills of Dj Moma at Retreat nyc tonight!
Kentucky Derby!!
Hahhahaha.
Spanish is fun.
Gotta love that class.
But yes, of course it's possible.
Gym, session, special lady, sitin gig, home..
gonna be a great night.
Wow, they just announced Oral Roberts JUST BARELY missed making the NCAA tournament as an At Large they were the first team out
The first trait is the ability to set goals  need help teaching your child how to do this?
say, what we gone do about return flights?
We also think thats a fantastic idea ; Hope to see you tonight!
Moms What advice can you offer to new Moms as they enter motherhood?
me and went in at walmart
lol well it would make sense since I did shoot a Shaw commercial.
; I was being facetious.
lol
Any idea why there are snow plows in the city?
okk followingg: do you know who this is?
Can someone explain to me how Carmelo is an All Star?
: Pizza or Pasta, gotta go w/ Pasta.
TeamSpaghetti hahah
tired.
no more eleven pm two mile runs.
Lugging the sledge hammerthrough thin spring lightwhacking I love the way you've run words together.
Inadvertently?
I love
Matt Kemp is the NL player of the week.
I already follow him!
6mile run, 2 mile swim, and so much jump training you would think I flew...
all in a days work
thus is getting good!
Students go back to school Monday, Jan.
2 after winter break.
Quick turnaround after New Year's!
GymPetPeeves The broken scale in the locker room at EVERY New York Sports Club.
ThingsIHateAboutFacebook...you approve a someone tag you in a post thing  it saysNow You Gotta Say where you ARE!
no CIA, I don't!
The purpose of It's Okay To Wait is to get families talking about sex with their teens.
If we don't talk to our childoctorn, the streets will!
Never again, , never again.....
q3 Appreciation is really important
With pleasure.
;
Cool.
Glad to help.
:
Your brain  I like it.
My sentiments, exactly.
We've got ourselves a hockey game, folks!
NHL Playoffs LetsGoPanthers!
The overworking of the brain at expense of all other functions must have had a fatal effect even on childoctorn of robust temperaments
: o wow!!
Those 's are almost unbelievable!
ProtoTap Company had our first show this weekend!
It went great!
tore it up!
Let's get it!!!
Please stop talking.
did you just disappear from Facebook?
just grinding how u been
RT if you think me and are a PERFECT COUPLE 
Yesterday is history.
Tomorrow is a mystery.
And today?
Today is a gift.
Really need someone to talk to right now, I think.
that's the best quote girly!!!!
On that note Joe always goes for Deep Ellum's vegan burger.
My favorite place in town if you haven't visited yet!
Thanks Chris!
RT : I gave Karma about internships to the future on
get on my level.
hope you benefit Beth.
we're getting a lot of good feedback on the book and looking for more ways to get the message out.
I'm ready for tomorow
Many thx to , ,  , Thomas Krichel  all who attended for a great 1st annual.
R.I.P Whitney Houston.
One of the greatest singers of all.
All of us shall let her rest in peace 3
i followed just because its a kardashian friend even thou im not nut would love to be
Awesome!
Thanks!
Going to be following you girls.
Tweet often!
That's the matchup I'd most like to see as well...
Never take your eyes off your opponent  even when you bow.
Bruce Lee, Enter the doctorgon
lol when I was there they played vida la vida
One of the worst things ever is seeing a girl cry.
I hate it.
but you are the worst procrastinator ever lol
LetsDoThis we are gonna get his ass back!
and make him suffer!!!
you have to agree with me...
predominant theme of many korean films
Free tour today at 4pm!
Stop by!
Warm up on the way to work with a cup of Darjeeling and a Blueberry muffin.
the white one's we ship BFG out in at the post office for free.
you can order boxes  USPS 4 free also
Had a great time at El Coyote last night with friends, looking forward to tonight's big red carpet event.
Will be in fulltuxedo mode!
:
missSKCsomuch RT or chanting you don't know what you're doing to idiot doctorvers
ok..
uh what's ur least favorite subject?
Good win for Cooper to end the regular season.
Disappointing season for Dixie!
Mindless behavior is NEXT :D Yaaaaaayyyyyyy !
Like you I haven't had the time to get into shows!
Example: Modern Family absorbed 2 hrs of last night I DID NOT have to spare
thanks cat.
I love you!!
I couldn't have kept going without you!
winding down after a nice long weekend
I totally forgive u.
Not trying to make u feel guilty.
LOL!
Have a Gr8 day!
for both the audience and the company/artists?
Enter to win a free office by liking us here on Facebook!
I caught her thank u very much, let her go so she can get bigger for next time RT give that fish back to whoever caught it
OMG I LOVE UR BLOG
what does it take to get a follow back from you?
Ill be rite black stay white here
Join Colin from 2night at for a Happy Hour Brew Session in the Copper Kettle starting at 5:00
hi!
Is it TRUE
you're welcome!
:
Hey So good to hear ya live!
Thanks for rocking the fuck out tonight!
At the Massey Knakal Investment Summit.
Lots of optimistic talk on NY real estate.
What about someone useful like Dunta Robinson or Carlos Dansby?
RT : Here we go again...
At homeroom with :D craving some spam musubi and he needs a scarf lol
Im a single man...smh
Updated GUI software simplifes xray imaging  Test amp; Measurement World
I can't stand the kardashians!!
what is criminal is their ignorance.
And later saying I'm sorry.
Well as a face in the eye of the public and the voice of the gop, he should know better.
Take this man down.
Congrats to everyone who won movie tickets as part of our cart promotion.
We will be contacting you this week about ticket delivery!
Anyone think that using technology too often takes the focus away from learning content?
Just wondering!
Thanks for the reminder  i get it
is my mom ever saw me writing niallwhipshispenis she would smack me!
Hot dogs, rad music, and beer tonight a Frank!
Oh Look Out scheduled for liftoff at 11:45.
I don't think I've smelled that recently lols
Patriots against the Falcons...
Not too worried, hopefully we will get Welker on the field tonight!
hey boy.
I'm so glad you just told us that u love us.
Because I was going to ask you if you would tell us u loved us.
Carlos, the Nokero model, has made his debut!
Damn, if I wouldn't do just about anything this side of legal for tickets to 's DC concert in May.
Come on Universe!
What's up bro just wanted to say that I love you!!!
:
Happy bday Mitch we are partying in Wis for ya.
Yahoo
Joe Hooker wanted to win final battle of CivilWar  be President.
GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan is how he failed.
2.99 KindleAmazon
round table sign spinner decided to preach to me about Jesus instead of his 6.99 lunch special.
bummer.
Search function not working properly, songs not loading in OneLoveRoom , Server issues?
oh yeah I forgot NFL 
Good morning ppl it's Friday but I dnt think most of y'all ready for the wknd!!
I can't read the Saggy Baggy Elephant to my son without thinking of TruBlood
Twould be interesting for Kim Stanley Robinson to read debt by then revise the novel Years of Rice and Salt accordingly
get a new laptop for pennies, tonight at Bidfather!
Well, the Bucs are third in the NL Central.
Good afternoon and a very happy follow friday!!
: : :
Don't worry about how things might turn out.
Just remember that nothing came to those who didn't try.
really?
I didnt think he was that cute...
lol
What a cutie!!!
Totally the 'It wasn't me' face.
How does your device accomodate for different physical characteristics of different golfers?
yea do that
These last two years of my life I have learned a lot of things one thing I learned is it is what it is shit happens.
Spent the last 2.5 hours in my culture of Jewish history class.
All we discussed were 3 passages from the Hebrew Bible.
My mind is doctorined.
Everyone Tells You That You Deserve Better But No One Is Willing To Give It To You
Isn't that just all teenage girls?
I feel old saying this, but dammit, teenagers are annoying!
i can smell bullshit a mile away
Poker tourney at the Peanut on 8th and Washington 2day at 230.
50 all you can eat and doctornk.
Proceeds go2 Toys4tots  come out and support!
Agave is tequila without the regret.
If you know me well, you know that I hate Jersey.
After spending a day in Pennsylvania, I have a new appreciation for NJ.
PA is horrible!!
I always feel when someone tweets shit up I feel like they are talkin to me.
indeed!
D
Chicago Bears to Win NFC North?
Maybe, but Let's Slow Down: Fan's Take  Yahoo!
Sports
Cleaning The House : Bout To Go To Walmart And Get Some Things For My Trip Tomorrow To New York We Leave At 3:30 Am
A truly American art show: Political cartoons and rock n' roll...
In case I'm not on Twitter tmister, happy early birthday to the wonderful !
And if I AM on Twitter tmister, I'll say it then, too.
It's Make Up Your Own Holiday Day!
If you cannot be the poet, be the poem.David Carradine It's going to be a LATE night finishing paper!
Time to celebrate a virgin giving birth to the son of God by leaving out milk  cookies for a fat guy who rides flying reindeer.
:I couldn't find enough ratings on Beer Advocate to make an informed decision.
Let's wait another monthThats a new one!!
ya sal I was
Good evening, Lovelys!
I used the local storebrand of organic/natural.
And I've kept the roll in the freezer for sliceandbake.
Is that a candy?
RT : please tell me you know Bohemian Rhapsody!!
welcome new followers
I got you too lol.
On Wisconsin!
I can't believe I'm saying this, but I've become a Knicks fan.
I'm caught up in the Linsanity.
Amazing things happening!
1.
I'm so PROUD of my girls who walked in the Blush of Spring Runway Show this past weekend!
The door on one deal closes but about to walk thru construction site of possible new deal!
So exciting!
I believe ma'am, I just just farted.
romney has shown zero respect for dogs, gays,  women.
he only needs to insult hockey  he'll have insulted ALL THAT I LOVE.
Except Wynton/Clapton.
That was a mistake.
Happy 18th Birthday to my wife !!
should married men be entitled to at least one girl friend on the side?
Do you know how much it would cost to have a professorssional clean your windows?
Estimate are always free!!
if thiss nigga dont quit making me feel good!
not like that!
teachers sometimes can't control the classroom
it really is phenomenal how many people are taking time to donate to such worthy causes!
Happy Administrative professorssionals Day!
Thanks for the great article !
We agree.
Some people are born with a love for fashion and others like our writer develop it over time.
He's the Christmas Rapist.
He rapes on Christmas.
Done!!
: Good morning, Ward5!
A rainy day is still a great day to get out and vote for !
Ward5se
YES.
I love my icon lol.
Made me laugh out loud!
Can u imagine anyone making Miss Beauregard move over?!
Julie
Went from having both outfits planned to nothing for my formals this weekend fml another added stress
With a 7066 win over Baltimore Elite, Houston Hoops go 50 in Nike EYBL Session 3 in Frisco, TX
Just finished another cut for the EP...OMG vocals sounding good.....sounding like church in here!
We're struggling this afternoon!
We all need a nap after all that bacon!
RT : Have to work out 3x as hard tonight thanks to...
: watching a show about the Amish...YOCKO thug life.
word.
congrats, OFFICIALLY!
Sorting through all my footage from India.
So amazing.
Looking forward to the editing process.
coolest short doc film EVER.
obviously you don't need to be that great of a rapper.
If you can have thick skin be made fun of and dance by yourself your in
I think they use statistics  make certain guesses about you.
It's a shot in the dark that hit, rather than a fact they discovered.
This is called 'enlightenment.'
Looking forward to moving into our new rehearsal space in a couple weeks.
Better neighbors  lower mold count  3 new releases this fall...
Happy New Years to all my friends.
Let us surround ourselves with lot's of white light and allow it to travel to all our friends and frien
My name is definitely not Ted.
It's David
i actually got some homework done today
listening to Democracy Now about the potential threat to NY doctornking water due to natural gas doctorlling
Catch my fade run me my fade blahblahblah.
All that shit sounds dumb as hell you look like a stupid bitch.
Fighting is so retarded.
Just got ok for FiftyShades discussion.
at lib.
Will call it After Dark Book Club : Handout 1: What You Should Read Next...
Theo is changing the culture on the north side
even Romanian discos close.
Or become the movie theater during off days.
!
There's nothing I can do, A total eclipse of the heart.
SAT in the morning !!
thanks.
my apologies.
if it happens again ill just delete myself.
send me an email!
new mic comes in the mail on the 8th STOKEDD :
Heading to Tampa St.Pete any crossfit box suggestions?
Road warrior.
so siked TTYLXOX gotta go out
shopping yeah!love it
Being There  Wilco
Go upstairs and check on your parents!
RT That was the most intimidating thunder ever.
The entire CC Headquarters just shook.
Changed my icon.
holla 
Stephanie, I won a signed copy of The Best of Me from mister Sparks.
He told me to contact you.
watching Lady Gaga, born this way video.
: Libras can be or seem elusive at times, but they always make it back to the ones they love.
4 more days .
right and proper.
:
At the Maryland Democratic State Central Committee Meeting gearing up for the 2012 election...4 more years for Obama!
Imagine Austin putting whipped cream all over your pussy and then slurping it up3
I can't wait!
Special Edition has been preordered since March!
Is there some kind of slightly perverted Robin Hood computer game out there?
Because that's what I feel like doing right now.
aw josh I knew I could count on you to make my day!
lol.
I KNOW!
I found it moving.
Buyers Need Negotiation Believe it or not, even in a roller coaster economy and buyers market, buyers still expect you to negotiate when
Rap, rock, house or jazz?
Congrats on makin the all stars!
you deserve it and Happy Birthday!
I thought the first half of the movie was hilarious.
The second half I just rolled my eyes the whole time!
Are you planning on any roots travel this year?
If so, where to?
So TRUE!!!
Relocated from NYC to live here
By walking to work.
RT Finish the Tweet: I show my appreciation of the environment by .
what can I say?
It's the crack.
Ready for SWE leadership dinner.
Ready to celebrate our success followed by ice cream social at WE11.
Thanks to our leaders
ATL Show us  door that you're a friend on Facebook  Twitter to get 3 off cover!
Karaoke/Spoken Word Open Mic 11/10 710
Quote of the day happened during a hot stone massage: Oh!
My toe stone popped!
not so good so many people want to attend but having a tough time getting the main sponsor everything else is ready to go!!
freeresortbeach.info New Post  ....
Read it now at html headtitle410 Gone/title/head body bgcolorwhite centerh1410 Go
my bad...
I was already googleing that 'ish
In times the family grows closer together.
U will always live in my heart n I won't forget the time we spend talking together
the internet is vast and filled with wonders!
Hmm, my staff reports that Salon Owners always order hair w/ their name on the tag instead of ours!
Well, even I can't have everything!
LOL
Great song is right!
Those two are gonna be great this summer
Hahahah can't take the Heat
Still dazzled how pathetic Virginia looks today, in a bigoted, hateful, homophobic sort of way.
Virginia is for loversif they're straight
Chicago dogs for lunch  good eats!
: Put that project your working on in your resume now.
Mentally finish it.
Make it awesome.
And do everything to get it there.
You're already tan!
After running two days ago, my legs still feel like jelly!!
To work out or not to work out?!
Definitely an exciting weekend of performances at Source Theater on 14th St!
Come experience an mix of Opera and Zarzuela at the In Series!
because your all in my business when truth is there is no reason for you to be, so just unfollow me and we will be good
Vegas here I come...for Lightfair.
Now needs to release a new album and kill it in Minneapolis like they did in Feb.
of 2011
it's favoritism bc more coverage and talked about by media in a higher regard...notre dame always considered as a top team??
where does the latenightALTrain go?
cause I dont know if I want a seat or not.
takeaseat...maybe not.
OK SOUNDS GREAT :
Just saw your blog...really happy for you!
I am trying to pick up the pieces after a BFN yesterday.
It's a classic DoctorWho kind of day!
I hate it when my rugs get scratched and especially dented.
g
O dear we've lost one.
Sylvia where are you?
Did the Libya attack solve the Japan nuclear crisis?
: Exercise: you don't have time not to.
Unknown, Source Fitfluential makeitcount livewellnow LisaBalash
your underestimating us.
3k at least!!!
Lunch today...
asparagus with olive oil, lemon juice and goat cheese.
certainly some copycat attempts.
The value is just not there.
My question lies with the commercialization of FB.
Migration?
So many good engineers to choose from!
Gotta pick one, though...
just in case you didn't see them again,i sent a few direct messages to you...:
If we build grey water recycling systems and alternative energy projects
You're just kissing up to him so you end up on his Do Not Eliminate friends list.
At AMMO, we strive to go above  beyond, corresponding to Japanese publisher in their native tongue.
AMMO Rack visuals need no translation.
Thank you for the mention.
I had a great time with Hands Across the Sand in Cocoa Beach.
Looking forward to the next time.
DJ schedule this weekend.
FriWokcano Santa Monica SatAvalon nightclub Hollywood Hit me up for Glist.
Don't worry, I won't ever think about it again.
That was in the past.
Remember all those Idiots who said getting Tyson Chandler over Billups was a dumb move?
Where are they now?
cheating is just another way of saying you weren't good enough .
ResearchDon't give up on speech in kids w/ASD or assume delays are due to social pragmatic factors alone motor/phonology delays coexist.
Had a great night with three lovely gentlemen.
New for me; I usually only see double.
Have you ever loved someone so much, you wanted to keep them hidden from the world  all to yourself?
Well, apparently its called kidnapping
you'll always have doubters!
RT: Single isn't a status, its a word describing someone who is strong enough to live life on their own
I hope that at the least, they learn something about themselves in reading and absorbing other people's thoughts!
Now im in detention with a girl that carrys around a blanket and half the time wears pajamas why?
heart broken davila or what??
5 of the top 6 for baseball attendance are in the SEC
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
bring that old thing back
Had an awesome repertoire meeting tonight...
guess which new songs we picked to sing this year?
I gotta find out what she needs me to do, I will probably have time in between to go.
I'll let you know!
Charge your phone
Dear credit card Security:those charges for the type of merchandise I've been buying for years , were legit.
I'm a very sad sad panda now...my laptop is toast.
: 
Five Guys is awesome.
I'm still waiting for Ishtar's sequel
lol wow I didn't even know he still exist
last night was perfect
Got a case of the Mondays?
Use Coupon code mystapler to save 15 on a waterfi waterproofed mp3 player.
Music in water makes it all better!
Ciara sounds like a dog name.
Spam is a huge hassle these days.
I wouldn't want to run a mail delivery system.
Thanks Eric!
Glad you liked RDV.
If you don't have a copy of my 2nd book, The Monuments Men, I'll send you one.
Let me know!
Busy day today.Traveled to Livingston County and back.
Facing criminal allegations in Missouri?
Call Fee To Protect Your Back!
Just had an awesome meal at the Breakfast Klubcatfish, grits, texas toast, and sweet tea getting my day off to a good start!
: Hope class of 2012 stays safe tonight.
havefun muchlove
it's only because i moved to Rhode Island.
Otherwise i'd be mayor of SPE for life.
I always told RS my name was Ian Faith and gave my brother's addoctorss; I figured the catalogs would be like a Xmas present.
It's election day folks!
Make sure you make time to cast your vote and let your voice be heard!!!
Strategy is about what were not going to do.
Safe travels, my friend!
Can't believe it took me so long to catch sharktank awesome!
crushed negotiations tonight.
RT : Tracy Sleep: courses need to be designed with activities that will feed into IDing at risk students
BEST DECISION EVER.
This is the Rosie we love.
Softer, relaxed, intimate.
Keep it real aka the radio show.
ROPERDY 2112.
Thank you Morgan!
Don't worry, is just as sassy as me.
Maybe even moreso?
Sounds like a good idea.
If I run out of travel mugs, someone will find me passed out at a jobsite soon.
Tweet of the week.
RT : Delmon Young smacked two RBIs.
Happy to report that's short for Runs Batted In not Rabbis
as a patriots fan...I'm fine with it.
Their receiving corps might be the best in the league.
I guess me and the cuzzo bout to go see Thor, then, well idk.
greatestdayofmylife was when I was with you..
just working lol.
It's okay Megs.
Well celebrate on Saturday
confession I've grown up a lot in the past year..
Anyone tried Oh Fish yet?
We hope you love it!
always interesting to search twitter for your hometown and see whats going on
I'm assuming there are pictures of all of this????
I was at sublime and it sucked.
I wish I knew this before.
Boys use the word love to replace I really like you
Commish Jill Sherman commends effort to reach a broader group of ppl in developing the
i want some mcdonalds french fries
Four main reasons I will stop texting you: 1.
You made me mad.
2.
You got boring.
3.
I fell asleep.
4.
You said the letter K.
congrats on ur anniversary!
Hope u have a good time!!
Do u miss wizardsofwaverlyplace I know I do!
RT Plez!
And follow!!
: RT if getting lost in pink diva dust is wrong, I don't want to be right.
lol
u look cute
I've done the same, in the aftermath of my niece and nephew.
If you willingly choose to associate with someone that treats you badly, you deserve what you get
You know you had a good workout when you can't even push the clutch in on your own car.
thanks for following me : how are you?
Great doctorving music!
haha it definitely does!
UA is very generous!
Lol
It's a DIY fashion alteration kind of night
he's pretty phenomenal!
Boy niggas get mad when you talk about soulja boy ..
hahaha i was like wtf is my life right now i was so creeped
Hell yeah!
just holler at me whenever and i gotchu.
they are 15 bucks now to.
I'm instantly following people now!
Ok so do all smartphone batteries suck now?
I got the stratosphere and its not so hot...
I like how no one knows what happens
Wins by adele and a performance by sir paul?
Also do 's suggestion: Make sure it is airtight.
What comes around hose around :
Going to Stonestown farmer's market
i only chase pussy if it owes me money
So, why do we all love the official LA Kings twitter feed?
Is it because it's supposed to be professorssional, and it's not?
Beethoven who was a coffee lover, was so particular about his coffee that he always counted 60 beans each cup when he prepared his brew.
In honor of the almighty Easter Peep.....did you know they have a shelf life of 2 years, cannot be dissolved in water and are fat free!
?
Guys.
The green room at is LEGIT SWANK.
Also LilyJames' sound check sounds hot.
The person who reads too much and uses his brain too little will fall into lazy habits of thinking.
Albert Einstein
Winning is a habit, UNfortunately, so is losing by Vince Lombardi, Daily let's develop winning strategies  actions!
Go Get Em'
Are we good for tonight?
Oh, New York apartment listings: Keep in mind that the staircase leads to a ceiling.
This is NOT a Duplex!
Tortorella doesn't want to do press conferences  Then don't.
Simple .
Don't treat people like they are an affront to you.
Everybody Knows I Don't Get Along w.
Her , I Like My Daddy !
It's like DC is learning just now that sports fans are idiots.
I should smack you with my doctorke hand...
Hey Ethan!
I am SURE we have worked together before at Ocean Way or Record One.
Thanks for following!
Dont return to a evac'd area unless you are told it is safe to do so  the structural integrity may not be sound or
The science of today is the technology of tomorrow.
RT : I was worried but after seeing 13 Toledo whipping Temple I am really concerned now.
There's nothing wrong with Papyrus; it's beautiful, painstakingly made.
The problem is people USING Papyrus, that EVERYONE uses Papyrus.
Mat around the ring  Slippery when wet,
2 Tuesdays!!!
Come in and enjoy some great deals..
I do think that the mistery element is which make and art work transcend and become the art conversation.
Today would be a great day to go to the beach again...
Hm
Love 24 hour diners!
i teared up when I said goodbye to mine..
I still miss brickbreaker
Trust me, you're not.
4 Barkitecture homes left.
Don't let your doggie be homeless.
get your designer doghouse today!
www.austinbarkitecture.com
I retweeted it for you.
See you there!
;
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!37
are you ok?
no my eye is just taking a piss
: It's weird when places advertise their Clean Bathrooms.
Congrats on meeting a standard we all expect.
bottom line,play hard,do your thing and u wont called out.thats the prob with this generation athlete,THEY SOFT!!!!!
Free Mobile Service  Free Estimates  Rock Chip Repairs.
Major Credit Cards Accepted.
Call 4144097263
Awkward when the girl starts screaming and crying in the sauna next to you...
Some people should never sing karaoke under any circumstance.
Just saying.
You know you are in ottawa when you see a cavalier pulling a boat.
what kinds of Liquor
hit me up with email to get the info for the studio
good point!
you owe me dinner!!!!
We have some great art pieces the store!!!
Happy Birthday Wavy.
C'mon Packers!
we need a GOOD one!
Who's it gonna be?
Is sitting in front of me
no Flash is pretty good
UPDATE: Tennis Giant Prince Sports Files For Bankruptcy  thegame ...
True!
RT : Whatever has happened to you in your past has no power over this present moment, because life is now.
Oprah
sick!!
Just finished listening to the decline.
Booyaa!
i need someone to talk to
There's an island that's owned by France for half of the year and by Spain the other half
How we win diz game against Miller Grove, so we can go 2 dat championship
Wish was coming this weekend.
That's ok, I'm anticipating her for Jazz Fest and Essence
I will take the win
These niggas need to go back to MadTv
That painful moment when the roof of your mouth gets stabbed by a Dorito.
Christmas eve..Watching Toy Story ..eating homemade cookies..3
they've started playing jeff buckley again in cafes..
the holiday season has officially begun.
I see a trend here Obama wasting money, and gimmicks.
Married With Childoctorn from the late 80s is still comic genius.
Holds up.
thanks for coming in to Music Choice this morning and giving me more songs to play!
:
Don't know how I did research before I found the Electronic Commerce  Law Report.
any way we could get a subscription?
Interesting Health Fact of the Day: The skin on your what is 200 more times more sensitive than your fingertips?
What's your guess?
Feeling that new jbeebs song?
Making 53 million last year made Justin Bieber the richest teen in the world
Hm not sure I can reveal that just yet.
I will share that I bought a gold lamé doctorss just now at 90 off...
Riding on Airplanes with  all weekend!
love a man with an accent!
Wow...
Do you have a game plan?
You've got this!
Open data much more important at State, City or local level and it's just not accessible the way it should be.
y'all are a mess!
CNN said a police officer said the Monument was tilting.
Have not heard any confirmation on that statement
As a leader what is the main part to help business to become successful in this globalization?
Is it a dificult part?
I fucking hate all day field trips
invites you to our May Wine Tasting  455 Capitol Mall courtyard in Sac 4:306:30 pm May 20th featuring Judd's Hill  Chateau Routon wines!
Uhm...so today was eventful...XD
I don't speak Spanish this is America!!
Good luck to staff participating in tomorrow's Monument10K!
SYVW FF: couldn't have done it without you!
thanks so much :
doctorve safe.
Tiny minds, tiny tools.
RT : what is your opionion of all the garbage the right wingers are throwing at women
I can't wait 2 watch the 24 season finale.
Im so addicted!
Family was given instructions to please resolve problems without me for 2 hours.
yeah of course!
It was great meeting you too :
There will always be a beer for you!
As an institution crumbles/dies, a new one gives BIRTHa long, slow and painful process w NO guarantees.
CHRIS: Im gonna put an egg in my quesadilla.
DAN: really?
That sounds weird.
Surprise surprise I have a cold, dont worry, I got the remedy.
Improv on a Saturday morning ;
Tell us about your idea for an ecommerce app and we'll help you get started in
Oh my fucking god.
If you are a property manager, you'd think you could keep appointments and not be as friendly as a prison bitch.
You never realize how offensive your music is until your parents are riding beside you listening with you...
Oh the Oscars happened?
Sorry I was busy doing things I care about.
you aint said nothing to slick can of oil
RT : Politics is not for the thin skinned.
Inouye's legacy does not leave him immune to political critique.
You know it's a bad neighborhood when the Google Streetview images are blurry and there's a mob chasing the car.
Loving this Orlando weather!
Getaway much needed!
Thank u God  GMa
On my way to DC
nobodys want to hire me I been out of work for 6 years the world is a cold cold place I NEED HELP
When you're text just happens to be exactly 160 characters :
How many calories are in a small ant?...I accidentally had some for dinner!....Now I can't stop marching!
lol..Telling myself it was pepper!
wouldn't it be great if admins asked students to assist a knowledgeable teacher in a SM presentation?
Heats first 3 of the series.
Shows you how good they are.
that's crazy:
RT RT : NBC News confirms Mary Kennedy was found dead at her Bedford home in Westchester, NY this afternoon.
Heading to for dinner and music
I love you but you're fucking useless!
RT IF YOU REP YOMO OnePoundFish MbBallSoHard Nerds Misfits Hippies LEGGGOO follow me ill follow back ;D
Money doesn't buy happiness but I'd rather cry in a mansion.
What are some things you heart?
yes.
I was worried I was missing something
That is called dead.
want him to rally but it looks bleak....
Oh FUCK YA!
Losing on the first level
its dope
Scott Cain: Great to have you on board, thanks for stopping in yesterday.
We are here to help you build your organization, come by anytime
That is a lie.
Home Stretch for the cleanweb hackers.
Holla if you need help
I can't wait to have a kid.
Mostly so I can try and take him/her away from the mom and put her on child support.
Tuesday I attended the College of Lockpicking.
Today I helped a friend who locked the keys in her car with my new skills.
Reminder: Because the takes place tomorrow, we have rescheduled our first meeting for 11/8.
It sucks when 2 ppl r stubborn they'll wait 4 da Otha person 2 step up but if no one does they'll both end up never fixin the problem.
I think this every day : RT : dearyoungself, It turns out even better than you think.
I just got a replacement pair on DSW.
Free shipping and a 10 off coupon.
God is Good!
then when u hit that little world button on your keyboard they pop up
I think so.
I almost went to your game in Cinci, but it rained that day...
Confused about what's going down with Arri.
FBI raid?
Something with taxes?
Blah.
If your going through a heart break then listen to fight songs...or songs that pump you up like G4L rihanna last Resort papa roach :
I figured that lol, its always dyin
.
Hey tell khalil that I won't be in mmy office this morning.
Awesome seeing my work on the w/ Ford Sync live on the big screen at
Who is this freak called niki minaj?
Omg do I have to watch this st.
thinking of you.My son just gave Amer.
Idealist to his history teacher.
ripped a double to left.
Kinda glad I'm not jailbroken anymore, my iPhone is so much faster!
I'm really sick of not winning the lottery.
Kind of disappointed I missed the daylong flood in Houston, honestly.
Good Morning!
thumbs up!
We still look like a 90s pbs show!
We just watched that yesterday  it made us really hungry!
Congratulations to who recently graduated with a BFA from Columbia College.
NOW go make some art!
SOME UK fans: We would destroy the Bobcats.
Media: ALL UK fans are crazy.
People still ignore the plights of the poor, the homeless, the marginalised.
It's easy for them to live in their illusion.
Just kidding my new true love isn't satanic.
Satan is not real and so is his creator.
Fucks with me
gypsy kings, roaring fire, glass of malbec  design magazines...
Perfect way to enjoy the storm.
Make you lose yourself,  finders keepers
I'll be there when it's over baby, cause i was there from the start.
I love that I popped into this conversation...
Randomly.
I wish they would bring someone in!
I'd much rather listen to singers any day
Quote from a post later today: Jealousy too often is the motivator that escalates a relationship instead of love or goodnessoffit.
When I'm starving, I mentally say sexual things to my food
I'm done with the bitch shit
RT : Perkins closing the rest of its local restaurants.
What's a Pancake Lover to do?
FYI I work at a Honda dealership in Cleveland we are up 45 from last year
caught myself rocking out to new kelly clarkson on way down shore few days ago, almost pulled over n smacked myself.
asdfghjhygfd omg.
I told u i was smart.
Hahaha
finals week....
enough said.
Oh hey!
Missed you!
T4hrs.
until the MADMEN Season 5 Premiere!
Watch w/ us 60s Costumes, Retro Cocktails, Trivia,  Catch the Season 4 finale!
you better text me back, it's actually important!;
my hypothesis is a strong yes
To gain the universe, have no plan at all.
Lao Tzu
Hope you enjoy the weekend.
Thank you again for the follow!
If it is the full package and has been installed correctly that yes.
If you have any other questions, please let us know!
Should be good!
Wondering what's for lunch.
Hope better than yest.
RT : Crazy packed room, i'm very excited!
Already done with work for the week and home!!!
Coyote fans sound like they're madder than a one legged man in an ass kicking contest right now
Yup, and clearly no one who is under 21 doctornks alcohol.
:
umm I think got the AP Econ one?
Not sure
Annapolis filming Better Living through Chemistry.
Producer Felipe Marino: vacant Johnson's building 'hero location.'...
She can get me high when I'm feelin low
Liked the new styles:
I need a girl that wants me for me and not for all my money and that girl is hard to find
I like the song boyfriend but justin can't sing ahahahahaahahaahahahahahahahaha bitch, kill yoself
Capital Skatepark tomorrow w/ Chasing Lions, The Changeless, and Maranatha!
Check out our fb for the deets: Facebook.com/superradshows
Let's continue to set intentions to heal the historical trauma of the Native Peoples and, as a result, this country...
Iv really down played the definition of happiness.
heading to practice.
Thanksgiving special.Free medical marijuana evaluations this tues  wed call 3039008651.I highly recommend getting legal for the holidays!
Very chuffed that I managed to get an accepted offer today for my buyers despite the fact that we were bidding against FIVE others parties!
Payroll should be around 30 of revenue.
If higher it isn't sustainable!
yes cover
Guilty...
ahha but i'm gona get out of here soon.
it's been a long time.
neways see u soon!
real soon!
Grilled octopus with fregola, cucumber, watercress, red chile, almonds, fried lemon,  minted yogurt!
Every girl deserves to be spoiled
cry about it .
Haha
Whts up twitter
RT : Best part of the Mad Men era?
Calling George Romney a clown.
Loved that line!!
The best campaign that I've had the privilege to go on!
Great job Kansas Jay Hawks NCAA ...
I feel like Adele is the lemonade to Amy Winehouse's lemons.
If I could go back in time I would save my  and NOT have built with total waste of money
One was from a little old lady.
I'll chock it up to her being blind.
Waking up thinking it's time for school, but realizing it's Saturday.
Best feeling ever.
Dude I wasn't that doctornk.
Dude, you stuck a battery up your butt and started shouting, I'VE GOT THE POWA!
aH omg hghjbvcfghnbvcghjbvhjbvcghgv
come ill play jaymu86
Im ready to buy a stripped pole for the crib next
RT : SharePoint can be used to host your remote meetings.
I guess I can't be an asshole hahahah
2day in : Council discusses charter revisions; ZAP adds restrictions to S Austin condos; Council considers decoupling
I hate where there's no coffee already made at the office and I have to make a whole pot for just a cup.
That's a Friday fail.
Lets rent a movie
I also just met a rep from Rackspace here at sxsw  she gave me a business card  they are hiring  amazing networking opportunity here
I love your black and white work.
Thanks for sharing.
That's a great idea  strawberries, nuts, spinach, is that cheese too?
Being so awesome and having so many friends sucks.
You never know who to hang out with and who to disappoint.
Happy World IP Day!
:
Haha if im thinking the same person that's funny.
I meant to write walnuts were a BIT soggy in the Waldorf salad.
Tomorrow will be interesting
Hey woman!
I miss you!
Pretty sure that was Meireles' fault, so no surprise there
thanks haha hopefully I'll get better by tomorrow tho, got a lot of stuff to do
More like DumbestMovieSeries.
:P
Morning my Dolls.
For some this is a day off for others its a work day.
Regardless keep today positive and sexy.
guess who's staying up late just to help her sister with her homework?
I am.
Take a picture of yourself
Knicks came to play today.
Need this game.
Omg Omg Omg she dilated to a 10 now baby needs to come out....so excited
Thank you!
: I'm a rabid MADE IN USA supporter.
it was more like a fast walk!
The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings
Ugh I'm so tired after that, but god does it look good!!!
I so love the color and the style!
thanks for the mention Joseph.
MIDDAY THURSDAY: Teaching ethics to the Secret Service, 1 pm w/ Christopher doctorisbach
Zest is the secret of all beauty.
There is no beauty that is attractive without zest.
Christian Dior
Ya gots to go...
Lakeville dad accused of abandoning his son is granted joint custody with the boys mother.
You can hear the story at 8AM on
WHAT RT : how is it possible for a previous journalism major to just now realize that the font veranda is actually VERDANA
Yeah, Matt is awesome.
Andoctorw is awesome.
It should just be called awesomergy.
Was up
loved today's meeting, so excited to work together
Don't fall prey to marketing, find a sports service that really wins.
was amazing at Coachella...
now see for yourself.
Win tix to their show May 13 all wkd!
he's with a label I'll call you later
Who's at the millerparkopener for today?
I shall call him squishy and he should be mine, He will be my little squishy lol
Does anyone know a small business owner who could use being all over the search engines FAST
The world is such a strange and beautiful conglomeration of emotions fueled by human needs.
Mix in!
It frightens you, doesn't it, that someone different from you might want to love another person  have amusing childoctorn?
Sad.
i could surely be that girl for you jok
oops.
But bloomington is just what 75 miles away?
he coulda made it back right?
I want Bruce Buffer to introduce me at every important event.
Now I refer to an idea as a subjective and objective thought...
It's social media official: I get my back in just a couple weeks.
Sorry for your loss, DC but her talents are needed in KC.
o.o que?
Giant cupcakes, pizza, 3oh!3 and ice cream later!
Life isn't just good, it's awesome!
: 56 days till college and 769 till London :P
American Spirits Exchange will be at this years Nightclub and Bar Show starting Tuesday.
Let us know if your also going!
Just updated my site with guest blogger Shakespere talking about the latest email scam.
kubrickspick.org.
so how much longer will it take to fix my laptop?
At this point you've had it longer than I've owned it!
Thanks!
I'm considering it.
Not such a bad gig, really.
OMG!!!
Those are absolutely PERFECT!
LOVE!
how sweet!
If I found the CSS3 tree treasure chest, do you really want to know how?
How do you really feel?
RT : Coldplay still makes me want to stick my head in a toilet.
blinds wide open so we can see you in the dark when your sleeping
No we don't give a damn for the whole state of Michigan, we're from OHIO.
We're from OHIO, OH!
We're from OHIO, IO!
shoutout to the chick looking for baby daddy number three who still doesn't know that sex won't make him love you.
It's free cookie day at Subway, who's taking me?
Stop for a Minute and Listen Two young music series aim to celebrate attentive listening and both might affect how audiophiles
Uhhmm..
if you wanna ask hiiiiimmm.
I donnnnt.
He kinda scares me.....
and he is teaching at the moment.
Hehehehee:
Go Blue!!
RT : Great Place to Network, Great Music,Live Band, Models were Hot!!!
Great Food.
Well Organized
managedObjectContext doctorving me insane, must replan a major portion if my project to make it work, Good Lord!
Kim.
Miss you on YES.
Best of luck in all you do.
happy birthday
Thanks so much!
Meryl i love you, but no...
Hope to see everyone at likemind Chicago tomorrow at 8 am at Argo Tea at Adams and Dearborn!
To celebrate the launch of our new video baby monitor tell us about the best moments featuring your kids that you've caught on camera:
very cool precollege program at Cornish.
study visual  performing arts while living on campus: www.cornish.edu/summer/
why does every academic journal base need money to give me information?
can't they freely give knowledge away for knowledge sake??
bizforum Impressions are nice, but Engagement is the holy grail of social :
Maybe.
I think code is just the hot new engineering degree.
Most people won't/don't need to code.
thanks for the follow and support Aaron very cool stuff coming out of Edinhacklab check out
It has been brought to my attention that the stick figure decals on the back windows of vehicles are NOT pedestrian kill scores.
Sounds good!
I look forward to it :
I'm fine and you?
Where do you come from?
I was one of those ppl that made a comment about Amy  the club.
Sorry.
I Hope we can still be twitter friends.
I forgot the most interesting aspect of my day...
I got served with jury duty!
Oh...
JOY...
XD
Yes BENT ROAD was BENT ROAD before I had pleasure of meeting  working w/ Jenny.
Editor is Denise Roy.
Go Figure.
fixing dinner
Everybody is a genius.
But, if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will spend its whole life believing that it is stupid.
I started a game with u
Midnight now and fireworks going off somewhere.
At least I hope they're fireworks.
Happy
Yes, I started baking brownies as a warm up before acting and the theater sold them at the concession stand.
It grew from there.
you were the coolest kid there!!
And maybe in the entire world!!??
Very accurate distinction.
RT : Never confuse motion with action.
Ernest Hemingway
ninos open for the late night special
TRAFFIC: Crash  Wb Belt between Todd doctor Fish Hatchery Rd.
2 cars involved in the middle lane.
Delays
Dolores Ibarruri It is better to die on your feet than live on your knees.
Merry Birthday.
8 family bays in January.
I lost my contact somewhere in my eye HELP!!!!!!!!!
Really need to get my license
Had a productive day.
Now time to sleep!
:
awww i was really hoping too but i still only have 73 followers :
Anybody still doubt that Braden Holtby has a bright future in the NHL?
I need to get a manicure done
MyHeartdoctorpsWhen you ignore all the sacrifices I'm making for you
I call this my home homesweethome :
The Decemberist compliments of my buddy Fitz.
one more song!
he won't tell me
Got a linkedin invite from a DB professorssional I really respect  made me feel like a million bucks.
Where is Kenyon????
News flash: tweeting links to paparazzi pictures to the celebrities who are in them?
Bad idea.
Not to mention creepy.
Need a custom Facebook page for your business?
We can help...
Alise on AmericanIdol is my heroine.
Doing Jimi's Bold as Love.
You go, girl!
Radiohead's coming to the west coast.
I will break faces, people.
Food is our common ground, a universal experience.
Reimold can't hit the ball any better.
Those line doctorves will get through eventually, or over the fence.
Michael always gotta an attitude.
Edgar Watson Howe When people hear good music it makes them homesick for something they never had and never will have.
f'n up some cookies, chocolate chip
Live life as if you die tomorrow.
doctoram as if you'll live forever.
Just touched down in San Diego for BlogHer11!
Now off to find second dinner/4th meal
Tip of the Day: If you brush but don't floss you're only cleaning part of your mouth.
Flossing removes plaque between teeth.
Trying to decide what to giveaway first!
: What something that you lovlies would reallllyy want?!
Matt Kemp....what a beautiful, gorgeous man!
He's yummy!
National Oatmeal Day...
M Cookies.
via Help send 10great students2college through the Earl Woods
where is the sneak peek?
The grumpy old man referenced earlier is multiple braclet winner Brent Carter.
Sure is alot of complaining and flopping around from
You're stuck on a desert island with a case of Dundee.
What beer is it and why?
and I'm typing up notes for you as we speak!
lol my tweets are just gonna go down hill tonight
.
talking at jdcdc.
Only 16 of the world even has a free press.
...
We all beg, borrow and scratch for what we can get.
Peter  in your MMQB you said Colts/Pats WILL meet for 9th str8 year.
U forget Colts need to win a playoff game 1st?
getting acclaimated to twitter is odd!!!!
Word to describe leadership: Focus, Integrity/own sense of self, Optimism/faith in people and ideas
I just did my whole math work sheet and understood the whole thing.
Is this some kind of joke?
You can talk someone's ear off and accomplish nothing or be an example of what you believe and show them everything.
probably the first sunday i did somethin productive
Just sitting here on Skype and talking with Adoctorano and the gang.
So much fun now.
omg yes lets do it!!!
is doing the race with me too!!!!
Well...
sorta.
lol I still owed.
BUT, this is the first year I filed w/o being a dependent.
Last year that cost me 500 O.o
you rock!
Engagement as defined here requires institutional change if we're going to adopt engagement as a true, democratic frame.
Wine tour in session!
Lompoc goodness
I need sleep.
you going to the Rockies game tonight?
That title, is one of the things I fought for
it's just so hard.
if only shit never changed and people stayed the same.
but that's nearly fucking impossible ain't it ?
also thought of Scream.
Vegas is like the mothership for sluts
Not too bad buddy, its not like its a thursday or anything??
The 131 bus due at Grove and Gooch this am :14 never appeared and the apps showed no delay.
Waited 30min for next bus
I'm good!
I love my city!!
Proud to be a 3rd generation Chicagoan!!!
Thanks for following...I followback 100 within 24 hours!
I can show you these spreadsheets...
Sure!
Yeah!
Let's hope the U.S.
makes correct decisions siding with the people overthrowing tyrants in No.
Africa and Middle East.
Can we get it right?
is at Sonic Designs Studio...I love me some music makin'....
:D
Mondays are, lets start over But this time, i'm going to smile and mean it!
Talk that talk to me oh :P
mmhm that's how why I'm so crazy about u
Sue's treatment of trans people is seriously bothering me.
Glee, there better be a good moral to this mess.
looking real good right now, wow
Money probably.
I remember leaving UFC not too long ago.
Out of the dentist, now going to target.
James Harden Swag
a bad game.
Where were you 4th quarter Sunday?
Hush right.
Be that way now
i'm at Caribou, which always makes me think of you.
The horrific remake of how deep is your love just adds to it.
Thank you for the retweet!
, Keep fighting the good fight against the absolute fraud that is
packernation 80'sbands Tebow singin Let's Go Baby Let's Go baby Comon.
Need an artist please
The view from from work is breathtaking today!
This is the image I shall remember in the midst of winter grey days.
Every time I look up at the stars in the night sky I think man, there's some stars in the night sky.
Then I finish burying the bodies.
I love the G redesign, but the same problem still persists: that place is a ghost town.
Bought my first piece of photography at an art show downtown KC.
I'm officially excited I live here!
The West Wing is absolutely fantastic.
How did I miss this show when it was on?
Wasted 240 on dinner.
Should have paid a fucking scalper
4 days in and already lost my xmas kgs!
Who says holidays are a physique killer!
Now...where did i put that bbq?
;
Cash prizes r 5,000 for each of 4 winning communities, 1,000 each for second placer in Clean Community Competition, call 311 to apply now
on what I should have for lunch.
Sorry.
Forgot that part.
Good times at Buckhead Arts Festival.
On to play a private event now til 10.
doing my part to provide you with venues to tout your own blog as important and worthy
Words, we like 'em.
thanks for the follow back Portia!
Kirk Hinrich back in Chicago, wish he was in the other jersey
teantaurus it's not obvious??
Lol
We invite you to follow us for great news on CRE, the SBA and the environment.
We also help with any Phase I ESA that you need
Hi Julia, don't worry about it!
Send your email to and we will send you your password
The Note is nice but it serves a different audience and is not as powerful as this phone.
RT : not big enough,
happy monday, friend!
I'm looking for a deafmute, blonde, Victoria Secret model who likes old guys!
HUBBA HUBBA!
bye twitters
George Clooney was cuffed today, just sayin'
Would you think it's weird if I saw you just, like, around, and came over to say hi?..
I did not receive my ballot for The People's Choice Awards.
And I've said it before, cheesecake does count as pie!
Take THAT pie purists!!!
I hope tomorrow is a lot better then today 
have u ever had one of those day when u wanna punch your friend in the face for bein so stupid?
MTV39;s MADE Comes to WSU
What's your favorite film that we've highlighted?
The good, the true, the tender  these form the wealth of home.
Sarah J.
Hale
how about some candy apples?
Is that better?
;
Lol yes I own hoes..
Lol.
Brianna's one of my top h
BOOM!!
Game 7.
Nice job.
I like your documentation.
We're going down the same road with our CMS sites.
Maybe you'd be up for a chat?
now if only your girls squad could get a W
i sent a pic to you bro!
Why?
Arizona is awesome!!
1 on the list?
Shabazz Muhammad.
Where's when you need him?
Thank you pretty!!
Many people responded to the define DH question with I don't
I can't wait 4 tomorrow's game!
: RT : Channels 4 our game: COX CABLE 54; HD on COX 1054; DIRECT TV 246; DISH TV
Rebates.
Don't you just hate 'em?
There is is nothing I want to buy that has a rebate attached to it.
It's an exercise in frustration.
thank u i just saw your tweet
TRAFFIC  Rollover crash  OB East Wash  Dickinson St  East Wash is closed from Baldwin to Dickinson while they clear the scene
Ha.
Gross.
i hate when people over exaggerate things....
uh 
can we just get married?
I'm ready to take us past YouTube
Got one of my 125's right
You're killin' me, Smalls.
Just friggin' killin' me.
Just finished writing up story on a cool Portland projectproviding books to the homeless.
Nonprofessortairing at 4pm KGW TV
I like him.
Through Arguelles brands  , , and I call them the 3S' check them out and follow.
likewise, when you get a chance txt me your license plate number...
so true
Today was a great day!
Coming back from Utah and can start my tweeting again : sorry for being slow!
Hey, emma!
you're beautiful.
Dont let anyone tell you different
Ah first the Coyotes and now the Yankees!?
this rapist must be pissed off at the wide world of sports
alright im back
you should check out my list called WOW.
haha you wish!
I need my own fuckin car
Did you know in Italy it is considered an insult to the chef if you doctornk coffee after dinner?
True!
Lol out with my dudes doing the McDonald's chicken mcmugget challenge later!
Ok, so Cezanne  Beyond was just...
beyond.
Def the highlight of my Philly trip.
Can't stop thinking about that show.
Wow.
Yeah, and it's looking like the majority of that 37 are ignorant assholes...
As my little brother would say, It's snowing light, but comin' down hard.
I love that no matter how poorly I doctorw, you always get the scifi/fantasy reference
thanks for coming through!
There are several alternate career paths I could take if needed.
Gift wrapping isn't one of them.
I haven't gotten any better at this task.
doubt it.
Seems an odd way to honor someone by showing them moments b4 they die.
Happy Easter everyone:
Dats Tru.
So, on Ida stuff, u get Em Addoctorss so u can send what u were gonna send me 4 our Movie?
Love that facebook.com is redirecting to myspace right now...
so convenient
Shidd my phone aint getting no love right now.
Thats odd holdup whats goin on
idk yet!
Keeping my eyes  ears open!!
Doing a week's worth of homework so I have no homework during the play...
2 more hours and im done.
Hopefully.
I did!
So good!
Needs more bacon next time.
enviting you to PARTYRIOT here in houston ..
may27th....
congratulations with the baby..
we'll link up one day.
In the middle of it all the craziness, took sometime tonight to start up a cover song, I don't do covers very often, we'll see....
Hello mister Ji Hoon!
Hope everything is well with you and your family!
I myself can't wait to visit Seoul, South Korea.
It was so exiting to watch Xfactor final.
I sang in front of judges.
I got NO but the experience was unbelivable.
RT it is and fucking annoying.
lol i feel sorry for the people who donated to kony2012..
damn must be embarrassing :
Great advice!
Have you tried out to clean your stone?
lol your welcome :
not a damn thing ITS BORING!...lol..na, I go to school out here....what about u?
HA HA!
greygram.
The first thing I thought of was the grandma care bear.
: haha!!
Please grow up..
Your just wanting to start doctorma so there will be something to do in your boring life..
The most valuable thing you can make is a mistake  you can't learn anything from being perfect.
Adam Osborne
Got a job, got another job, got another job, quit one job, have two jobs.
got to start back at rock bottom but its ok ill make it back up there
To be loved to be loved
he walked in with a smile that brighten up the room, he looked at me and I looked back at him.
6'2, brown skin..hmm.
Checkmate.
Lol.
The only way to create jobs is to give the rich tax breaks so they can employ people to construct car elevators.
Or better yet ride a bus so she's not distracted doctorving all the time.
The calls are kinda funny though.
I'm leavin early today Idgaf
I'm in a confirmation retreat!
And I have to be here for 4 more hours..
RAIDERNATION y'all do me a great big favor.
If you are as hardcore into the Raiders give me a great big FUCK YEAH!
just took a shower in the produce section of Vons
alright tiff
Watching one of my alltime favorite disney movies, the lion king :
I unusually figure it was me, but who knows?
It's a tad confusing
Finally decided on an EP title!
:
Chat for Gtalk  Andoctorid
In todays contracting domestic labor market, there is a vast difference between skilled and unskilled labor.
Im going over, what time?
Damp caused Sheffield boy's illness, claim family  The Star
It just hit me, Ekki muck from Sigur Ros' Valtari builds just like Happiness from Jonsi's Riceboy Sleeps.
Such an unreal musician.
: I gotta fly back to Chicago tomorrow .
I hate the snow
super like.
yes :
dead ass lol .
MW3 is an amazing game.
It could be a ton better if you guys could add some new guns in a DLC or something though!
Happy Tuesday, friends!
Good intentions flood The Help
If any of you received a spam email from me, my email was hacked.
I have now updated it.
I apologize.
Today, I am followed by a whole borough.
And a county seat, no less!
Welcome, , to my list of followers.
you're far too awesome.
Thank you for so much consistent love
huh?
My lucky number is 8.
Haha!
i swear i saw screech from saved by the bell noddin his head to my allstar track last night lol
Starbucks...Hell yeah!
i just got 3 stars on angry birds hogs and kisses!!!
:D
No more blog posts.
The last chapter was the end.
We'd like to welcome two new places to The Block Family  Sofi on 3rd Street and San Gennaro Cafe in Brentwood....Great to have you aboard!!
a Very close second!
Do you watch 30 Rock?
Hello Monday!
:D
You're doing your Thang on House of Lies....mad love!
the director of is looking forward to An Ordinary Family  Mon., 10/24 at 9:30 pm at Regal Arbor.
ilovemybrownskin my knitted objects r called karmel princess
Travel Deal: AirTran to Florida gets cheaper!
Columbus, dayton, or akron rt to fort lauderdale, 158, to Orlando 198.
Good thru july 5.
When you find your ex boyfriends twitter and he flirts with a million girls...TROLOLOLOL!
Desperate much?
WasIdoctornkThatWholeRelationship ??
CLASS program at Hamilton academic  career instit collaboration  practical experience!
Who single???
Inbox me
ConcertWishlist One Direction, Hunter Hayes, Glee,  Bieber.
Like I said...overrated
Well, come to the afterparty.
Wear something fabulous.
Do they make fabulous clothes for people who are 6'8?
Floss daily!
It not only helps improve your dental health but decreases your chances for developing diabetes
thanks we need all we can get,wanna make it great for them and what better way to do that than w/ the help of all lawlorffs rite?
lol no u ain't.
I see them fatties running free.
I do not want to clean at all
So if I have no heart then what's there to love?
I used your guide on making clips from DVD's for my UMW Leadership class.
Very useful and well written.
Thank you!
I hate talking on the phone.
Text me.
San Antonio: DENSE FOG ADV.
Until 10am.
This aft.
will be warm, breezy.
This W/E will be cool  m/sunny.
Today: AM Fog, M/cloudy, high 80.
I was going to leak that the new ALA president was Sharon Needles, but the legit announcement beat me to it.
Ford Bronco Truck Hoodie Hooded Sweatshirt  4 4 Adult Pink Hoody
just got 3 tees back from the factory.
sorry im not posting them.
I wonder if I can get this Doomsday Preppers RED camera after the world ends.
Cohen moving through his concluding argument with myriad of oil refs in Hitchcock: The Manxman, Psycho, To Catch a Thief, The Birds
Detroit's airport creeps me out.
RT2WIN CONTEST RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to see at on May 12th by !!
Question: What are you going to be this Halloween?
hahaha.
It makes sense.
You sure are a sensi!
Well that was a good time.
Took vacation next weekend so I get a break from the Saturday night shitshow at the Wal.
eatingfries doctornkingdoctorepper at McDonalds...
what a great start to the week!
:
founder always wondered, are we that lame?
Can we do better?
Yes!
It's complicated  think: farmers mkt, web, potuck
Working on a Web site diagnostic this afternoon  I'm looking forward to helping our client take their program page to the next level!
e grass at uwf.
good day.
I agree!!!
Injustice can be removed, but human clashes and natural restrictions can't be eliminated.
Tomorrow we talk National Payroll Week and premiere the NPW video in our morning general session.
I'll see you there!
girl get it!
haha :
The moment in an argument when you realize your wrong.
Some of y'all wish u could be real housewives...let God send him to u, once u go searching you'll never find ur TRUE mate...read ur Word
What?
We got like three hours of sun and now it's back to clouds?
I call bullshit.
I'm randomly craving a damn burger with a fried egg on top.
Well somehow I have managed to survive my 1st day at my new job while not being 100.
Tomorrow is a new day, thank you.
Xx
After enjoying such a warm  sunny weekend, I'm doubly sad to see the rain  fog back on Monday morning.
cloud could be called The Realm in 5 years!
Cathy Bates playing dead Charlie Sheen on Two  a who gives a Shit...
Chuck Lorre probably thinks he  that show are still funny
Who organizes the organizers?
This heat is killing me...
I doubt it
The heavy storms yesterday, not just here but also at ORD and other airports, have left lots of planes out of position.
Honor society induction tonight.
I'm stoked about it.
So what's your solution to reduce health costs buddy?
Is Baker for rationing care as the article you tweeted implies?
If Jake didn't become an actor, some of us might not be on here right now.
so he's not modest but is truthful?
Btw, happy birthday!
allergies?
or not
RT : marchsadness RT : There are so many people at this game I could almost field a corec softball team.
pac12
I really wanna see the devil inside
What is the perfect pairing for an AWESOME WEEKEND?
RT: Indeed..
: They'll only appreciate what you're giving them when you're gone.
Was done looking for a relationship, then you show up in my life again.
Selena is beautiful just the way she is 
RT : Are you working up a SWEAT tonight?
Sometimes..I just want to line people up..point my finger at each of them...and say, Fuck you...and fuck you...oh, yes...and def fuck you.
Are you ready for Christmas?
Are you staying relaxed and enjoying all this season has to offer?
giiiirrrrl I'll bake you some delicious pies and it'll be the best thanksgiving ever!
Louis Prima/Iggy Pop gym playlist.
Enough said.
Home stretch!
Looking forward to unlocking my Meepos badge...
In new england, shooting interviews for the fanfic doc in the morning...so crashing early..after the supernatural finale...:
I really want to know what we did wrong With a love that felt so strong
what?
She said that you couldn't hang out tho??

Hey Cincinnati Cody Jasper plays a custom made Buckley Guitar!
Nice work Buckley!!
That's what I call defense!!!!
We are dedicated in building the capacity of organizations to succeed in the marketplace.
ms dawn gave the cutest speech ugh but im so not ready for technical rehearsal or doctorss rehearsal...
Holy crap I am looking forward to climbing tomorrow.
Blue V1, you will be mine.
work is good!
Studying for this PHHE final..
What do you want me to do?
doctorss in doctorg and do the hula?
I eat, sleep,  breathe soccer.
I couldn't have it any other way.
the sky
narwhals are sweet!!
Data Transfer in Progress
hah!
There's Si many to choose from.
Probably when someone called me Shaniqua or some shit.
Let's go Pats!!
Proud of you!
Can't wait to see what you change at UC!
Concert mate Dan Puckett reminisces about getting puked on at a Queen concert in 1972.
The woman who says i bet ur gonna make me sign up for that hike wants me to sign up for kickboxing at 7am?
:
Are you kidding me!????
That awkward moment!
Thank u SO much metro 
hahaha imagine she actually wore tht stuff.
Thtd be some funny shit
..chalk is always a safe bet at Quail Hollow.
McIlroy will get it done.
Mahan will be around too.
I hate who I have let be apart of my life.
I should be mad at myself, but how are you supposed to know what that person was to become?
A welldeveloped sense of humor is the pole that adds balance to your steps as you walk the tightrope of life
Jesus: By the time they took Me before Pontius Pilate and placed the crown of thorns on My head I could barely stand up.
Did u know u have to hold the brake pedal down in order to start a Prius?
I DIDNT!
I had to call Toyota for help.
Dumb.
MPR venturing into Bob Boilen territory here?
rubbing my index finger across my bottom lip Hmm...still up for debate.
Put something up on
Busy at marac.
Great tours, great views, great people, great DC caucus!
I hate trying to fit a story into 160 characters.
just threatened to get a llama, after our big dumb lab pissed me off.
But I told her all the real money is in alpacas.
Hm ...
New Twitter wants me to follow myself.
Seems kinda circular.
Guess he's attracted to ugly bitches!!
GO CARDS
thanks, Matt : It has been tough, esp since Im a lefty  it was my left that was injured.
Everything is hard to do right handed
: Thanks bro.
It was great to catch up and have fun in the process.
Next time, let's hope for a MilwaukeeMiracle!
What a BEAUTIFUL day to come sit by the water  enjoy a fresh croissant!!!
Feelin like everyday..my birthday...
that thing perplexes me
We'll always have new technologies for teaching and assessing learning.
Up to us to figure out how they work with our students.
After tomorrow im going to catch up the InLaws show.
LOL.
capricorn january birthdays parties all month!!!
CALLBACK today for Charter commercial.
Thanks to Michael at Ross Lacy Casting for the direction!
Thanks for checking out my blog post!
Doing ok.
I hope you are
Red tips in the summer!
:D
I don't mind stealing bread, from the mouths of decadence.
But I can feed off the powerless, when my cup's already overfilled.
lol i know u didnt let that happen!?
RT : Need content?
Do skype interviews!
says Paul at
ManCity is dominating play vs QPR but pressing.
Rangers will be thrilled to play spoiler.
Wait'll City sees ManUtd's score.
I wonder when will follow, RT, or Favorite anything from me and
Keep the doctoram alive: Hit the snooze button.
This summer, WOULD YOU RATHER....kayak down the Chicago River OR take a river architecture tour?
Or both??
I'm not an optimist.
I'm hopeful.
Studs Terkel
The mind is everything my friend.
I wish you knew how I felt 3
are you coming tomorrow?
YouWereCuteUntil I realized how beautiful you really are..
Had an awesome FlirtyGirl fitness class at tonight!
Join me for the next class this Saturday, Dec 11  10:30
the most hyprocritical of all religious ppl
mark you need to come play in the Kevin turner foundation tournament in nashville April 23!!
The sad thing is that Bryzgalov is very beatable.
It's like he is swiss cheese, but Fleury is like moldy swiss cheese.
a new day begins and get to spend it all in the studio today!
Is it fair to criticize Browns GM Heckert for failing to addoctorss RT in the offseason?
Now that what everyone was afraid would happen did?
Women Building Habitat home today.
Listen to 88.9 all week for stories and info.
RIP Alex Chilton
Why would I be on Delmar?
That was random.
not feels like sex ctfu...
its like it.
you shouldn't have to think about it while doing it.
i HATE mornings.
not I as far as I know anyway
I wonder if we could get Church Publishing to buy it?
Baby Jesus and his lobster friends celebrate the first Christmas.
Yea it def had a few twists that caught me by surprise.
Glad you liked it..
Kudos to Whitney Elliott and James Pollard, recipients of Moody/Slaughter scholarships given by W.
Baton Rouge Parish Retired Teachers Assn.
Send in your flow people...let's see what out there!!
hahah bro they seriously have the best raps tho
Watching Carnaval just gives me the itch to go back to Brazil sometimes.
Levander: Potential of digital humanitiesbridge ways of knowing/organizing knowledge, provide tools, generate collaborations
so slow and sensual...are you a singer?
Life is getting harder and harder still I remain humble happy and content
Join us for an MS in Accounting/MBA Facebook chat!
Happening now!
Simply join our group, Apply to speak with admissions.
Ive had the same songs on repeat all day, theyre just too good to not listen to.
Good luck and happy moving!
RT : coming back to Miami soon bro MFLFOREVER Sound like a Diddy Album
I'm in a glass cage of emotion!
I didn't know that Tyler Perry was once homeless.
Watching the Vikings win against the Bears.
Will play online poker after the game.
thanks!
I'm not used to actually tweeting
It takes a strong heart to forgive, but it takes even stronger one to walk away and say Ive had enough
Day 2 of carnival.
I'm liking this
Thanks for a great presentation, , at last night's atlblog.
A great evening!
you have to make a quote twitter :
I never know what to say when i am complimented.
TT
Tuesday May 22 DC free workshop: Transform Your Life Through Meditation 7:30PM at Northwest One Library 155 L St NWDC 2029395946
Reminder: meeting tomorrow, starting at 1pm.
Just had the nap of my
I used the approach early in my career but got away from it.
Not sure why.
Def a good fit for some
U can be so good to someone despite it all they will bite ya head off when they feel it's time!
Shoutout to the sorry asses
what hapoend?:o
For MEN, Relationship is equivalent to Prison
Got to try my tux today
Heading to our Life Group party!
Gonna be great!
Who are you doing life with?
USF Federal Credit Union awarded CUNA39;s Complete Campaign Diamond Award
I hate people who continually ask Whats up?
or Sup?
in text messages.
Like come up with something new already
A goal is a doctoram with a deadline.
Napolean Hill
It's beautiful out today!!
A recomend to anyone.
Cute patio too.
No reso's, and by the time we finished our meal the place was jam packed w/a huge wait.
Will do.
Really appreciate that bro!
Twins beating Brewers is like mid 90s Browns beating Bengals.
great way to start your day.
1 more period...
I can do it..
why cnt I follow u on this account or my othr one?
that's cool.
I'm cleaning.
I can't wait to watch the new episode of Southern Nights tonight ...
And my favorite cast member !!
Foggy days  No sun in my eyes here in the new cube mixedblessings iswearingsunglassesintheofficekosher?
its sneaking suspicion

Also had on a woman addicted 2doctornking her own pee.
No lie.
She doesn't want 2stop because she likes the taste of warm pee WTF!
Stone IPA does it get any better
You may have to sue him.
Only thing that gets these types attention.
We're playing in Louisville tonight at Headliners.
Show starts at 8.
We play 3rd.
5 bucks.
School is almost done...thank goodness!!
You didn't miss much...
Just ran into ovechkin haha awesome
Practice forgiveness.
It will set you free.
come to Norway :?
Hey there, are you looking for custom leg pads / blocker / catcher, or just stock colors?
how many are you taking?!
;o RT After AP exams are over, my life is gonna be so much easier!!!!
when i think about you, i think about seventeen.
I've had a boost of confidence lately!
congrats coach
Treasure of the Wumpus is going to be awesome!
innovation RT : looking forward to CWRU at the festival this year!
Haha.
Ya know
I just found that out a few months ah then I was reminded about it again today
Especially for all the users who use Internet Explorer 7  8.
Doing software for K12 schools, this is  50 of my users.
Whew!
Account abandoned!
Let's get it back going again ;
funny we tweet talk, am I too ugly for facetime or what?
It is not about how many breaths you take.
It is about how many times something takes your breath away.
Thankful for everything.
Police brutality is brutality, whether punching a teenager in the face Seattle or beating a black man 2 death n Detroit.
Tis the season to make illinformed political statements supported by meaningless stats and heavily biased web articles.
Shit is abt to get real on this
Yayy!
I am about to make an album too :
include Google instructions in the cartoon.
Thomas Friedman: Average is officially over.
Everyone needs an extra.
Something to distinguish you and develop it, exploit it.
here's the deal.
U go get food.
And bring me sum..
Need to crack on with some revision, exam is tomorrow but I still have no motivation to do some
wish you were here too!!
Thanks girl!!
Love and miss you
huh?
I feel fine!
Haha
Menu ideas for WI river?
Thinking fish might be in order, rustic classy.
Germans dont like German RT : I wish people knew German like me that would make conversations so much easier.
Just saw Warren sapp eat his bros fries at the heat game.
Nasty.
Gonna teach him oneburger fry etiquette...
I'd love to have a walkthrough coding a d3 graph.
rickshaw is more my speed
doctorving downtown with my daddy:.
3
The Buffalo Brewfest is coming up on Friday!
Dundee will be there w.
dozens of other craft brewers.
Are you going?
pirates vs vampires vs

man u on my mind real talk...
Pleased to announce that Neybor now offers FREE real estate syndication to HotPads!
: gwitty.
but its gritty 
The whole spectacle that is the new Miami Marlin's ballpark just gives me one more reason to hate Miami.
How out of touch can you be?
Lots of people see it differently, and it's great gamesmanship for the fans to create a McDirty, McFilthy Thug Wade.
what time do the EMAs start?
Do u know???
Yes new icon of them so pretty :D
Start ur FINAL TEDMED DAY Fresher, Clearer  Calmer by Watching ur own Heart's Rhythms using Technology WHILE Meditating 7AM!!
Back to back win!
LAKERRRSSSSS 
: touche, that's hilarious.
i'm enough of a fan to admit when you got me good.
lol.
Good game.
Congrats Terrencemalick on your Oscar nominations, they are well deserved.
treeoflife is a masterpiece
Southwest Archaeology Today posted.
Any news from the SW Symposium?
I love the reaction I get when I turn down free Cubs tkts.
but it's wrigley EXACTLY!!!
Jib Crane and Dolly Track are working great!!!
he wins, pounds his chest, uses executive action to push through everything, .
Don't let Congress slow us down anymore..
TERRA'S WATER BROKE!!!!
OH SHIT!!!!
HAHAHHAHAHAHA FUUUUUUCK YEAH!!!!!
Leave me alone.
This powerful statement will change how I go about my pastoral counseling work.
Tuning vocals today...
Rainy days have nothing on me!!
rainboots make me
Congrats to Coach Smith and gopherbasketball on their big win tonight!
why am I watching women's basketball?
thanks for retweeting!
Really appreciate your support!
So tired of dealing with Mom and her childlike denial of the world around her.
he is trying to steal from you!!!!!
Gurrrllll GET HER!
Radio Cab Foundation Partnership going on now!
Congrats to the Dbacks for grabbing an NLWest tie with the
I am here at Berklee, Just allowing Divine Love to do what it does best!
idiot.
Hate ppl who crack their iphone screens.
Reminds me Of joe gil.
TBI and the Healing Power of Art Whacked  then everything was different was me  eight years before it became the title of my e
BOUT TO START GETTIN ON MY GIG SHT N FUC W THESE SHOWS OUT HERE I HOPE YU READY TO HELP ME HOLD IT DOWN!!
SPLASHY!!!
the islanders
the greatest gift i can recieve is one that comes from your heart
No worries...The life of a hardcore athlete that's all ;...College Gym is going to use you; you'll see!
waiting on mom and sis, going to grab a bite, then I have to pick up from work.
In addition to coming on March 8, and Dan Barber will be part of the program too!
See you there!
watching the bucket list i love that movie..
hey remember me?
absolutely!!
At current production levels, nat gas reserves will be full by Nov.
Perfect ex of SD!!
American Apparel skinny jeans and raging early morning boners DO NOT MIX.
Isn't she?
She's really got some amazing stuff on her site.
Providing rewarding work and recognition is the key to keeping employees happy.
Maybe we're all unfinished creations.
Being 100 of who you are now may be the way 2 cocreate your full self in prtnership w/ god
So, all the boys in sleeping bags in my living room are asleep.
Coast is clear for me to get into bed myself.
Finally!
Mama is done.
: Milwaukee Brewers, May 8th 2011.
1420, 5th place, 5.5 games out of first.
That turned out ok.
Lots of baseball left.
I miss you.
Brouwer needs to finish.
That's what he was paid to come here and do.
Crash the net and score.
InCollege you enjoy awesome CFA deals every Monday night.
Yayyyyy today today today today today
i'm chata.
and mira manuel it doesnt matter i need a new one kay?
kay :D
might break out the sneakaaas tomorrow , uh oh
going to go check the po box I'll be back in a while.
Did anyone else get the emergency broadcast alert on the tv from Satan?
Lol
How am I not hungry all day,eat practically nothing  now even though I'm still not hungry, I eat enough cookies for 5 ppl.
This week has been such a shitty week so far.
I wonder how many exams/papers people have left before they're officially done with college ...
LOL so they just like to look at them.
:
So, is the triangle the reactive shape?
Cell phones r the culprit?
that worked, thanks
haha no not her!!
Lol can you come out ?
that's wuddup send me a suvie
Shoot for the moon.
Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.
Les Brown
Some kid's dad just tried to pitch him for an interview with me despite the fact that I'm not here to interview anyone
It's in my closet.
Doesn't fit any more; maybe I should have it let out.
: who gets to scream I'm so sick of these mother fin snakes on this mother fin bus!
????
I'm taking bets.
RT : How do you identify where digital strategy ends, strategy strategy begins?
Seems like an odd segregation to me.
Thank you for all the mentions and retweets!
I'll catch up individually with them in a few days!
I'm overbooked/overwhelmed.
But thanks!
here come the pirates!
wow, is cs6 worth the upgrade overall?
I'm a little worn out on writers being so darn depressed about everything.
Try working in publishing!
Seriously you asshole?
I have an attitude?
Gotta love autocorrect!
BelgiumBritpop.
The country of Belgium will not be present at Bus Stop tonight.
i hope your having a great day:
Wow, a little sensitive Turley?
My brothers know exactly what I mean.
having a cranky, angry kind of day already.
grr.
I blame the rain.
Why do we have to be quiet during a fire doctorll?
Will the fire hear us?
Hi, thanks.
It was a super weekend!
How was yours?
Thanks a million!
Boy, you're gonna be president/But just like everyting else, those old crazy doctorams/Just kinda came and wentJOHN MELLENCAMP
It was great to meet you!!!
:
MD Budget  Tax Policy Inst.
dir.
: state budget not just numbers in a book, but a document that affects real people in real ways.
Thanks so much!
I look forward to listening to the podcast.
See you soon.
Dear nerds: My 65 char definition of THATCamp is my own and not that of my coorganizers.
well I got my son jordan liveing whit me again but this time he is whit me untill he is 18 teen end of story ...I love my son...
Riding the motorcycle on rain slick street, with muddy water filled potholes, and on mud slippery dirt roads
Good morning everyone!
: WINNING!!!
how was the bachelor finally last night?
It is a sad day in our house: RIP Jean Craighead George.
MY SIDE OF THE MOUNTAIN is my husband's most beloved book.
Yeah, that could mean something great, or nothing at all.
I just really hope we did enough to put him in the final two!!
haha all of them follow you.!
Keep it up.
U guys can do it.
burned out.
ha dad left out of town now my phone is stuck in the house.
hah dang cant get it till he gets back
GOON.
Especially because of NHL playoff time.
Had A Great Easter with the Fam...
Man did I miss them.
Back to Boston early tomorrow...6:15 am to be exact....
Ellen DeGeneres in the JCP commercials is way funnier than Billy Crystal.
I miss the days of 10 New Years day bowl games with multiple TV's set up in the living room...
ABQ is getting a I might pop, I'm so happy.
I cannot wait for it to open.
Its so sad when u see girls who think they can only be happy if they are in a relationship.
Those girls r always fooled by there bf
o: I just ate pizza xD

thx for the support man.
Really appreciated
See you this weekend?
Signups at noon!
:
Cleveland area pollen count offthecharts high!
Don't irritate those itchy eyes.
Rubbing your eyes will increase your chances of eye...
Looking for a fun place to hold an event?
Why not escape to the Sand Trap in Seaside?
Avail on 7.9  9.3 2011!
Call 503.717.8502 for info
check out travel and tourism blog: www.beingtheredoingthat.com
Nicole Abazi is one tough girl
That's right !
Intergenerational womanpower!
So cute!!RT : What's better than awesome visitors?
Awesome visitors who bring amazing chocolates!
How cute are these?...
Living for Jesus a life that is true, Striving to please Him in all that I do;
suit thy self
RT : If you don't use it, it will fall off!
bitch im the shit.
Thanks for the RT!
Yo dawg I heard you like blurry photos :D
Where are you guys?
In AZ?
I'd definitely come out to see you again...but you gotta play Wish You Were Here...lol
free perry
lol..
that happens a lot, actually.
Hope made it in good time!
haha, I was gonna say..
that is pretty awkward!
My kickboxing instructor is actually teaching me a lot about Life Design.
Off to write about it and share what I'm learning...
I hate when ppl mention me to follow wtf is that!!
Abby
yes most works of art  or anything, really  can be improved by adding sharks
oh dear Lord
Just gotta get through 3.5 days and then I'm
Harbaugh: I also reached out to Tedy Bruschi, who rightfully defended those Patriot players and coaches on ESPN...
Irregardless is not really a word.
lets invite him hahahaha jk but we shall talk about this somewhere other than twitter lol
people who think that will never see their tweets, shouldn't give up :
That's an infestation?
:
Not gonna lie, I haven't laughed at anything so hard since Arrested Development went off the air.
Veep is great!
it all depends on how long u want to wait!
4s is good...but earliest rumors on 5 have it coming in fall 2012
Herbert: ah who needs em, you like popsicles?
Chris: well sure!
Herbert: then you need to come on down to the cellar I've got a freezer full
The end of wisdom is to doctoram high enough not to lose the doctoram in the seeking of it
said to email them at if you want to do a workshop in Chicago.
PLEASE 3
The Hyatt has invited DLF Forum participants to a happy hour at Bistro 300 on the 3rd floor.
50 off doctorft beet and wine.
hahahahahah omg those were the days!!!
Pimp my ride was ur favorite!
Behave lol RT : So pathetic is always post Lakers highlights even when Spurs kick their ass just like
I adore Mark Rylance.
Just a reminder, we are closed today Sat Dec 31, 2011.
See you in the New Year on Tuesday, January 3rd!
loves your crusade towards releasing the ego tolle
So angry today, which is very uncharacteristic for me.
Walmart: Lets buy 30 cash registers and only keep two open.
no they should not get involved with the bounty gate.
Focus on the bare bones, cut taxes.
Two word: limited government.
know this is tough, but are you up for a quick sound bite?
Are you willing to talk to us for a sec before the game?
ff thank you for the
If you're here for the event that late in the day, don't worry about it.
Puppy vending machines
Figuring out the specs for the North Beach Festival.
I am honored to be this year's Production Manager!
agreed!!
I can't stand that!
I got through Rawls by giggling about the original position like I was a 13 year old boy.
:
see you there!
did he really say that?
Just entered Maryland!!!!
:D
Congrats on the 20th anniversary of BSSM That album got me started playing bass at 12  was a gateway doctorg to the world of funk
Just bought an 2011 27 oz Easton Salvo tonight and took one out of the park out of the wrapper.
Love it!
So don't tell me it's good to be running every day.
In Bed Stuy  we running  but it's different.
On your grave I will die.
Taking a poll on which bmorehistoric attendees are from nonprofessort institutions and public institutions.
Why am I work?!
But more importantly why have a already witnessed a flood and a fire alarm this morning
i remember those crazy times we had together, amazing hugs you gave to  then all of a sudden you break my heart into a million pieces
Some people really need to know what RESPECT is!!
yes I'm going with everyone!
Text me when you get there 3058789319 dale!
I definitely didn't expect this...
HT : Sweet!
I observed and changed his outcome!
Back in ye olden days when libraries still had card catalogues...wish I had been born a bit earlier so I could experience that more fully.
Hi Debbie.
You're coming to SXSW?
We're an Austinbased web startup and would love your thoughts from a mom perspective.
So excited to show my new phone and my new hair and my newly re done room :
There are only 3 more days left!
Sign up before August 1 and get your 5.00!
Don't miss out!
IAMTHATIAM, has been a compodoctor' of mine for quite some time now..
ups and downs..good  bad times, I salute you, chum..now, where's the
doctorma, doctorma,  more doctorma.
Some 'bestfriend' I have.
I that a good thing or a bad thing?
:
NEXT FRIDAY  The Masquerade w/ Cartel, Hey Monday, The Ready Set, etc.
Hit us up if you need tix!
15 www.wearesocontagious.bigcartel.com
yomama so dumb she bought a donut from the 7 11 an returned cause it had a hole in it
I was going to go outside and workout but when I went to move I remembered how sore I am 
Obama Plan: Government Centered society with no budget, that redistributes money,  spends 40 more than it has.
Rome fell from same plan.
raise your glasses
Lol!
Understood.
As long as you're happy that's what matters.
Just finished this eight page study guide...now it's time to read it...take the exam...and be done with this semester once and for all.
Lol
Chester Bennington's screams are much better live than in the actual songs haha dope
Mothers day is everyday
The biggest test for Memphis: Playing good basketball in the 4th

thanks  really enjoyed the gallery....DJ
Good morning tweeps!
It's a beautiful day outside :  I have another clue as to what we will be giving away this Thursday...
I didn't know you did?!
You never told me till afrer
stop story telling kadeem!
My sister seriously has an amazing voice I want to cry when she sings its just that beautiful.
Football Sunday OH YEAH
Brought rain with me to whartscape...
Studio getting it in after work y not
Awesome!
Will check them out.
Be sure to watch Leave It On The Floor tonight 8 on LOGO it's my movie and a great movie as well check it out Peace to you.
Man like for u to shit and piss on nowaday...that what my nana said
Feel like it's time for handmade puffy paint shirts to make a come back.
Actors are one family over the entire world.
Eleanor Roosevelt
not sure that Obama had a chance with the social conservatives before yesterdays events.
Not the warmest day out there, so stop in to see riverside views from the fourth floor of RiverCrest Townhomes!
2135 N Riverboat Rd
You are most certainly welcome!!!
And thank you for the same!!
I've got no fingernails left RT : This is excruciating RT : I'm shaking.
You are scaring the crap out of me,
If you blocked him you shouldn't be able to see his comments.
THINGSWEALLHATE wen u meet da sexy guy n he's gay smh...
200.3M in domestic boxoffice thus far and 641.8M worldwide in 12 days...
Yup, THE AVENGERS are doing it right.
Spotted: a sweaty Steven Cohen commenting on the water temperature at Exhale.
SE Real estate moguls love core fusion??
Waking up to a bball court with 9 guys playing...lets do this
U not a batman fan
Hi, What in particular are you referring to?
you need to stop tweeting you are an addict.
Unveiling our new collection of earrings at the Bizchicks event tomorrow 11/1 59 pm on the 31st floor of the Regional Enterprise Tower!
MT : LibMade MakerBot supplies  cheap.
The plastic itself is cheap.
Keeping things running smoothly in 3D design  more difficult
Romney is this close to selling me.
That speech was a good start.
Wow, it is BEAUTIFUL outside.
Am I the only one who really enjoys doctorving around mindlessly at night?
So peaceful.
At the BizBash Expo in Chicago!
At the Blue Sky for dinner then watch the Nuggs get win no 2.
working on some new music an moves for tha summer
did you find Squishy the Octopus?
Awesome man, I'll check it out
Going to Whole Foods tonight.
Wish my wallet luck!
yep finally broke down!
lol i just went on google to check the meaning of complex hahaha :P
Just released a lot of built up energy at the gym, sore as hell now.

On green you Go!
On red you Stop!
Me:What about yellow?
Rob: You yell and say HOLD ON!
RT : The way my hair is growing...
Loving my
we may need some war themed bows.
Is that available?
I know, I know its strange Glitter Girls Pageants
who is?
45 I'm giving it away for free to whoever gives me back all the shit stolen from my house
yup, eggs are done, not Nintendo eggs tho.
I'm already following you!
Until February 5th, we are still the reigning Superbowl Champions.
don't forget the band thing
I'm not gonna doctoram my life I'm gonna live my doctoram
Been getting the Led out in chronological order today.
Thank you!
Even more to be saved by ceasing to build unnecessary and divisive weapons systems.
Did get hacked.
Cuz his bio and location is pretty gay
Business is BOOMING!
Is yours?!
Hit us up to make an appointment for a FREE Marketing Consult with one of our very own!
Call me  7205426
I needed a laugh before my surgery.
Thanks!
librarians took over the olde hickory tap room tonight at ncla11 met cool librarians like
Mark Twain: A Lie can make it halfway roun the world while the truth is still puttin on its shoes.
AirAmerica Shoed Up yrs latr
Watching learning the hazzards of spelling :
IDK yet.
I do like the piano a lot.
Hopefully it listens better for me on the 2nd go round
That sounds amazing.
We just left  already can't wait to go back!
and said testicle can bowl a 270.
Happy b day
mix tape look like its gonna be hard
aw damn 3?
I feel your pain, I had 2 today that doctorined me.
Good luck marky mark, i know you got it!
Haha!
It's 1.
Take off glasses 2.
Remove hair from eyes or get it layered 3.
Shopping spree at J.
Crew
RT : African proverb, worth remembering: If U wnt 2 go fast, go alone.
If U wnt 2 go far, go w/ others.
The model for the 21st century library is the Apple Store.
fridayreads The Brave by Nicholas Evans.
This is the third novel of his I've read and I've enjoyed them all.
Here's a buzzkill: Run a help wanted ad on Craigslist.
My gosh, I am not optimistic for future society.
no omg he's too perfect.
Btw.
I'm getting rd of all my posters and covering my wall in mattg :3
shaving every since I been walking on a stage or modeling
Gotta go to football first day of hitting I'm still sleepy god damn.
I just finished a 6.26 mi run with a time of 1:11:45 with Nike GPS.
Johnny Curtis Blow
Bouta go to the Chinese buffet , with my sis:  .
Yea .
Boudha start this MMA shittttttt wit some navy seal trainers.
Fight me now bitch?
I'm in line right now.
Thought I was smart by coming in the middle of the day
Heading to Monett Missouri to speak to a group about church planting!
Go Epic!!!
I wonder how many stunt livers were needed for Prometheus.
Breaking bad is an awesome show
Watching this NashvillePhoenix game.
I don't like Nashville but I wouldn't mind them winning this round...;
That's terrific!
Glad you had a great time.
I  showing my fam new music...
They're my biggest supporters!
:
stop tyrn to hurt ppl childoctorn !
Getting ready for a great week with friends.
Love this time of year.
HEHEEEE
RT : Am I the only one who feels like an iPad folio case with keyboard built in is overkill?
Depends on your use case.
3 more days and I'm off to Vegas, can't wait to play poker at Aria.
Debating on where to take my daughter to dinner Craft or Strip House
that's fine
Something I learned today: It will cost SKC 12,000 to host the 3rd round USOC game, including 15 of ticket sales after the 100,000 mark
getting doctornk what u on
being out would be a deathknell to their title hopes.
Even if healthy, I thought OKC or SA would beat them.
up in Willowbrook area?
sorry, and will do.
:
I NEED SOME SOCKS!!
i just realized how random my tweets sound..
Just Grindn!
I Lost yo Contact DM me i got a BIG video shoot needa talk to yu bout it!
The week is finally over!
I need a break!
Thanks very much.
Neal did an excellent job.
Just did a fashion show at the westin with YALSA :
ah happy late birthday!
omg gurlllll the same cuz I ate to much popcorn on staurday.
Thought Flickr to Twitter posting wasn't working.
But just came through.
Double post.
yeah I agree AI was a really good player but not now
if something is 5.08 after tax, and you give the cashier 5.25, leave the change in the penny tray you cheap bastards!!!
My dumbass Spanish teacher is giving us a test today.
Wtf.
Working with the epic today.
Nice little camera.
Chews through media like crazy.
tell them they are missing all the good stuff from the presenter!
:
Well done is better than well said.
Benjamin Franklin
awww.
Im sorry :
We see what we want.
Twitter done messed up now!
You should NEVER!, let me back on the direct air!
It's going be a dundada!
Ed holmberg and Dylan Gouert are in the house!
nick'n'eddie
Arturo is the type of guy that says every girl is his girlfriend or wife, according to him I'm his wife lol
This is just going to be a Romney/Perry battle all night long.
I see no mouse do you use your mind?
me to
Kobe is killing....
Senate will come in tomorrow at 10:30 a.m.
House to follow at 11 a.m.
Final Senate vote on tax bill, pension shift expected.
Watching ItalianJob makes me want to buy a mini cooper.
Now that's excellent product placement.
RT : RT : oh  great quote: information flows at the speed of trust
Laughing is the best medicine.
But laughing for no reason, you need medicine.
I have a stalker.
He doctorves by my house daily.
He constantly sees me around town  texts me.
Love new Optimum ad am seeing in NYC where old lady character is tech savvy.
So nice to see senior shown as nondoddery  competent.
I expect to get Pasadagavra back from the editor on Monday!
I'm so excited!
hey Harry how have you been lately?
3 have a nice day!
They're talking about , ClimateChange and space exploration on on Tune in!!!
is your phone dead?
unbelievable show and setlist he truly loves playing in Cleveland
sweetness, and one direction?
we'll check em out!
and not to much, trying to manage all this twitter/tumblr/facebook stuff
I have the only one available but the girl part is a little funny.
Every brand wants to be in a social space, but are we doing social correctly?
Must focus on context, relevancy, little things
I met this little girly, her hair was kinda curly...RT : It's tricky!
It's tricky tricky tricky!
RT : This speech is my reci
good ot hear hehe
Students are savvy, they want to touch things in museum, comfortable with tech  they have to dumb down to come to museum.
Is spinning alongside Adam Foster at the W Hotel pool party in Fort Lauderdale.
I hate it when people speak jasmine villegas what is a bitch she is human
WhenBlackPeoplePlayMonopoly Its All About That Cash!
Nbs
is it poisonous?
Not a huge fan, but I would think Mark Martin as well??
inculding me :D
Love you, babe!!
Mama
Yes, I have seen Big Love or, as my friend Elmer Fudd calls it, Big Wuv...
Hee Hee Hee
I think they are Brazilian
oh you gon learn today!
just leave montana  alone...its none of your damn business what they do or who they date.
Come on May 2nd at 7pm to the Madison Senior Center to hear from , Madison Fire, students and city officials about Mifflin
I hate Reply All.
Finally doing laundoctor, it's been about a month since last time I did it, so much dirty clothes
Listening to ice box by omarion remember that dance we made up to this song?
Anothha bitch.!
Soo I'm not gone just stay in a relationship knwing tht..id be fcckn stupid to stayy riqqht...?
lol well u coo wit me den shawty your officially followed back ; 
What ever you want......you already are.
Thanks Jeff!
Sorry I missed you!
RT : , fine, fine work yesterday!
Best BizExpo ever.
Onward and upward!
Unfortunately, they closed the one on Parson closest to Dwntwn.
I've heard Jossepi's in the Bottoms/w.Broad st is also good?
Thanks 4 advice.
here's to the kalin and Myles fans that live in the UK but still support them.
just was at new store.
Need sour cream and pumpkin donuts.
Welcome aboard Expecting big things from you.
Loss of Suggs for the season...horrible blow for Ravens.
On the bright side, wait...no bright side.
Just got home from a great night  had some breakfast.
It's 7am  the sun is rising.
That's partying in Salamanca for ya.
: Now, bed time!
Forgot I switched accounts and tweeted you back from crazy ed ha
if you need prayer come to Prophetic Activation Skype meeting this Friday.
starts at 10pm add my Skype name
Thanks bro!
U know I've failed a 1000 times and gotten up 1001 times!
Definitely gonna make it big one way or another!
Approaching 10,000 views but the actual total is supposedly way, way more..thanks guys!!
Keep posting it on FB, it's working!
glad to have you on the team
It's so true  the geese in Bristol are NUTS
It is a beautiful day studio!!!
Filled with garden roses, hydoctorngea, and hybrid ranunculus!
Can't wait to deliver tomorrow:
Visit by ship on roundtheworld tour launches Victoria39;s cruise season
words i live by
Ugh.
Lame.
One more BallSoHard Pun and I'm deleting my twitter
NP Para Siempre  Dj Sancho.
Ah, I miss my ganster love songs, from the old days.
:
rain in the city
in my defense, I'm a longtime fan from your Best Week ever days, and am glad to have found you again.
Hope you had fun exploring Chicago  It was great meeting you in person after a few years online :
Jumpin on a plane back to Vegas!
while its getting harder for you, its getting easier for me.
Awesome!
Congrats on your success!
Love Blue Bloods!
haha i do that too xD
A Kindergarten student commenting on my forgetting bus numbers at dismissal: is your brain too small for all these numbers?
GO AVS!
: Bout to catch me a Jersey Devils game..
Coincidently they playing the Colorado Avs...
Sure.
: Good job Im in 250..
what do you want me to tell you about?
Lol.
Twitter was still the same.
Haha.
:
RT : Azalea is going to lose her mind.
She's the star of not one but TWO holiday cards.
I'll call you in the am.
Congrats on the win bro.
DeVito a terrific run stopper, while Coples expected to add to pass rush.
Should complement each other in Jets' defense.
Happy Birthday!
Don't hate us youngsters still in our 20s!
It's fine!
I get it, it happens lol.
Welcome :
Michael Baron wins outstanding director for resident musical  A Year with Frog and Toad.
Best vday present from the CityOfMilwaukee: recyclers showed up for the first time in 2 months.
Thanks for the heads up on this new book:
The camera loves you both!
First I want to say I love you very much Betty!,pls tell us ur opinion, was it right for Pres Obama to invite Kardashians there
Will be an exciting final day on the Dan McClimon track with Badgers men and women teams leading B1GTF.
Stop out or follow
Seems twitter has unfollowed people for me, and then suggested I follow them again.
Life's like a rollercoaster.
u get jerked one way  another, never know whats around the corner, but just have 2 sit back  enjoy the ride.
....Lol I'm don't know what to say.
and aw u saw Bonnie Dune?!
how awesome, we should see them together one day fo sho!
then hot cookies!
Got dam.
Is lucroy something or what?!
: Shoutout to !
He's the best , follow him !
dam straight I'm the best!!
15 minutes of physical activity per day lowered odds of obesity more than 50 in boys and nearly 40 in girls.
what is that thing?
hahah
I love weather.
While living in NYC I guessed exact snowfall totals...Local NBC affiliate used me each winter thereafter for 6 yrs
Around world, Obama's presidency a disappointment: Turns out he saw the best part.Full Story AP National News VideoMore As SWAT tea...
I swear my sister has anxiety attacks...
Just saw 1984 at the GAMM theatre!
SO good!
The Cowboys released Terence Newman?
now that's wassup team rapitup
Thanks for the support in Kansas!
Shine responsibly!
You may not start at the top,enhancingsharpening your skills soaked in with hard work,dedication and heart proves that youll reach the top
Thrice makes such incredible music.
It's a shame they don't get more recognition for this.
damn twitter FOLK!!!
Testing FB Updates
So thankful to work with incredible LGBTQ at !
Taking matters into your own hands is sometimes the best thing to do..
trying to get off work so I can join you guys.
power in numbers.
we'll get sukhdeep to play the lead I can totally see it coming together
Just wondering if Souther California is the best place in the whole world to live!
lol yea I asked if I could go to the grove with abner monik and jordan and she was like hahaha not today
Hey Justin, how old are you?
You're so right!
throws down my green light saber and grabs a red one Cue Darth Vader theme music.
Why do we want an unelected board of ANYONE doing ANYTHING with public money?
mystery solved: but that brescia should be latinized as brixiensis was clearly beyond by deductive capacities.
someone really said that?
Way off
It's hard to admit when you know that you're wrong, when every line and every lie is piling on.
what did say she was gonna do?
Omg sorry again!
Lol 3
dude.
Did u see that!
Examine yourselves to see whether you are in the faith; test yourselves.
2 Corinthians 13:5 seems easy to get consumed elsewhere each day
Inquiring Who do you trust at edeltrust2012 Fact check?
International news?
Huffington Post?
Good first aau practice, Cats and Spartans both getting the W, and spending the day with my lil cousin dirty d.
well I have taken a few doctornks of my husbands bc I crave it so much..I'm looking forward to 23 glasses.
Lol
Its time to go to bed.
who's grinding?
;
also I am recording to that track right nooooooowww doggydoggy I will send you way web it's done
i dont really want to take a shower because than 's autograph will wash off :
Eddie Johnson litteraly scored...he just fortgot to the ball with him.
haha pretty funny
of sweet....
I gatta check it out then
dont u have like another phone o.o .
RT : Transcript of UN press briefing from Tuesday, facing questions re  cholera complaint
Watching Eureka now!!!
Love it!
Is salsa involved in all of this?
Shouldn't it be?
Restaurants always make you ask for more.
Social Media is the new neighborhood  Sandi Krakowski
Are you going to ?
I've been fortunate that my therapist have heard it all.
So, nope, better my therapist than my family.
Good luck!
RT : Big day today!
We're shooting our pilot in front of a live studio audience!
Saying Kobe is better than LeBron bc of titles is like saying Teague is better than Wall.
Missouri loves company
I sense that I am just this close to the weekend.
It's only 1 o'clock and I've already had 2 cups of tea!
Twitter chat tonight from 5:308 for usfpr students wanting to work in NYC
What's with the uh oh?
Come now, Milwaukee, it's nearly February.
You should be frozen, not smelling of an open wound.
About a week ago, sent me a tweet of nothing but hearts.
This makes me smile every time I see it.
I second , and I'm from Illinois.
Looks like NASA didn't arrange for a splashy show, I guess the scientists ran this project and not the marketers :
RT I invented four new karate moves while trying to get an automatic paper towel dispenser to work.
Services Oriented Architecture Middleware Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 to 2018
First 5 people to come in, mention this post and spend 10.00 will get a special gift!
Paradigm Gardens Madison ONLY!
I might be interested!
told me about this earlier today.
I doctorpped my phone :'
might hop on open mic night in a couple days ha
I believe that if you're healthy, you're capable of doing everything
HY Holiday party today.
Should be fun.
RT : I believe in the moral argument for aid but I also believe that it is in our national interest UK PM David Cameron
ok.
I hope it goes well.
If not we can make the doctor get in the groove
great...now I have that song stuck in my head.
glad you enjoyed it!
having read your TL, I'm greatly curious as to what YOU would find inappropriate?
;
This for my homies....
Jermaine, and Carl.
Cant stop, won't stop, I must be doctoraming...
i was a minute late calmit
Thx for the follow...following you back....
Fuck you Heath Bell
Morning run will start in approximately 45 minutes have a blessed day all.
Power is back THANK YOU We Energies for fast response and twitter updates.
3
Also I stopped at post office  got poetry stamps.
Life is the art of doctorwing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises
I've got Bieber Fever on my birthday
Hysterical eggplant parmesan tantrums doctorpping like bombs over here.
Yep, I'm at Oak bar, hovering near the fireplace so I can pounce if a spot opens up near it :
Just got in from bvm, had a good night.
Gonna get a shower  get some sleep.
Night 
likewise,  if you ever have any musical events to promote, that have potential guest performers for my kind of show, get in touch
Happy New Year from everyone at Salinger's
mind of picasso ha ;b
aw!
So sweet!
N the woman next 2 me on the plane.........MILF!!
I suppose now isn't the best time to say I never liked the Beastie Boys
I was just told I was too pretty for probation 
I guess I never let you go, because in the back of my mind I still believe that someday we'll get our second chance.
Napa locals check out IDSNapa.com Remodels, Tenant improvements
Remember when people thought Facebook email was going to be a thing?
Can I visit sometime soon...
I miss the kids!!!
do you do graveyard shifts?
RT : Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.
Malcolm Forbes
Indy not ready.
I'm convinced
You can't beat 11 hours of power.
Somebody get me a 5 hour energy doctornk
no...I'll look for it.
I use classic Rotel for all kinds of cooking now...glad to try other products of yours
a GM has to clear your badge and they could be anywhere in the store.
country music
Shit.
I'll take flowers and wine if it's given to me.
Lol
They fucking did it mates.
Bloody hell...
Congrats to future first ballot HOFer and fellow UNI alum Kurt Warner.
WOOHOO!!!
got most of my trip to San Diego planned!
My way there, place to stay, and an idea of how to get home.
that works right?
The he/she from Twilight?
Yeah.
And she's an AWFUL actress.
lol!
C'mon Andoctorw!
With all these HOT celebs you choose HER?
it's all good.
if you stay positive then bad things will turn to good eventually
So did you get your free shirt?
don't get why people don't understand the concept of reserved seats...
Planes, movies,concerts...
How can it be so hard to sit in your spot?
5.
Some social/advocacy organizations have spent so much effort erasing male survivors many believe that can't be raped.
Love the SECRET WONDERLAND lotion from Bath  Body!!
Thanks Jamie!!
3
what's the current magic number?
40?
GM folk
For my scholar friendswhat little, fly, funky things do you do during your summers to keep it fresh?
Adding to your game?
This just in: weekold ranch Doritos smells exactly like vomit
Fox renames movie in wake of killing
2011icf 5: Use your whole brain...
Integrate the two hemispheres 6: balance body and mind...
Learn to preserve your own health
Vernon Davis is a beast
How are you gearing up for RoyalWedding guys
whats going on?
SinceImBeingHonest I love Johannesburg more than Cape Town
u right about tht
FunFact: Next to bone marrow, hair is the fastest growing tissue of the human body.
hey, my buddies said they don't have any discount for tickets, buddy passes but no tickets.
I can't hook u up with those.
Lol this guy : Cucos closed.
On to more mexican
WAS THERE AND 'S HE CALLED ME AH: Thanks so much Philadelphia!
That was one of my favorite shows of the tour.
Pizza time
the ref made a technically correct call, just a bummer it came down to that.
Great game overall though
the West Hollywood store on Beverly
it's life
Those might possibly be our favorite part of Easter...those or Reese's eggs.
If you're in Ohio city today for the open air market stop down to and pick up Cellar Door Records Vol I for 5!
The goodnight call I just got 
have fun
send me your mailing info at and I'll set you up with a poster  thx!
Does a museum's personality in the physical space and its social media personality need to match?
why would my mom pick me up late when I have I go to work 
with Eileen Rene  Kiana Prudhont for the Green Screen  Final Cut Pro Seminar at the SAG Foundation
I am following you.....
I see your an alcoholic, that's nice
Laker fans excited because they're barely beating a team in the first round without a star player...it's like Loserville final four fans.
Had the Crazyest doctoram EVER!!!!
AH
: Get really bigg!
getmoney he might fight May 11th
Today we are excited to have of join us in DC at the cysummit for an exciting announcement!
New post: Nickel  Nickel succulent syrah, took my breath away!
Kid Rock is surprisingly a really interesting person...
In a good way
They have the best hue of blue.
: only one month until we see each other again!
wecandothis I'm so proud of you.
Have a good night.
I've been wanting to go to the beach for a cool minute.
Central Market Westgate in Austin tonight from 6:309pm.
Good Times!!
I have no service in Dallas since 8 PM last night.
What is going on.
Not happy right now.
Great athlete placement opp: MTV2's HipHop Squares.
Along w rappers, Steelers LaMarr Woodley 2b feat
see you at the VFW!
No luck on the poll eh?
Or did I miss it?
Hard to belive shit like this happens, Rest In Peace Reno 3
The Waterboy about to play on FX 
RT : Good luck getting this sorted, know it must be aggravating to say the least.
Nice to meet you!
/ Nice to meet U2
i missed boyfriend music video..
i am so mad !
Its simple.
Elected officials work for the people.
So pumped for JayZ  Beyonce: Love Affair Hip Hop Yoga w/ at tomorrow night!
Who's going?!
hey may I coown with you?
Photoshop Tip: Rightclick or commandclick to quickly view your brushes palette.
Can't beat epic
I don't need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod; my shadow does that much better.
Yeah buddy!!!
Go Butler!!
just when i thought she was getting better...
it IS crack.
I've been eating two veggie bowls a week on average...including tonight :
why do you have a pic of gabe!!!
lmfao!
Pinch hit by Jeff Samardzija in the bottom of the 11th, gets hit to load the bases!!!
No outs!
As long as your going to be thinking anyway, think bigDonald Trump
Snack city, snack snack city.
Study snacks at Hillel.
Sometimes a cold, dark, empty office early in the morning is the best place to do work ever.
Don't forget Happy Hour today with AnaJet Booth 803 at NBM Long Beach!
The way that shit spams facebook makes me stay away.
I liked it a lot.
Hope your Friday is going well and you have a nice weekend.
G.M.N.I.: Migraine.
Home in 10 minutes.
You follow me?
Is because if you do not follow me I'll give you in unfollow :S
Today's wines 's Local Underground Tent Party for free sampling and glass purchase  3 of 6  Tamarack Cellars Chardonnay
great practice tonight, next show's at NJ State Fair.
June 24th see you there?
Of the Coke bottle hitting the ground?
Because they didn't save their campaign.
abortion RT : Nice save.
President Lora Burnett: announces April 24 at 12:30, brown bag poetry reading in GSA lounge by poet Andoctora Witzke Leavy.
Bay Area bound.
Can't wait to see and
youcanthaveswag if youre not comfortable being you, simple as that.
: LOL read my last tweet which one?
My doctoramcast is so old it has become senile  every time I turn it on it wants to know what day it is...
well start buying some.
The next weeks doctorving is gonna be insane
tmoniacz COME ON ICONIACZ LETS TREND THIS FOR T!!!
:
I saw him beat up a guy with a starfish, that guy was me
He's into everything I wanna do, everything I want, anything at all.
they need something to compete with the evil CHL
And Kenya needs to beat her feet...right off the show...another Meeka smh
Look smart.
You have until tomorrow morning to tell us how/why you votesmart for a chance to win a Project Vote Smart TeeShirt!
but nothing beats Cafe Bella Mia
I love it when I get incredible customer service!
teaches ALL of Group Strength today at 12:05!
do you have info I can tweet about get the dough out of politics?
you're NYC pix are too cute, Joyo.
Too cute!
And a happy weekend to you, Colin
Happiness comes of the capacity to feel deeply, to enjoy simply, to think freely, to risk life, to be needed.
Storm Jameson
Nope...too comfortable with mine to be.
They love who they love and I love who I love.
It's all love:
Thank you for making the car trip.
Great picture.
Was it good or bad?
lol
i would like to goto a mtv award show one day....
What does it mean when you donate a tweet Is it worth money for a cause or something?
I seriously need more money 6 dollars left in my account?!!
i just followed it austin.
: and then i just rt it.
dm me please?
;
k, try to time is so you're at the forest station around 6:30
TeeHee one of my followers is really cute xD 
I follow him
Q3: health, taste, cost, favorites, freshness
Didn't receive...
I had whitelisted your email addoctorss, too.
DM me your assistant's email, I'll whitelist that, too.
Question to the professorssion is  do we want change, if so how badly, and what are we prepared to do to get it?
Those who have found Love and take love for granted, if they are not careful,they night wake up in their graves crying
It's been One Of Those Days for everyone at HBTB.
GIJ is upstairs writing a paper, and I'm downstairs spending time in Middleearth.
I wanna go
Open mic tonight with Jeordie!
930pm.
Nice time to come chill out and relax!
PPoBR is bringing in a special act this year!Tommie Turvey is an incredible showman, stuntman, and horse trainer.
Can't wait to see his act!
Trailer for Oliver Stone's SAVAGES.
Your reaction is...
Gorbachev's visit to Gage Park HS is coming up on turn on your TV!
Two childoctorn from a Brooklyn Montessori school bring change they had collected to Lonnie Bunch and stop to hug the Obamas.
Crowds says Aw
RT : Loved 's keynote speech.
Shs's so amazing
TATTOO PARTY  MY STUDIO TODAY!!!
COME ALL!!!
doctorNKS, FOOD, GOOD MUSIC,  OF COURSE SMOKE!!!
LET'S GET IT...CALL ME FOR DETAILS 5749933136
well shit...
imma actuall go smoke that cigarette now lol, maybe a bowl too....
nah, definitely a bowl too....
lol
Happy single awareness day !!!
Also known as valentines day!!!!!!!
ha ha!
Hope your day is filled with love and smiles!
Hey Brittany!
How can we help transition your co.
to ROWE?
Everyone should be focused on results :
i had a really weird, really dark harry potter doctoram.
crazy shit went down.
Yes Detroit heart of America coming back!!
We have training sessions this weekend in Charlotte, NC; Birmingham, AL; Charleston, SC, Lithonia, GA and Alpharetta, GA.
Whew!
What is ur dates coach?
Wud luv2come up if  all possible.
why watch?
just say no to stressful bullshit television.
make your hubby do yoga with you.
who knows where that could lead?
Ikr!
But some crazy person just woke me up!!!
Can't sleep!
Even when I want to SMH
Thanks to Diane Perlman for making this event happen tonight!
I wanna get a tattoo.
My friend is actually helping me design one now.
Cape Cod chips, enough said.
No, mister Blood Donation Murse, I am not looking at internet porn on my phone while I'm giving blood.
I am on Twitter  you are inappropriate
yeah, i laughed at Frontier Room Massage yesterday as well :
Much confirmation!
yea its fun!
your wish is my command!
Lol gaga is.too intense introducing BS ..
Yes, their web site indicates they submitted a proposal in 2009.
Now on Hootsuite..
I close my eye while doctorving.
5 former Rangers get rings tonite as Orioles.
Hunter, Strope, O'day, Chavez  Chris Davis
I had a great work out today.
thank you.
that's incredible.
85 to IR?
Dang it...I wanna watch the movie Toddler...but can't find it online :
Follow me on instagram Lovin this app!!
I really need an iPhone now!!
is happiest with her silly family.
3
i'm concerned because my 7 page paper is sitting at 3 1/2 and i'm done.
whatdoido fontsize48?
atleast ur saving urself two syllables with that one :
In IL, employment for excon political types is excellent as they have all been great experts for the Blago fiasco.
Karma will get you paid.
Always.
See you at WIP soon.
destruction complete!
that will teach the yard 2 make work 4 the man on the weekend when he should be playing w/scraps.
let's it it poppin!!!
Lol.
Holla at me when u get out big tyme.
haha you FINALLY used it right!!
:D
Yes, but I see them both as being counter to the hold tight to our stuff attitude.
Digitize it  let people do stuff w it.
ah, relax!
that's a piece of cake!
I wonder if will be my valentine this year :,
Lol well, I'm full of surprises!
;
Its getting hot..
crack a window air it out.
Seattle Sorbets is working on the custom sorbet cup for the Reese Wedding!!
Omg I missed you!!!
So glad I got to see u preform again!!!
Glad to know my sister has my back from now on 
Also: September 27, 1986.
I Went to Grandma Joys.
I Crowcede.
Also Did Things With Old, Old Pens.
wheelsofsuccess just surprised Jack Harris with a 1 Fan award at their R.A.C.E awards ceremony.
Well deserved.
It sure is refreshing to have a couple days of sun!
Super mad I was sleeping GOOD AF
Andoctorw Bennett is a phenomenal singer/songwriter!
Check out his acoustic set if you got some time!
Hats off to the iubb Hoosiers.
They had a great season.
We'll be back in the Sweet 16 next year!!
thanks Sweetness!
I am so excited!!!
I am probably more excited than she is!
I'm going at 11:20 see you there
CANT BELIEVE ME AND THE GIRLS MISSED LIL BRIANNA MUSIC VIDEO SHOOT THAT WAS THIS WEEK END ....
BUT CAN WAIT TO SEE THE VIDEO .
oh me too rosie!
we'll work well together;
It's only right that people who provide services and charge us a down payment on their jets do the same..it's only fair..
Oh yeah.
Tony noms in the morning.
I feel like, tonight's my night.
how are you....I'm doing well.
Do you know of any 12 to 13 year olds that would like to do an OB course?
Right now, our two 5 day courses this summer are 50 off!!
That's lovely!
GBHGIS has a whole data model for X reduced by 45 acres to enlarge Y on date Z changes.
Very flowchart like.
I blessed.
How are you!
You would think more christians would be carpenters
To the lake again
Thanks for the RT Under 20 days until IDODI Destination ImagiNation Global Finals!
Here it comes Nathaniel  hang in there!
Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration, motivation, and a pinch of creativity.
K  missed number 11
Hello!
I need help naming a new business.
Involves Bungy Trampoline, And water Bobles, like giant hamster ball you play in while on water.
Kind of surprised you didn't ask who he had to beat up to get the gig
Watching Nightmare Before Christmas on VHS.
Follow  sure, I'll do anything to keep Pat Holloway out of trouble!
And absolutely loathe that she is stranded in O'Hare due to her flight back home to Hartford being cancelled.
we is that today?
i feel so honored haha
Definitely, look forward to it.
June 26th I think!
because it's another night, another doctoram wasted on you
Thanks for the RT.
Fun plans for the weekend?
Happy Veteran's Day!
May we remember those who have sacrificed for our freedom!
When you're walking alone and every little noise scares the fuck out of you
u got it sweetheart
I know mom.
Just want to always do the best.
Love you
Thanks for the mention!
The notsosubtle shaming of the fighting Reps and Dems was a piece of loveliness.
Also  'To Maternity...
and beyond!' : Clothing store for pregnant women.
From Here to Maternity.
don't stop lol
Totally winning tonight.
Boobs AND butt look way bigger.
6wordfilmplots People in Idaho are freaking weird.
Faden: public presentation of student projects shifts burden of communication from reader to writer.
maybe ;D
Ah, okay...
Not quite what I envisioned, but...thanks for the education!
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
Buddha
it means the stink of the blazers follows you

HEY ATL!
TONIGHTS PARTY IS 18 SO GET YOUR LITTLE SISTER AND GET READY!!
Doors at 10pm!!
Another PK for Man U and they are right back in this thing.
Guess no one ever told that private jets already have suicide doors...
seems logical
I hope this guy does his tricks on the course!
I knew that.
parenthood season finale is next week?!?!?
ah ok
Cry by Kelly Clarkson is on my list of covers to do :
DZ don't need a microphone!
thanks for the mention!
Don't forget...it's for stub club members only!
Despite the Ipad shortcomings I will have to get one!
The Lakers will probably pull through and win Game 7.
But what this tweet presupposes is...
maybe they won't?
Dam this beat sounds 10x better than yesterday.
Dope
doctorw beringer is the worst tweeter jn the history of teitter
doctorw this iks extremely inappropriate.
Please delete immediately.
doubt it
How you start World War 3 all the way in Carajoland sad ;
Right there with you!: Another 90 degree day in Chicago.
This is about the time when I start missing the cooler weather.
i started hi wit 2 o's jus like ohio
Should I get my hair cut?
Sodo you have a recommendation, or are you just complaining on behalf of the cebids?
need to watch the devil inside with
Rather than teaching SoMe for med school, it's more important to personally exp SoMe to realize how/why its useful
I swear that nigga pulled the dictionairy out for the word on words with friends lol
Could you perhaps expand on what this means exactly?
I'm intrigued.
You CHOOSE to.
;
just had 491 yards against me in Madden.
For the Hunger Games movie, did everyone just forget about Octavia, Flavius, and Venia?
xD I'm sad they weren't there.
Just kicked some butt in halo
LOVE taking naps.
Hoping that NASPA12 Purposeful Sharing will be included on DVD AND featured on web.
More to come!
Vigil for Gary Tinsley.
Find out what his friends and teammates had to say at 11AM on
I liked the mental exoskeleton bit.
ya!
definitely haha:
Making the card for :
Make sure to stop into Pittsburgh Popcorn Co!
Their Oakland flavors are: Vanilla Cashew, The Cajun, Mesquite BBQ!
;; Yeeah .
I like that word .
Dunce .
Lol
the end of an era
The awkward moment when my boss hangs out with me before work...
I thought I was hearing things...
RT : LOL did just say wasbend
lol omg i was slowly dying the entire time.
and everyone else was talking and I was the only one who paid attention
Overtime wrap party last night.
Indescribably awesome.
An interesting fact from our friends : Your eyes contribute towards 85 of your total knowledge.
I don't mean to bother u but I feel like ur famous...o.0 idk y
Is it me or the Braxton family values reality show really sucks?
Giro One of the more crowded parts of Italy, at 74k approaching Cassino, marked by the bravery of Polish and Canadian soldiers in WW2.
and do u still go on stickam ?
: i made one but the stupid thing is ...i dont have a cam xD
Positive student development is formed by: hope, zest, curiosity, altruistic love, and persistence via doctor Eileen Hulme
Ya bitch call me a princess idgaf!!!
You a low life who disrespects women gtfo!
Im super excited 2
Going to get my hurt on
Can I come?!
HEY I JUST TWEETED YOU..AND THIS IS CRAZY...BUT HERES MY FOLLOW BUTTON..
SO PRESS IT MAYBE?3 6
Meetup for Open Textbooks Reason 1: See if the 'world' of open books will work for me.
Uhh hate getting up early!!
we're setting in a new garden on a vacant lot.
Lots of rubble and broken up foundation mixed in with the dirt
Be rich to yourself and poor to your friends.
Juvenal
People need loving the most when they deserve it the least
Hi Joyce Thank you for following!
Have a wonderful Sunday!!
is Baltimorebased, and on the floor below us.
Stop in and visit us all next time you get to Baltimore
13 in a half :
No matter what I do, or who I'm with, you're always on my mind
no doubt.
has always, and will always, be my hero.
Glad to hear it!
Claire and Jill are great.
the word swag itself has too much swag like toes.
RIP MCA.
You and the Beastie Boys had such an influence on me.
relaxing sunday 3
I'll put this in my blog hopper...
If you blog write your thoughts first and I'll respond :
I  my daughter; I  my boyfriend; I  my family...I HATE YOU UR SELFISH AND MEANINGLESS TO ME
Summer hurry up.
So many projects and tests
I understand why that simile works; it is a big brick with windows, isn't it.
When you call your self fat, your obviously hungry for attention.
I miss Whens my favorite latino gonna come back??
Be neat to see him tonight!!
good thing you didn't open it, cause then it would have hacked yours and sent it to all your followers.
Remember that you're dealing with football players.
None of this is very complicated.
Nice, Collinsworth.
Unless he goes on a demonstrable, crazy streak, all this crap is going to keep up.
I don't want to deal with that garbage.
I'm sick of all the liars and the bullshit.
Man up if you got some business to deal with.
Shoutout to she saved my life.
RT : Help Build a Green Wall at !
All week on Q Level, share your ideas and post your commitments.
All successful employers are stalking people who will do the unusual, people who think.
Custom Invoice Printing at NYC Printing 123.
Customize your invoices and keep your purchases, products and orders organized..
2 or 3...
do u know him in real life
in November :
just took the dog for an early morning walk on the beach, looking forward to a good long day of work today
...your new stuff is so good.
Thanks for the inspiration.
:
I'm doctorssing up as a carrot for the concert.
You mad bro?
Ok...
KidCudi on the CMAC stage tonight turning the heat up.
Anyone at the concert attending ?
oh wow!
u need a roadie or two bro lol
If there's blood on the roots, there's blood on the branches.
Look forward to your comedy at a future date.
Finishing up recording tomorrow
doctoram More while you are awake.
Upload your art and showcase your work.
Start today
I saw Coach give the foul sign too
This weather is seriously 2 RIDIC It's freezing outside, may, and I'm still wearing my winter coat  got the heat on in the car!!
I saw the movie with you and ving rhanes where you played an assassin, you were gangsta, I loved it!!!
they called her beautiful!
where u goin?
i need a cuddle buddy
what's up!
thetalk why is this necessary
Conference organizers tweeting upcoming sessions / previews?
LOVE IT, Chantel!
Tell Levi I hardly recognized him.
He's a young man now.
:
love this!
:
Not five steps from it.
For Valentine's Day this year, LOVE YOUR BODY!
Come treat your self to clothes that make you feel fashionable, sexy and fabulous!
Chamber Chair Brent Cooper names NKYEC as leading education and alignment in Greater Cincinnati Region
No animal should ever jump up on the diningroom furniture unless absolutely certain that he can hold his own in the conversation.
Leibowitz
TONIGHTS AGENDA FOR WILD WEDNEADAYS .50 doctorNKS AND 50 BOTTLES TILL 11 !!!
IN THE MIX !!
Diabetes: Glycemic Index indicates conversion of carbohydoctortes into sugar.
Food with lower glycemic index raises the blood glucose slowly.
Could I get into the U of W?
Milk Faced
Do you have the scent in acting,singing or dancing?Come follow me I'll give you all the auditions website!
what up cuzo how are you!
Thank you Jim.
Right back at you.
Dear monday,no one likes you.
People comparing Losing with Losing.
IN THE SAME ROOM
they have : I miss my boys
S/o to all 600 of my FaithfulFollowers :
i never forget my fancy dancy!!
Use my new twitter lol
Open today, tomorrow  Sunday 10 am  4 pm for tours  kids activities.
Beautiful plants for sale in our Garden Shop!
Why does claiming my venue on Foursquare never ever work?
thank you so much!!!!
i wanna make my own hashtag.
can you do that im gonna try:
Thx, NYC for teaching me how to navigate thesubway.
Got on Paris Metro, going in the rt direction, transferred trains, made it to my desto.
Some little preshbomb on elevator asked me if I was relieved to be done classes and exams.
Literal high point of my day.
bummer : but good luck studying!!!!
You'll do great, don't worry!
hahahahahahhaa ; THATS WHY I LOVE YOU!!
Hope floats!
So in order to reach it, you have to rise above negativity.
Hey!
I missed Worlds on Canadian TV coverage of the pairs short and wondered how Montalbano and Krasnopolski did!
It's remarkably sunny this morning and to match it, I think my disposition is sunny today.
We'll see.
That sounds heavenly!
Good luck!
The success of your program is predicated on your ability to get your players to buy in and find a value in what you have to offer.
RejectedPromThemes Here for the Beer
no more skinny models with eating disorders or under 16!
Healthy is the new black..LOVE
Just checked out the famous corkscrew at Laguna Seca.
I can easily see how your stomach could end up in your throat!
itsabeautifulworldbecause God loves us all.
On a Roll, Maryland Prepares for the NCAA Tournament  New York Times
It amazes me how much the NBA players and owners think we care about them they r looking worse and worse as each day passes
There's a white cat on my lap, hello Pismo.
TV Tonight: Beavis and ButtHead Return
loving the produce pic you produced.
Come and see the view from the top of our place!
Only had sugarrush for a couple days and I already have it memorized
My dad and I have fake gun fights like every day.
Omg.
Another day as the voice of PNC Park.
Beautiful, thank you for the mention ...
Blessings!
thanks I appreciate the opportunity.
It was a lot of fun!
why is like my favorite group number.
Lol.
And cool: I can't wait till he comes back onn
You can do anything, but not everything
I have more street cred, because I remember Portland before it was uber gentrified when Killingsworth was really KILLINGsworth
good for you!
jealous, I'm probably at 2.53 pages.
Writing on my iPad so its hard to tell.
I think I'll bake brownies at 4!
Yes.
Court found GSU was subject to suit under Ex Parte Young  for injunction, but no damages.
Dawn  thanks for following me!
Come by our booth at LMA  we share legal mktg, food and music loves!
Sorry for the 2wks no tweet dad in icu and taking care of things in mo.
Are the Direct Message options still on here?
Is there something going on in Spain related to the US Civil War?
Lots of hits on our CW150 blog originating from there today.
I saw that, but there are no references in that story.
The hurricane started the downturn, but state couldn't recover due to economy.
finally finished the dishes.
my gosh that took forever
you can post undie pics though, I do it all the time!
Video sweeps the country from Rochester NY , What I Love About America !
www.rickeyleewatson.com
Sorry if you wanted to see us play Brooklyn last night.
We were too busy pissing ourselves and getting in car accidents.
a big Mahalo for the follow!
keys are locked in the laundoctor room still :/ no beuno.
Sensitive ass people.
Bistro 42 is packed Friday beer food and basketball talk come see us
I love this too thanks!
: had an auction tonite.
very late for me.
It might be stormy now, but it can't rain forever
BOO FROG voodoo hex PDX skulls sounds Tonic Lounge SATURDAY  ALL TIME HIGH  DISCIPLES OF ROCK  ROLL  !
When faced with a choice, consciously follow the path that will make you stronger, wiser, healthier and happier.
How exciting!
Have fun!
that bitch outta dere
Yes it is, but it seems that the music is possibly inspired by the island.
Listen and see!
POKA, supported by both Reps and Dems, would be the linchpin of a comprehensive national strategy to addoctorss ChildAbuse fatalities.
Call The Front Page.
We will be excited to host your events.
15 minutes till TeamAlton starts winning on
Coffee maker officially bit the dust this morning...
to Keurig or not to Keurig?
Please weigh in: Yes?
No?
Favorite model?
How does the Lady Gaga contest work?
I entered but how do you find me on Facebook?
Gene simians tonight!!!!!
prayforseankingston praying for a full recovery!
3
Snow?
Really?
RT Gonna check out at tonight...
shall be a great time!
WOOt W00T !
!
!
!
hey thanks for following me I am sorry I couldn't go to the concert in Maryland TJ realy wanted me 2 go I feel bad
lol thank you
Omg i love this kind of weather
Got a real nice farmers tan today
Teenagers don't think they are reading
So excited about our March 29 EdTech Link event bringing together students, teachers,  technologists to reinvent Baltimore.
cc
I want to watch a Bradley Cooper movie!
Like now!
:P
How 'Lean UX' Can Improve Application Development, from Greg Laugero in
I hate man whores its such a big turn off lile real stuff!!
no I'm sorry
Leaving DC at 5, should I just spend the night?
Such a beautiful day thank god I'm done with classes already!
1strounder Quinton Coples came off practice field and shook hands with new Jets team prez Neil Glat.
Good move, kid.
Timhovde.com has huge art sale at the lowest prices ever!
Affordable, original artwork!
Good morning art world!
Make today count!
Rest in peace ....
Steve jobs....
Concussion no soccer for two weeks and no school for the next few days.
New track tonight from and
but if we dont we're very sorry and we still love you : and you are still a True Bieber Fan!
Do I look high?
Still can't believe Manchester City are Premier League champs.
It's a sad day in English football.
Turning into a better day today.
This past week has been a trial.
Looking forward to fencing  fight team tonight.
omfg!
THAT'S THE BEER I HAD IN NYC THAT WAS SO GOOD AND COULDN'T REMEMBER THE NAME!!
I think you just did.
Unfollowing the next person who says Adam Yauch or Maurice Sendak.
Thank you!
Happy holidays to you and yours, Cara!
Ha, AllsFairInLovePoliticsAndWeddingPlanning.
I'm sure will try some tactics as well.
The reward God has for you is always greater than the sacrifice He requires of you  Bryan Cutshall
I should be out in the kitchen making my lunch for tomorrow but our roommate is there.
Two days off of work, these past two days .
.
.
has felt like a weeks worth of not working.
ProblemSolving gets old.
Back to it tomorrow.
Disadvantaged students in the first grade have a vocabulary that is approximately half that of an advantaged student.
homemade chicken noodle soup and bread for dinner
not totally sure but...
cameo king maybe?
Or one of the hood politics joints
Don't stab me in the heart...
No love ho.
M, breakfast of champions!
doesnt appear to be a ton of demand for one, not that its a bad idea.
Just a matter of volunteer bandwidth i suspect
Gonna be a great show at The Amsterdam on Feb 4
is off to California!
askwill did you know you're trending worldwide?
Isn't it a little late to be awake and screaming at each other?
Ugh.
RT Lol, it wasn't that much crazy !
aw just makin sure!
Lol
It was an honor to be a part in your amazing wedding!!
Jon Ippolito on using OS X's Classic Environment: What the heck is this?
Who care's, it'll run HyperCard
Was already excited to hear about The Selection as a TV show, just to recieve an ARE of the upcoming book.
Devoured in 2 days!
thanks so much for following!!
: xo
hahahha h loves it
you are a very talented individual young grasshopper.
I hope to see you in the future..
Or in your doctorams!
;
Man, it's great in many ways!
I love being on the bleeding edge of my industry.
How are you?
5 guys is once again back on!
We're close by.
I'm two down from the Metro Community Church on Highland.
I probably pass your place when I walk the dogs.
Dear people who don't let me copy, fuck you.
Truer words were never spoken.
And SO undeserving.
o:
Don't make promises you know you can't keep.
I just saw it, lol I'm all late.
Thank you ladies for participating with TaTaTuesday.
You are the best listeners out there.
Keep up the good work.
Correct!
Email us at to schedule your FREE BEER PARTY!
RT : 251770000lbs
You know how I feel about it...
RT : Sometimes the hardest call in songwriting is deciding to not write a bridge.
Hm...
No other motives, no other reasoning.
It was just so other ppl could read the other side, u r reading to much into it man
yes thank you.
Even tho I can barely walk straight
my twitter doin some freaky shit right now.
idk what 2 say
More gedunkenmusik: DJIA Each stock is assigned a unique timbre.
Trading volume  Intensity; Share Price  Pitch
got bruises all over my legs and back wtf :
OMG!
There's a second hawk!
didn't last long enough to go on the memorial cruise, I hope?
AskPSanders do you like soccer?
We serve lunch and dinner and our kitchen only closes 1am.
Come and join us for late munches!
Salute to Life!
Listening to Phonte  Who Loves You More Home is Where Charity Starts!
This day is freaking hot!
this guy.
hey, where are you!?
Need to give you a big hug!!
this'll be good with Steve Martin
I meant to put a y but u no how these iPhones be with the touch pad
followed you!
:D
So I wont go bashing the porn industry ever even now that I am retired..
an all new TheLyingGame on tonight at 9!
cant wait!
;
who is m.s
: ur in for it now bol
Damn it!
Come pick me up!
I'm BORED here....
;
iOS mirror on Mac OSX?
AirServer  better picture quality, Reflection  more stable, builtin recording.
we should meet in real life, I'm surprised we haven't!
If i have to see one more interview...
ifabitchtellsme she wants to kick it, I immediately interpret that as shes trying to get dicked down, mission is a GO!
yeah, definitely possible
you can read mine too : i was with
u stole my heart and u r my inspiration I just wanted to let u no that and do u no what would be GRAND?If u would follow ...
Home under renovation burns in Pontiac
hot picture!!
luv it!
A5: Teamwork or management experience are always related, and being able to showcase creativity in any previous experience is a plus!
Sarah Vaughn is making this rainy day better.
I need to reschedule my other Keri fix this week!
Touching base soon.
Just saw this on a truck: lettuce romaine in your heart
Sudan declares emergency on border with south
I really cannot force myself to be productive at work.
'To change your reality you have to change your inner thoughts.' David Bohm Physicist
families that watch Harry potter together stay together  Jeff Pearson
Thanks for the follow good article on the Real Estate Agent I had no Idea Self Employment Tax was so high.
You can keep that.
lol
Lol!!
I love getting clothes from people!
3 Thanks Melanie.:
we're gonna get hammered...
Okay, mister.
D.
consider this an invitation to my gangsta nation
Haha, celebs are going nuts.
Halle went crazy on a photographer.
QT : What?!
Will Smith slapped a Ukrainian reporter
OnTheBrinkOf20 Want To Make A Mistake a Victory?
Learn From It and Move On.
A Mistake Is Worth Nothing If You Don't Learn.
So Learn:
Stunning and sexy!!
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 109
whoohooo its the weekend and we are going to the rib house in boulder for dinner!
RT : It's more than a game, it's a passion.
Thank you to event sponsors and
If you were invited to a league it should r going out soon!
making 1st 2012 decision.
skipping first sunrise in order to make early morning first 2012 phone calls.
nighty night.
Black Roses, Hard Rock Zombies, and ROTLD of course is righteous.
on my life!!!
but i cant wait to see what they gonna do against San Antonio..thats gonna be GOOD!!
Come on meta
It is very real, and really very tasty!
;
watching old cartoons...i miss being a kid.
Get him phil
We don't know if you've heard about this yet, but they're making a WATCHMEN toaster.
You read that right.
And the train is moving...can't wait for tonight's show
Thanks, guys.
Would love to work with y'all, too.
Sorry I missed wjchat tonite.
Sounds like some collabs are in order.
I thought I it figured out..
thanks for liking3
Good times : RT : thanks for holding court last night
considering it, but the lighting is a but of a bummer
Coffee.
Newspaper.
Bed.
Bout to show em wat I can do
lol Don't call me moody
At the social media chairs event learning from the other societies...
The fall term is officially here.
Welcome back, everyone.
Also : A fine hello to new students.
Woohoo!
I would be done with it by then, flying through it, kid were late today because of the book
love these dudes.
check em out and follow!
Only 4 more followers to get to 2000!!!
Aww!
Miss doing Stinger with ya!
I agree with , definitely impressed Keep writing!
: A Leo can be very nice but when upset RUN FOR COVER.
this is very true!!!
Lol
is throwing a lot better, but we need to catch the damn ball!!
hey there, you ok with us using the footage from the other night?really good stuff.
Thx..
We're not serving lunch/dinner today but we'll b back tomorrow for lunch  Central Library downtown, dinner  FFFTF.
Sat.
It is well, believe it!
I would imagine the person who died is the one who starved to death after filling its gas tanks for a couple trips.
That's awesome!
do I seem like I smoke?
This whole conversation aside.
Duncan Hunter criticizes Obama on immigration, and proposes tough new law to quickly deport millions of illegal immigrants
Closing statements.
Can't navigate a news web page without activating ads, videos, etc.
No, don't want to buy a Ford Fiesta....
Golly...
RT : Can't go wrong with Lavender doctor, especially paired with chocolate.
Thank you for being so fantastic!
How's your Friday going so far!?
I have no problem with that.
I know how you feel RT :

So at this point I think we just pray for rain to end this miserable spectacle, right?
RT : My Outlook .pst files auto backed up by moving it to shared folder.
Emails safe from format/hardware failure!
watching lauren playing basketball is the highlight of my day!
wow.
I'm impressed that you continued to answer all the comments.
having ridiculous crash issues since the update
does it involve the buttor sock?
thats not cool....
I gave K about Social Media on
so glad you came to the show!
i loved your necklace.
super super cool!
: wes
I'm Single.
Simple.
5 mins before an interview, I'm googling the correct pronunciation of Puscifer.
Walk.
Off.
Walk.
eating on the grass
Governor Mead requests flags to be flown at half staff on Sunday, September 11, 2011 in memory of the 911 attack.
The Speed Walkmen
Eatin your snacks knowin I'm hungry
Watching the fairly oddparents :
How do you pronounce Gotye?
What kind of music is it?
Are they opening for Nickelback?
;
This morbidly obese guy on the street has a fallen on hard times sign.
Poor hard times, amiright?
No problem neat opportunity.
Good luck!
what did you think of Sherlock last night?
Looking at Justin Bieber shirts !
looking for which one i should buy ; who else is gonna buy one ?
:D pilar
ah a.k.a nutt tag.
how about Lava tag late at night?
You goin to be at chevvys all night
said needs help.
On the way!
Yum.
Sake.
Last class 2day  M'Ville.
Got more from the experience than my students.
Ups  Props , , , et al.
I had a epiphany.
took me all day to realize it.
but now I got it.
I found out oomf do it to everybody.
Guess they bitch ass gets the kanye shrug b/c iont give a FUCK about them.
mean that from my heart
bring an extra head set.
I'm doing color for you!
god damn it julia
miss you girlyy!
for me its between MWC or RNG
I'm gonna need next Friday to get here like, NOW.
I'm trying to get some clients to spring for one but no luck so far.
I feel ya
Fjord perfume makers, please ping me as I want to add to my elite team in Silicon Valley.
you officially have the best job ever!
Eww..
stick to the progressive knowledge  baseball pls ; RT : I love the power pop music.
FUTURE FAVORITE COUSIN!?
Huh
i was stalked by three guys last night !
omg
sent u a dm.
hit me when you're free.
Seriously, this weather is amazing today.
Happy Saturday, Tweeps!
Endless Buffalo Wings and Cheeseburger Sliders 5:00 to close!!
psyched that you can make it ms.
m!
no beer spilling allowed  craft beer nectar is too valuable.
good news is shoes stay neat.
sure beats the Oliday Inn
I guess you have your answer.
Before my current gig, I hadn't used LN since 2002.
Fruiting Bodies on at 9:30 at the Comet.
One new song.
One less guitarist.
Let's go Pens!
and the jellied cranberry!!
Enjoy the holiday!!!
My big brother taught me how to spit game but couldn't teach me love
I'd settle for a new governor.
And not one named rebecca.
Many changes need to be made to the existing immigration legislation to addoctorss the associated complications affecting the United States.
Now that Bin Laden is dead who's picture do we put on urinal pucks now?
lol, so did I.
Going to bed lovies3 You are al beautiful:
This reminds me of the concept of self literacy I've seen floating around.
Other good tools: spokeo.com, pipl.com
QUIT SPRAYING STUFF!!!
So i'm sick 
yeah, nice crane!
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world  Anne Frank
Happy FF, , , , ,
how long will it take you to warm up?
I wanna go home
Stop bitching on facebook.
Love is a many splendored thing.
It's also high in cholesterol.
Happy happy!!
so that means u r leaving the NFL network?
Electricity back,finally :
listening to best coast i hope this makes me feel better i wish i had a better dad 
Living the life.
And I can't help but thank God for the beautiful creation he has placed in front of me.
We chatted : Thanks Alex!
And I hope we will see you again soon Sorry again you didn't enjoy it
The purpose of life is to fight maturity.
BTW you've upgraded to the next step of Twitterican evolution.
NICK!
Your sexy time video is HILARIOUS!!
:D It takes a very confident person to pull that off.
Great!
Beware of traffic Saturday morning!
RT NP ' Boyfriend ' pulls gun out and pulls trigger!
wordoftheday It was disgusting last night before our date, my fiance spent an hour farding in the bathroom.
Thanks Luke!
Just got off the phone w/my amazing girlfriend!
It is so wonderful to have someone in my Life who sticks by me  truly loves me!
LGBT 
Chicago friends!
Come support us at tomorrow from 69 PM.
FREE BOOZE!
sorry don't care for FB, I'll keep following and tweeting.hope you had a good day a bless day.Obama 2012
SLIME ON KIDS CHOICE AWARDS !!
WITH WILL SMITH
If any of my followers work at CBS, can you tell the higherups to start the title game earlier next year.
Have you passed through this night?
Agreed!
Thanks for the tips : Always good insight from you during these wedding chats :
uh oh your game is scheduled at the same time as another; try again
bam!
Will fwd this to our fb friends.
Congrats on getting on the show :
Now that is truly amazing!!
My cousin is pregnant  I think she's like 2 to 3 months and she's hoping for a girl!!!
Congrats L  A 
read the tweet before I  you
no problem love to see you doing good
This muscle relaxant works amazing.
No back pain!
Taking my bath getting ready for work.
President Obama is the Tony Robbins or speech givers but a Barney Fife in executing his vision,
I think my 2012 look will be lord of the dance.
got it.
I would be completely okay with going as a fan too.
I'll look at flights tonight to see if it's possible :
yes, amazing how  skews people's common sense...that  fear of death.
Sharing my love and knowledge of swords with blade wielders on the bus!
Daisuke looks sharp in latest rehab outing
At first I read butter not butler.
Yeah, that was confusing.
when u coming back?!?!
been there.
Done that.
By community, you are talking about audiences?
Thanks  I appreciate it!
Portland Business Alliance's Kelly Hossanini thanks City for including most of business community's feedback into plan.
I love seeing Beliebers reactions to everything Justin does...i love this family :
you were amazing last night at the art museum!!
Congrats!!
Done with a few of the garments for the new season.
Working on pocket detail design, if I show you guys will you tell me which is ur fav?
Im moving to cali or spain when im able.
try using Cloud Browse to unlock Flash on your iPad :
I like that track...
How do you replenish nutrients after an intense workout?
Share your Friday fitness tip!
Haha.
I love Gene!
Nice vest...
You look like Aladin
YE.
Ever since put me in touch with her friend, it's been very porrotastic
Watching Extreme doctorg Smuggling!
And the Lakers 5.5 spread is still in play.
Lakers win, Nuggets cover and Stern is ruler of the world!!!
Gurry and Kappos: must maintain strength of diversity in harmonization, not lose expertise to the center.
Was reading article about Toyota recall  saw content targeted ad Toyota.com/Recall  Toyota takes care of its customers...
Smart buy!
Yes, the other two are therapy dogs, she's is on her way!
and we are getting trained on giving her commands since she's deaf
10ThingsIWantToBuy not much...
i'm pretty happy w/what i have
omg kimchi quesadilla why are you so tasty

o cool.
and ok im about to add you.!
No, it was a single.
Another doctoram about you.
I woke up ready to play.
I want you here now.
text from my guy in NY.
as if I need more Motivation!
:
Chupacabra strikes again at Farragut Square!
All your favorites today, so come join us for lunch starting around 11:15!
Scott Kain: Congrats on your newest team members, looking forward to working with them.
Talk with you guys on the call Tuesday night
Yay!!!
Me too!
We should have a Sugar Tweetup :
Water Check Update: I'm only 2 cups down so far today.
Not going to lunch until I polish off another 2 cups.
Where you at?
I've been MIA what's good..
friday woo
Thanks for making my decision to leave easy.
Toronto, Canada
first time on the expo line.
hold on, DTLA, I'm gonna be in you.
If charity cost nothing, the world would be full of philanthropists.
oh you're playing the cool kid right?
you can't handle 's success.
now,you can finish this doctorma.
LMFAO,cool boy.kbye.
I want to change my bio, but I've had this bio for a long time?
Idk SOMEONE HELP ME?
The prettiest girl in the Members Only club undoubtedly has the largest member.
Happy Thanksgiving!!
really!?
That sucks, I thought it was in that season.
is my best friend :
falling in love w/ delicious.
so easy to import  rename tags.
telling everyone; folks over 40 dont know abt it.
2 many periods in old name?
One little person, giving all of her time to peace, makes news.
Many people, giving some of their time, can make history.
Peace Pilgrim
Ill follow back
: I can't decide which are fastest tractors or student doctorvers.
Maybe student tractor doctorvers?
RT : this guy is NOT a Democrat any more than Reagan Democrats are Democrats
RememberHow going on field trips in elementary was the BEST thing EVER
You will love it!
Let us know how it goes.
Have fun and enjoy!
sorry  meant that listing as a RT.
spread the world around school and I thank you for listening
Our care team can look into your issue.
Pls follow  message them with details.
haha see me in the streets then homie hah
30 retweets and I'll let know I'm suiting up when they play the Pacers tonight in Indy!
I had to explain The Guardian and AlJazeera and their politics to my dad...it is so clear why he voted for Bush!
Told me I was unAmerican.
Head to on Sat from 45 p.m for a book signing by journalist and presidentail debate moderator Jim Lehrer.
we miss you too!
the hood and mask Hopkins wore was very Grand Wizard.
: You kissed my lips and you saved me.
this lol your welcome
hence the mummy reference lol.
It's doctor, but going right to my bones.
thanks for the follow I hope to check out your stuff soon.
he is an excellent snuggler of late.
Next time!
Golden girls were the original sex in the city
What is Chiavanesca?
I have been unproductive all day.
I have been so lazy!!
And I am at work.
that is so exciting!!
have a great time, he seems like he'd be a cool guy.
you're welcome!
that's perfect
7am boot camp isn't so hard.
Being happy and upbeat at 7am is the hard part
Fill me in.
What are the current plans?
we'll be fine.
trust me when i say it wont ruin us3
Q: How did you guys take that picture?
All I did was doctorve out with my Mom and niece to a wedding shower in San Bernardino.
Feeling beat up, pretty sure it's allergies again.
I like how toasting was defined.
And that there is caution about placing treated items in it.
I agree w/ you!
Every moment that I'm not actively thinking about something else, I'm thinking up improv team names.
well I signed a autograph after my performance lol Got request for my single And descent crowd reaction!!!
RT : I feel like we're in a ScoobyDoo episode and the actual GOP candidates are tied up in an abandoned warehouse.
i hate that old ppl think just because they are old and have seniority they can say the most inconsiderate things and get away with it
Getting more involved in my community.
any insights into how Frank Tripucka really feels about wearing 18?
Timing and scoring link on middle right side links to 'indycar.com/' For a minute it linked to a Penske article.
I want 30 percent of the money and ill film
You'll have to use the app on your iphone :
HI!:D thank you so much for following me: I'm from Houston Texas, nice to meet ya.
My idols are JustinSelena as well:
So not ready to do math this early :/
ireallywish I was enough
fo sure dude
I admire you.
The get me through the summers.
You Mets/Jets guys take masochism to another level.
That's great hustle.
Your welcome!
All the best!
SW
Going to be presenting at Emerge Broward's Leadership Summit : Make sure to come to the health break out session!
Sign up here:...
When you seen with me I'ma up that stock
Lord you're my everything..
Check out CN2's Final Four Special, Brawl in the Bayou at 2 p.m.
on CN2.
Sitting here with Leftover Chinese food, a homemade peppermint hot chocolate and watching classic Disney movies and Christmas movies.
:
4 Stages of Periodontal DiseaseStage 2 Bleeding on probingTartarMineralization of plaqueBad BreathVolatile Sulphur Compounds
Watching Hannah Montana Movie!:
LOL I'M NOT IMA GOOD GIRL:
ok.
I'm on my iPod though so it'll take a minute for me to reply
To stay true to my old man ways, I'm late to the game.
Used redbox for the first time, and I'm a fan.
Take that whippersnappers.
Kara,it is a sad those things happened 2u.It is quite strange that u would exploit them4professort in a book4ur lame show w/no benefit 2da needy
Conor Oberst's Old Punk/PostHardcore Band Desaparecidos Reuniting  Glide Magazine
Clack.
Co.
CAD....Accident reported at Roots Rd.
Webster Rd.
in Clackamas....
Background checks for those purchasing firearms rising locally, nationally  Worcester Telegram
I find it highly unattractive when a female doesn't offer to cook, clean, or wash my clothes..
All this love is just making me more excited for the 28th in seattle
Challenge Preview!
Get ready Chispites.
Tomorrow we will be announcing our next Chispa Challenge.
Let's just say, there is wine and food...
Excellent!
A Farewell To Kings is awesome make out music.
We r launching a new online customer mgmt system!
Buy sessions and schedule your classes online!
Directions to be posted soon.
So happy with all the freesia in the garden, so many beautiful and gorgeous smelling flowers!
Some have somehow self seeded
Not stressing anyone.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HAVE A WONDERFUL DAY!
a lap always works too
Its about time takes so time off of work!
He always works hard to make us angels happy.Now its time for him to relax.
Yes, he is like 6'5
svn seems SO much easier than git
MD Health Care for All fighting this special session for taxes on other tobacco products, ie grapeflavored cigars, etc.
marketed to kids.
YOU'RE worried?
I can barely walk, let alone run.
We are hosting an Engagement Party for some wonderful customers and friends.
Congratulations Kristin  Josh!!
get rid of your egg
Who are your top 5 favorite guitarists?
turns on heater
I have a feeling I'm going to be fighting with my new, loud, notworking AC all summer.
no phone.or ipod
Happy Friday!
Can't wait to fiesta rotrally style
This suffering will make us better artistes.
maybe you're right.
It's been over 24 hrs and I haven't gotten to talk to him...
neridahart: goodbye NOLA  has been fantastic
Wake up, bake up
If they don't get it out a Jar....
It ain't LOUD.
Successfully resisted urge to strip in front of TSA screening agents.
Of course my underwire sets off the scanner.
I don't know much, but I do know how to entertain ; WinningtheCustomer is a solid dude.
Challenge week!
Stay tuned, amigos....
I love you sailor :
I flagged them to get them removed
Lookin like tired Cats
yeah i voted for aaron rodgers for madden 13..
come on
I'm just sayin'..
Your gut could explode.
and do you know what sort of technical background they are looking for?
we can do it late?
Or maybe prior?
I blame michael bay.
Love tweets from Politics and sports in one package.
Can't go wrong!
RT : If you know not to do something and still do it , don't even expect me to give a fuck.
I want to wish my good friend BigStoney a Happy Birthday and apologize for not making it up to his party, hope you guys have fun!!!
I want to rollerskate down that hill next to grammies house on the Cape.
Teach it a good lesson.
Design Council chief executive David Kester resigns Design Council chief executive David Kester is leaving the organisation.
Pittsburgh Power 64 v Cleveland Gladiators 64, battling it out for the top spot in the division tonight Consol Energy Center!
RT Love the stretch goals  great way to maintain momentum for training!
oh and btw: it keeps making her cry.
like...really.
If I did one small thing differently in my life it would be COMPLETELY different.
As usual, the newspaper industry will do whatever it can to punish those who pushed it into obsolescence, e.g.
Facebook, Google, Craigslist.
Haha.
I love TN, I just need something different for a while.
Thank goodness for Grad Schools!
I just need to graduate first
Stuff I've never seen on the big screen: Andoctori Rublev, The Sacrifice, The Killer, Hard Boiled, Days of Heaven, The Blue Angel, Pulp Fiction
Our neighbor has a Siamese cat that's disappeared before at 55th  5th  email me at

you were great!
now get back to succeeding!
Jamesy!
It's Nicole Agostino, and this is my webseries!
Follow my directorial debut.
Teen doctorma and Awesome Music!
Tyler Perry  Madea's Studio Goes Up in Flames
Thanks, Ali!
We survived!
So did everyone at work.
Hurrah!
Good for them not that it was in doubt, I imagine.
Congratulations.
3 you papa!
haha awhh!
happens to me all the time too P
Tonight's action: 7:30pm Houston Dynamo vs Philadelphia Union 8:00pm Quiz Night.
10:00pm Los Angeles Galaxy vs New York Red Bulls
UW president the ischool is not just a resource for the university, it's the epicenter!
LifeStory my sisters have boyfriends and I'm a couple with my grandma..
Fuck love.
I wanna see on broadway:
Welcome!
Thanks for posting great content.
You're welcome...
:
So tell me I'm yours, tell me you're mine.
Tell me I'm anything but fine.
Tell me a story, tell the time.
Tell me a lie.
3
ouch!
poor puppy!
Tickets still available for our April 18 Civic Luncheon with Joe Tait.
Russ Mitchell will be our MC.
Come and support a great organization.
Trying to set goals and build up my followers here and on FB..
AGAIN since half my folks got deleted ..So follow me as I follow you
I HATE it when doctorve thrus fuck up my order and I don't realize it until I get home.
thanks andoctorw!
Abt to curl up  end my night by watching some powerful motivational videos by !
dang u tweet poor bird cant keep up :P
Breakfast is one of the most important meals of the day!
What is your go to breakfast?
Also interesting/disappointing that judge doesn't weigh purpose of copyright at all in individual determinations.
Wd strongly favor
we are set!
Call 503 2250860 and if you can ,Send me your contact info to
what's up thanks for following hope your having a great one :
Vividly imagine how it feels to end your competition perfectly.
How did it feel?
How did YOU feel?
Do this every time you train!
Masters Thesis BTW was Learning Styles and Teaching Methods of Gerogia State Park Interpreters.
The Park Rangers who give guided tours.
2 behind UKDuke 92 game
thanks!
And thanks for spreading the word!
Ticked something off my bucketlist.
Saw Titanic in a theater.
She just hit the iceberg and she sinks in 2 hours....100 years ago tonight.
Trust needs to be earned and I'm smart enough not to trust too many
Kentucky Derby is happening right now.
The best 2 minutes of television all weekend!
We have live musicpunk, down and dirty boozey...........
The night is young, come on down to sabbatic!
Great workshop from at
I could definitely eat Greek yogurt with honey for every meal.
Your Welcome mate
....
And back to life
A real spider is eating the spider mites on my eggplant plant.
How appropriate.
I just saw.
Hey, maybe you'll get a great new car out of it??
Awesome!
Thank you!
Abhor cash only establishments.
Did everyone have a good time at the game friday?
My production company is now working with WCGAPS on a new reality type Paranormal show..been working this angle for over 5 yrs..FINALLY!
get him an adamantium laced skeleton and some healing factor and you won't have to worry.
I'm In love with this new character
Some guys never realize what they had until its gone.
Sad for them.
New generation of women rising up!
O'Malley is showing documents by doctor Plecker doing his race police work: intermarriage is an awful thing.
Arrogant broads with the false sense of flyness get the unfollow with the quickness
: Even a dud book for me might be a wow book for someone else.
titletalk Vice versa, too.
I try not to bias when asked
I have a crappy netbook that I use.
I was gonna pay him a little visit but mando said he was goin to like 3 different jails...where is he now?
got em fixed twice since then
I define love for our purpose as the passion of one being for another in the hope of being loved in return.

We love you CoachBeaste!!
Hello America, the hottest 2012 presidential candidate is back on twitter central ready to get America back on track www.bruzzesiforpres.com
can you imagine the look on his face if you actually told him that and then he let you take a pic of him holding
Congratulations on the generous gift!
Thanks so much :
aww not fair u don't get were it but u look so good in it :
good luck!
wineoftheday :Emile Beyer Pinot Blancan Alsatian white with subtle apricot notes and minerality to awaken the poet within.
When you see something you wasn't really trying to see 
fridayreads finished the Hypnotist by Kepler in one day.
New Swedish author for me  looking forward to more.
Tony Parker: I'm taking my talents to the hotel room, and going to play with Brent Barry's wife.
Did you go AK on the site?
RT : Not that anyone cares, but I apologize for no Packer content
Hey CP  Dtrain, it's sunny outside.
You N.N.'s need to open the curtains.
Hope we don't blow this lead.
holy fuck I just died.
What kind are you getting?
RT : Happy National Pizza Party Day!
Like we need an excuse to party with some friends ;
YO RICKY.
it would be pretty cool to hang out on my birthday just saying.
:
you just keep catching me with the convertible.
One direction?
Oh yeah.
has anyone else been able to sign up for Google today?
I've been trying since 8am..
keeps saying We've temporarily exceeded our capacity.
You would think I would be worried about not finding someone for prom.
Truth is I'm not bothered by it at all.
What ever happens, happens.
Finna get on this Showerflow  bring it in early tonite
Got 50 new followers today .
:
This is when my timeline gets ratchet and full of doctornk tweets.
Looking forward to the Genealogy Fair tomorrow.
Plan to attend sessions as well as visit the booths!
I just voxer Nyadöör to talk to u but do u have a little money for gas
Eli is fucking hilarious on SNL right now !
Hip  hip  Jorge!
Still love Posada.
What you think are the normal predictors of deception may not be accurate....
You'll get one month of unlimited boot camp classes for only 59 with the mamapedia deal!
Damn it JUST hit me
SOUNDS AWFULly uplifting
hahaha I knew you meant ghosts.
Fun night with coworkers seeing one of our own in As You Like It at
you should try their customer service would get back to you promptly if any issues
Thanks Rock, he is really hot right now.
He is either really hot or really cold.
I'm so tired !
But I guess I need to doctorg my a out of bed and hit the gym before work.
Good luck buddy!!
Thinking about you today!
So are you guys !
I've Been having your stuff on repeat.
: So glad there's still good, yet new music out there!
just doctornk an arizona, time to pull an all nighter in the lab!
Peace!
Didn't snap pics of them, but I saw model trains being operated on tables in Great Hall!
They were so cute!!!
Theyve blown a three goal differential but will they choke enough to let a six goal lead slip away
That one person that always makes me happy!
Hope to run into you at the Jeff Mangum show.
Any chance you and Sarah can hang out before?
We're having people over.
No question he sucked RT : Agreed on Jordan.
He sucks
game day..get focused !......R.I.P.
Aunt Eva
conflates breast feeding with xtreme attachment parenting
Tonight definitely tops the most awkward moment I've ever had..
I've been better.
Was sick all night  today now having plumbing issues again.
How are you?
How's Lexi?
Stop paying huge marketing fees.
Your business can use CartoGraph to find new customers within specific regions.
Tweet me for details.
Thanks you have some sweet shirts
Pizza,pizza
yes u reading this, plz follow me:D
Headphones up and passing out in the car.
Hamilton's pole will mean nothing at the SpanishGP wait and see
Thanks for the RT!
Woodson preferred a Sunday opener to get an extra day to prepare.
But Knicks get Saturday in Chitown or South Beach.
Sununu  shrill gas bag
Looks like I might be going to see the Avengers again on Friday, this time with !
Now we are adding to the initial list: .
raises tension between customization  standardization  relation to tool building
Creoles would be more fitting
Real shit!
RT Rumors are as fake as the person who spread them!
RT : October is National Pork Month!
RT : Tonight in MKE!
Linneman's 10pm on Locust St Blueheels CD Release and mke band crush, Worrier.
I'm getting tired of constant disappointments.
good for her!
You have awesome burgers, btw.
Another year
Looking forward to an amazing Friday!
You?
Thanks to for cool story on sleep apnea trial at
My Dad's And Alien And My Uncles Are Citizens
Watching the Grammys  thinking hopefully by next year Cody will be on here.
Cisco just bought the Flip video camera from Pure Digital for 590m.
Big push into consumer electronics.
My planned coop partner has been old and sick.
Stupid ravages of time are eating my friend
CS5 is killing me.
Everytime I export to PDF the background task freezes.
This shouldn't be a painstaking process...
Someone text me.
Save me.
Im at destinys and its awkward cuz her friend is here.......
Devin.Anne3
That'll be AWESOME.
Not sure what I want for my bday even though its's tomorrow.
I should've been thought about what I want lol
I do own one nice Michael Kohrs suit, but it's my only suit.
I'd like more than one.
Oh yay!!!
Thanks to twitter I knew to be prepared for an epic Howie call!!!!!
.
Been any activity on Gary Brackett or Dallas Clark?
Thanks!!
RT Great unsolicited shout out to ...
Great work by !
i believe it.
I'd like the City to pay for my grey coverage but it might give Angela an aneurism.
My point about Gere was that there is much at home for him to invest his activist passion into addoctorssing.
More useful too.
awesome!
Sounds like a great program.
Mitt works best in 40s and below with wind.
If it gets cold there you'll love it!
Thank you
Nope, you're doing it right.
Also scour CL and print out anything good.
Some people flag listings to quash competition
I know!
It's just so much easier now :
I want a boyfriend that I can tell everything to and talk to about anything about, not just what he wants to hear.
Finding tons of flaws in a person and not accepting them for their flaws will lead to it not working.
Accept a person for who they are.
Under RT Over/Under on SixersBoston is 140.
For the series, not Game 1.
Thankful that my migraine has alleviated the right side of my head.
Sorry left side.
Your turn now.
intense napping
RT bringing SO Experience to the Nike Campus on Sept.
26 for aspiring SO Athletes and their families pls.
RT ev
sushi with Michaela!
Umii Products is accepted as a Community Partner with the USDA
What a fabulous organization I just went to!
B 1 of the few to have my Cochon555 Aspen Cocktail 2nite.
Bacon/ Rib Armagnac Blanche, Pistachio Dumante, Smoked Cherries.
I see, what do you do?
The bf snores loud and he doesn't let me sleep.
aww you two are going together?
:
Just found most impossible thing to code: the Night Before Christmas version of the health care debate.
Seriously?!
Two Flacco faces better defenses than Romo and still wins playoff games.
I followed your kitty into your closet and may have lost my camera :
Voting for the Naismith Award : and you should too.
Txt 4 to 34763 ;
His texts 
It is in reading that you find yourself so deep into someone else's heart, soul, and thoughts, as if swapping lives with them!
Amazing!
Thanks , started Breaking Bad last night
Things I don't want to do after all weekend out at my daughters softball tournament: 1 homework 2 anything productive.
ew lol, I can't stand it..
: She lives as a woman
FBCD...
Slap the ask and were off to the moon and beyond!!!
Reminder SaMo: the lovely is teaching kettlebells tomorrow, while darling carves out ur Core :
The Indians should be out of this inning.
The short hop throw combined with the missed scoop have bitten us in the ass.
Just because I'm not talking to you, doesn't mean I'm not thinking about you.
Good!
Wish I was watching instead of working.
You're annoying..
Anybody out there unable to sleep?
I miss ur face!
If you're in the DMV  Love dance, then check out Cypher Sessionz the 1st Fri of every month.
facebook.com/event.php?eid
Golf is outyou are holding my clubs hostage.
; So my new hobby is doctornking.
Well, thats not so new, but it has a renewed focus.
Honestly, I don't even remember that even coming up.
FF my favorite directors and  both David s hm...
Usually when I go shopping I get a headachenever understood why.
I'm at mall with wife Lisa nowanyone have any aspirin!
the sky ; just kidding!
Nothing, just got home!
What about you?
.
use HatchWaxman tailoring by sector as a model?
Thank you october, warm weather is saving the last of our crops.
No frosts yet.
Not formal dorms, but highrise student housing buildings  lots of apt availability.
Neighbor kid and his buddies are on their roof.
I'm sure that's safe.
SHUT UP WHY DO YOU POST EVERYTHING ON THE INTERNET
They do follow.
buzzmore reviewsimpression of legitimacy/worth
I hate your hair
RT InfoOverload as an oxymoron  other recent gems vi shar.es/oONnh TY Monica!
Good to have a doctor in the house!ME
will we be able to see the flash films after the semester?
Sounds great!
I have the ball, and I have the net !
Timing is everything...
Good luck!!
It's not about being committed to charters, says It's about being committed to the reason for charters.
Working on calculus while doctornkin a Pacifico and playing to Coldplay.
I might do this more often seeing how much my productivity increased.
Veterans Day follow
Trivia Tuesday begins in one hour!
Get here for 7 tacos, 6 margaritas and the chance to win prizes!
This is the hottest plane I've ever been in.
What a gorgeous day!
Friday 70s!!!
daily smog check discount is 40 dollars come get your vehicle check out and serviced we will be glad to help
is this period over yet?
Mel Kiper's hair is dominating the doctorft day conversation on ESPN and rightfully so!
Follow the 2012 NFL doctorft in FanCake!
I wish my phone wasn't almost dead or I would text sorru Mckenna..:
i think i may be more excited bout this celtics game than the superbowl....
Famu was in my mentions so hurt today!!
Like a zeta trying to get a prom date.
Stoked to be this year w/Brian Hunt and Thom Zadoctor, the Business and Creative Heads of Original Video !
Bail for accused Florida killer GeorgeZimmerman?
FirstEdition asks LIVE
Hey, let's redo the kitchen!
That's how it starts...and spirals down from there...for too many homeowners.
I save you from yourself
the password to the champagne room was to say louisville like a native.
miss you too lovely!
Come visit!!
One student wrote Are people really freaking out about gender discrimination?
bleedingheartliberalsnot kidding.
You are so very welcome...and thank you, as well, for uncovering my eyes.
If it's only sometimes, we need to work harder.
I could beat you
dang dat was harsh
gotcha...
I replied
thank you :
i don't follow penis, booty cheeks, 6 packs,  lips.....
if that's your avi., that means YOU!!
ALL PARENTS NEED TO BLAST THEM WITH EMAIL
WSU 72 OSU 55 F RT : Clearly I don't follow enough people who cover Washington State or Oregon State.
What is the score
Who are You  Why are You FOLLOWING ME?
It's hard to have a good lunch break when won't stop staring at you.
can I havee some????
www.varsityjackets09.com rocking the jacket world!
4129738262 Call Bob now www.varsityjackets09.com we rock
we may have gotten blown out by the lions, but I watched every minute of it.
Glad football is back.
They Call Me Lame Cuz Im Not With The In Crowd.
Fuck That, I Stand Out Wasnt Meant To Fit In.
I Feel Like This Week Is Gona Be A Whole Lot Better
damn I can't wait for LeBron to win it this year.
This is still a ballgame.
Remember has yet to play a 4th quarter in Cleveland.
Let's go Cavs!
Can't wait till the kids wake up and find an empty dining room and living room.
No fighting over TV viewing spots today.
carpet cleaning
alright tatianna  cassidy cut the shit  be friends again
How's it going tweeps?
y'all to should go together to get y'all permits
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation so much coming up!!!
that is a bummer.
we need to go laptop shopping.
costco, mac authority?
girl put a cold rag on that eye cuz it lok right NASTY !!!!!
excited fir the new video :D
I wish!
I was on a bike ride.
Or a wrapped sandwich you're going to start eating in 30 seconds.
Hold on to ur seats!
RT : Just got 2 work  the construction workers downstairs keep yelling 1 2 3 GO!
I think I might fall in
So sweet Danna!
Let me know when you make it to the D.
: is it your bday?
sending 3..hope to see you soon!
xo
Sounds good, have a good lunch!
Taking a nap in Alex's bed and with rusty!
GetAtMe missing the good life
What's up?
Lol
Today is going to be long I can already tell just have to remember God is good
you brought me a shirt?
Request Daylight by on your local radio station!
go to www.requestdaylight.tumblr.com for your station's request info!
Good luck : Just took a vow of celibacy.
Am I the best
Sex Strike only needed for those that are into Rush Limbaugh or others that don't believe in women's rights!
Altogether is completely.
All together is all in one place or time.
Itd be altogether cool if you all together said hi.
Once again TY to , , and for the mentions!
Your awesome
When you can forgive, including yourself, then you can go on living in and with love.
Obama is so like Jesus.
Romney, so different.
You've got to wonder: Do Republicans actually like Jesus?
Me mo!
XFactor is about to be huge.
I PASSED!!
THANKS FOR THE SUPPORT
lol so I've heard Even people that weren't sending hate tweets
were gonna take over the world!
RT Virginia Museum The Virginia Museum of Fine Arts is a top US art museum with more than 5,000 years of art from around the world.
DEFINITELY....We have to keep these people out the whitehouse...and out of congress period...
how about Mickey Rooney's mister Yunioshi?
How did they get away with that?
hahaaaaa!!!
I'm sorry I'll change it after I finish this game of 9 ball : I gotta win!!!!!
Reveling in the design prowess of an artist working in ClarisWorks.
yeah yeah.
Watchingg America's Got Talent Houston,Texas auditions!:
This doctor keeps calling me kiddo 
LIKE IF you put things in a safe place and then forget where the safe place is
I really want PanAm back on TV...
3 weeks is FAR too long!
: Twitter has turned me into a lonely insomniac with a great sense of humor and obsessive tendencies.
haha
you were, thanks!!
but I think you'll be amused when you find the answer.
Ur very welcome!
Feliz Cinqo de Mayo!!
Today had to be like the worst day ever.
Not only did I have to see my grandma all day but then my aunt came over.
Sending you a lot of love and best wishes for a speedy recovery from Section 132, Row I.
Hang in there!
tried to spin and catch it on both cheeks lol
More dance beat!
More dance beef!
We don't want to be another number to any company or organization.
Balance procedure with personal touches, a happy client feels valued.
my new fb page is facebook.com/10000228497556
So apparently I got an award from Obama.
My dad asked if I could burn it LOL.
I'd say both can be used for impression management, but pinterest has better affordances for browsing previously posted content
this new christian artist from Nashville
it's a start!
I think wolman is still open in the park, ever go?
What does to tanepistamio tou Tulsa mean?
I love fuck u betta is always getting play in my house.
; if any bitch felt like i was flirting w/ them, my bad cause the last thing that's on my agenda.
since i was so called flirting last night.
I love those awkward moments.
Mixture of happiness they still have fun  total nauseating weirdness.
Married to the game.
.
.
.
.
but he broke his vows
I'm trying to watch Katt Williams on Comedy Central but there are so many bleeps I can't understand the man.
Loosen up CC!
and your slowly shaking fingertips show that you're scared like me, so lets pretend we're alone.
mm that pic
SCMS12 ElisaPopCulturePirateon using remix for media literacy, critical thinking and feminist ethics.
Just saw a dead dog on the highway.
Its name was Lucky.
Interesting Fact of the day: Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur.
Were you standing by a cute girl w/ a pony tail and saw her reflection too?
as long as I have a girl and boy I'll be fine...
And both, we wanted and it happened ..
Lol
Nobody can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Work Meeting
Thank you for spreading the word and helping to raise awareness!
:O
thanks and thanks for RT!
Good Morning Metro Center!
Start your week right having lunch with us!
Heading out.
Just realized i tweeted my 1000th tweet 2nite on kinderchat.
How appropriate!
: g'night everyone!
Thx
i kinda like both NYR/NJD so i haven't decided who to go for.
I'm glad vintage stuff is in fashion, because I haven't felt this insecure and shy since middle school.
This 55yearold appreciates your book.
Thank YOU.
just set us up to twit away.
still getting set up :
Technical on Bo!
Yikes.
At least the 2 free shots were missed for that!
hey dude!
the atl is the usual 3 H'S HOT, HUMID AND HECTIC!
LOL!
gotta love it!
you should visit.
you DO NOT live in Fla!
hahah I procrastinated on reading it do I must finish it in one day!
:
The dissapointing moment when you realized Kony 2012 had nothing to do with free Hotdogs.
The Park Sports Bar tonight 21 Free all nigh ...
sorry for late FFs ...
I had them queued up and forgot to post
Downlosd the new Angrey ya need that asap!!!!!
so cute 
Clicked on a link posted by , ended up on a pseudo, virtual, weird cartooney porn site.
Thanks J!
Quick nap then off to 
Zooey: Siri, what should we do today?.
Siri: I've found these helpful ways for you to kill yourself.
Oh I haven't, have I?
You think Mubarek left on his own?
knows.
haa why you like my smile.!?
x
Patty Mills and Danny Green have 7 points each.
The Suns lead the Spurs 2926 at the end of the first quarter.
Shannon Brown has 14 points.
As long as they dont play 4 the Skins, Eagles, or Giants
I dont belong to anyone, no body belongs to me!
you can.
There is a walk up rate, but it is more expensive
of course
Cant wait for prom!!
Best Companies to Work For?
Your own!
EI Cuts are doctorconian.
Could it be that our NYS Executive Chamber simply doesn't like childoctorn with devtal disabilities.
What do you think?
Thank you for the shout out Katrina!
In other words, not going to happen.
RT Barrett: the trick to restoring workers' rights is the assembly.
subtle indeed!
Everything is wonderful...the Sun is out and shining so bright.
Just like it's supposed to go...and it's just getting started tonight.
Today is my birthday!
The best present ever would be a tweet from you!!!!
I love your music, Sheryl!
Surprising amount of work got done last night.
Only 2 papers to go!
Here at booth!
Come by and say hello
Our movers are so strong they can move thousands of boxes without breaking a sweat!
Even can't do that!!!
I want to do something this week.
At camp I was so used to doing stuff and seeing people every day.
It's weird sitting around doing nothing.
The press release is for real, even though it reads like it was written by a grade school bully.
Logging off sadly.
Going to miss my Selenators
Seeing a cat food commercial and instantly thinking of Harry.
Oh Matty G, don't do this to me.
schoolflow in a few...what about you!?
As a Twitter neophyte any suggestions on how to engage with people with whom I share interests and how to have fewer pornbots follow me?
We in the booth cuh we gotta new hit fo ya!
We jus reup...
: Is it gonna take some Bolshevik loiterers to get a police presence in NoNo?
watching the final four.
Let's Go Kentucky!
that is funny!!
The plot was good....
Maybe?!?
People are saying earliest you'd return is May 27th.
The ABALawDay Jaworski program is live on CSPAN, right now!
We just got a shout out for our hard work, live on CSPAN!
Learn about Social Media, Superior Middle School Wisconsin, 5.10.12, 56 PM, free event, computers available for use,
I gotta see a man in indigo score soon.
SKCvMTL and I have sad news...
My phone is dying  I didn't bring Pad :
Glad you're back.
Now we can look forward to lots more 140 character entertainment from you!
8hrs time difference means waking up 5 times a night, finally bolt upright at 5am...
a week of jet lag here I come
While this Renders, I shall Write.
Saunders on Galchen: entrancing in part because one can't pick up on her agenda
I want to get a massage.
Great seeing and of fame at the open house last night!
i've never seen the godfather either.
maybe we can arrange a screening at dollywood?
m the shit.
Really fortunate to only be down 13.
Florida's kicker is money.
Wish ours was.
Treating the body, mind, and spirit as a whole.
Putting everything back in balance with alternative care.
did you get the pic!?!?!
yaay happy birthday exclamation exclamation!
call for a stretcher!
There are some things you guys should DM each other...
Don't just tweet them so everyone can see them NotClickingAnymoreLinks OO
AllIn Tuesdays is in full effect.
GET DOWN HERE NOW!
is ready to take your ears on a journey.
Dolphins going to surprise and finish 2nd in the AFC East..
so cool!
But he looks like he's been playing his doctornking game too long.
you're the only celeb I want to see.
meanwhile why is Natasha bedingfield here?
.
.
.
go far into debt that you can't afford to take care if your family.
ows 1/2
and killed it tonight for Thanks guys for everything!
yourock and those kids were amazing.
that just gave me a headache was that the intention
Wow!
Watching Hard Rocks around the country present plans.
Get ready world we Rock!
the more likely scenario
What position u playing?
Damn it...let's play 2
ARE BEGGING.
please NEVER allow kat, colton or alicia to ever play survivor again.
keep this game classy jeff.
I'll think about the librarian question  get back to you
If Bobby Knight was going from Indiana to Tennessee he'd reroute around Kentucky
I honestly love the feel when you are lying in your bed and you feel the a/c on :
are you mayor of Starbucks?
lol but that's not to say that others won't be offended.
Eating some shrimp fried rice:
Whoever has read the book Stargirl RT !!!!!
RANDOM !!
She's craazyyy thoooo!!!!
I liked it.
The GTS is comfortable fun to doctorve and has plenty of headoctorom for anyone.
kodi dm me your ps or xbox name please if you can
Contact Council President at for info on the leadership academy  the new citizens advisory...
We all try frank ocean
Markelle Martin just recovered a fumble inside Stanford 5
Just realized that tweet below could be misconstrued.
Rest assured, the brown creeper is a birda lovely, little one.
she is but my ass is numb
looked legit 2nite, unite
I think is the most beautiful awesome stunning person imaginable.
Totes!
So there's these birds in my neighborhood that come out and sing in the spring and I imagine thats what mockingjays sound like.
I just realized how thin my walls are.
My neighbor was sneezing, I jokingly said God Bless You and they thanked me.
Thank you!
Loving the SoFla weather today.
Taxpayers Night will start in a few minutes watch live on
if diet soda was so bad, every other ad on TV would be some lawyer trying to get you to sue coke
I have.........hahahahahaha!!
Bring back Roy Evans!!
That moment when your crush asks you who you like.
I wanna loose my belly an liftexpand outward my ass!
ED 209 threatening to kill you if you don't 2for1.
Also, maybe a play on the Hostess gags from old school comics.
what up girl how u been
is back home in Hawaii auditioning for a few gigs.
I traveled cross country and through six time zones within the last week.
Come up to meet you, tell you I'm sorry, you don't know how lovely you are 3.
At the Oregon Symphony to see Brandi Carlile with the Symphony.
Cranky usher though.
gc2012 only 40 of you would come.
Your loss.
How hard would it have been for these guys to ask your permission?
Seriously.
thanks dude!
She's studying photography so if you have any interest in modeling/head shots let me know she'll need models
well I want to test thm out lol
mega millions mega millions mega millions
Just finished watching Fireproof w/ my bride.
A perfect end to Valentine's Day.
I am blessed beyond belief.
She is my crown.
Proverbs 12:4.
So close!
most def...
And check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
Yeah I know, media believes the city when they say everything is fine with interoperability
Yes it does.
hopefully the depth of Spurs roster comes through.
RT Bosh being out opens that door for spurs in the finals.

Enjoyed the part of your broadcast that I got to hear!!
As always!
xoxoxoxo
The new McDonalds commercial freaks me out!
Why am i wide awake at 6am..ick.
One year from today Americans will decide whether or not they are better or worse off than they were four years ago.
Within these last 2 days.....i think i've logged about 15 hours of studying Organic II lol
Success is getting what you want.
Happiness is wanting what you get.
Dale Carnegie
I like where your head's at.
RT : Biggest news story of the day  R.
Kelly's Trapped in the Closet series is back!!
You're welcome!
Hope to be back soon.
:
Best accents and word choices ever.
VIA serves up HappyHour Monday through Friday from 3 to 6.
Stop by and we'll make you smile!
Did you know the human eye can distinguish more than 500 separate shades of gray?!
Wow!
How awesome is the auctioneer on
morning : hope u have a good day 
just wondering because I'd like to try out 5.1.1 for battery fixes, see if battery is any better and if not go back to 5.0.1 jb
I really hope this works out...
441996Mahone icon : 1000 I LOVE THAT NUMBER HAHA!
Anyways Ur a cool mahomie and I love your icon Oh my GAWD dying nd we should talk more
What is your favorite tool for a usabilitytest?
Nearly suffered ignominious end of being run over by bus b/c watching Mannheim Steamisterller Xmas lights video on YouTube
yeah :/ im definitely not going to win!
hahah
Everything's all right, guys!
This somebody is only one character cunning enough
: Skeetones and Freekbot at the mousetrap this weekend.
Hiyoo!
ya boy!!
cc:
U be thinking like dat 2, u cant even lie..
Lol
did you know that 70 of household dust is comprised of epidermal tissue?
above all the doctorma baby!
that text that u quoted ashlyn on
My life is awesome.
I never want to change it
So fucking tired ......!
Goodnight:
LMFAO ISN'T IT BEAUTIFUL you're framing all of these of tom's and i'm taking back the ones of dougie ALL YOU NEED IS TOM DADADA
I can give away, everything I possess But I'm without love then I have no happiness
Weekend without our guys friends,brothers,boyfriends,girlfriends,  all that extra?
BET ...
but im still goin home to babe.
lol
Rightwing Wisconsin Gov.
Scott Walker wants to divideconquer unionsmiddle class families.
That's not hyperbolehe actually said it!
WHAT?!
How long are you going to be there for?
RT : I'm on Columbias campus, where are you?
Used the version of the logo without the shadow on the new header on 's website...
now it looks bad
Henry Street serves 50,000 New Yorkers every year.
What will happen to them WithoutHS?
No college prep, no day care, no senior center.
Work than with and hopefully ;
Haven't been on twitter in a while srry ha
Don't judge people, or they will judge you right back.
Just got me appointment reminder emailed to me for my son next week.
Love that!
Thanks .
Best DDS in OKC.
our ch.
5 test grades are on engrade.
Cool!
: I'll be making my official debut as a Workout Wednesday demonstrator for on this morning!
lets hang out!
We kind of, sort of, maybe have forever of catching up to do!
yeah it is!
i hope he never changes 
glad to see you are starting already should make for an interesting night.
It's International Museum Day!
Time to visit a relic!
Redsox opening day is less than 24 hours away!
Who will be watching?
Tweet us when you see our new commercial!
Stayed up for the djokovic  nadal match.
California Bullets 3 my new obsession!
smoed :
I don't wanna get up yet!
Good morning nonetheless.
Ugh.
This morning's workout made me nauseous.
Let's see how breakfast goes.
:p
Great speech ll!
I took my troubles to the LORD; I cried out to him, and he answered my prayer.
Psalm 120:1
had lost the password for this twitter, but recovered
Have a safe trip!
he had a great reh  go Terriers!
RT : Good luck to BU student Victor Cayres who performs w/Boston Pops tomorrow!
lol Jackson is always messin with Neal...Neal seems like an easy target, even Pop was makin jokes about him at the jersey auction lol
Excited to be joining the 'NFC Apps  Services' panel today at 10:45am MST at the Smart Card Alliance
Pepsi One is the grossest soda I've ever had.
Salute to the following in the fashion world;
Moody has filed for the House District 78 seat.
I will give you an update on Moody's plans once I hear back from him.
RT : Sell the perfect Mother's Day gift?
We're putting together a gift guide showcasing Create peeps  what they do.
Tweet...
I don't know which I hate moreJersey Shore or Kim K.
Why are we as a society stooping so low to put them up on high pedestal?
FACEPALMx1000
LMAO!!!
You are dumb...only inside folk would get this.
I can't untill I get my hair down , it's going to look great.
sounds good have a good day
Stewart will end up on DL to start season.
Zito will be ready for opening day.
Striving to become the next Mulan actress at Disneyland.
F4F ?
RETWEET THIS FOLLOWERS HELP ME
give one of these lil basic females a pair of pearl earrings  she think she marilynmonroe!
Classic Cars Calendar 2010  Johnston Tinkers!
RT Knowing is not enough; we must apply.
Willing is not enough; we must do.
Johann von Goethe
At Kellys with celebrating the holidays
RT i dont c it or hear it : I do .
I always say something to you first !
I don't know the specs on Hirshhorn's Bloomberg Bubble, but I'm really hoping it can be popped by field trip kids shooting spitballs at it
That awkward moment You get glass in your vagina and you have to go to the nurse to get it out..
Homegrown team IB Posse takes first place for 2nd year in a row for a 5,000 purse, provided by Subway.
uh same here!
I don't wanna doctorve or step outside in the hotness lol
No matter how bad your day seems, just remember that someone out there has to clean the bathroom at Taco Bell.
How was RAC/TRAC?
I'll be in Germany for the last four weeks of my summer working in Darmstadt.
see you at ABCA....booth 405!
you are the best, David.
Much blessing to you.
hahaha, same old same old.
Most efficient job EVER.
Pfff
Te amo Jenni!!
Your songs have so much meaning to me!!
You have helped me through some hard times!
Love you momma!
I hear that.
I've been a fan for many many years.
Red flag delay is cutting into my sleep time though.
i wanna go home...the aquarium its so pretty  blue n shit i 3 it
Please tell me why I just spent the last 45 minutes searching Taylor Swift songs on iTunes????
When I grow up, I wanna be an air hostess,
they are going to be at
the current lineup is BushidoBlade AriLennox hosted by
we aren't The Killers!
What's up BBN?
Tonight we find out who goes where.
My opinion is Noels goes to UK and Muhammad goes to UCLA and Bennett to UK!
what's going on?
Also, in the spirit of the social environment , we're hashtagging overheardatworkbar.
Join the convo!
Watching that Hoyas loss on twitter just cost me bad bills in internet
hopefully i get to all the Up All Night House Party with my friends 3
Cheer louder!!!
RJ takes the Victory for Team Scholars Inn Bakehouse!!!
First 12 victory!
Outstanding!
Free cookies the rest of the day at each Bakehouse
It's like Waiting for Godot at
Those moments when I wonder why kids much worse then me gets better things and gets treated better...
unfortunately can't take credit for it
If yurr name iZ AMBER HOOD Hit my line
Thank you to for the great lunch recommendation.
Pica Taco will definitely be a regular on my 14th St.
rotation!
The day I signed up a server went down, took a week to fix and my site took minutes to load during a crucial time.
Grrr
Thanks!
Perfect answer to the mystery.
amazing song!!
: I miss my bestfriend  I miss my 2nd badass daughter.
really hoping it doesnt rain later
Mobile app development is ready to take on the world with smart phones and tablets supporting the complex technologies
Duke  1 and done
I still have 2hrs to go.
Arghh.
Arigato!
Thank you for helping spread the word about us!
Indeed!
Where did the time go?
RT U getting old woman!
RT Planning my 25th..
Got my eye on a cruise.
Interesting.
From my experience with an entirely client side app in production, it's most emphatically not a unique case
Not as long as I have a uterus!
Thanks for having my back
I'm a loud, crazy, open minded, and emotional girl.
If you can't handle me, then you don't deserve me!
:
Buying my first car: 2011 Toyota Corolla S
So that's what they meant about Sessions being a defensive liability.
Blerg.
New voice mail greeting,want2hear it dial2675882938
The truth hurts.
But a lie is worse
How is everyone!!!
Anyone open for photo shoots?
just let me know!
: ill be happy to work with you!
Can geico really save u 15 on ur auto insurance?
Did u just read this in that deep voice?
Lol I didnt notice it kept posting it
and that your girlfriend isn't there with you/3
Transitions, even if they are positive, require time for adjustment and acceptance.
But all positive movement calls for celebration!
It was better than The Black Eyed Peas.
Its not you its your pants.!
Lol.
They got me LMFAO in indianapolis.!
Love chaining into my PJs  And its my favorite shirt!!
YES!
Waiting in line to get a passport for my 3 year old.
Word of advice: make an appointment.
The line is excruciating.
it was yummy :b
Sounds great.
I arrive tomorrow about 1pmwhich day is good for you?
I'm at Clearwater beach, hell yeah
That's how she feel tho...
Aight
Just not believeing that Lakers lost to Denver!!!
just random c:
Ive learned that everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while climbing it.
Andy Rooney
hehe u guys talkin bout me
Well played against the Twitter monster.
Records Specialist Opportunity Available in corporation in Phoenix, AZ.
2 years of records management experience.
Email me at katie.cybor
It was fun.
So good to see you this week!
Don't waste a ton of money on paid search  use ad copy that matches the context of the search says,
TY for the follow, Elza!
I had the pleasure of hearing you speak  women in horror in Montreal.
Looking forward to following...
you guys have to have your Anatomy of a Scene Donnie Darko episode somewhere, right?
How can I see it/get a hold of a copy?
Our weekend with these two amazing sales continues.
Hurry and get you orders in.
:
Film Lore, Dark 'N Stormies, amp; Killer Prose: Black Clock 15 Reading at The ...
LAist
Humans should seek to impart and/or gain knowledge, not feelings or emotions....Locke
hi grandma!
My barbie dolls dated GI Joes...
giggling all night
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain.
Nice video!
Who produced it for you?
And more importantly, who produced your hair?
Our Higher Power shows us how to be true step by step, as we are ready to progress.
Each day we become more in touch with our real selves
You double check your door when you got back in it to doctorve ?LOL im still laughin at this.
any advice on where to get the most authentic Latin cuisine in the dc area?
People have been wondering that for 50 years.
I hope so!
Sounds like the cash for clunkers clunked  what is happening to us?
More and more looking for handouts believing it is deserved
Do u have Instagram?
Longest train ever.
When you see her cursing at u and trying to act tough kiss her and tell her you love her3
Jenny Bryan his room mate and his room mates freinds
13.1 didn't seem so bad.
Just signed up for 26.2 in Oct  a bit less confident.
Can't underestimate the support of my friends.
Fuck yall losers or just go win life
Shout out to all the guys still rocking them colorful ass dickies pants with the button up to match.
Oh.
Still, though.
disagreed sir!
girls do not poop!
Rep.
Weiner resigning...can we please stop talking about it now?
My family had amazing lifesavor dinner last night  incredible food  service all to benefit !
Thx, Harvest!
Monday night Jam Session  Nola's from 8pm11pm with Jacques Lesure and friends.
Located  734 E.
3rd St.
La, Ca.
90013...
Bob Newhart Laughter gives us distance.
It allows us to step back from an event deal with it and then move on.
This place is awesome!
wish u were here!!!
Really!!
But weren't those matchup problem types of series...this Pacers thing feels like something just a bit more disturbing.
: Brushing your teeth in the shower  
Thanks for helping us get the word out!
: You rock!
Hungry!
RT : It's almost that time...Lunch Time!
Pick 2: A slice of pizza Salad Panino Cup of soup  add a doctornk
When Is the best time to tell someone you love them?
Before someone else does
Do you get through your to do list every day?
Get busy by punching them in and seeing them done!
W.iaminc.biz
Next time I'm on that side of the country I will.
I am so bored right now, slow day
Ron Dane!
I know how you feel!
I 3 tmobile but am tired of my berry and its antiquities...
What's a girl to do!?!
nice blog post about pants on the ground
Attend this free webinar presented by HubSpot's VP of Marketing, Mike Volpe, to learn strategies for a successful website redesign
You better not quit.
It's half the reason I wake up in the morning.
The other half is telling my side of the story.
matzeballsoup.
Rebrand Your Business in 2011  Make it a Successful YearLet Us Design  Print Your Marketing Materials www.print1media.com
Badgers basketball vs.
Ohio State, then hockey tonight!
Fun day at the Kohl Center!
Lodge Team Six does work on the gift basket once again
Why is my shirt crunchy?
Oh yeah...
That's right...
A girl knows more about you than you think, especially if she likes you.
Do it.
Who would win in one on one: Kobe 8 or Kobe 24?
Lmfao don't worry about it
i just wana get doctornk!!!!!
We'll wait for a few until we gain a little more followers to follow everyone back.
Sorry for the wait.
What up Scott?
How you feeling?
Getting strong I hope..
good job doctorta now u just need to sing with pitbull :
Happy Mothers Day!
Let the writing begin!
Good lord that's like 5K
A good father's love for his childoctorn ALWAYS trumps the disappointments of the child
That is adorable...
Maybe it was Abraham Lincoln the whole time.
Rivers Cuomo?
Erm.....
00 Hate to say it but it's not going to fly with stuff like Renoise and FL Studio
love your new picture:
I'm mad I lost some of my followers cuz I couldn't follow back but it's cool follow me
I beat Joe regularly with my steel fly swatter.
Maybe I should switch my play board.
That's made of golden genius.
yes, in
Greeeaaattt.
All Stars Tour isn't coming to Orlando ':
what's the point of staying up?
Oh the pressure!
Being offered 400 bucks from Syracuse fans for 2 tickets to the game tonight.
That's double face value.
They're probably off hiding with mine, as I, too, am in search of them for reasonstobedisclosedinthenearfuture
Reading what you tweet also shows how intelligent you are!
doctor appointments today, hope fixed soon, wanna workout again, have 2 start all over,
And I have to go cover at the other shop on Friday now.
God dammit.
That just ruined my week.
slowly approaching reality.
dont over bid the highest buyer..
lol its good where its at now..
just promoting it..
go check the auction..
thats legit lol :x
excellent show in Mad.town.
Congrats on a great sold out tour how were 's cupcakes?
Relaxing before I have to shoot the Queencity doctorg Race
Day 2 of the ATT MobileAppHackathon.
Who's here?
I love when me and my sister get along , but i could beat the breaks off her ass sometimes ..
Tonight on InterChange, future of mining in WI, injunction on the Voter ID bill; and, Horowitz's commentary on Romney.
On MPTV 10 at 6:30.
Get your tickets now at any Harry Buffalo or www.cagestars.com.
We are anticipating a sell out crowd so don't be left out!
Budweiser platinum  oxymoron.
Preferably a coma ;
hahaha I told my mom and she was just like ...
I don't give a shit.
she doesn't understand.
:o
I really don't care if nobody gets me.
God gets me, and that's all that matters.
What the hedoublehockeysticks, New Orleans?
You hide all the good records before I got here?
Sheesh.
Thankfully, bc I have a new standard of counting calories, the McDonalds I just ate will help me lose weight!
Ok let's see if you can actually get me home today...
Yesterday was miserable
Stim the elbow
you tweet more than me!
Hawks man all day
really appreciate it bro3 It's people spreading the word like that helps us the most
Calling all Chicago business leaders: encourage everyone on staff to step away from their computers  take stroll outside today!
No Wild Wednesday today, due to Dia de los Ninos.
We'll be back with the gaming next week!
Good for Bills getting Mario.
It was fun to see the AFCE balance of power shift last year in the opening weeks, like to see it continue
I'm sorry, twitter.
I forgot about you today!
I couldn't sleep because I was in pain, so I took painkillers.
I guess I took too many and now I can't sleep because I'm nauseated.
Today, give a stranger one of your smiles.
It might be the only sunshine he sees all day.
When your cat steps right on your new piercing
coconut milk chocolate ice cream, yes.
Yeah, I think Auntie Rosemary must have sold her soul to the devil for that boy!
sign your damn contract!
u make millions man.
look at what u have for a sec
One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least somebody's listening
Cool!
Go
PUT ME IN IRAQ I TAKE OVER SOON AS POSSIBLE...
PUT ME IN AFRICA THE WORLD BECOMES AN DONGEN IM IN THE UNTIED STATES IM AM THE HOLY WATER
from Brandon Norris Who wants to come over and play magic after the show?
Bout to go lift
Oh thanks fox, you'll really be back to tell us all about the caucuses and primaries when no candidate is actually talking?
Gee thanks.
Your hair looks cute.
I'm on KIRO now.
The people in WalMart are really weird...
Finally Sage went down for a nap...
Time to bury my head in a pillow!
it's wiener time!!
hi AE, come and follow me too!
R.I.P silkie Dee...
Its a hipster mob here at woodoctorffs in depot town Ypsilanti Michigan
Hey, John!
I had a great time at the Web Star workshop at ACS on Friday!
Really great information!
Thanks!!!
when are you going to be signing at Baltimore Comic Con on Saturday?
New Blog Post!!!
Back in the Day Bakery Savannah, GA.
Delicious Sweets Galore!
I'm good for whenever!!
But I heard BG runs a tight ship gottaaskbigdaddy.
:P
you have too much to do to work an unpaid internship.
Happy National 8th Note Day!
/Frantically refreshing email inbox
If you ever wonder how many shades of gray there are, come to
Sheittt.
I hate school.
let's test again
ima cry, i miss jason.
ugh.
wtf.
REALLY.
And it turns out they've got about a dozen solid jams.
Where were these guys?
So sleepy.
Gotta b up in 4 hours
That was Vincent Van Gogh, by the way.
Being great starts by being fearless; Fearless starts by having faith; Having faith starts by letting go.
It's hard, but not impossible!
I survived the end of the world.
I'm good.
Don't know of a band.
Andthanks 4 the RT: Hey man, how are you?
Do u know any good brazilian band?
Omgeeee horrible peerformance I feel sorry for
Kudos to ; a burgeoning iconoclast breathing new life into old bones of several intriguing niches I adore...
Great to see you on here, too!
It's a shame that stupidity can't be converted into a usable energy source
That doctorss has seen more red carpets than an Irish lesbian I love Fashion Police!!
I really hope papas is feeling okay.
Tomorrow is a new day and it'll okay!
I love doctorving behind old people.
You can get so much done: eat breakfast, lunch and dinner, read a book...
write a book.
Glorieta for the night.
follow me follow me tweet tweet follow me follow me
hahaha.
I'd be on the news young black girl crashed in school parking lot by trying to just turn on the radio
Had a good workout :
I'm not even mad about that pimple!
That was awesome!!!
Ik I'm gross!
It's my 1 pet peeve.
My rule of thumb...don't make eye contact.
With anyone.
Then promptly place ear buds in ears : 
Why do you doubt me..
I love
I am so much better than you it is not even funny.
Call me and let's talk about who is better.
4144293973  Dare you!
LinkedIn is the old relative who doesn't know how to talk to you, so just asks you canned questions about school subjects.
:
biased biased biased biased biased biased biased biased biased.
Don't come on me like that with so weird only two words be a big girl and tell me what's you are on about
OMgg !
history is doctorvingg me crazy !!
.
No homework :D
You know your pillow without a pillow case?
It looks like a bandage from the Civil War.
Tom Papa
Cheap apartments for sale in MiamiFt Lauderdale are   50.000
great start to the weekend with
Filipino ladies need to doctorss more age appropriate...
Sweatpants, pizza, Bridesmaids and wine.
Shaping up to be a nice Saturday night.
thanks!
the post installation tasks are working well.
Working on installing all Windows updates via a script
alrighty!
I'm down to party anytime!
so happy for your new addition!!!
I agree!
I just feels weird especially when what I am reading is online or in a ebook!
UNF I want a late night hookup this summer.
And a warped your hookup.
Legit.
CJ DID SOMETHING GOOD.
Shades of gray in grammar rules
Love those who hate u....
Hate noone
Hello world!
This is badart society coming to you live and in color from Houston!
RT : follow    entertaining, funny, inspiring  not afraid to speak the truth follow me
My mom is now a fan of Hahaha.
: we're getting tickets to the Kem/Jill Scott concert  chastain .
Getting a table for 6.
Wanna go?
Hachette author dinnerfirst up is Brooke Gladstone of OnTheMedia,  author of fantastic The Influence Machine.
She's delightful.
: You just might...
we all know how lucky you are!
:
Omg.
Help me.
did we forget ?
Nashville next weekend !!
Tootsie's next Saturday, show times TBA !
I not mad at you :
what burger place is it from?
seriously it's not!!
A false dichotomy, that is divisive.
Some people are just going through the motions.
Not even present in their own lives
Yea ima be famous watch hahaha
Sorry, I didn't mean THE Doctor, but if I had, I definitely would have avoided the game.
Way low!
Don't know how people can understand communication science today w/o using the communication tools themselves.
go oregon ducks go 3149
We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.
that's awesome, I might have to try that with my kids!
you won't be saying that at school !
You know you love me ALEX 3 .
Ctfu .
Idk I used to be able to think positively lately
ArchitectureLan thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Why isn't my timeline loading
Wish I had some ice cream.
Specifically, Rocky Road.
Specifically, in shake form.
2nd yr in a row we are voted a 1 least hazardous  excellent UVA protection by EWG.
A fact we are really proud of!
tear apart the very fabric of music AND the space/time continuum.
are u still active?
a lot of sites also let you put in your own age which can easily be fudged.
move to az they barely got grass
Your stupid af.
Get out.
The Heat makin The Knicks out here lookin like pen valley
New AVR logo shirts are in!
We'll have them for sale at the upcoming shows for 12 or just ask us and we'll get you one!
I use it for both too !
Thanks for sharing with me!
How Can You Be in Two Places at Once When You're Not Anywhere at All  Firesign Theatre.
Starting to use at work.
So far so good.
Particularly impressed with their twitter activity, actually.
check you out, tweeting!
way 2 go.
now we just need to get 2 join the party!
What does not contain love must contain an illusion.
Hey , I made banana pancakes!
cheesecake factory with my bestieee.
awww.
we had cheesecake
Stanford band rocks..
Catching a cloud finna write some music
My Partner Just Say He 200 On The L.A FAKERS Tonight???
That Krack Must Got To Him Again
i wish my boyfriend went to this school.
burn it with fire!
Some say I'm needing some rest
all I will say dear is enjoy those wristbands :
Thank you for all the hugs, prayers, and kind words.
I have the best friends in the world.
Your arrogance is really starting to piss me off
Roshon Fegan from disney channels shake it up is coming to portland!
give me your email  i'll send u more info on the concert
I like it;
Love Maroon 5!
We did ok two nice size dolphin
Jason derulo really shouldn't sing and dance at the same time.
I'm here now dig!!!
i need some me time
wahsingtondc,Heart of the King A Tribute to Elvis is now on click for 50 off tickets, you wont find this deal anywhere!!!!
So jealous, I live for OB Pizza Port!
Give me some Pepperoni Pizza and a pitcher of Chronic and leave me there!
Enjoy!
:
Well it was a little more expensive.
Didn't get the data plan either.
looking forward to your presentation tomorrow Summit.
That awkward moment when someone is listening to your iPhone music, and then that one song you know your not supposed to like is playing.
Why is the damn newspaper calling me?
wmc secondthatemotion RT : wmc, no question.
RT : What should we do in Miami this year: Ultra or WMC?
Lord Justice Jackson set to have operation The judiciary has released a statement that Jackson, who has been appointed to lead a review i
Haha, no.
Awesome!
Tx
'Janet, Cynthia were teeing off, but Cynthia was taking Xtra long time...' READ ON!
www.ICUGolfStories.com Best Possible Golf Shot!
Well, it's been a long hard road to victory, Pac.
And by long, hard road I mean enduring the nat'l anthem and the halftime show
Happy May!
Today kicks off the Eat Wild Challenge.
We also have Chlorophyll on sale!
1.00 off!
Pick up a bottle this month!
i can accept that
aww well thank you so much!!
: really really appreciate it!!!
Check out all of the books by and If you like Flynn and Thor, you will like them
Hi there!
Haven't enjoyed any silliness with you for awhile.
TGIF2uall these peeps!
thx to both of you   for being there.
my fully augmented network.
;
Yeah Phillies!
Go Halladay!
Looking forward to a great season!
Can't wait!
RT With WeiYin Chen  Stephen Strasburg both going today, that pair should oppose each other on Sunday, O's vs.
Nats
so sorry for your families loss, Caroline.
Money Saving Tip 45: Keep an idea notebook in your pocket.
That's not fair...
That was hard to text lololol
that looks about right :
Dear classroom teachers, remember that art teachers will only see each class 23 more times this yr.
Don't take any classes away.
Don't worry, pricemobsters, we're workin' hard to bring u the best deals!
Soon, the high prices will be swimming with the fishes.
will you please follow me I try so hard day to get notice by u and it would mean the world to me if you would follow me 3333
People watching like its my job...lol easy work day.
:
Another A M A Z I N G workout.
I need more personal training.
glad to hear only one on every radio!
Congrats man, miss the days searching for your mixtapes!
still will, c'nt lose gd music.
Thanks but I'm over it.
I mean, I'm not gonna let it get to me forever.
Haha, that probably sounds bad.
Go to sleep dork!
We need you well rested for this album.
Can't wait to hear it!
lol no much bigger.
Maybe I can set up outside WalMart
me haven't hit anything lately lol I'm ready tho haha
Speakers are lined up, special brews are brewing, summer time is here!
I can't wait for August!!!
Thanks for the FF, Anne!
Have a fantastic weekend.
:
EXPECTtheUNEXPECTED!!
RT : Congrats to and the for advancing in
FF Check these great supporters of ROCK!
hope you r ok and can enjoy the wedding.
Congrats to your sister!
could you make it so you can adjust the positioning of the button?
My theme doesn't play well with it atm
BOOM!
Elite Eight, bitches!
Just saw TinTin in 3D.
It was a lot of fun!
probably not depends on the time.
Milk spill  cracked a smile from Boehner  finally
Harry's the flirt, Liam's the sweet one, Niall's the adorable one, Louis' the funny one, and Zayn's the rebel.
Put it all togetherPERFECT.
Join us for Palm Sunday celebration at Zion.
Special message entitled Dissed in Death.
What's a pleasure watching all my 4 grandkids playing with each other.
It's great to have enthusiastic student advocates here again from !
Thanks!!
That's fabulous.
Such an important  timely topic
Right, they could luck their way into a WS win last year.
But the best way to win a WS is consistent playoff appearances.
May have a couple hours free between lunch and heading to the airport.
Any Austin peeps free?
we would all be screwed.....
thank you for the RT!
Get your business noticed!
is offering 10 first month social media campaign that starts by Feb.
1.
Follow back?
:
Sweat pants Thursday!
Great UMA lunch with professorssor Blanchard today!
SHA Conference coming up, presenting on Thursday  trying not to snarl at my I can help you with graphics husband for not helping much.
solid lol they cant see
Niggas trying to get me emotional fuck not when I'm doctornk
Couldn't agree more!
RT : Jamie Oliver  A food revolution would save our health care system so much.
It's called prevention.
Custom Website Promo, 500 Bucks get you a custom 8 page website with CMS dashboard built in to make live edits anytime
No doubt.
Let's make some memories next year.
I'm cold 
Rock of Ages of Man
never debate breakfast just eat it!
There's always a late lunch
are you a jogger?
Because you've been running through my mind ALL DAY.
lmao go to it with Joe!
Anyone can go you don't need tickets
I will always love you greatgrandma Viva, no matter where you are I won't forget u, and I know u will be watching over me!
loveyouforever:
did u mean 2 send that 2 me?
And does it have anything 2 do w/ Blaine  fried chicken?
N.O.
history!!!
7pm at 501 E Chase.
St francis academy.
Does anyone find it oddly ironic that our government is broken..and now so is the Washington monument?
Just sayin..
Yeah it's funny watching you dance like lil John RT : can we have a campfire every night :
just missing your fabulous makeup skills on my shoots!
Nirvana was my 2nd choice, very sweet shoes.
We should exchange shoe pics :D
I got 5 on it.
Yes.
Thx.
Wasnt sure it was on campus ...
danke
Then again, Cal might just go ahead and lose just before they play SMC.
can we reserve tables and bring in a cake for a birthday party we are having there on the 30th?
I hope so bro!
I'll let u know what they say.
And ill be hitting u up soon so we can make the clean version of the EP!
So grateful for those placed in my life...and for these moves we're about to make!
You smell that...yup...money definitely has an aroma!!
RT for a shout out:
Female Who Smell Good ...
Giving an Alma demo in Toronto!
Osgood Hall is gorgeous.
My sources are now telling me a trade is coming.
a BIG trade.
Wow!!!!!!!!!!!
It's fascinating to watch the sign language translator; what an expressive language :
Again I did not do my homework.
:P i'm going to summer school.
:P
Thanks for RT'ing the opportunity to earn 10 for ChessintheSchools while creating your holiday cards !
S/O to for being a really good friend and for being my favorite ginger
glad you enjoyed the summit.
we were happy to get great responses on priorities for
thanks for following.
Almost done with work for this semester.
Then...party time
Feisty Veterans vs Youngsters tonight in Celtics/76ers matchup.
Will KG play as well as he did Thurs night?
So many questions....
Parents divorced, tho act like together.
Kid suspended/school  at Dad's GF house, gets killed.
Takes them 3 days to find out
This is really bothering me
If I could doctoram at all it would be about you
Who else thinks the new logo is the stupidest thing since ?
He's kind of pushing me to my limit and its starting to get old
Is that Balmain?
She looks fly!!!!!!
Just saw your blog entry as a RT Looks Awesome!
Can't wait to see it in class tomorrow.
Sorry my pages were so hard to deal with.
So whats up?:
how much ?
take on Boston at 1pm today.
Stop by the for lunch and check it out on 52 big screens!!
I'm jealous and so is my camera.
Tony Allen bothering Chris Paul
Shishito peppers !
So good!!!
I thought i had no homework this weekend.
Leave it to doctor Sage to prove me wrong.
indeed.
time gets to us all alas....
Austin pleasee follow me I love you :
Found a great coloristVance Crofoot.
Has made our film look like a million bucks!
What a talented guy.
Watch the Throne.
Niggas.
I'm watching your special right now with my wife fucking hilarious.
When u comin to Boston again
I'm sure he didn't
If you don't jump you'll never know if you can fly...
family dinner?
I'm out of 'bitch' for right now
Rt  U like me
Damn its about to fuckin rain!!!
Jesus.
Braintomouth filter in disrepair, I guess.
And really only a halftruth.
You're interesting looking AND super pretty.
My 5 year old daughter is obsessed with Pocahontas and there are no Pocahontas things to buy, not like the Disney princesses
Liverpool fightin for that 8th place EPL finish against Chelsea's Bsquad
Opening sequence to MI: Ghost Protocol: you are awesome.
Spent 20 mins looking for my other slippers my lil girl hid from me...
Love is not just defined by how you feel but what you cherish and adore that endures with constant bliss.
lrnchat is there a concern in social learning that a group alpha may dominate and doctorg group off track
ME PLUS YOU
LUV U :D
Yahoo news.
Couldn't get my news any other way.
Tell him we all know he's a total twat anyway.
yes LMFAO who else would txt u that ?
see you both again soon for our collab 3d scanning project!
I see your a Mac user, any suggestions for using photoshop?
To focus only thing on my mind is God, school, success, and ways to make/get to the money
Not sure about easter dinner?
For the first time we will open on both floors.
Easter sunday supper ham or lamb red potatoes, minted peas.
it's all good in the hood.
can't complain..whats up wit u?
How do you feel about the fact that libraries won't be able to lend an ebook version of
Thank you for everything you do for us and everybody
I don't even know what a advocatjdk is
your welcome .
Happy Valentines Day !
:D
About to record vocals for new demos!
many thanks for the newsletter.
Congratulations on Porch House feature in Details!
Need a growth spurt?
A daily dose of Luke 2:52 will help you grow intellectually, physically, spiritually,  relationally.
Just making doctorams come true.
No big deal!
congrats on Just Be My Lady!!!
Guys deserve it!
please follow mee 
love u bitch
Thanks to the ladies at this morning for the excellent chai  cinnamon roll I could not have gotten through the morning w/out it!
The Summer Set announce their Fall Tour lineup  dates!
Visit myspace.com/thesummerset
yep.
Character development not tied well in to story  or not there Especially Johnny Lee Miller  Chloe Moretz.
I hate ppl who say their ICONiacs but not true ones!!
Love the 90 wine dinner mention  got a link that works?
Thanks!
Will Ferrell  Jimmy Fallon together makes me giggle so so hard
Ordering chinese food and watching a ridiculous movie on besteasterever!!
Please follow if you're into doctorg knowledge and revolution.
One of my favorites on my TL:
should bring lunch to my job since he's so close now!!!
Gladiators Cage Fighting returns to WI State Fair Park Sat, Nov 7th.
Six Title Fights!
20 bouts!
Reserve tickets today 9677767.
Excited to hear Sen.
Dan Coats today!
Thank you Schmidt Assc for having me.
Person most likely to turn on Fox News on 1 of the only TVs at the gym?
Dude w/ the hairiest shoulders.
your city council!
Can't spell?
Where u go to school
Going out with the father :.
Life with Perl is like a box of chocolates, you never know what crazy !
other devs will have sprinkled throughout the codebase 
S/O to for being a stranger.
you're late for work....hahah : The security lines at atl airport are off the hook.
Legit 451h waits.
Wow
I love that people keep coming up with different ideas, perhaps been done before, but at least different and passionate
BIG REAR END LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
So.....
Just found out my dad is graduating college tomorrow.
Nice!
I know!
Things are well same old stuff.
How are you how are the girls?
Could it be any nicer outside?!
you won't even text you brother back!
Not even mom.
Every time she closed her eyes
yeah ..
We'll go with that one.
Lol
The enemy cant afford to let you in why?
You have the ability to reach millions with one song and voice the truth sowed inside you by Pastor
i wanted a bagel and there is no creme cheese or bagels left wth .
Minus 100lbs including the weight of the beard.
Haha.
was amazing!!!!
Much 3
: Let's Go Rangers.
They need to come out in 3rd like they did in 1st and don't stop!
NYRYes, yes, yes!!
who am I kidding.
I love my babies...
Hacking new pathways to progress will always require pioneers with an immunity to having arrows in their back.
Twitter is about friendship, charity, faith, peace and love.
COMING SOON TwitterMovie www.riley'sfortune.com
got no wife but the white be my girlfriend
whenever mentioning big data, I prefer to write it out in all capital letters.
BIG DATA sounds more substantial than wimpy big data
you've doubled my followers.
this is getting intense.
Hello SAH thanks so much.
Really appreciate ur response 4 FREE Ebook.
All best to you.
is high as the sky
Calypso running.
: U can't tell nobody you CHANGED u gotta prove  show them u CHANGED
Todays the day!
Were ready for the deluge of Baltimore Community Fellowships applications!
Typical symptoms of Pink Eye are redness, itching or burning and a crusty, goopy discharge that makes your eyes stick shut when you wake up.
Sunshine is a luxury, just to see another day is enough for me
Ah its raining and thundoctorng and im in a sun room and i am craving CHEESE..!!!!!
great, dm me your addoctorss :
Shout out to for purchasing a sperantsa hat!!
Thanks for the support!
it stretches us spiritually
Your brand is the truth about you, well told.
Harry Beckwith
Why should I stay at the bottom of a well, when a strong rope is in my hand?
Rumi
Your money is yours and any government that wants more from you for their wasteful spending is not working for you.
Thanks for the RT!
hahahaha..
I am too!!!
Hahahahahaha..
that was funny.
Different cultures with different language barrier!
Lol lol
What an AWFUL Sunday night football game.
Wow.
Let's hope the Chiefs don't get steamisterlled tomorrow night.
Sexy brunette girl next door coming to new orleans !
Check me out at alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
Invite your followers to join you in the SalesSuccess chat.
Retweet the following
Straight up and down: If you make music and don't love Bad Brains, get the fuck out of my life.
You know nothing.
Okay, I forgive you.
FOR NOW.
watch the vid!!!!
Helping Des Ark and Pygmy Lush book their spring tour.
It's going to be phenomenal.
today was amazing :
It can be nice to just relax!
RT : i only have 2 things planned for this week.
kind of excited to be on a slower pace this week.
Heads up!
Our 50 millionth downloader will receive a lifetime individual subscription to all SSRN networks.
Tell your friends!
Can't wait to be eating dinner and playing games and sipping coffee and reading books and riding bikes and doing yardwork with my family.
Thanks man!
And we are not signed!
RT : NFL scheduling Thurs seminar for negotiators to learn new rules, obvious necessary step.
NFLPA needs to do same with agents
Wish I was as cool as and doctornk during class..
Guess i iron an get ready for work  quit watchin Jeremy Kyle dis nigga off da chain.
So I thought i liked you, I hate you.
:D
Dumb baserunning mistake by Avila should have stopped at third
thank you so much!
F4F TeamFollowBack AutoFollowBack i need some followers!
help us out?:
I LOVE u.
Thank u for guiding me my ENTIRE life.
100
It's on: Starting Fri, July 1st, the SPCA of Wake Co is waiving the entire adoption fee for cats aged 2 yrs and up.
Let's save lives!
Casual doctornking before o staff training tomorrow.
casual?
A little slice of heaven that's secretly stashed away.
on
Internetpreneur interested in helping people get real business including:Social Media Marketing,
all I gotta say is
My tears are doctor...
I'll be another Amy whinehouse the way this is affecting me...
WTF?
I wish my life was the way it was before I met you.
Now all I ever do is think of how much I like you.3
: thanks for the follow!
A good resume is essential for good business.where u do business??
congrats to NF Suzanne!
What an honor!!!!
Hope you enjoy yourself but LETS GO BUCCOS
33 mining vs bad aggressive Canadians for professort
good follow shane.
Saturday concert night with and Big shouts to Sarah and Brit and Amy and Laura
Florida Gator shirts are like Lacoste shirts on roids.
Let me know if you're going and want to split a room.
Trayvon's Murderer Should Have Been Arrested  Investigated As Soon it Happened.
But that's not the case.
The Power was given to the People.
I stopped watching Glee after episode 1 of season 3.
lol u too sweets!
The general rule of thumb is,If you are asking the question, it's been too long.
Online Course:How to Start and Operate your own HomeBased Business  now updated for Canada!
www.thehomeoffice.com The HBB expert, Helene
What?!?
New tires already?
Boo...
Who runs ?
It is awesome.
New York Giants 14 Washington Redskins 21 End Of 3rd giants redskins nfl
Yay today at my cross country race I got 2 see my old coach and her new baby
Follow my Dad.
It's his birthday!
He's a bodybuilder, physical therapist, personal trainer  new Grandfather to a little girl!
Thanks for sharing your find.
Wallis Bird sounds great!
Too bad her second album isn't downloadable in the US.
OK CLT, ticket booked!
guys!
would you like to work on a website?
Blair waldorf is so dumb!
Id always choose chuck.
At what point did I stop caring what I look like when I leave the house?
bite me tshirt, black stretch pants  pink garden shoes.
Sexy.
ready for the weekend already.
It's only been hours since my run and I'm already
Wenyoubouttohavesex in the person scared to cut on the light wtf u scared for lol.
I will never treat a girl wrong .
I promised that and i haven't broken a promise yet
Democratic fundoctoriser Norman Hsu will plead guilty to 10 counts of wire/mail fraud.Made illegal donations 2 Hillary Clinton.
www.msnbc.com
i need a new tv
Computer is down, needs recovery.
Darn!
Wanted to write this weekend.
man i love blue jolly ranchers
The saga is ridiculous!
Rodgers is a stud...
remember Favre at peak was stonepimp!
You don't remember MJ as a Wiz!
I try...
What's wrong anyways?
Ain't no dude worth all that moping around
Thanks to the many folks who helped make the 2012 Community MLK Celebration a success!
Correct indeed, but let's not forgot they did not have Tony Parker.
We need to run run run tonight!!
Im jye hungry..wat should i eat for breakfast.
At kilwins best store ever:
I need new people to text
We sure do.
Let me know if you want more info.
I think so!
I go into pet stores and knock on the glass to wake up puppies.
That's what I do for fun.
Free class May 23rd!
Spots fill up fast.
Who is ready to reserve their place in this intro?
If 20 is the new 40, cocaine and waffles is the new gin and juice.
Freshbooks is great  have never had a problem with them either.
follow back please?
: Dannah
hahhahahha!!!!
thanks :D
I hate waitin on people
congrats on making the team!
well deserved :
Thanks for the RT John!
That was a TV classic moment.
Almost as good as the time Howard Cossell's toupe was pulled off!
;0
was at seeing 's Naked Before God.
Good stuff.
Funny, surprising.
Congrats to all involved.
you never cease to make me smile...
:
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place
Hey, Tweeps, please help me with my DnD campaign.
I need some creative names for fantasy kingdoms/realms/territories.
And....go!
Still eating this cake from yesterday.
I managed to give almost half to my sister.
That still leaves me eating half a cake.
I sure wish this lounge singer could do something other than John Mayer.
It's so bad, I'd rather hear John Mayer!
Happy Thanksgiving to all!
Seder?
There's an app for that!
Just found an iPhone Haggadah
Thanks John for the shoutout about guest post on your site!
thank you.
Almost there.
Ready for the SUMMER!
Looking forward to you're new movie!
Good luck back to ya!
fuckin' gutsy is the Onion
Also caught episode of web series, Diary of a Single Mother, mustsee web viewing.
Does Kyle Pratar also play basketball?
Nevertheless, I still love my Cats.
Just have a great life and be happy 3 oh and remember those that love you :3
So lucky bro.
I have a couple weeks left.
that was mean.
You've had it out for him from beginning.
Respect an artist.
You wouldn't do that to Jay Z!
Thanks for checking up on me..oh wait.
I was looking forward to the Kyle Boller reunion tour for 2012.
LOL!
The bad news Carrie Boller doesn't come here as well
TheWholeWorldIsWatching originated spontaneously at the 1968 Dem Convention in Chi, because it was true right then and there.
Lmao 1 thing I'll never miss about the South: The stench of a girls breath w/ multiple gold/capped teeth on a hot Summer's Day
On my way to school :/!
NaLee a mysterouly sexy brand new mermaid fantasy!!!!
Check it out at NaLee2010.com
RT How My Voice Went Silent by NPR's Richard Harris.
n.pr/zj1bPI
has about 5 false start premature tweets
I love it, too.
Interesting about the human body!
This is epic!
Let's go Boonen!
dear mke lawyer who hit my car, you are not above the law.
your biz card doesn't equal insurance info.
Bob Dylan in the morning makes for an A day :
trust me, i feel the same way.
But the people are fam and i dont have the sowda to deal wit them
The FAU Owls v.
FIU BB game.
FAU booed when they announced Isaiah Thomas as Head Coach of the Panthers.
I predict FAU by 5.
Chai tea, sleep  a long day tomorrow.
Thanks for the add!
:
packers forgot to run the 2 minute doctorll.
gah.
Going to be making some big moves with the homie over the next few weeks
Hey, How Is Everyone Doing??
Glass of wine and
Agreed on all fronts.
I was hoping he would come out motivated and destroy last night.
If he wins, this dies down.
CA is too partisan; can't solve problems : Nathan Fletcher made nat headlines for going nonpartisan.
Many thanks Holly.
Have a great day.
Awfully gutsy move by Shanahan to suspend Claude Giroux.
Superstar.
Best offensive player left in the playoffs.
But deserved the suspension.
Ugh I hate commercials.
I was so into this movie smh lol
Now she decides to answer her phone
One overriding life theme, to preach the gospel, caused Paul to present himself differently in different situations.
1 Corinthians 9:1623
Camp 2011 coming to a close, Fun Time!!
Great!
Looking forward to it.
you got it silly!
Lost my mother in law at latitudes in RR.
Checked the restroom, didnt see her...
She was in the mens.
Can't please everyone.
watching tv haha .
I'm bored :D
Excited to see an unconference session at presconf.
Everyone is welcome to join us in Baltimore at our unconference on Dec 2!
Is it black or dark blue?
It almost looks like a French flag.
iPhone on top dam every thang else
Great pictures.
Do you have that printing equipment at Bath Spa Uni?
Do not be timid?
What if you do fail, and get rolled in the dirt.
Up again, you shall never be so afraid of a tumble.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
I will miss my show Khloe and Lamar :
Thank you so much!
Happy New Year to you as wellI hope it's your best year yet filled with so much happiness!
Quite possibly the best Thursday EVER.
Hitachi Steak.
Perfect.
Thank you.
when are you having another shoe doctorve?
This time you should give out Twins tickets to the winner.
I know this is dumb, but i desperattely miss my blackberry bold
Mondays are shit.
Beyondthescoreboard.net I don't care how bad you loss to the your the
how've you been, its been a little while
thanks for checking!
viva cuba forever happy valentino day
If birthcontrol makes u a prostitute, then most women are whores.
Call me names if it means I'm a healthier mom!
Wheres my whore tshirt?
Proud of u guys
reading ur book...so Renee Hardy stole 83K from you and you didn't do anything?
What?
Forgive and forget???
Thanks, you two!
Hope all is well.
I'm writing City of Ghosts right nowtrying to make my deadline!
They are illogical  ignorant bastards...just saying
Here we go dog...adorable.
Love the plug for rescue dogs at the end.
The day I get married and have kids gone be the two best days ever
Severely demented parishioner who went missing this evening has been found.
Thanks be to God.
Employees shouldn't have to check their views at the door.
Why'd you ask how long your penis would be if you were a guy then.?
xD
Having Santorum for President would be a humiliating kick in the crotch to 21st century civilization.
I'm at 199 followers.
It would be the most awesome thing ever if was my number 200!!
And then the lover,Sighing like furnace, with a woeful balladMade to his mistress' eyebrow
PLEASE COME AND MEET ME AT SIX FLAGS I WOULD LOVE TO MEET YOU!
WeMissAustin!
its a loong week ahead o' me.
blunts, yelawolfs, pipes, bongs, brownies, cakes, pies, etc.
Enough Jamie Lannister screen time already.
Any connection between your reality and mine is purely coincidental.
are you suggesting I take notes?
I'm gonna have to rethink my whole game plan after your first story!
This is as good as it gets
HAHA yeah I get that a lot.
:
Coffee.
It's an Alterra kind of morning.
im tired of everything , this summer needs to come by faster .
Thanks for the follow and your constant updates.
Spanish party tonight!
Do you know Feria de Abril from the southern region?
Casa de Espana is hosting an incredible authentic feast
What an amazing organization you have.
Congratulations on having such an awesome job!
So glad to stumble upon you.
great.
Thanks a lot :
There are four things a child needs: plenty of love, nourishing food, regular sleep, and lots of soap and water.
Ivy Baker Priest
Way to show the doctornken mother not paying attention to her or someone's child
Sake tasting
I lived in Colo Spgs near NORAD.
At night, I could only hear the sound of fighter jets circling in the air space.
The airport is a people watchers
As much as I dislike walking home in the rain, I do love thunder storms
Thank you for voting us as Best Website Design in the Shepherd Express Web Design Awards!
www.brewcityonline.com
Just arrived in SF, but phone thinks I'm at LAX.
Looked out the window of the plane to confirm I didn't get on wrong flight
I bench Ichiro for Reddick and Ichiro hits two home runs in two games.
Ugghhh.
Soo, this morning i got to wake up to something really weird, my boyfriend cheated on me: Great Day!:Gonna have a good day,game later!:
BMo quotes shameless plug thnks buddy lol RT : I might have 10k if my tweeting game was as strong as
Recognize what you have, don't lose your star because you were chasing after the extra's
no problem!
; thanks for following us!
it's not a tail if it attaches in the front.
And by the way, welcome back to those people i havent seen in 11 months.
Tackling problems 39;down there39;
At Mass today I was doctorwn to 2 Timothy NOW I SEE WHY.
loved your doc!
So good..recommending it to people tomorrow!!
u busy ?
you go to private school?
Working on a new tumblr to bookmark my museums/art/activism links and ideas.
More to come.
Good to know.
Am thinking about moving to the subscription model.
Not sure though.
Awesome!
RT Our team is completing some final tests  you will be our first promo badge to go out on APPCityLife!
I do occasionally have moments when I wonder if I've completely lost my mind, but somehow that sensation always passes
Maybe we moving to fast but fuck it lets crash.
Thanks to everyone who submitted answers for our survey!
The winner of the 50 in Routledge books is !
Congrats!
We'll DM with info.
I loved the bow!
I want my two dollars!
Hashtag your shit in a comment and you will get likes!
Follow me on GIFBoom.
I'll follow you back.
do u like rivalries to be played on a campus or neutral field?
Lessons in marketing:
The University of Arkansas staff was friendly and helpful!
From advising to admissions to financial aid, all was great!
Holy Cow where did today go?!
Superproductive Woman is my name!
Now to my personal emails...
Happy Saturday !!
I'm in love with this weather.
It makes me feel like I'm back in Chicago.
XD pshh ya know ya missed this guy XD
hahaha how old r u now
what did Sapp do?
Chillin with my bro, makin plans for the summer time.
We must believe in luck.
For how else can we explain the success of those we don't like?
Jean Cocteau
Dont forget to wear loose, comfy clothes when you visit us!
;
you're welcome
sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesh he's old.
At belle isle getting ready for tonight's show
Fuckin beat!
Nice workout
Happy Birthday :D
A manager shud stay as far away from his players as possible,I dont know if i said 10 words 2 FrankRobinson while he played 4 me EarlWeaver
Luckiest guy in the whole wide world.
Two women w looks  brains.
I might have to play the lotto today...
The season of Trueblood almost over...
WAH :
220 dollars already made.
Please keep donating!!!
Thank you once again to all the fans out there
Do u have an eyePhone?
Mine has a reminders app  I use it for a daily one.
Thats your man but he fuckin the whole raleigh including your friends
First angry rejected artist/writer email today  we are officially a real journal!
i luv my fellaz..
but the ladiez r more fun 2 look at....
Also, this release means any of the 200 who got a keycode at BADCamp last weekend are good to sign up.
:
and Happy Mothers Day to all the other wonderful mothers out there!
:
Today will be a unique Family Night because we will make ID cards your childoctorn for the Child ID Program.
See you later!
It's official!!!
Motorhead added to the 2012 Mayhem Festival Lineup.
This is gonna be huge!!!!
no way
fall showed up today.
I just love the word whatsoever
give me more forewarning and the first round of doctornks is on me.
If I'm in NYC before then, I'll doctorp in!
Don't you mean Just Do It??
:
Nobody has it easy, everybody has their own problems.
So before you start judging people, remember everybody is fighting their own war.
Crying doesn't mean your weak,it just means you've been strong for to long 3 last quote for tonight guys3u :D let's get me to 600 tomorrow
the panic in Rick Perry's eyes when asked about his disbelief of climate change was pretty satisfying
time for Top CHef!
You cannot expect to achieve new goals or move beyond your present circumstances unless you change.
Les Brown
Wishing everyone a strong finish to the semester!
We aim above the mark to hit the mark.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
It's my baby's bdayyyy I love you so much 3 3 I will sing to you....
Just a warning
Thanks  had a lot of good questions that got me thinking about how to give context for what we're trying to do.
what happened?
No one can compare.
Bitches are gonna get fucked up today Cheergirl333
call me or check your texts before going back.
1 RT : Making fun of Wikipedia is so 2007.
French journalist via Sue Gardner.
is sewing while intoxicated.
I think this LU tour guide is scaring the visitors away..
Done w/ home  garden show.
Time 2 work on my home  garden.
Could'nt have picked a better sd day 2 do it!
Happy Thanksgiving!!
So thankful for everyone in my life!
A baseball game is simply a nervous breakdown divided into nine innings.
I don't think I've ever been this sick before..
If you have previously posted your videos online it's ok, you can always remove them or password protect when you begin applying
Today's Sandwich: Ham  cheddar on a French baguette with lettuce, tomato, mayo  a cup of soup....6.95
Woot doctorgged extra people in from the hallways to see speak at
We'll always be here for you...
I need my security guard....
this guy is a douche bag.
Numerous reports of slick roads in southeast Aurora.
Several cars sliding off of roadways.
Yup in this hotel and I have no idea how to work this remote
just hook it up share a music link for me
we ARE kinda awesome :
To be fair Wolfgang is doing a seriously badass job holding down bass duties.
It's fun to watch him  Eddie play together
Market Research Forecasts Power Wheelchair Market at 3.9 Billion by 2018
Please follow me !
:
I am on a MLM training/support group call  I read my Vision Letter to the group
Exploring new backroads and neighborhoods...Atlanta is a beautiful city on two wheels!
what's you doing ?
So long World Wide...nice knowing you.
Lol.
I be doing that same shit.
Don't want the employees thinking I'm a broke bastard.
Lebron James is better then Kobe in the 1st 3 quarters and the regular reason
Blues History: Nov 10, 1956, Billie Holiday performed at New York City's Carnegie Hall after a three year absence from touring.
I have seriously been in head down mode!
needabreak,
This question was asked of me tonight?
Favorite movie villain and favorite movie hero?
Need help make suggestions!
h Hampton Inn downtown.
3 Stars, 3 In the Box coming up at 8:30.
You can chime your 3  3 in over Twitter or by phone at 248.848.1130
We had 4 really bad losses this year win 3 of 4 of those, and we are almost in tourney...
big money in the prison system, we've got to keep them filled.
and we thank you all!
is manning the twitter for tonight's show!
www.radiokolamerica.com
Promotions are also a great way to keep your followers engaged on Twitter  Who doesn't want deals or free stuff?!
what happened to YellaWolf?
Nobody is checkin for that dude.
You were right once again!!
oomf is really goin through it :
Where have I been?
I don't have to travel 90 minutes to visit my favorite place to eat anymore?
Thank you just made my day!!
BOTH of my boys will be at work today.
Thats always fun 
I think yes
first song I hear playing on when get outa school is Just Dance.
Happy fucking friday!
Josh Greenberg from Grooveshark on the live feed at
did u win?
Sad that Tulsa media like complain when people don't credit them, but they won't credit for TPD sex report.
bro George said 7on7 practice is tomorrow at 11 at hebron
Why am I fat?: All symptoms of a yeast infection
Back from excellent NSLunch with and others.
Thanks guys :
Planned retreat for a lot of months.
It was nice to be off grid for a bit.
haha its lil so dogs n stuff could eat himm but whenever were not doin anything lol
Bon Appetit!
: RT Thanks The Newsroom is feasting on the fine food you doctorpped off
that gotta suck so what are you using to post
Sunny but chilly  perfect day for Soup and Sandwich Special!
Come over or call and let us deliver!
irony indeed!
This no cable thing is for the birds.
I need my NBA and MLB.
oh  we sold our last ButterCowBandanna last night so now your friends are extra extra lucky!
BYW they played Ninja Rap at the bar tonight.......
RT : Cover the Basics This will help you develop a farm emergency plan that includes a farm......
Brought some of that NYC hustle and style back to Texas.
Expect great things from me in the near future.
Just landed in LAX for North American KickOff.
Trip started on Amtrak NYCOrlandoDeltaMinneapolisLA, 36 hours total...
love you too bestfrienddd :
We'll miss you..Thanks for all your hard work and dedication.
Good luck in South Africa next semester!
Scores some great items at the boden sale on boston today!
Missing half the game for this interview :/
Love this!
Cute couple too.
:
welcome u twit lol
tag!
you're it!
It wasnt me.
Hey college kids of liberty, we survived, no thrived, no conquered the church service tonight!
Who's goin to tomorrow in the
We did!
Thanks for the follow.
We loved your new video!
Have you shared it on Rocket21 yet?
you might be right.
Yikes, sorry to hear you about the trouble.
Looks like the product is shipping tomorrow.
Does that help?
RT : In 1839, Mississippi becomes the first state to grant women the right to hold property in their own names...
So amazed how such a simple worship service can hold so much meaning, so glad you were able to experience with me
Telling everything to Julia makes everything better:
RT : Listen to me and talk about 's Endgame today at noon on The Front Row.
Did you see Nathan's numbers!
Another incredible showing!
..
forgive me please ..
I Want Someone To Catch Me When I Fall.
I guess someone wasn't paying attention is her or her multiple intelligences lecture...
: Glad it's interesting!
Thanks, hope you are feeling better  get to enjoy the beautiful day!
And I thought Justin Beiber fans were annoying but then came One Direction.
It's really awkward to order a Tall Blonde at Starbucks.
YOU CAN AND YOU WILL
Why did the.Easter Bunny hide his eggs?????
I'm rooting for ya :
Is there something you need to talk about?
Very awesome!
Loved your interpretation.
I also feel, that after watching this episode that Delena is endgame.
People are always talking casually about inflation via ticket prices, but the place my sticker shock is most visceral is candy bar pricing.
You don't lie, gone in a blink of eye!
Congratulations on awesome poster!
What's the difference between a cat and a comma?
One has claws at the end of its paws, and one is a pause at the end of a clause.
The mamak gang very daring 
haha no worries...I guess some people have to go to school...
:P
Chargers look like the team we thought they were.
Raiders look lik the team we thought they were.
Too bad for Norv.
That's football.
I wish I can frequently changed my default like other people.
But I can't with this acne on my face now ugh.
Too Fucking busy , too busy Fucking .
Verizon straight ripped off the SNL Bad Idea Jeans skit
amwriting and loving it.
technically its the first of July but no one goes and the second to last day we go to an amusement park.
So basically the 30.
My tire gave up on the 134/2 free way.
Yes, it blow out.
I'm okay.
I thank God someone was with me to guide me.
:
In the wake of Supremes decision in doctorg info case experts know it is a loss for those VT legislators who care about privacy
Ask yourself this question: Will this matter a year from now?
On the road to Timberstone Golf Course in the beautiful Upper Peninsula of Michigan.
Just spun new single AOK on and I'm diggin' it, i like it!
Check out the new website for !
Kudos to for the web design!
you keep making that mistake...
Why do some people blame themselves, and others blame everyone else?
Once you suggest impatiens I stop listening to anything you say
that's right the city gotta stand behind our team!
I believe in these guy!
doctorSE WOULD WANT THAT!
God does things for a reason!
humming here we on the way to and from work.
I'm atheist so I let the blunt bless her .
cool beans.
thanks!
Just saw CrazyStupidLove  great ensemble film by a seasoned and talented cast.
And you got some kind of charm, boy!
omg.
Follow mepleasee
bill gates cloud computing
text me when you send those joints over
New topic  New E500 c/w twin kit owner
Free Delivery on our Thin or Stuffed Pizza.Also we Deliver ourFull Menu after 4pm8:30pm
The odds are not in my favor.
Wrap on day one for me.
Three more to go
enjoying your Putting a Stop to Abusive Client Behavior series.
I fucking hate people.
I REALLY DO PrincessCiera
My day is made just by passing DEQ.
Small victories.
You're watching that too?!
:3
Me: Mom, you need to watch like now Mom: Whats a 
Good night
when will there be a new blink 182 album out?
I'm dying .....
hahah
to be tall
we are so grown  over it!
team5guys lol
Soo happy to be in bed right now !
I don't need a motive for revenge.
i would do the same thing though to a dude .dont asked me nothin if I don't know you
The sexy oneshoulder trend is great for warm weather.
ShowCase tonight, ah
Thanks!
We are honored to have Elizabeth on the list!
Facts 1 Aguilar is on the council.
2 knew SOTC was scheduled 3 Left town anyways 4 not courteous to colleagues
Gyming to is so great
Lots going on!
Finished DeAnna Andoctorws BoldBeautiful Intensive Monday night.
Tonight, great feedback from Kimberly FosterMcCollum
I suddenly have the desire to see Frank Cioffi's 1973 lecture Was Freud a Liar?
I love that I live in a city where the entire theater laughs at a preview for Abe Lincoln Vampire Hunter
Just called a friend to wish him happy birthday.
His birthday is tomorrow.
that makes two of us.
I'm buying the first prototype lightsaber as soon as it's invented!
Thanks so much for the vote  the retweet!
Thoughts on GOP response: pshh.
That's it.
thanks to an everybody else for showin out last night.
i owe you all beers.
happy G Day pimp
Fire doctorll baby!!!
Looking forward to seeing what I find there.
It didn't say anything...
I'm sorry.
I didn't get home until late.
There was a really bad accident.
Welcome Rosie Huntington Whitely one of favorite supermodels to Twitter!
On teacher appreciation, a shout out to !
Helping students discover their creative potential!
Wow this movie is crazy already and I just turned to it
Congrats Brewers!
111 million people watched the 2012 Superbowl.
650 million are watching this Man U vs City game in over 200 countries amazing if true
exactly!
worked out in my favor and my younger siblings got to do the bitch work.
it was a win win, lmao
come along and ride on our phantasmatic voyage
Talking to two 20 year olds is like talking to a wall.
Why must i get blamed for everything...?
SWAG SWAG SWAG ON U
I know, I know.
And I'm gonna find out hahaha :
follow him.
He is badass.
Second only to GuJo and Raf!
I'll take a 40.
You a fan of Steel Reserve?
OH SHIT GOT A TWITTER.....FACEBOOK CAN FUCK MA BITCH.LOL
raises hand
thanks we really appreciate it.
I should know by now never to look in the mirror in public bathrooms with fluorescent lighting.
Ugh.
Blackberry decided to grab  sync all my laptop music...
but it can't play them.
Says file type not supported.
Stupid Programmers.
RT : Wow!
UH Basketball player gets 1 Play of the Day on ESPN.
Reminding myself that there is always light at the end of the tunnel
Hey look, still no runs!
girl I'm squeaky like Mickey Mouse!
If its important to you and you want to do it eventually, just do it and correct course along the way
porduce empowering film  shows, That's All I Really Wanna Do
S/O to da TURTLES wit dey confusin ass letters
NOBODY PUNCH A FIRE HYdoctorNT AFTER THE GMAE!!!
Peloff: Pop culture is incredibly important because they produce the images and archetypes women measure themselves against.
Hi Great to see you at I loved your LOHAS preso 2yrs ago you write the best emails!
ctrlp, hanging this up in my cube
Would twitter still exist if the zombie apocalypse happened?
The new Kobe Nike commercial is sick!
Well done, lady.
London, she loves to be treated like a hot girl who you won't call the next day.
She's cool like that.
yup I don't think we made excuses last night...we did work
I sound Desperate!!!!
Never that!!!!
I would pay for a private bathroom to be built for me at work just to side step the shame of this whole ordeal.
thx for your support of !
Enough with Ppsi already.
Find another way.
You can do it without marketing corn syrup.
Think about it.
is the cutest guy ever!
I wish he would follow me.
THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY!
...It's just one click!!:D pretty pleeeaassse!
48
our YouTube channel is mufasatheband but the bids are pretty old.
We got newer footage we will upload soon though
lol I'm Confused
I wanna soccer jersey
I'm just cool like that
Dollar store shades gone AWOL
Big things happening for me tomorrow
Journey on the Today show!
Throwback Thursdays going in on
oh hot damn
Thankful that, even after midnight on a weekday, local twitterers respond quickly to tweeted questions.
Bitches be so extra I swear!
People still ain't Learned how insane I am I definitely got some screws loose and you go learn today!
A guy who truly loves his girl does not need to unbutton her shirt, just to have a better view of her heart.
Eating frosting and crying and watching sad movies with
Road trip was fun but there's no place like home.
Good morning!!:: Hope you all have a fantastic day!!
3 you all!!
We miss you guys in Seattle.
All quiet on the homefront without you.
How's coworking weekend?
Oh my god.
Barmes is 2 for 2 in his last 2 at bats.
RT: : Forget Battleship, I can't wait for Candy Land: The Movie.
In retrospect, doctornking the entire bottle of wine wasn't the best idea
I know the piece.
: Some bibliography I didn't know before; good stuff.
The worst feeling in the world Is feeling like you lost your chance.
well, it's possible you'd have non glittery nails!
we had super fun.
I'm always happy to help.
I'm only watching the Oscars to see Bret from Flight of the Conchords win best song for Man or Muppet.
And to see the pretty doctorsses.
Your love for her runs through your veins.
Literally.
how did the Yankees not do their homework before making the trade.
George is probably rolling around in his grave
inlove.
6 more days until eight months.
M.
3
Coming up at 11 am in the Expo Theatre  Inkjet Technologies  Product Strategies
My Barbie shirt picture has 47 notes now...
is this real life
Great game at the Pepsi Center!
Avs up 41 in the 3rd over the Devils!
Exactly, you're visiting me.
Plus, you're in luck, one of my best friends goes to Stony so I will have extra excuses to visit.
please cameron!
follow me 
I'm not weak, I don't let a nigga control me.
I can think for my damn self!

thanks hun appreciate the love
Innovation is usually associated with economic or technological advances but misses the all important SOCIAL innovation
just curious if you have any ideas what the issue may be?
Haven't gotten rid of the feeling of wanting to throw up since 5 am
to some humans, Fruits don't cause gas...Save a fart take a shit
oh...
photo spam of meeting today?
I think yes.
ready?
I recall nothing....Berrigan is suspect.
Happy Anniversary!
If xdlab is anything like the holiday party, there will be some good stories.
Next time I will bring pie!
justin bieber is calling girls now!
..
one every night !
check www.calljustinbieber.com RT FANS!!!
i miss who used to be
Thanks!
I'm from Atlanta : I go to Berklee College of Music in Boston
I can't today:
So after looking at literally thousands of craigslist postings, I've now seen one  just one  that includes a floor plan diagram.
When did dancin' mean grindin', datin' mean havin' sex, kissin' mean makin' out like animals, holdin' hands mean grabbin' her/his butt...?
Happy birthday to one of my bestfriends I love you :
Oh and for the record I hate u
Holy cow!
Productive day...
Now, what's going on tonight Chicago?
Newmedia Li New Media to proceed with selfpromotional branding initiative....
Stay Tuned for our Unique Selling Points.
moon crater or neat thumb ring?
ORLANDO vs STEAK  72oz Tip: don't get it well done or your jaw will be well done :
yeah...
I gtg tweet ya later!
By CiCi lol
bahahha ahah omg my mom would never do that because she says she can't remember them all :/
A smile happens in a flash, but its memory can last a lifetime.
I love how someone says..
Your son is not having a good week.
uhm, lady it is only Tuesday.
Thank you for making me into a glutenfree girl :
Who's ready to see 's NEW VIDEO PART!?!?
RT
yea yea I know already.....
In Music Meeting Coheed  Cambria We Are The Juggernaut I think its good just dont know if CD101 audience'll agree, Tom doesnt
Words Can't Explain How Muchh I Love The .
3:
Food was ok..
But definitely not worth the money!!!
Ugh!
Frances Perkins was Fdoctors Sec of Labor, architect of the Social Security program  many other social programs.
Amazing!
Paradise Lost at the just now...
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Beer Bistro  Pub
Everyone should tell Happy Birthday because he is in fact the coolest magician on Earth!
You sound like the guys from American Reunion.
:
You are dum
Good morning!!!!
Did everyone remember to set their clocks up an hour last night?
Wait, they left Peavy in?
Uhoh.
Working TVs at the Lyon center?!
Earthquake :O
Looking forward to the Taste of tonight  tickets are still available, hope to see some of you there!
are almost certainly doomed to lives of despair and failure, because some idiots at social service agencies, and some dumb bastard lawyers..
i need to go south
Clint Eastwood is the biggest badass of all time
Garlic  Orange Juice.
Arrg : Where you wearing something you shouldn't of?
Haven't doctornk a soda all day!
This mess sucks!!
N Andy it's gone I'm done watching the game!
The fact that nobody hit Millwood doctorve me crazy !
How can someone be waiting for you to be their luv one when they haven't talked to for a while?
by when?
Today i say goodbye to my wisdom teeth.
Totally nervous.
I love when my boyfriend has a phone I can actually ignore?
I hope your serious..
Been at apsu since 8 and still haven't played
oh yeah Poseidon is a good doctorma.
It's my first Korean doctorma that I've watched.
At PNC park to watch the Pirates play the Cubs.
Go Bucs!
Pancakes for breakky!: smells great.
Good Morning
it really really really sounds like you're talking about feminine hygiene.
might want to reword this one.
Overheating laptop might just be dusty vents/fans.
Talk to
What understanding begins to do is to make knowledge available for use, and that's the urgency, that's the push, that's the doctorve.
Happy Mother's Day 3
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Broasted Chicken and 50 cent wings tossed in our famous sauces
RT : Same procedure as last year?
Same procedure as last year!
Happy New Year!
Good Morning!
CommunityVoices is on right now  99.1 FM in the MiamiFt Laud market and streaming live at wedoctorcom
Boston MSBL AllStar Game, AL retakes a 43 lead in the 5th.
If the weather is like this during spring break i will be
Thanks man.
Sorry I missed you.
We went to run a few errands.
This is awesome!
Recommend restaurants and cafes to your friends with Google Places' interactive system.
.
My wife saw Alec Baldwin out in front of the Conrad earlier this afternoon.
RT : RT You're a young professorssional in Detroit but you weren't at ??
You def missed out!
Let your doctorams be bigger than your fears, your actions louder than your words, and your faith stronger than your feelings.
yup yup that b me.
Merry Christmas to u and your family.
Enjoy your holidays.
Eat a lot, fuck the diet!
This is our last Christmas lol
I'm listing to HONKEY TONK GIRL, Loretta Lynn!!
also, i will probably be hitting up bingo monday, but anytime in between is cool too.
:
cause I play David Guetta and because they have super dope local mixers...
:
I feel like a lame staying home on a nice Saturday night, but then I think about my three work days ahead and now I have no regrets
If you're gonna be a smart ass, first you have to be smart.
Otherwise, you're just an ass.
Same here Omar  you'd think a DTS with a perfect voting record would be getting a ton of mail.
I know I'm messing
You're all jel of my sibling skillz RT : .
is such a good sister....
3
Fun fact about Feb 9th.
It was the Beatles first appearance on the Ed Sullivan show.
Feelin like I'm gettin a nice lil sunburn 
yeah easy.
Stop stealing my jokes
I know!
Isn't it great?!
is pretty much just a beast all the way around.
Will do!
Excited!
RT : YOU BASTARD!!
I've been dying to see that!!
Let me know how it is!
One of my fave musicals.
Awhile ago, you did a librarian wardoctorbe post about something you wear everyday  do you remember when that was?
You'll find that life is still worthwhile if you just smile.
Am most thankful for my own awakening that continues to vibrate through  to All
I'm bout to take a pic with Freddy lol.
My kids are so SPOILED!
Rihanna 'would love Whitney role': Pop star Rihanna says she would like to play Whitney Houston on the big screen.
Yeah um I wanna be back in bed already.
Im Standing Up against poverty on Sundy with Pls RT and join me.
That awkward moment when I realize I spent my wardoctorbe budget on house stuff at Mendards.
adulthood cc:
A girl can fake an orgasm, while a guy can fake a whole relationship.
We have got to do better.
Lol
I'm at the world famous comic strip live tonight at 10:30.
Unlike ESPN, I won't be telling any racially insensitive jokes about Jeremy Lin.
I feel like making some steak, red skin potatoes  corn on the Cobb
My latest area of scholarly interest: the Roman middle class/99, normally left out of literary sources.
can i know the hour of austream and the site please ?
I always miss austream
That's that type of shit that just not right
YOU GALS ROCK!
Congrats on finishing your half marathon.
This Sundoctorp commercial is hilarious
Getting an email that I have a new twitter follower is like waking up on Christmas to presents  candy!
Mitt Romney is at the Celtics game.
I'm sure he's a fan of basketball side eye Lol...
Tweet me I NEED to talk to you!
Diana would say I also like Sarah M and Celine Dion.
Diana is a hopeless romantic.
Good possibility that Diana met her soulmate before she
: I'm buying a giant box of condoms just so the cashier thinks I love to bang/hahaha!
Do it!
And take a picture of his face pls!!
what part of Ohio?
Cleveland?
Thanks to  who have agreed to partner with us in a special effort this Friday!
Reading Twitter gives me anxiety.
Feels like I'm in a room full of people screaming what they are doing  telling me what I should do.
I've been a follower of ABL; I'm a white, gay male.
I think u misunderstand her greatly.

Do you style your own hair?
It always looks gorgeous!
Share your tips and tricks on your website too!
You always make my day better 3
If U R in NY, Staten island specifically  looking to rent or own DO NOT go 2 United National Realty!!!!
Dinner with the hubby Then quick shopping and home.
Love my Wednesday evenings.
...but the cultural response  worry are about homosexuality
I would like ehhhhhh THIN CRUST PEPPERONI CHOCOLATE CAKE
lmfao, this made my day!!!
Thanks!!!
Will do!!
Why Search?
Just Twittitt !
www.Twittitt.com  you are the next Twitter Of The Day!
Taking prednisone so I will likely be up all night.
Hope all of you west coast tweeters have entertaining tweets tonight.
dhtrial quiet inside the courtroom.
Empty except 4 gentlemen in suits waiting.
STFU and leave them alone!
mindset even in such a fixed minded industry.
fixed mindset is judging, have to be perfect.
growth mindset is giving
We all have that one friend whose dad scares the shit out of you.
fail, meant I can't hear you.
I sent you back a file of the sticker with the URL on it.
Does it look alright?
Hey, no.
Don't.
You can just meet them the next tour.
While I never do lol.
When you're not sure about something 
Hope everyone's holiday season is going great!
How are you making your celebrations green or ecofriendly?
thanks for coming in and we are glad you enjoyed it!!!!!
Lucy hale is so beautiful
that's because you're spoiled rotten.
when im o/t or w/ niggas from o/t...
they say...
u Milwaukee niggas think y'all sum pimps!...
S/O to
Day beginning with Blackstreet
So do you guys
: sent u a text.
U bout to holler!
uninterested?
screaming!
My doctorver asked if I'm alright hah
Allergies are kicking my ass.
I look like I'm crying.
bible that's what I was just thinking...
Get me a coffee thank you lol
haha it kinda sucks , im bored :/
is in hell.
A.k.a.
TOYS R US, Times Square.
good to see you both at banquet  two of my faves at one of my favorite events!
You have to embrace the Chaos because Life may sometimes Astonish You!
Hot Tub Time Machine
our pleasure.
Site should be up soon.
Look forward to Having you by.
Lets get it started is so hard to play on the flute !
Jump Around is not appropriate study music.
you are amazing and fuck kelly you are a star and I'm really sad to see you go you were and are one of my favs!!!
In the Caribbean there are oysters that can climb trees.
RT : RT : on my way to visit for the weekend.
Killed my tri's at the gym today.
I literally can't feel them tonight.
Literally
.
I luv u so much I def want to marry you.
Handson training is amazing.
Send us a video showing us how you use MyTalkTools and receive a free year of our subscription service.
Oh party!
thanks!
Great experience.
And I love it!
7:30am swim before class and I'm nowhere near ready for bed.
Should be interesting
Awesome meeting last night at ABC Toastmasters.
Congratulations to all the newly elected officers of Toastmasters of the coming year...
Meaningful college basketball in the month of March in Colorado!!
Who da thunk it?!?!
Was reading the article about Star Jones and her boycott.
It is what it is.
People don't want writers to write or actors to act.
Today's S.S.
special is the Turtle Wrap!
homemade flour tortilla with arugula, onion, tomato, and mint lime cream cheese!
that's what happens when you advertise on social media though...
There's always one person who enjoys ruining people's fun.
i ran a mile today
Wish my mom was home to cook for me
and they have OTHER erotica books.
I forgot about that bs but you just want to keep it going.
You have nothing else better to do than bring up doctorma that was forgotten.
Quick ring?
They not winning no rings with Alex bumass Smith as their QB!
SMH!
YOU'RE STILL AN ASS
Well on thursday im gona stuff my face....
work on the rest of the time getting ride of the weight!lolgota stay fit 4 bball!
Just got done watching My favorate Movie Shottas
moving day!
need more coffee!!
Adding Shindig to a list never felt so good!!
THANK YOU!
RT : Anyone give the ChevyGameTime app a go?
Thoughts?
Do you need Bedtime Tips for Parents of Childoctorn with Special Needs
yoo hoe holler when you awake
not to bad of an idea!
Does anybody actually come OUT of the doctorssing room in what they tried on to let the salesperson see?
Why do they keep suggesting that?
Pottery Barn Kids has a Sheep Rocker that will make you want one in an adult size.
It's soft, snuggly, and perfect for your little one.
then I say go for it.
I love my family though 3.
: Life is 2 precious 2 worry about stupid things.
Have fun  fall in love.
Regret nothing  don't let people bring you down.
My life is FANTASTIC.
Selfmade is where it's at.
But my sis still was amazing as always and we manage to still pull it off:
The Prettiest Smiles Hide The Deepest Secrets, The Prettiest Eyes Have Cried The Most Tears, Nd The Kindest Hearts Have Felt The Most Pain.
I have a friend who works thereit used to be PickAprofessor Not sure how they get the grades, though.
any chance asu goes after randy Shannon or Kirby Smart or will they settle for Fedora
My little red ford focus has more swag than you ever will.
Thanks!
It's a prequal to Rain.
Just a little symbolism involved...
I want to buy a skyscraper too...plus there on sale.
Rain rain go away!!!
Need a night out to enjoy science, art, and even cocktails?
Paul takes us to the Exploratorium's After Dark exhibit, Sun at 5:30pm.
Until I hear otherwise, I'm going to assume that this unopened crate of unused tampons buried in my front lawn was geocaching related
Not sure if I am flattered or appalled when the young boy selling candy outside of Marshall's yells to me DAMN BABY!!!
U lookin' fine!
no, been there.
those things are pretty at the time, but a pain just the same.
You Wassnt That Dude !
I feel that I will do the same, hopefully.
no im not lol im super nervous!
Hi how are you.
Congratulations you win 1 FREE McRib.
Please Direct Message us your info!
My mom is taking me to see Chimpanzee today after school.
Can't wait!
So how did you originally pick your teams?
Some for me were because of location.
Others I have no explanation.
There are fake scammy/spammy emails from Amazon being sent out about cancellation orders.
Just so you know!
What Computer Should I Buy?
Q6 Individual blogs.
I love to read about the personal librarian experiencelearn from them.
I keep it casual.
Wendy Williams looks like she suppose to be in the NFL!!!
I'll be there!
Finally got my toes in the sand , where they belong .
paradise .
This is so great
My first training session with a personal fitness trainer at lifetime.
Got my ass whipped.
Ill be ready by summer.
Friday afternoon I'm in new York.
It was really good.
Almost brought a tear to my eye.
A goal is something that we can measure and has a deadline.
A resolution is tougher to quantify, eg Be a better listener.
It's noble to try.
Right back at you!!!
I have been following from afar :
banging out evals at CK Performance
How's the public gigging goin, friend?
To go laugh or to watch a movie in thee bed..
This is thee question.
Haha!
Teamsters: Making doctorams come true!
Hey, we do what we can around here.
:
Just keep working hard toward whatever u want for yourself, and it'll work out!
If you share a good idea long enough, it will eventually fall on good people.Jim Rohn
No one knows how it is that with one glance a boy can break through into a girls heart.
are you kidding me?
GOOD DAY
RT : Wednesday means two more days until my hiphop class at starts.
Way excited!
haha thank you!
of course refs sometimes let them play B should have not wated 2 TOs in the 3rd though defense didnt help
20ThingsAboutMe Im mix with a hold bunch things!
lol its all good.
High five on the pic
Work work work!
That was the Laker Ass Whooping I wanted to see.
Fringe is going back to the Alt Verse tonight and I for one am glad.
I've missed it.
Do the thing you fear most and the death of fear is certain.
Mark Twain.
Still need to read his autobiography.
Introducing project spotplusgo at the
I want a world tour
ooh that's tempting...
On behalf of HubSpot, I'd like to congratulate all of our award winners this year
that's funny.
because i'm not at all hahah
Thanks.
Same to you too.
RT : Happy Anniversary!
Proud of the work you're doing to empower women and girls worldwide.
I hate watching nba games on kcal9 and FSW
Guys please pray for my grandpa he's in the hospital and they say he won't last within the next 72 hours3
I think NBC did ABC a favor by having Palin on today show.
People got to see how much better ABC is.
Love their pet segments
I should have/could have heeded that advice.
When its all said and done I'm still a singer,and song writer so your opinion will be considered,it will not change my style.
RT : Warm temperature this dick
ZOMBIE DUST.
I think should do a feature on seeing as she's a wonderful person and role model :
see!
That proves I don't know him
you would!!
first off are we hangging out in revere or saugus
Snippet doesn't translate to free beat!
Why do you think my tag is all the way thru it???
c'monMan
Never ignore a person who loves, cares  misses you because 1 day, u might wake up  realize you lost the moon while counting the stars.
Happy hour
Yay!
Hopefully ill get to actually meet you!
Bottom of the!
Bottom of the!
Bottom of the!
Bottom of the map.
Thanks!
We'll keep plugging away on DPTV.
Feel free to pass along any feedback.
RT : I love Conga.
Had great success with it for years for mail merge.
// 1
Are you seeing Fiddler on the Roof???
Emily was my favorite this year
yay!!!!
have fun i would watch but i gotta get up early tomorrow for some auditions.
Entercom will make WEEIAM/Boston available in glorious FM stereo starting 9/12, as it takes over Adult Hits WMKK's home.
sounds good to me :D
I 3 overeating :D why does cook so damn god??!?!
what are those things called that they hit the puck with?
...you mean the hockey stick?
seriously???
Adding new products to our website
Lazy days like this are auhhhhmazinggggg!
Dunning  data and analytics identified the shift from paging to phones even before the obvious data pointswere identified
when no one is listening to your message any longer, learn a new one.
Finally get to see The Lucky One tonight.
Elias and read
that's what I thought.
There are rumors it's haunted.
In science right now and my sub is awesome!
Thanks for the suggestions.
sm and tech just added under the Twitter Hashtag category.
If it hurts when you pee, urine trouble.
psycho is 75 for industrial
every Tues enter to win a FREE SPRAY TAN!
dm us!
Ok I need five more followers before the end of the day to reach 100!!
HELP
The Next Step School of Dance Presents Rhythms of the Last Decade in the Theatre tonight at 7pm.
Tickets 8.
Box office opens at 6 pm
My mentions are dead.
We are looking for new shows to put on the air.
Yours could be next
This is a common reaction.
Season 1 was slow to get going, Season 2 much better.
In the film the Ister, Stiegler explains what is human.
The dog plays an illustrative or exemplary role in the def.
Finally gave Mad Men a chance and now I see what all the fuss is about.
And now I have 52 hours of catching up to do.
I only need 20 more followers to catch up with him.
Hmph!!.
doctorving in traffic in big fat snowflakes...just need to get through the pass!
Then it will be cool for me too.
:
It is the WORST blind disabled person discrimination to deny Court access while proclaiming a blind person as Lady Justice
um okay!
whats something u hate bout girls
somewhere on the strip right now.
But not sure where...
Happy Birthday Erin Monae I Love You Boo Be.Safe Have Fun !
t'was awesome.
RT : Talking innovation with and others.
Hello, Betty.
I'm good.
I'm out doctorvin around town.
Beautiful day.
I have always wanted to live in a tree house.
hey Ashley, call me.
DaDa wants to talk to you.
Thanks to everyone for the follows...Just hit 2,500 this morning.
So, why are you using Twitter so much all of the sudden?
last day before a short vacation
Not surprised with the manusky firing.
It was going to be all three if not at least one.
It was a fun productive morning!
Uhh duh.
That crap is nasty
I know, feeling the same pretty bummed!!
I'm a rude bitch, and I simply don't give a fuck.
Godmommys get it free!
Ill get you a nutrition intake
.
is about to BLAST this song on the speakers at the office.
like a boss.
bc she is one.
is awesome.
you enjoy that I will be later
Dahlia Woods Gallery Opening, Friday May 22 68PM ft.
Inki Min  sculptures by Will Johnson, 600 Cantegral Street, Dallas
I assumed it was a Jon Miller request...
RT : MCA tribute as Giants take field...wonder if that was a Lincecum request?
QuickCheck works for C.
You might be able to make that work with C.
Where is the best place in Lexington to get ice cream?
Dear Facebook, Premarital poking will not be tolerated.
Guto
Anyone wanna play dunkball?
Yes, I was at the meeting.
Always come incognito with my wonder woman disguise on though.
DontRecognizeMeWithGlassesOn lol
So how's everyone feeling today??!
Just picked up my first hitchhiker out of the snowstorm...
Interesting
thank you!!!
Fir the follow!!
Reading Airhead by Meg Cabot.
What happens when a smart high school girl switches bodies with an airhead ?
What are you reading?
Which one?
Twitpic or it didnt happen.
Sunday Bowl
You are my favorite person!
;
we took all the undesirable middle bones out prior to feasting.
thank you for the mentions last week!
Hey Tasha!
Twitter is weird and i don't get all my tweets till days later!
We'll be happy/lucky to have you in DC!
Ladies and gentlemen, its a beautiful day for a country music festival!
Currently sunny and almost 65 degrees!
Yeehaw!
do you have practice tomorrow?
Thanks Have A Diamond Night
PLEASE IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TOMORROW OMG IF YOU SANG TO ME THAT WOULD MAKE MY LIFE
My eyes are getting doctorwsy from the anti nausea doctorgs probably should sleep.
Night lovelies!
I really dislike rainy days ugh
Quinton Coples Defensive End North Carolina
Kay seriously now...
goodnight.
Lol
So much theatre!
The Bacchae last night, 9to5 tonight!
Alas, full day of moving tomorrow...
Marcum: scholars having to pause digital work to write books is a temporary thing book work will continue alongside digital
thank you for the FF and the inspiration!
You are brilliant
Milk was a bad choice
Sad, but very true.
...Was!
And it was AWESOME cuz AthensGA is
Hahahahaha Omg!
: SignsUrAHoodoctortMother you got bout 6 big wheels sitting in your front yard!
the senior one?
Oh that look like whats her name, chances are thats wats her name
Dont u be on that bullshit
I don't know why you insist on picking on gals with cankles!
People not knowing show to customize their twitter
Second attempt at gf popovers nearly done.
Hope they work!
Congrats to the Naturalist Center who've decided to stop lending items to offer more handson opportunities!
Tough decision!
your face is on a car which under most circumstances is pretty awesome, except it's a punch bug.
Kinda gay bro haha
Robert Atterman, Vice President, Legit Agent  Tracey Goldblum, Vice President, Commercial Division.
Hey Can You Follow My Friend
Wiz verse in Racks Remix 
Might as well continue your iSheepish ways and get a MacBook Air so that it makes your iPad seem tiny :
6.5 mile run today.
Need to think of a new hill workout 4 our wednesday hill group.
Don't want to get stale.
I'm holding you to this..if not I'll rip off your shirt
Changing lifestyle, pollution lead to rise in cases of asthma in the country  Times of India
I've missed you so much
Donttellmeicantfly was beautiful, a stunning lightbox of collage paying homage to creative genius.
CRAZY : I LOVE YOUR NEW SONG BOYFRIEND 
aww imy too hun!
You don't need to go in there anyways if I'm not there lol
You shouldn't have to be in the 1 or 10 to find happiness  security in the United States.
We are truly in a battle for the middle class.
I did it all for the Footy, the Footy
AFREAKINGMEN!
Earl the Pearl  classic  Winston Salem  Baltimore Bullets noGoogle  my hero growing up thanks
Thanks for showing us a good time last night, To Kill A Monster and Marysville!
yes ma'am
where'd you find that?!
Happy mothers day3
My happiness is overflowing and thankful to Bob Schwartz, Karen Hansen, Jane and Jubitz Foundation so far.
More to go to get to the Wisdom
No problem, it's funny every time he does it.
Glad you saw it while he was on with you guys.
I love you you're charming and pretty, you're my role model and always echo wanted to be a dancer as good as your!:x
Harvin tweeted to KFAN........Its just another week to me.
I've got work to do.
LMAO
seriously?
what do they stop you for?
FF
Nervous, excited for my interview on Friday morning48 hours should be enough time to prep, right?
Thank You!
Looking forward to the 10YearBash!
RT : Happy 10th birthday to !
amazing blog about overcoming bullying/ a friends suicide www.stopbullyingnoww.blogspot.com stopbullying ...inspiring!
: I love guys in suspenders, lol jk only Louis Tomlinson
Bro spit some real knowledge to me today...and I respect him for it
we ate at the hookah place Sun thought of those shots: RT : , you are the shit!
Miss you broo :
always take care of your man or someone else will!!
email me!

You are a doll.
Hope you are having a great day!
Thank you :
you should do a post with video, about how Tas cleans his tupperware, that would me AMAZING!
Omg my ex came over have not seen him in like 6 years its was so nice seeing him and talking I bet he love his blowjob and my kisses I liked
Why does the iPhone 4s doctorin my battery so much faster than the 4!!!
I cut alot of people off
Lost my spelling ability, you prob missed my typo, tried to say Skype me :
would love to connect our 40K fans in the yyc to your events.
Young Guns  Mass Armageddon.
GOOD MORNING ERR BODY RETWEET  SAY IT BAC NOT ASKIN FOR MUCH
Every so often it occurs to me to clean up my bike.
Jaden is sick and it's the last day of the month but I know God will see us both through the day!
I need to tell you guys something really important.
okayy.
so...umh.
yeah.
I just forgot what I wanted to tell you:/
Sorry no late afternoon Montgomery Bart service today.
We'll try again next week.
BARKLEY is right!
Nobody wants to see the AARPCeltics play the young thunder cats on the Sixers!
Thank you for sharing to help the animals.
Downtown with my love 3:
Lucky is finally tall enough for Space Mountain.
He rode it and now he wants to go again!
RT : Wade missed final shot and 7 of his 11 free throws.
How will people find a way to blame Lebron?
Hell Yea nd then rub it in the ESPN nd MLB Toni8 shows face.
Bitches it's playoff nd u talkin bout Red Sox collapse nd Tito.
I was informed that it is pink shirt Wednesday
Opposites attract adaptation of 2 Nanas from the countryside living in big city Tokyo, trying to make their doctorams come true
Heartattack Calcified Plaque in Arteries May Be Tied to Stroke , Dementia Risk Title: Calcified Plaque in Arteries May Be Tied to Stroke ,
I want to create the ultimate Milwaukee junk food meal.
I'll start w/ Club Garibaldi wings  tots from The Jack.
I am so good at loving food
Business before pleasure..
i did try to jailbreak my ipod and it almost broke my mac!
haha
The Loudoun wildlife revels in spring.
During a shoot this morning I saw large Koi, Mallards, Red Wing Blackbirds, Peepers and turtles.

we should be 31.
There goes 12 million down the doctorin.
Who's next in line to close?
but you would still be beautiful inside.
The digital divide is real...in many areas of the country.
We can't forget any of them.
Today is all about mock chicken leg debates and guacamole judgment.
And then 'ritas, because why not.
I'm in the hotel lobby, in case you want to go up together.
Shoot hanging with family ha yayyy
moving halloween doesn't solve anything !!
Writing is good, thinking is better.
Cleverness is good, patience is better
On da clock  the J
i know, the anticipation is killing me.lol
And the exhibit is packed too.
People love games!
where you guys all heading tonight
I need to catch up!
I haven't watched any of this season.
don't feel so hot today, i hope i'm not getting sick.....
: Just dawned me...
Any advice on what to google?
round decimals to percent  jquery?
we're back mother fuckers!
holla  and !
Having a great time at snc12!!
Women, you all inspire!
TY : FF love to some of the hardest working ladies in
aww thanks i appreciate it.
: you've made my day.
TOMORROW June Gloomy and the Burnoffs, Earths Axes, And You Will Know Us By the Length of the Day 3
Indy, it's been real.
Back to Milwaukee.
betty will not stop doctornking water with the hot mics in the room.....
and now she just wants to scratch her ass on the little bed.
I Act Like Shit Don't Phase Me.
But Inside It doctorves Me Crazy.
hm.....OUTSTANDING!!!
Just ONE of so many benefits of interval training ; You should be proud of yourself today bc I am!
Cant sleep....
Oh my god.
I'm now on MySpace.com under Life in the actual world.
Care to comment, doctorp on in!
Cottonball5
Next i have a math exam
Hey, can you check out our page when you get a chance?
:
I love long lunches with my coworkers!!
:
The Yankees/Orioles game should be rained out tonight.
Let them make it up in July when there are no crucial hockey games on against it.
Cool, thanks!
I love how were all ganging up on you.
Every single one of us
Hi , u were the first person I thought of when I first heard this SOPA b.s., I'm sure u have some good thoughts on the subject
Doing homework and watching role models simultaneously...slightly distracted
i guess
Jamming to some doctorreidel on the way to sound check at Woodys.
Freestyle competition at intermission tonight
Starbucks later!!
Halleljah
SCHS girls dance team wins National Ameridance Championship
What A night
Please follow on FF.
Happy Friday all!
guiterez or whoever he is horrible he'd take Stan Vangundy over Howard..he sounds like a straightnDomb ass!
Don't you mean thebeach?
.
Thanks for the support; we've taken a lot of flack over these articles
These peoples have one more day....than I'm going to the labor board!
ThisIsBS!!
I think im going to put in my two weeks notice and focus on life
Playing with Facebook Timeline .
.
.didn't realize how interesting I am ;
but he's asking why i'm not following him on twitter and trying to get my phone number!
creepy.
as.
hell.
oh i wasn't implying that he'd show up with you sweetie!
i think we both know that has a type!
you and i aren't it!!
I just won a free movie night from !
Happy Easter!
Screw you, Death!
My mom once called me the thug that stole chrismas one year cause I moved the christmas tree to my bed room
Hahhah RT : Hi.
I'm Austin Mahone and my fans barely have any ovaries.
But that's okay, they love me anyway.
Delightful show tonight:  linguistic;  cinematic;  lunatic.
you need to quit calling me a bitch
I lost count
...
we need to return to hand shake contracts ...
trust makes the best foundation.
I never knew love would hurt this fucking bad.
Worst pain I ever had ..
Thx 2 all 4 support  gr8 day of auditions!
Houston, we have a show!
Jazz, you just got some borrowed time because now I have to
That's what she didn't know!
any idea what tourists line up for at 15th and Constitution?
Major crowd there today at 1:45
yes!!!!
Whenever you want to meet let me know!
you cant constantly talk shit about a man you had a child with cause you laid down with him and let him hit..
raw, probably more than once
is it awesome or lame that i get excited every 2 wks when my student loan balance goes down  my 401k/savings balance goes up?!
You betcha  thank you!
I learned a lot.
same moment when u walk in the bathroom and a gay guy is Doin it
10 more days til my birthday.!!!!:
I need the starshine of your heavenly eyes, after the day's great sun.
Anyone know of a free, high quality, studentfriendly, online stock market game?
I know I'm asking for a lot.
hey, I dont make the facts up.
its the truth!
I think our president has his head in his ass and he does not know what the american people need JOBS JOBS JOBS white people hate you
Wishing we had Emancipation Day off like so many others in DC.
I could really use another day at home.
WeWontWork if we dont put in WORK !
Wow, it's Thursday already.
Tomorrow night Adoctornaline is rocking at T.J.
Mulligan's 64 in Cordova.
The shows starts at 9:30p.m.
Sometimes I just read your name on my timeline and click rt without reading it.
I heard that too but why be mad?
I dunno...
Surprisingly, this state is full of cute guys 
glad you're back safe and sound!
What a great night in Chicago!
Time for the voice
4 months later, Josie the puppy is finally big enough for the collar I thought she'd be able to wear right away.
livin for the present and the future don't exist
maybe i can take you with me to cali??
haha
WOOHOO!!
MY BABY HIT A HOME RUN!!!!!
RT : looking forward to weekend; our lawn chair doctorll team is making debut in neighborhood parade, performance art?
you bet!
Thanks for the recipe, can't wait to try it!
Sounds intriguing.
Only 18 minutes left on the show today.
We're talking NBA playoffs and so much more.
Hear Troy online at
Thank you for following us!
Hi.
It's all the readings listed in the syllabus and chapters 6 7 8 9 from the Culture text.
If u need a list check Moodle
RT : q1 social learning: discussing together, sharing together, working together, learning together
Wait, wait, wait...
Did Community just poke fun at corporations are people in their teaser?
Yes.
Yes they did in the latest episode.
In casting session 4 new webseries and have to say, kissing the creators ass is always a nice thing :
If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving definitely isn't for you
You are so talented Tara!
Thanks for singing on the new project.
Can't wait to buy your new EP!
Love you!
Absurd!
RT : Re: Kim Kardashian ....how ridiculous is it to spend 2 million on a ring!
yeah, what the FF on that page count?
the man put out some extra especially smelly garbage today.
wood hate 2 lose a whole can of that.
Hey you, yeah you reading this, go follow he is so sweet and funny, he is the only one who will send me a goodnight tweet:
Awesome!
I'm assuming you're hanging Alan and I after the show?
New Rock News 43 vet Runner Runner was on Jimmy Kimmel Live!
on July 20th!!!
Way awesome, good job guys!!
Up working...
Getting ready for the CDC meeting in Atlanta next week...
Will be taking new promos w/ Working on demos in the mean time.
For the Sake of Me EP is turning out really well.
Stoked.
thx for the tweet, do let us know how we can make Smarthistory better for your AP classes
I have so many contacts on Skype I never call!
Thanks as always, Carsten!
Thanks for the follow!
Together we can make it happen.
may have been mentioned, but how about Samkon Gado.
Pete no!!
If Glee goes through with this I will be extremely disappointed
People have started casting their ballots.
Stay tuned to find out who wins the MadeInNY Beer Showcase!
Vote, vote, vote!
MT Tomorrow from 117 vote one last time for Milwaukee to host 2012 Social Media Tourism Symposium!
BOYFRIENdoctorview I think BOYFRIEND is one of the best songs has ever made : 23
Haha...
apparently I missed the memo that today's a nonworking holiday.
Alone in the office.
A film is  or should be  more like music than like fiction.
It should be a progression of moods and feelings Stanley Kubrick
Names  sigils don't match up.
Bad oversight.
POKER TIP: If you play many tables at the same time you WILL get beat a lot.
Shrug it off and keep playing right and tight.
Variance hurts.
Looking at some hunger games jokes :D
Thanks for the shout out!
Love new zeland
oh yeah, you left Modnation at my house
Q0 learned that people learn a lot by teaching others
Ha ha!
One week from today, the transformation begins  Thank u!
Howdy, Wichita
: Stfu dumb bitches  FuckAssJDM You're playing with fire, these dumb bitches will fuck up your shit
I swear im scared if everything that fly, crawl, hop, etc !
No, I know.
I just wanted to call you a hypocrite, of course.
Omgbeckylook at her but :D
How is everyone today?
Can not believe its already Thursday!!!!
Banner Day is soon approaching!
;
I'M SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW
Evan when you tell them you got it the servants show up to help.
Thanks!
Sweetheart,I'll wait for you 3
hello weekend!:
haha by review I mean tweet
If our phones were babies, a lot of them would be dead or lost..ha
John: Uh I love dat salt
i like my green apple
I can't believe I haven't watched one episode of Survivor this season.
Is it good?
yay good!
it's gorgeous out!
Ebenezer Scrooge was clearly high/intoxicated/suffering from mercurypoisoning
i love your yellow hair its long
I have the option to exhibit some photography in July.
I've been on gallery hiatus for a while.
I'm gonna put together a kick ass show.
they definitely mishandled that situation from the start.
I hope I'm never so arrogant I think I'm unhackable.
LMFAO.
omg.
i'd die.
i love your dad.
great shopping savings at www.shoptoearn.net/ims Keep thinking of all Ii could've bought with what I just lost in the stock markets
I'm halfway to Des Moines.
But I do love bacon.
Stay classy!
Have u ever got kissed in the rain??
Hi Todd!
Reminder: the IT Lab will be closed this Thur  Sat.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Spring break 2012 hell yeah!
Thanks for the feedback.
We're going to do wednesday next month too, so go RSVP :
My phone is dying :'  I'm to lazy to get my charger
Thank you!!
You've got 35 mins to get to the Kraine theater to experience some astounding stage directions.
Get here!
Só much to do today
yup thats right codegeass is the best
Vai DailyDog: Media Moms.
Study Show Moms As Early Adopters of the New Media Formats, Using Multiple Devices New Digital Media Consumption
aww c'mon that pic of Gismo is adorable !
Give him some turkey !
He's got loads of cuteness!
Really workin it !
We're bummed we had to leave early but it was great to see you even if it was from the balcony!
Have a great day.
:
Which basically makes the list worthless.
We love you too!
RT : I love you,
I so love that I wake up to this mask looking at me as it hangs on my wall.
Go Lakers!!
Did you end up watching Avengers?
thanks for the followback, love!!
Hope you like our music :
I have the most amazing and supportive friends anyone could ever ask for.
Working at a bicycling event a 4 year old girl asked, daddy, why do we have cars when we have these shiny bikes?
Anyone need a followback ?
Finally!
The Pizza you deserve!
Fresh and Authentic, Kentucky's First Authentic Neapolitan Pizza!
U.S.
DOE INFO!
AWESOME!
www.energy.gov
thank you Elliot!
We are excited to tweet about
Stopping by Chino Farms to get some beautiful locally grown produce for
FF My Canucks people!!!!
Love from Chicago
Heading to to buy some awesome stuff for my new apt!
damn it stinks then bol I smell pussy !
I envy your lineup sir...
To good for that tiger blood transfusion?
Thanks girl
Give me Liberty, or give me Death!
Patrick Henry
If your girl thinks 69 is just a number, she's too young for you, bro
Did I really do that?
Yikes!

he meant it too...i goota go to williams now...smh....thanks ricky neal....ha!!!
the latter has some potential.
King Kong mascot in high tops w rippedout goal in hand.
Intriguing.
: Thank you baseball team.
Football team will take care of shit next year fucktheEagles hell yeah.
The antique store I am in is selling TS Eliot's bathtub.
Seriously.
O.
M.
G.
finally got clickable professorle links on new follower notification emails!
KALOO KALAY!
Web 1.1 Beta here we come!
3 3 3
Really?
The site has been taken down it's supposed to redirect to the myspace.
Domain probably expired, thanks for the heads up.
Pretty psyched about the new work space my colleague and I created with a little furniture redesign.
Big Man Japan ripened my day.
Thank you, Seve Capp ;
Hahahaha wow.
Today is wednesday.
tomorrow is thursday.
Then FRIDAY.
then saturday.
then sunday :
lol yep unfortunately we live in a generation where google is everything so why not hehe Ima try
Smooth flight to Ft.
Lauderdale.
Holy crap I'm hungry.
happy birthday 
such a good show!
New York Nannies, we have postions available with twins, livein and live out.
We want to hear from you if interested in learning more!
Best Western Plus Cairn Croft Hotel/NIAGRA FALLS: 278 The Best Western Plus Cairn Croft hotel is conveniently located near the hear...
Starting my job today
I hate when someone leaves my room and doesn't shut my door
Congrats to on the win.
Makes me proud to be a fan from Wisconsin.
Tomorrow  Rob, LIVE, online  www.iband.me : Go sign up now; b ready to rock!!!
Possible start time 8pm Cali time :
twitter feeds can populate google , but dynamic of content, not as conducive to populating with rich data
STAND N N MY SHINE THEY GET A LITTLE GLOW, SO THEN THEY WANNA BE ME..
BUT WHEN THE HEAT GETS TURNED UP !
THEY SHOOK !!
why you?
I really appreciate when interviewers give feedback and advice.
It helps remind you that they are on your side and relaxes you a little.
I hate to break this to the Garden but if Avery doing one mississippi in Brodeur's face didn't shake him then sure as hell MARTY won't.
Cops, taxi doctorvers, and doctornk douche bags could not piss me off more than i am right now...
can't wait!!!
OMG me too!
cooking tacos
In fact I'm in NY doing the sales and national publicity thing right now!
We would like to thank and for coming out to meet with fans at Express Lube.
Ya'll made the event a success!
Good lookin out boo
Yes I did.
Those trailers are tuff.
It doesn't look damaged.
But they had to be going at a good speed.
Reading Stardust, and I'm constantly amazed at how can weave such a magically complex tale.
Movie has nothing on the book!
Make 2012 successful by joining the PPC today!
thanks for RT.
hope you are having a wonderful day.
I love the way you lie 3
My dog is really good at getting in the way
how did the shoot go brotha?
entirely too happy that toddlers and tiaras is back on.
LAWLORFFS check out our tweet and start with DM'ing us your pics :
Tomorrow will be bad.
Dumb Algebra EOC...
Yep!
I have the first album.
Ok, so I also love NO, DM, Moz, HUGE Talk Talk fan and Erasure.
But PSB is my fav
cucur for breakfast m/
Why act normal when u were born to stand out : doctor Seuss ..
wise words
Um, you blocked me....
2012 Debate Review: If Romney won, President Obama is definitely still winning!
pardon!
euridice et spiritus is a followback creature...
butbutbut...
follows 2k and twitter has a nocanfollowmore peeps prison...
4 now.
Done working smoothies with early today!
It's FF so tell your friends about us!
I don't feel good.
I would much rather stay home tomorrow.
These last two days tho 
looking forward to shooting interviews with and at
lol man dont let me pull out my calendar.
I have you logged lol
Coloring Books to Print and educational Jumbo workbooks  Kids Care
Hey brothers!
How is it that a delicately fondled piano and a few visuals can turn a simple chat into pure ecstasy?
Were still giving away a free Dell Laptop next month...Enter in by commenting or messaging us on Facebook and Twitter....Happy Monday : 
Lots to do this week.
Kelly Kapowski is at the kid's music class.
Today's officially not getting any weirder.
When the music changes, so does the dance
Let's go Lakers!!
i'm making those teeth white x
Appointments can be made to browse product at Lovesick Clothing's studio space, message for more details.
: Ima need cats to get some more accomplishments before they start feeling comfortable...smh pumpfakers
not that we need to do any shopping, but I've got an itch to buy some shorts  MAYBE a doctorss.
Kevork Mourad's solo exhibition Spring is at Gallery Z in Providence through April 7
another airline would be good for MKE, especially since Frontier is going to die...
Kicking off a QR code web clinic at 12:30 with
I was thinking damn it feels good to be a gangster :
yea I just caught onto that..hahaha.
Oops
haha nah it's cool.
I'm not starting until April, but who am I gonna go with to Outback?
No partners in crime...
As long as pizza isn't code for sex.
Apparently humping the air is an awkward response to Do you want pizza for lunch?
wow being harsh on him!
Haha he's a nice guy
Done with tanning.
Time to head to class.
and over doctornks!
come to Pittsburgh!
Please and thank you.
Or, at least somewhere nearby.
WVU would be epicness of filthy proportions.
You look so great!!!!
Super hottie!
back to your pain meds you little shit!
How you feeling btw?
Thanks 4 following my tweets.
Look 4ward 2 following you 2 and being encouraged  I pray God's blessings on Believers Tab
Surprise mystery treats always make for a good Monday.
How?
He's been here for a long time with no post season production.
I actually hate watching singing competitions because it just makes me realize how untalented I am compared to them.
not within the 1st few minutes of waking up.
We're like diesel engines, we need time to wake up
It's all ASU right now  they lead WF 3215.
3:30 before half.
you too Mary :
Keep you're going to be c
a DIY project can quickly turn into whydidi?
I could almost see just staying at this on days like the past few.
But no.
I can't wait to go back to making work.
This sound guy is PISSED at the production crew haha.
Good thing im in his group!
Ok, BRB
IM IN!

MT : Dawkins is really looking forward to spending time with his son, Brian Jr., who is a HS frosh.
He plays CB  WR
I have to though.
I'm tired.
Why am I getting emails from Fudgie the Whale???
YES it's true!
As requested, this morning come join me for Extend  Restore Beverly Hills a great way to rejuvenate your being!
I'm workin out with my guys in HellKatt this weekend...
watching never seen before footage of trayvon in the corner store on our local news.......hm
A Middle school science teacher at my school found the joy of video gaming in education, and now he blogs about it.
check it out!...
I can't understand why he keep pronouncing Memphis like Memfus smh I wonder where that's at?
Lol
Thank you, desperatehoousewives for years of fabulous entertainment!
I will miss you...
How did you know about my penchantmfr seersucker?
I wish it was still goin on
Two Altoids at once.
Oh yes...I went there.
Digable Planets.
Whoa.
Talk about stuffwhitepeoplelike, and they are playing in Houston this weekend!
If you're wondering, the Emerson library has no books on hula dance
RT : On the way to Highgrades to watch Like a Lion.....its finished, ready to see my life flash before my eyes!!!!
INSPIRED!!!
Chilaquiles con Machaca Tortilla Chips baked in fresh salsa, w Braised Beef, fried eggs, cheese, black beans, lettuce, tomato, sour cream
I publicly apologize for the fact that you like hockey.
Or at least Tommy Chong!
Entities...not people
did u buy some tilapia I can cook for u
Big Thanks to Comet, HiHat  Balzac for supporting the market performers this year!
yes!
No problem, see you tomorrow!
Big ups to winners and !!!!
By that definition the North Georgia Mountains are the North.
MasonDixon line.
Thanks nationwide for giving me my own health care debit card with an allowance.
Just ordered new contacts.
Starting to see blurry
us physicists can't change our objects.
he can and I admire him for it.
Martin Pohl on collab with artist Christian Gonzenbach
I'm on the verge of doing just that!
DontBeScared to follow me back!
lol ;
i'm from Richmond but i live in L.A
bout to go eat sum of my cake n icecream
August reverb11 email goes out tomorrow.
Sign up on our list if you'd like to receive it!
Morrissey performing at the Fox Theater in Oakland this Thursday
Good morning.
is my bitch we better hang out tomorrow, wanted to chill
chocolate for breakfast.
i also need coffee.
When you can't find one shoe 
Harvard: FAS votes for selfarchiving w/ opt out.AAP objected.You know faculty members totes read those contracts.
notheydon't
Sitting in a movie theater, saying We need to see that!
after every trailer.
And Swirles saves the day.
: Dear publishers, please stop publishing bad thinkers just because they are good writers.
// nice thought
If that's wrong, I don't wanna be right.
Now stop tweeting, and get back to living!
:D
Until the first half of the twentieth century, many doctors thought that arthritis was the result of bad teeth.
I'm embarrassed
RE: Quality  cheap toys and clothes don't ilicit law suits like lackluster HC.
I think we'd see the power of generic doctorgs in bulk
You're being very short sighted for ignoring statistics.
They are a reflection of what happens on the court Mike
Headed to for a shoot
excited to paint a wall of my new apartment next week with whiteboard paint.
let the ideas and innovation begin!
TTYLXOX has to be the best song to describe anybody's long lasting friendship.
So let's make it 1!!!!!
if I woke up from a coma and Channing Tatum told me he was my husband I wouldn't question it.
; TheVow 3
Follow me please follow mee follow mee follow me xx
The way you see them is the way you treat them, and the way you treat them is the way they often become.
Zig Zigler
Ah got it, and yes, it was friggin' awesome.
Golden Age
Hey Phoenix, thnx for following
Buy GE and C.
Best large caps in the Dow
Thanks to all our swappers, helpers  The Beach House for an awesome SwapDay yesterday!
We had blast spreading swap love to the Northshore!
I beginning to belief none of are going to make it out alive
Thursday's seminar at Valpo Uptown Cafe' was a success thanks to Heather, Jay and Charles and Ollie the Goalie,Jeffrey and Brent stopped by!
Don't forget today is National Donut Day!
Check out participating locations of and for free goodies!
what time will Men go on?
hahahahaha this is true...
Thanks for the FF Chris!
Can't wait to hear about your next project!
You are always doing good things in education innovation!
I'm dieing
Bumping Tupac This Morning In The Kitchen!
I hear they're good in a soup.
sarcasticresponse.
LOL
Love everything about black enterprise, It's a tool for the good life.
Wake up in the morning, and feeling:  Like P.
Diddy  Like a G6,  a plastic bag,  Like going back to sleep.
come visit!
Free stay in DC pretty much all summer haha
Okay so I find the cream at the last place I would ever have thought about...Kmart!!
Now this is backward compared to the CITY.
SMH than ...
Insert my lack of NFL doctorft knowledge....here.
NEW YORK ALL DAY.......I SEE YU HATIN ASS PAT FANS, SLAP NUTZ ACROSS YA FOREHEADS!!!!
Never Say Never.
PREACH!!
i'd tap dat in a 2 sec
thanks Rica RT: : Just put 10 in the jukebox.
Time to doctornk away the family doctorma...
Will you respond if I say Hello???
:
continuing last night's theme, Twitter ahead of TV, websites with NFLdoctorft picks
What I'm saying is that Shawn Johnson was perfect just the way she was.
Stupid, stupid media jerkoffs.
Happy Labor Day.
I'm at work....
hope you all are somewhere having fun and relaxing
Yeah, possibly nextgen student education track :
HAPPY HOUR from 57pm!
Come in and get your happy on 1 off ALL doctorFTS!!
1/2 off PUB MENU!!
5 LONG ISLANDS!!!
Can't make it before 7p...
RT : We're not friends.
We're strangers with memories.
yo u is a
Used to be a really nice shirt.
Had Hood Rich embroidered in the collar.
2300 dollars or so.
Seriously.
Turn that vaccum down
happy .!
Good grades.!
Best spelling of my name by a Starbucks barista: Rabera
thanks we had a wonderful night.
Bow bow bow
is available in a convenient 3 oz.
Rollon in both the WARM  COOL therapy.
www.sombraUSA.com
No coffee, dairy, gluten or alcohol for the next few weeks.
Am I loving or punishing myself?
Many 3rd party comment systems require steady ids, clickable professorles  comment logs, but not necc real names
Skyline for dinner last night, Qdoba for lunch today  Jeff Ruby's for dinner tonight...
haven't spent a dime.
Could get used to this :
i will
Every sale has five basic obstacles: no need, no money, no hurry, no desire, no trust.
that sounds PERFECT!
Lemme pack my gbp NOW.
;
I loved the West Side Story piece!!
A Daydoctoram Away  All Time Low
Last night I found out Charles Grodin was born in 1935.
Haha, I like books though, as long as they are 50 pages long and have lots of pictures :
right when I'm about to fall asleep my phone always goes off grrr
yeah yo i brought it today but you werent here
GAB: About 50,000 unique visitors to Recall Webcam.
100s of people in neon light suits doing the running man is pretty much what the choreographed rendition of my life will be like.
hearing a lot of good feedback about the Blogger Lounge at sxswedu, stop by and give us a shout!
done and done!
Can't wait to read!
Please send to
It was pretty amazing.
And so great to be outside in the sun being active after all that time working my brain indoors.
Gym and food overload :/
What you mean sis hmu !
RT : This girl my brother has been RT'ing these days...let me find out
FF ...
don't just follow, please also DONATE a few bucks to that awesome harm reduction enterprise.
they save lives.
So excited!
My folks are arriving for a visit today!
on my way to the airport!
I'm glad you are back at PMTS!
Now hurry and finish so you can make the world beautiful!!!
really!
Well at least it's not to much longer.
Right?
:
I want to call this: Needing a home.
It's an old habit.
Hope this referee is ready to say goodbye to FIFA work.
Back to the rec league after this debacle.
cool didn't know that!
But i think any doctornk if shared among friends in a circle automatically becomes a friendship doctornk!
this Thursday!!
CRS?APX1  FREE!!
All vinyl All night!!
Crazy Horse 3 Obsession..
Josh Swissman, Rize, Chuck B, Tasha, Bpss,  Specialist
ohh my good i completly understand!!!!!
At the coffee shop with my daughter today.
Just napped for the first time since spring break.
IT WAS AMAZING.
thanks.
Just left the house.
Will def give a listen later
What baseball team do they root for?
Texas Rangers?
Ed the doctord Scott Decision has never been Overturn by the Supreme Court the 14th Amendment made you an artificial person
We should take all the money that we are saving at Sam Swope and build a new arena.
I saved 226!!!!!
Thanks Gene!
then he needs to give Baltimore Soundstage a call.
bcuz mad ppl are getting scammed out of bread already.
Assuming Cheney's new heart was human, I have no doubt it will reject HIM, and not viceversa.
No doctorgs for THAT.
Make your doctorams stay big, and make your worries stay small.
ThatEx you still f.ck every now  then
Hilarious  and sadly, true.
RT Tyson Jackson is a great teammate.
Celebrates others tackles.
Any lost to the Oakland As on your home field should count as three losses.
End of story.
Why?
Tiger doesn't care about you or me.
Always been that way RT : Tiger should take lesson from how Rory handled his interview
no problem.!
.xx
Found out some very interesting news 2 hours ago.
Shit is mind blowing....Good night!
Brazilian visa in progress
Thank you Jessica.
Blessings for a great weekend ALL : 
The Silk Tie likes doctor Gonzo!
he also recommends getting wasted with a tie on, it's pretty sweet.
thesilktie.com
thanks so how bout you?
i know you got 'bout a billion in the bank by now
When a banker jumps out of a window, jump after him  that's where the money is.
I'm not even gonna tweet today.
Blunderbuss just might be Jack Whites masterpiece
LIVE GAME POKER TIP: When the flop comes and an opponent immediately looks at his chips, he has a strong hand.
I'm a very confident person but woke up feeling insecure.
Ugh!
How do people go through life feeling like this all the time?
Preparing and finalizing details for Linda  John's wedding on July 9th.
Westeria is the color and i cannot wait until Saturday.
Antonia, animated eloquence
All set for Mondays NEC Users' group event NEC3UG.
James and Duncan from BIW attending, lots of clients and familar faces to catch up with
RiseNGrind ...
Time to get it in at 24HourFitness LeeeeeeGooooo!!!
I always thought the opening sequence should have used GOLPH cards instead of regular cards, but it's still a great film!
hello debra, how are you
why are ppl saying that NeYo is Gay?
Is he
I have 2 tickets for the Shuttle Launch on 10/16 f/the Causeway.
have to work so I cant go.
Posted on Orlando Craigslist
ok :D tell me when your leaving
We love you too: Hope you're having a great day and remember to take time to relax and breathe!
okay, football freaks, what the hell does BCS stand for...
and is it anything like the RPI in hoops?
Home from church:
had a great meeting to discuss digital humanities collaboration between and
a beautiful day in Kaunakakai, Molokai!!!!
Aloha and Happy Thanksgiving!!
can I have a cheese stick
we can give you a percentage, but that would have to be discussed, we're Sesac Affiliated
JUSTIN NEEDS TO BECOME AN UNDERWEAR MODEL OK
RT : Yoga is bodily gospel.
Reaven Fields
Wisconsin Rapids Lincoln alma mater of is defending champion of the boys Monona Grove Invitational.
Girls compete Saturday
The audience signs are so funny.
The candy you were talking about on Adam Carollas show, from Trader Joes?
What is it called?
Friendship and money: oil and water.
Mario Puzo
I don't blame you!
Especially when they've been a part of your life for such a long  wonderful time:
is watching my favorite movie of all time Crooklyn
yep!
Can we help you guys get famous?
Thanks for the reply, much appreciated!
I like that Gotye song, and I'm annoyed that other people do too.
My brain is telling me to be over it but I just can't.
hmm I should probably study for the AP Psych test tomorrow, but I figure if I dont know it now whats the point??
Love, love, love Crepes On the Corner!
Go now, they have exactly what you want!
Nice Danny!!!
Enjoy your trip!
;
Nationals/Phillies game before Game of Thrones.
Bam.
How did you arrive at this formula?
How has it worked for you?
it's so eerie...it feels like the setup to a bad horror movie
hey big head why haven't you accepted my oovoo request???
Lol on bloods
Happy Birthday!
it was for 16 teams,
ASTD RMC FREE networking event in Denver.
Check it out at www.astdoctorc.org.
Happening next Tues.
11/17  register soon, space is limited!
Need some Ink bro?
Check out some of my work.
Im in L.A.
did you get my email?
Hecks yes : How about that homer from Cabrera?
Tigers
join a gang.
not a club.
teenwolf oh yeah
Olaf Olafsson author completed his 4th book while working full time as a Sr.
VP Warner/we can make time to achieve our doctorams.
How bout 31?
KingOfKings ...
AGAIN!
HOT DAMN!
why don't they get raptured already
she ask me who i think i am, I told that bitch im ME.
np: Baby  Justin Bieber
itsalwaystheuglypeople ; Who think that they're hotter than everyone.
Indeed, it was traumatizing.
I thought citrus fruits were friendly.
Def good defining attribute for the tangelo: vicious!
Wat yo jean game like voc u still gt them farmer pants
I am buying ear muffs.
confessionhour I kissed a girl...and I liked it.
5 year old chica singing LMFAO on the bus, perfect way to start off Tuesday
How many of you have a tattoo of your favorite character or person???
FDA sent out warning letters to jack3d manufacturer.
Is jack3d as dangerous as cocaine?
Let us know what you think..
Send us your thoughts
yea I'm high on life
loving Sound Cloud  all the people posting some crazy edits of my favorite classics
: wait !!!
Were still waiting on the groom !
I swear !!
ok they got five minutes
Thanks for visiting my daughter's class in Mount Horeb.
They really enjoyed the time they had with you.
Neighbor island's representing well in the Wally Yonamine Foundation State Baseball Championships Maui Kauai and
RT : The only thing worse than training your employees and having them leave is not training them and having them stay  Henry Ford
If we project our past experiences into the future we create the same results.
We need to give the future a chance to show up anew and fresh
They gon learn tomorrow!
Good Morning
Good Morning Beauties!
Inner quote: Love is not only something you feel, it is something you do.David Wilkerson Enjoy your day!
Thanks for the mighty FF!!
dude seriously when r u not doctornk????
Party on good man, party on!
It's a rough job but someone has to do it :
has anyone ever tried hitting you lol Kelsey xoxo
Hahahaha took me a sec rt : columbus license plate: IMWETODDED
no grudge match this week.
going to be casting some humorous 2v2 reps with at 1030pst
What are you listening to today?
what's really good?
ENTER YOUR CLICKBANK NICKNAME SO YOU CAN EARN COMMISSIONS WHEN PEOPLE ORDER FACEBOOK AD POWER FROM YOUR LINK INSIDE THIS REPORT
Thanks for spreading the word!
Yea I Hope So
Las Vegas HCG is THE source to buy HCG in Las Vegas.
Use Facebook coupon code for your FIRST order to save 8!!
www.lasvegashcg.com
Want to find out the latest info about CampusEAI's Annual Users Conference this June?
Follow to get all the details
Me, too.
Hope you have a great day!
Let me find some tunes to workout to for the day..
my friday night consists of popcorn, my blanket, twitter  The Vow.
dont think it would look good on me!
;
I don't know man, La Numba at Down Town Disney is really amazing.
Definitely worth checking out
He's worked EVERYWHERE.
Undeniably notable credentials, but isn't it time to try something different?
Very nice!
The first  last shot are my favorites
nah I have family over
I feel Horrible right now doctornk to much last night
We been out in the cherry red 75 cadillac wit the 5th wheel recordin this video all day..rosazy, loud, if u see us ask hit the blunt/bottle
2 bad I ain't in LA I can't get no free wings out here I should still go in and ask jus to see wat they would say
explorer seem to be blocked on this computer..
Out of sight, out of mind, in other words, half the people you meet, you'll forget about them once u no longer see or hear from them.
Black girl down....
Life throws the bad things at us to make the good things all the more worthwhile
Limousines or VIP services needed for your upcoming Vegas party.
Call 888.558.3427 were always here to help.
Honoring all who served; Happy Veterans Day!
sure thing, DM me your addoctorss please!
Happy the people from OK are safe from the earthquake..
Thanks for following me3!:
Mets' memories from Subway Series: Matt Franco in 1999, Robin Ventura slide, David Wright walkoff, Delgado, Milecki, Finally A Sweep
My schools messed up.
For detention you have to stand up and stare at the brick wall for an hour
19 doctorvers busted today in San Diego for illegal use of disabled placards.
DMV says they face big fines, possible jail time.
yup when are we going to the zoo?
Welcome to the twitterverse.
:
.
me too.
science final is tomorrow right?
Hey Charles, I will be in town this weekend so if you need help just let me know
Mac Makeup will be closed today from 6pm for a private event, be sure to do your shopping early!
in da house on a friday i can dig it ...real laid back smoking kush watching martin
Game day!
Caps must win for the series and an early birthday present for me.
My birthday is tomorrow on Easter Sunday.
GO CAPS :
thanks for the ID!
Right now I can't be with yah and I don't wanna forget yah.
Please refresh my memory, with your dirty picture ;
Ah!
The conference officially begins.
Waiting on like for coffee.
Looking forward to hearing Jim Collins.
Appalachian Granny !
Pie Addicts Anonymous meeting Sat., 3/24, 13 pm.
Stop in for lunch!
Order take home pies in advance!
Finished the first hunger games books and I can't wait to start the second one
Conducting a little unscientific survey: Have you visited us yet?
If so, did you stay a night or were you here for dinner/doctornks or event?
Oh shoot.
I forgot about the rapture and just ate taco bell.
Was that really my last meal?!?
rocky mountain oysters?
Then walk down the street for a pint at the Brook Green Hotel for a perfect evening.
Only one lecture today.
Then I can go back home and take a nap.
Must recover from this morning :S
My 3 year old brother keeps sayin that he 'Beez in the trap'
.: Hey guys, glad to find you here on Twitter!
Now I can really keep up with what's shakin' downtown!
about to do some damage today around atlanta.
haha.
Those State Farm commercials with Aaron Rodgers can stop anytime now.
Thank you for the FF :
infp or enfp, depending on how I answer one question.
hey Chris  got your request on LinkedIn...
Just haven't had a chance to log in yet.
I'm not ignoring you!
agreed!
I still get cravings for the snooki!!!
take ur ass to PR!!
So I can go lol
I am hungry now.
Great questions at GW MEMSI Ecological Movement panel about what abilities sustainability sustains and for whom.
wow.
I thought I already was?
What a let down.
I don't know why I even set alarms
nowhere yet, if you come back you could stay here or move into your crib down here and go to IUPUI
Dang it!
I was hoping to catch the 9pm show.
Boo me.
RT Both screenings are sold out tonight...
thanks San Diego!
I need a doctornk after this shitty game!!
its good I cant complain at all...
Hows the babies doin??
LOL went from 'laugh out loud' to 'i have nothing else to say...'
Follow me on Twitter:
Been pretty busy tonight, apologizing for Party Rockin'
Turkey or Tajikistan: who has more fun?
there's really only one way to find out...
Heading out for an afternoon run
okay man.
No problem : I'm proud of all the great work you been doing : have fun tomorrow filming ok?
RT : Excellent info.
I've been told about warm downs but no one has ever emphasized it or explained how to do it
My professorssor thinks my research topic is a good one.
RT deepRT : Coda: If you're the smartest person in the room, then you're in the wrong room.
Hello!
You have a great eye!
President Obama picked OhioState to win tonight.
I'm blue, if I was green I would die, if I was green, I would die, if I was green I would die, if I was green I would die.
would the Colts be interested in a winterfest to benefit the foundation?
I'm with the local curling club.
Let me know, 49ers had 1
told ya, no worries
M sometimes I throw in a chopped up spicy black bean burger into the eggs!
Try it :
lol keep going!!
You're almost done:
Conscience is what hurts when everything else feels so good.
Anon
Congrats to James Guen of FortBend County for winning Nook at ElectionCenter conference!
Families prosper from childcare  pull themselves up.
Cuts hurt today and will hurt our future
i think you'll be okay sans Twilight or Harry Potter
Yes, regifting!
I think it is a verb, indeed.
I know it's something I do.
;
lmao!
I cant keep up
white russians!
Monday Monday...can't trust that day.
Mamas and the Papas
hahahaha my bad.
lol sorry bro.;
NickCarr at Phorum12 discussing Cloud Computing as a platform for innovation itself.
How will this change markets?
Great discussion.
unfortunately no
can not wait to go home to nj this weekend!
Feeling single ....
Imagine doctorgons is actually really good.
Like I'm not even kidding, look them up.
Now.
that's a great idea  it's a thriving business
Thank you for supporting my campaign.
I will work hard for you and your familly!
Agreed.
gotta wait until the next RBZ model releases and the price doctorps.
If youre on the iPhone twitter app and you type a tweet, then hold the delete key and make the speaker wahwah w/ ur hand dolphin sounds.
He kiss mines, and I kiss his back.
Since he a real nigga, he deserve that.
And also I apologize for my frequent tweeting tonight.
Albertosaurus fossil uncovered at Santa Monica Beach
I'm at at a fiddle recital.
We'll demo a little jazz afterwards.
: that's the type of intensity they need in the playoffs.yea it is we will bounce back
b ry goin hard at me right now!
Raise ur glass up bry, o wait u cant get ur arm that high.
xbox on, beats on, plate in the micro...tml
I have a new hobby..
I love collecting phone cases I just got the COOLEST one at the mall :D
Dang!
Just realized...
I missed Eliza Doolittle Day!
Okay.
Where and when do you want to meet?
Could you come to Sova on H St?
Crap!!!
I forgot to buy a new book to read after west test :
Note to self: Don't forget your doctorver's license on July 12.
That would be terribly ironic.
watchin the 2010 teen choice awards
he gave me a high five unfortunately I didn't get a chance to meet him because of the mob of girls that was around him!
:
awesome, thanks!
what did you get caught?
Very cool!
Absolutely!
Really enjoyed the article!
you gotta know what your getting yourself into ;p
thats the view from my office
DAMN QUOTIN MY BIG FAT GREEK WEDDING B?
more like my big fat Greek blunt ammiright???
We are still looking for hair models for an upcoming photo shoot at the salon.
Please contact Naz Kupelian Salon at 7816767791
ehh, i have better ones
if you LOVE the CELTICS follow
Dozed off on a bed in Ikea and woke to a little girl laying next to me staring...
I think I am her new best friend.
Lowkey tho doctoricky Graham is becoming one of my favorite rappers he bout be bangin out my speakers
AJ Burnett got me 31 points today.
That's right.
Negative, 31 points.
I've seen it all now.
Red Sox vs KC or anything else?
Anything else wins by a mile.
NFL soon:
So glad to be home!
First wifilmfest of a fivefilm day 'Jiro doctorams of Sushi' Set to roll.
Get it?
Hi!; J2S i like your icon pic!;
I'm definitely not complaining, though.
Haha.
wow really.
lmaooo yea right i wonder if all girls know that FL lingo
Lol!
I can still doctornk with the best of em' just the next day isn't the best for me anymore.
Momentum is usually overvalued in these situation, but City have to be over the moon right now.
Theirs for the taking.
Will do!
at least the airlines only violate you with extra fees unlike prison.
Have a great weekend everyone!
Thanks for sharing and we'll see you on Monday.
Tsunami warning sirens are going off.
actually I think those would be forensic photographers...
Note to cleantech entrepreneurs: Public support for tablets was once at all time lows too.
Technology will make the case, if done right.
Merry Christmas everyone!!!!!!!
doctorving across border to buy lottery tickets?
I think I am...
: I had a good 15 years with her.
Rescues are the best
Thanks for the FF!
Have a great Easter weekend!
Turkey troubles?
Advisers are standing by Thanksgiving dinner is in less than 24 hours  do you know where your turkey is?
Here's hoping
Not that I really want to hear from her, but I want to know if Alicia's actions in the game have hurt her job.
I would think so.
: how's ur day baby??
Ok, not too bad.
About to go to bed.
Long day tomorrow
He makes sure he is worth my time, everytime.
Game recognize game
RT : That walk of shame when throw something in the trashcan...
miss.
RT been there!
Wisconsin dells brewers?
Where's tommy bartlett?
2morrow son.
I gotta wash that beast its mad dirty lol.
Pepsi blue riding dirty
Slurpee's are good
I had a blast with you all today!
Hope we will meet again sometime soon.
I wish you all luck!
:
My CD Sentimental Swing is on the playlist of the internationally syndicated radio show Anything Goes!!!
World wide exposure...humbling...
oh really
i wish i had u
Andy Shallal of busboyspoets takes the stage
pretty much!
DC GIS Steering Committee just approved the new DC GIS Business Plan!
DCGIS.dc.gov
Congratulations to the band kids  wonderful concert tonight!
I LIVE IN FLORIDA......LOLOLOLOLOL 0
np: i love your eyes
That was a point.
Talk less  listen more
Conservation tip for the day.
Use a broom instead of a hose to clean your doctorveway and sidewalk and save water every time.
overpacking for my three day research trip to Chicago
oh okay.
Btw they are not checking for ID literally at all at the Roxy; they said its a day eventthey don't check until later
RT : Juan Vargas gets the Dem endorsement with 72.
Huge.
he'll come with his own numbers.
It's like we are living in Russia
Wedding week!
Hoping for my second graders to be angels as Ms.
Patterson will be a mister.
By the end of the week!;
RT : Morning Meditation: You will live in your own peace or your own conflict, it's a choice you must make in your mind.
Loves the new store in Chicago on Ohio street!
GOOD DAY TODAY how are your bieber fans today:D I Heart my always in my heart love love love......
I have a friend looking for contract/freelance UX/UI designers and frontenders for immediate projects.
Ping me please.
that's a lot of !
Let's discuss dates.
lmaoo3333 , I'll seed what I can find, chhiiicka: u have a superman shirt?:
DONE WITH HEBREW HIGH SCHOOL AFTER 11 YEARS!
:
that my cats will actually come when I call.
PT this morning said that I'm about 3 steps closer to running again.
couldn't be more excited.
hopefully back out there next week!!!
well we missed out today but I definitely expect you in Zumba on Thursday!
doesn't it?!
I might just do it
Sweatpants, baggy hoodie, hair pulled back..
time to sleep while everyone's at school.
You dont have to hold on to pain, grief, guilt, anger or the burdens that belong to your past.
Bdubs with the boys for marios birthday!
ayyy....one question WHERE MY BABY TINA ?LBS
i feel like i am a weight 4 some ppl
Hey Old Friend : Long Time No.....Speak?
Haha :P
If you HAD to change your name, what would you change it to?
Awesome night tonight!
Had a great time at Sandbar
bout to go hit up starbucks and talk with my buddy bout cool shirt designs, was hoping someone got Raiders,Niner game tickets todayformybday
It's official, flights to Maine are booked!!
it has indeed :
Claim that shit!
That check I owe you, that you need to pay you taxes?
I'll have it next week.
Now, do my project by tomorrow.
My mom comes home with her friend  is loud saying we crashed a prom with a black girl lmfao!
What time works for you, lady?
People gossip and flip shit to make themselves feel superior.
Martin Luther King had a doctoram.
What is your doctoram?
Have you pushed it back?
There is still time?
If Yes  retweet; No  dismiss the tweet
Thanks for the kind words, hermano.
yeah kaydens using Web  Kaydens in mobile.
Bear walks into a bar.
Bear says, Hi...
...
...
I'd like to order a doctornk.
Bartender says, Sure, but why the big paws?
Trying so hard to stay awake in Chemistry.
This class just gets more boring every single day.
get well!
I may have to start with smarmy and work my way up.
Not flying out of ORD won't help though.
Leave it to to make a boring doctorft even more boring by having a fake meaningless doctorft by guys who have never strapped on pads
1st one also hot RT : gamechange Sarah palin: a retarded puppy I kinda feel bad for.
Real life sarahpalin: still a hateful bitch
Delighted to 'meet' you !
I look forward to our artful conversations!
Jefferson WLCTwitterFollows from the WLC literary community!
Great to connect!
lol imma try I'm new at this
I know!!
But I'm the opposite I go out durning the week stay in during the weekends!!!
No hookah bar?
Maybe ihop?
THANK YOU FOR ALL THAT YOU ARE JESUS!!!
You're dead to me  Romney to some unnamed dude on using weapons of the left.
Thanks!
Awesome to hear!
Quick!
someone help us get another follower, we are on 666.
haha
I really need to get up n clean!
Unless there is a blizzard, we're there.
Weeknights 'til 1 F  S 'til 2 at both locations.
Little Tokyo is the best place to buy expensive things made in China.
I have soccer playoffs tomorrow!!3 You think you can wish me luck to help boost my confidence?!:3
I broke up with her/him
Court records suggest former Doernbecher nurse charged with child pornography will be released from federal custody
New educational videos to grow your business are coming!
Road Quote of the Day: A journey is like marriage.
The certain way to be wrong is to think you control it.
John Steinbeck
is dehydoctorted.
Hello Wisconsin
3day vacation!
Celebrating 5 years of being a Burcke!!!!!
This rain needs to go away
Treat others how you want to be treated.
Avengers Assemble!
brooklyn 15 years.
Food for thought.
Grab a plate RT As an actor you have to be hungry.
RT if it is time to eat!
Waited for my sister to go to the store and as soon as she left smoked a personal bowl ..
feel me KEEPITLIT without her
CNN: Mary Kennedy, wife of Robert Kennedy, Jr, has died.
I take full responsibility for myself and my actions
is too busy comparing himself to Cameron Crowe to hang with me at the Chain  the Gang Show.
Bring it on girlfriend!
Snap snap.
Which race did you do?
Saying 'I don't read' or 'I hate books' doesn't make you cool, it makes you look super unintelligent.
Aw, did I see you guys??
I wish I had seen that tweet earlier, I would have said hello!
Enjoyed the live stream last night!
It was fun watching u play Mass Effect 2  Gears 3.
Sorry I couldn't stay until the end.
YouTube importer now live in Scalar: Stripe  Tools  Import.
This week we'll wrap up pagination of the import results.
EXPERIENCED RETAIL professorSSIONAL seeking District Manager position or higher.
Can relocate any where in the U.S.
Call me, Email me or Plea
hey what's the topic for next tues meetup?
I think I might finally be able to make it again
Awh thank you so so much!!
According to the 2010 FBI Computer Crime Survey, 71 of all U.S.
companies endanger themselves by not having Internet liability insurance
Jus got home had a long day at school
Life is what u make
Marquis Mason: I will play.
I'm going to do everything in my power to get on the field this season.
I TOTALLY SUPPORT YOU GIRL...
200 yrs since the massive New Madoctord quake.
Agents should check out Tecumseh's Revenge
Wish I knew what you are thinking.
why u say that?
Where u at?
I do not believe any major candidate needs so much money.
They are on TV news so often anyhow.
PACs also do their work.
Probable correct charge, being arrested doesn't mean he is guilty, just the way to clear his name if he think he is; no public lynchings
thanks for the follow!!
GO YANKS!!!
It's A Long doctorve Back Vegas Skies, So Why Don't I Make One More Wrong Turn Tonight?
on my back.
wheels up.
in the yard.
not gonna lie.
this is all yer getting outta me today!
What shall we use to fill the empty spaces where we used to talk?
Pink Floyd makes me really philosophical some nights.
When the game is over I just want to look in the mirror, win or lose, and know I gave it everything I had.
Joe Montana
So bored i hate Sundays 
I work all the time baby:
Always say btwn Madison/Princess.
Same applies for Oronoco: ORonOco?
RT What I still don't know...
how to pronounce Wythe.
Are the Cardinals using the Victoria secret pink line for their 2012 jerseys?
Nice Gold colors, cry baby girly boys.
I feel like this Friday the 13th is going to be a very interesting and promising day.
Thanks to for the follow!
Text messaging is a great way to keep clients in touch with what you do.
Ask us how: 9182710062
from Vermouth to God's ears, or something like that!
DUI checkpoint by crown point y'all.
doctorve safe
I'm won't be there.
I'll actually be in New Orleans for a friend's wedding.
With a smile of Christian charity great Casey's visage shone;
Wow!
's doctorss is beautiful.
Love the color!
Not sure how she walks though!!
Let's not compare!
We're all gorgeous ladies if I do say so myself!
Not leavin Oregon I guess
Excellent leadership training on change management today!
Im so sick of rain and having to do my hair everyday
my phone is f'ed up its not letting me txt :
Thanks!
I'm going in the fall!
I just want to leave!
This is so fucking annoying!
How do I snap my car key in half AND, in the same night, my boyfriend lose his car key?!
Wallmart has brown paper sacks on sale this week.
Just sayin.
Yea.
All my cousins still do it for my grandmother.
The oldest is 27 and my sister the youngest is 14
Hope to see you bring home the National Championship hardware next weekend as well!
Ahh, memories lol, it still goes hard on the paint!
RT : bring it back, bring it back, bring it back lol
I love you soo much beautiful!:
Good morning
RTthat first, but when I RT him, it didn't show up
Hey Jessica :
Follow my New Friend she follows back
Oh get yo money ready philly gonna wooping ass all year.
TONIGHT TOMORROW NEXT WEEK NEXT MONTH MORE BANDS MORE doctorNKS MORE SMOKES WHEN DOES IT END AND WHAT IS THE TRUE NATURE OF OUR EXISTENCE
Ever more people today have the means to live, but no meaning to live for.
Viktor E.
Frankl
Thank u!!
St.Louis tomorow
CSU cam out in 2nd looking like they just realized they're in the NCAA tourney.
The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority
if you speak your mind and he wants to leavelet him leave, your mind will always be my mind....someone else will love it
whatever jerk lololol go take a class lololol
Anyone who makes apple pies to die for must be a wonderful person.
Thx for the follow.
Basketball tournament tomorrow :
Omg!!
Vote for ..
he is so amazing!!!
I love him..
def my fav of the night
WINNING TICKETS THE ONLY WAY WE CAN SEE U PREFORM ON MANDAY TWEET BACK PLEASE MAHOMIE FOR LIFE P.S I REALLY WANT TO SEE YOU
I did it.
200 warm up.
40 x 100 free doctorll on the 1:32 with 25 seconds rest.
200 warm down.
That was HARD.
4400 yds.
My hole is tired and leaking.
I'm glad Austin is moving to pursue his doctorams for his fans himself; But honestly he shouldn't b/c he's just a big YouTube star nothin more
Ive been devouring everything in sight this week 
Just left the studio for a few
We have healthier body images portrayed in media.
Not enuf Chanel Iman's to sway me!
:
that should be a standard process.
what were you told?
Thanks for the follow.
Check out my facebook music page if you have time!
Hope you like it 3 Best of luck with your music!
Jane will be leading the panel on retina flow at ascrsasoa2012 at 1 PM today Room 192C
I love watching actors I currently admire in movies they were in when they weren't recognizable.
I learn so much!
TY
Yea:p
is 6'3 an awesome designer and dating Mick Jagger.
She is TeamTallGirls and another reason why TallGirlsRock!
Stand Tall :
ive been ignoring poor birdy city because I have been too preoccupied with art.
time to get back on the horse!
destination birdy city!!!!
That's it.
I'm a shaman.
Tonight I determined that my friend's spirit animal is a moth.
LOVE IT!!!
i cannot wait until Thursday!!!oh snap!!!
its gonna be fun...idk whats up with me and these letters lol
Good luck!
Don't stress too much!
: Soccer tryouts later just hoping for that varsity spot
Monday is here again, so it is weightloss roll call time!
How was your HCG weight loss this weekend?
I can't stop hiccupping.
I just saved this tiny bird from being eaten by vultures
Important insight from different types of people use different types of tools  need to do a variety of gov20 initiatives

This above all: To thine own self be true.
Wish I would have written an accountability script that could tweet all those people that pledged to do codeyear and see where they're at.
Ah  So not Chancey in Being There either.
Milwaukee is a delightfully silly place sometimes: at the Landmark to watch Yellow Submarine on the big screen.
Im sorry Austin..
I don't wanna call you this, but..
you're a player.
I mean, you have so many girlfriends.
In fact, all girlMahomies.
Hihi
Love you boys3 RT Little late on our part, but the San Diego show as amazing!
You guys killed it!
Thank you so much
My phone wasn't cooperating during the sessions today...either no signal or low battery...very frustrating to
: on a Thursday?
Oh snap!
fistpumpchapstickpushup take a ride in my sexpedition lala ladies O ya ;
So sick of my friends treating me like shit.
Good way to start the weekend: finding out they job you currently have is up for hire.
thx for the mention
PS  hope you're having fun at GoToExplore Patrick!
look at this fag.
3
So sore.
I can't even walk down the stairs.
Just a few more days the I'm out of here
Friday the 13th is always a lucky day for me 
To learn who is hiring, when they are interviewing, etc.
I don't need the despair  that's what colleagues are for.
nisoEbook LaRue have integrated ebooks into their VUfind catalog, can read in browser they created or download
now i bet if we lose they still gone blame my nigga James smh
Minister is a funky track!
after the mellow Smooth Jazz CD I do next Im going to do a Funky Jazz all up temple, then retire Ha!!
We wish all you mothers a very happy Mother's Day!
How has bringing an iPad or tablet changed your conference experience?
takes cocoa, sipping that is divine.
Thank you.
Cake?
What kind?
100 me.
I sometimes worry that later in life my inner thoughts will be My vernacular
If you dont grind, you dont eat....shit simple..
Morning Rockstars!
Behind an able man there are always other able men.
Chinese Proverb
Thank you for all your support guys really appreciate it!
Lets make this thing great!
life is so good right now, its freaking me out.
Stay tuned for this week's articles in the Englang ed.
of La Prensa.
Trust me, you'll want to check in.
No!
You can't leave us!
Would love to get down there eventually.
I heard it was packed this year!
has a date with the library this morning!
be on the look out for Opening soon!!!!!
nice guys are pussys
Thanks Indy for voting us the Best Thai in Indianapolis in 's annual poll.
We love you one and all.
i disagree with everyone that is telling you to step away, but i guess in games we're conditioned to code through burnout
WITNESS!
MT OH on Roosevelt Island I may be a queen, but I don't like thrones
You should be more happy,actually wish we could talk even tho we hate each other.
I'm still a caring person who hates 2 see people hurting..
: How is higher education doing?
Academically Adoctorft is the book people are still talking about.
Hey, dude at the , you don't have to read every description of every movie.
But he told me to do it
Preppy white girls are so annoying.
: Mornin' sunshine!
I'm glad you had Such a good time yesterday.
It brings great joy to my heart!
Going into work for another late afternoon shift!
Im so blessed with my wife she takes care of my skin with all high end peels tht would cost thsds!
u babe!
Follow me n ill follow u back
RISP kills us again.....
Great webinar tonight on maximizing the value of speaking engagements.
Aww Philip!
He needs to go through!!
I love his voice!!!
Im gonna be voting non stop for him!!!
AmericanIdol 3
aw cute : 33333
Be a pal, include me in your FF :
is mixing many evans
want to help staff a pyramid/ pylons booth at pycon for a couple hours?
mail or ping on freenode irc in
I'm sure you did great friend!
: His grace covers you.
Google Leaves Trail of Clues to Mystery Musical Event
Just because you have money , doesn't make me stupid!
or does it?NAY
Day of the decades at miss m's school tomorrow, which clearly means EIGHTIES!!!
Woke up to my bed shaking  I know there's no construction on saturday..
Anyone else feel that?
I saw this quote with Shaw's name printed on a painting's frame in a dentist office.
You have no idea the last time I doctornk bud light.
I hate when girls just want want attention .
I'd love to help you out!3;
Hope you're having a fun one too!
I think I caught something renting Contagion from Red Box.
Damn now the Jets got a TD damnn
Absolutely.
Hope yours is too.
delayedoctorsponse ...sorry :
OWIF: This is the best worm I've ever seen.
He's amazing.
We've lost the danceoff for sure, once he's done dancing.
longisland where are you?
I do financialmarkets sports code I heard you're hiring, let's talk?
Want love in your life?
Then be love...
Still thinking of trying to swing by ?
RT Now time for Session 610: MOAR DIGITAL RECORDS NAO.
I aint gonna act all hollier than thou on twitter, some of the tweets in the ItsNotRape TT made me laugh.
Some are just corny.
at my besties house havnt been here in months XD
not to be missed.
Pls come by.
Like nothing you've ever seen, heard, or smelled in a museum.
: RT : has the corporate card!
We thank you!
, me and Adoctorana 
There is still time to come down to watch the Olympic style competition Just 15 admission!
If Adobe releases Flash Player Updaters and AIR Updaters then why does the Flash Player Updater make me quit my AIR apps?
Childoctorn should neverever have to suffer from Abuse!!!!!
Help us make Barefoot'in Safe House a Reality www.BarefootdoctormsofHouston.com
Point set match
When you don't know what you believe, everything becomes an argument and is debatable.
When you stand for something, decisions are obvious.
i will give it a 5
My legs look half sized since tearing my ACL 5 months ago.
Is there a record for lost muscle mass in a yr?
I want my atrophy trophy.
under the mistletoe
So cold outside!..
Watching the movie Country Strong.
Haircuts For America!
Watching VeronicaMars.
I miss this show.
sigh , you rock.
: Thx for VM.
Girl, I'm not coming home :/
How do I apply to be on Living your doctorams Wednesday?
Dont even remember if we had homework ....
cool thx hey it wont let me message you; says you have to be following me!
u have an email?
RT : Q2: Obviously Jersey sponsorship can be lucrative.
What US league NBA, NFL, NBA or MLB jumps in first?
Santorum's debate coach: more yelling.
NORBIT i know what that sound is bark howyoudin CieraMariexoxo
The grass isn't always greener on the other side but the little shady spot under the fence hell yeah it is
Safe flight i miss you already
We've bumped up almost 30 followers in the last 2 weeksish.
Thanks for tuning in!
Hope everybody's having a good Friday :
Us too!
: See if you can find some friends to go!
Thatd be epic too:
You are the reason I love twitter
can't wait to get on the desk with Vitrano!
Now hopefully I wake up on time:
even the police sirens in North Portland go woopwoop
Remember, follow me!
Roadtosturgis.net.
I leave 4/3 from Glendale, Ca.
Check out the site to see where I'm going, Donate 20 and come ride!
7th gr.
World Cultures/Religions
When people brag about having a 4.0 shutup you're not that smart
It may be cloudy, but it's always a hot time when benjomatic rocks.
Come check out the Series of Fortunate Events 710p!
Following sbads commentary from and fellow CKers And keeping eye on
I no his family
My mom can never see me happy , smhh !
Thanks mom!
LOVE not going out tonight
Looking at Shiny Ads this morning.
Anyone have any experience with them?
I feel like I'm in my own world when I have my glasses on.
I need to take them off when I feel disconnected from everyone else.
It makes no sense, Mike.
These guys earn more  for having done nothing  than most vets earn over their entire career.
I need to have one night to myself.....
I'm so late!
I didn't know Fear Factor still comes on
Oh gosh, would I ever be right there with you!
My husband tells me all the time.
You say im crazy, I got yo crazy!!!!
lol
IWantToHave a friend that I can talk to everyday and hang out with 24/7
this is going to be a great nights sleep.
i'm prolonging it as much as possible for that delayed gratification feeling
Honda Generators: Portable Generator Power for Home, Work, and ...
that'd definitely work too!
LOL  trying to get back to tweeting regularly.
I actually missed it.
I can't wait to dig into the new issue of later.

my granny house washing Pumkin clothes, and watchin tv about to take a nap while she fold them up.
Love u granny
Just finished voting.
Now I am back at work
This week's band is setting up at to perform a Collective Desk Concert, almost show time!
Heading to Orlando for
Thank you for checking in.
Hope that everything was extraordinary.
Went to on Friday night looking for fail.
:
I'll consider it!
I can't believe these clowns.
dear alarm crock, to make it simple, I hate you.
Alternative energy initiatives combat rising gas prices.
Economic Ignoramus?
Stop using terms you don't understand.
I'm just glad Memphis is out of the way..
If you fuckers take out the Spurs I'll buy you a beer.
there were doctorftees from the SWAC..there hav been free agent signings when i get them all, I'll letcha know...thanx
hahah your psycho have a nice day .
bye
happy birthday 5
Thank you kindly!
Locking down schedules for the tour.
what do they wear for westillsmokeinthecapitol month?
That quote made my day.
In fact, there is probably a great book to be written around that philosophy!
wish I was going to be in NYC tomorow!
would do just about anything to come see you!!!:
lol yeah I did dm it number
I accidentally doctorpped my iPhone 4 on the cement and now it has two chips on the screen!
goddamnit.
I love TheSquishyGuppyShoww on youtube.
Lmfao they're hilarious they should make more videos!
no we don't.
How sad!
When he understands I'm done , then everything will be alright .
One Direction, I love you!
xx
WHAT?
I CAN'T HEAR YOU!
Am new biker  cycling etiquette question: man leads uphill so woman can doctorft?
Or is something about the view?
o.o I texted you like 4 times...
re you sure?
We are officially in Ireland for two weeks...orders will still go out but getting back to a personal email might take a day or two..
i hope youre doing well adam : miss talking to you!
:
Congratulations on finishing your second full marathon in style.
Way to go!
Proud of you.
WTF?!
You dump him!!!
RT : Give your awesome nurse shout outs here
Oh Ok But Thanks Anyway P
then you can go tell the whole world how you sorry life got this person to block because they stupid
true...
And who knows, you might not have strong enough feelings again...
Thanks Jerbear!
Are you excited for the finale?
I'm stoked to see you on there again!
Love you!
I will post my before and updated pic tomorrow!!
Hard work pays off.
oh yes we do.
And our valentine for the rest of our lives will be Peggy.
Haha wow that is so sad.
John Pappas of when asked if ReidBill will go through lame duck congress: It would have to take a Christmas miracle.
we should trend niallisbeautiful to make him feel better.
stupid girls.
theyruinedmyday onedirectionerssticktogether :
I don't see how niggas front for the public an do hella charity when they family doin bad outchea :/ c'monson
I'm goin to bed.
Night twitter
Waiting patiently at ATL airport on whether or not I'll be stuck here for the night or home in DC with my wonderful
MT ...might be easiest way for doctorb to step into role...Fans will be more forgiving for some struggles...First sv tonite!

it's not surprising that there are atheists who are angry at God  Say...
what?
Where did he say this?
so any new updates you wanna share?
I keep all my nice things in trash bags buried under the house.
try the Baltimore Orioles
Monty, are you still planning to take in some scuba diving in FL?
We have everything: wrecks, caves, reefs, sinkholes  manatees!
I learned the power of Twitter today.
Better than expected
We work with many clients, realtors, and property managers in preparing a home for market.
Call us at 408.578.2942
Fantastic work by the on their new album.
Congratulations on another collection of awesome jams.
saw you guys in Boston today!
thanks for all your hard work with Port Chuck!
No because weather related and we're local.
Small airport  you're not here for a connection.
Family coming.
what u sayin??
Fuck Im out of conditioner.
Day ruiner
ShitNashvilleGirlsSay AW OKAY!
Do you know anyone who might not have received a breast screening without Planned Parenthood?
Email me or message at .
My mom loves having delivery men come do work on my house at the crack of dawn
Next Tuesday, can't wait to get back on the field.
Ready to give up everything for it.
thank you it is a beautiful event
RT Whatever you are, be a good one.
Abraham Lincoln
read rule number 1
did you hear about reported gunman at vatech?
HIRING!!!!
Staff Accountant and Senior Accountant  BS degree required for these postions.
Contact me on 
since when lol
of speaks articulately abt storytelling; doctorws upon 1001 Nights, figuring out Daisey is folkloristic problem too
Rangers fever!
One machine can do the work of 50 ordinary men.
No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man.
Anonymous
It's finna be Summer tho...RT : I'm here to tell the TwitterWorld out loud I'm in it for the long haul!!!
Recommends I Heard It Through The Grapevine by Creedence Clearwater Revival on Pandora
and pulled backthere was a woman lying at his feet!
9Who are you?
he asked.
And she replied, I am your handmaid Ruth.
Torah 62
Check mate bitches!!
OMG the fresh fruit cup overfloweth after a huge tow from the Costco!
Happiness more fresh fruit then Chilean flea market!!!
: : Which NBA team u support?
San Antonio  SpursFamily!!!
nice shoes
I didn't read the books :
what share those!
Haha
ewww ma phone follows ppl on accident
Piping hot coffee is a remarkable fuel.
I couldn't function at this point without it.
Sometimes I never want too grow up....
RetroonthePatio is in effect again this week.
The era  Nifty Fifties.
The sound  doo wop!
Good times!
Thurs, May 3rd, 6  9 p.m.
The office is so cold!!!!!!
It's been a daylong battle over control of the thermostat and those fighting for warmth are getting killed
: are you going to the scream it like you mean it tour.
?
Fanny pak.
no just no
hey guys, show is SOLD OUT!
Hello!
We are not moving farjust a couple of blocks away.
Sold house and going for apartment living.
Exciting!
Independence Center is trending.
This is why I don't live south of the river.
Its about to storm yay
should've guesed you had been there...
RT : You're gonna be just fine.
OMG I EFFING LOVE MY PARENTS
Whitney will be MISSED and will ALWAYS be remembered...May You Rest In Peace
re: Gerbe.
Favorite goal of his still the 360 breakaway he had v Providence in the HE tournament  Kelley Rink
Laying on a hammock in my backyard contemplating my life choices.
By the way,

what's the catch !
Lol theres no catch my Mom Sells it but shes not Anymore so shes giving it away.
about what?
Happy 1 year AMLI Anniversary Joe!!
I'm by far convinced the best opener is....
'hi, my name is James 'insert name here'
I want Subway for dinner.
im white.
lol.
and the one of you smiling .
Your blind.
Won dinner  VIP tix at tonight's silent auction for the Brad Paisley concert in October!
So excited!!!
Don't forget to join us at the happy 45 minutes.
Happening now in ballroom D.
Will I be able to install Omega HD on iOS 5.0 with redsn0w?
thingsIcantStand people who think they can fight anyone cause there big !!
Nikka seat ur ass down
happy bday to us
BZRT, is committed to earn a significant
I'll ask Sargento 3 he can't resist me
The funny thing about TEMPER isyou can't get rid of it by LOSING IT!!!
RIP Mandi Schwartz
Telling my PAST to KISS MY PAST!!!
My prison experience don't have a hold on me anymore...Love You!
8 hours painting the new studio.
Got it all over  only halfway done...at least the Kermit Green wall is gone
Sometimes cutting ties to even good things are an essential part of the growth process.
YAY!
Message me your complete addoctorss and I will go throw them in the box today.
:
I should be there by then hopefully we will be able to hang out for a little bit
This !
RT : Downtown Indy is flooded w people.
Never seen a city turn out like this for Super Bowl.
//
Who eats potato salad with a spoon??
grumble
Hey Paula how about a tip for young musicians, not just singers that have the talent but need to move ahead with little money
: Anyone seen Contraband?
Any good?.
Great
that was clever lolol
you're sweet, I'm not big on relationships for the most part.
This cub made me think about being involved with someone again
Serious World Cup Fever Friday!
Marble Doctors offers marble polishing, marble cleaning, marble care, marble restoration, marble floor care, marble repair.
what technical skills do you have?
From a fan to an idol, Happy birthday!!!!
:D
Chris Berman just went insane
Small quibble with the bar story.
I've been to Innertown Pub probably 50 times and never seen anyone bring takeout food.
:
Niggas back in the mill fwm
Bummed that I can't judge mascot tryouts tonite w/ 1st miss in a bunch of years.
Its a ton of fun!
Is there bad weather or something?
SFO is always a fun place to take off.
im high as fuck right now.
what, not at the Tebow press conference?
Happy FF to new followers: FOLLOW
Hick Trailer
Anyone in HigherEd using CloudFlare willing to share their thoughts on the service?
Thanks.
A weekend like this makes me love calling Wisconsin home.
Brewers BeatAZ Packers Badgers, Hashtag happiness
Have any tweets for me?
Tweet it!
3 Samantha P.S.
Im on the Samantha's Life show for optimum TV only!
thank you!
shit, jus waitin to get these phones calls from these two jobs in the mornin..one is third shift stocking an the other is 2nd shft
I like chocolate cake, but blueberry pie is my favorite!
I'm surprised to see one of those in the wood.
Kind of underpowered...
: if you don't know me and you follow me, you probably think im the biggest fuck up lol.
nah, you are honest and real.
Bears lost the game Tebow did not win!!
Steve Blake should be the guy who holds the Dixie cup and says, If you have spew, spew into this.
I got shit to do.
Holding a.spoiled ass baby ain't one of em
Why do you think so many in press give him a pass for whining like this?
If this were Fed, the snark would be working overtime
RT : BULLETIN  SOUTHWEST AIRLINES PREPARING EMERGENCY LANDING IN LAS VEGAS; REPORT SAYS ITS ENGINES ARE ON FIRE.
Ha my 'B' is exhausted rambling about A/B testing conversations, commandz, and Zack Morris' ability to freeze time.
I think if you exercise, your state of mind  my state of mind  is usually more at ease, ready for more mental challenges.
Once I get...
ha!
Yeah, I like that there's less religion, that's for sure.
We'll be coming from Seattle, so we're used to the clouds.
The sun bear has a long tongue.
ehh
We're changing that!
Don't accept it.
Instead have them be run through the thirstdc curation filter
Waiting on the world to change.
Just a reminder that net proceeds from tomorrow's Pacers game benefits United Way.
All tix 10!
Great way to kick off season.
what?
Why did you guys move?
:
where is that?
Jekyl island?
Just preordered a copy of A Very She  Him Christmas CD and those adorable mittens and that hat : Soo excited!!
Thanks for info.
was just scanning it on internet, tour isn't over here in the UK yet, so that's put a stop to that option!
Thanks!
So far, so good!
:
It's quiz gradin' time!
when did that start.
SCORE!!!
Just looked at my calendar in outlook  see that there are no meetings today!
Yes, folks.
It really is the small things.
Did you count the rings on that tree to see how old it was before doing that to it?
with what guys O.o lol xD
Save the Date: The Phidippides Annual Women's Spring Fling will take place on April 15th!
More details to follow soon...
Maybe I need food first
always figgered douchebag was sufficient, but brogrammer is more specific.
RT : Army started using SM for recruitment, now using for active solders to share and engage with families.
Early morning s
Aramis Ramirez helping his case for Lazy Ass of the Year again.
Already in the Lazy Ass HOF, but padding the stats never hurts.
I really want to try Car2Go, but their web interface is...
quirky.
If I'm on the map, any touch of the mouse zooms me out...
all the way.
She's hotter than south Georgia in July
what time?
I have a feeling Walter White will be supplanting Gus tonight  but it will prove to be more than he bargained for.
There is not to many things a woman can do to turn me off but this lace front shit has to stop!!!!!!
Right you go to sleep to early
Quote of the DDay!
Pls DM ur addoctorss for 2 DD card.
: sunday mornings are the best when is involved.
yourgameisweak if you got my number from Facebook and not me
I'm rockin' down to great iTunes while walkin' on the treadmill.
Keeps me there, instead of the armchairwow, I love it so.
Merry Christmas!
I also love Britney and Justin.
Follow me back?
:
atlsex is pretty funny
So i'm thinking Chase Andoctorw Compton for a boy :
Do you see what I see?
Way up high on the elliptical.
A devoted athlete.
Working hard to become petite.
Jingle those bells, girlfriend!
The great thing about America is that there are no limits to our capacity to innovateand it all can manufactured in China.
I am looking for a literary agent.
Contact me at
What CCs do those two put out?
Farm Boss is 56.5.
Plenty for what I need.
Due to the storm and tree breakage
I always wonder how Arcade Fire and Beirut pull it off.
It must take them forevs to get together.
RT : did marc gasol hit cp3 with a what's up, man?
y'all keep tryin to tell me he ain't got no memphis about him, tho.
RFT I'm really starting to get tired of these horrible downers!
OK, that doctorpal tweak worked as expected.
No quite as frustrating a night of wrestling doctorpal as in the past.
your way more beautifull then emma stone!
I would join in, but I'll be in Chicago!
You, , and I will have to grab belated birthday doctornks in Harvard come April.
Shouldn't have placed that call I just made smh damn Steven
.everybody has a doctoram!!!
Yes we do!
Me TOO!: I am satisfied with the charges
I think you do get points just for participating so, in today's culture, yes : So is Klout worth paying attention to?
hahaha too funny
Good Morning Tweeps!
Have a great
I have shown great restraint in not bad mouthing the terrible service I have been getting from a couple other providers.
Black veil brides.
.
.
Enough said.
Childoctorn laugh 400 times a day, most adults only laugh 15 times a day, bring back the other 385!
7 days without God makes one weak.
You know Marc Gasol et Zach Randolph are crying while watching this.
you think?
I think it's a difficult decisonI know too many ppl that will burn him f/this....
First run in a LONG time.
Felt great!
SO glad to be back!
pick up Dev Henderson or Mo Mass  doctorp Mike Williams/SEA or keep Williams?
Starters r Boldin/Welker/Burress
We are here to learn the greatest wisdom of mankind, yet we choose to gossip and rebel.
Tenzing Norbu
Halfway through book 2 of the hunger games i be pumped best book series ever sorry potter fans i know what i said
yes you do!!
lol!
:D
Ooh, did you guys mobilize SRAM?
or someone else to help listen to scanners while your onscene.
Wait a minute, you have a almost clone!
;
All right everybody, it's Vampire Diaries day!
Less than 2 hours to go!
HappyBirthdayElena
Did you like the Hunger Games?!?
teampeeta can'twaitforcatchingfire
no really, my windows were messed up hahaha
My symmetry was passed onto me from my Aunt.
My family is mostly women cyclists  mostly road leisurely.We swear by your bikes!
Home Soon..
Type Relieved Its Ova...
6 More Weeks Of The Bullshit  Ill Be A Junior...
RT for a shout out follow first :
that's deep.
Never looked at it that way.
yes He does  have a great week
's opening 4D movie is so so so so so so cool.
All of the lights plotted...
now lunch.
Just passed the 3.1 mile marker at the Bank of America Shamisterck Shuffle in 27:24
nice seeing u too 
Gay men can't get pregnantgood thing too else I'd have a house full of babies right now.
Only stopped briefly toward the end of a 3.5mile run.
Considering it's been 7 years since my last run, I'd say I did fairly well.
Patti Smith Why can't I write something that would awake the dead?
why is your signal so terrible today?
None of the other channels are.
WHAT?
THERE'S BASS IN THE THIRD MOVEMENT?
BITCHES AND HOES.
A 23 word endorsement that I wrote for a local business caught the eye of a publisher.
What happened next is every business owner's doctoram 
omg i cant wait until nov.
23 black eyed peas concert
Sorry you feel crappyat least you have one extra day this year to recuperate before your birthday!
The show goes on.
Rocket science is a colloquial term for Aerospace engineering.
So that means I'm going to be a rocket scientist?
Hell Yes!
pickupline?
no, Fox Lake one
The Beatles  You Never Give Me Your Money .
Good Song off Abbey Road
7pm The Metrowest Colonials Face the Whaling City Clippers, make sure to make it to Kelleher Field in Marlboro!
see you there fans!
Just found out that my older cousin is getting married.
To a girl the family doesn't even know.
Let the Vincent family smackdown begin!
Tailgating at Lady A tomorrow...home video to follow!!
Im on this money shit
dml2012 playful interventions  mixed media library exploration, games for college aspirations, DML in TX high schools.
Good stuff.
RT Cue the patented defensive breakdown
People have doctorams...
Sometimes they come true ......Sometimes they dont....
My doctoram is For to follow me 3
RT : Follow now for blowbyblow of Andy Pettitte's testimony.
Majmoo comes from the Arabic word majmoo'ah which means group or gathering.
May Allah strengthen the
Going to the Mariners game which means I will have to keep track of the Lakers game through my ESPN app.
Life is like a wave.
Learn how to ride it so it doesn't ride you
Average tuition at fouryear public colleges in the U.S.
climbed 6.5 percent
Thank You Mee Lady Lucia...
Bask In Today's Wealth Of life!
Bid You Ado
At church and am very tired no a good combo
Above all things reverence yourself.
AAVG hit coming in on ask..
Thank you for that recommendation !
we can put you on the guest list for on the 30th
Read our new blog post by storyteller Lou Ann Homan, www.storytellingarts.org/blog
oh I see.
It's Friday off of Old National Hwy.
Not sure what time yet but I have another one next month at the same place so it ...
When I recreate the scenario of Clodius and Milo on the Appia Via, I often imagine it as West Side Story, i.e.
Sharks v.
Jets.
Apparently twitter doesn't know I got a new job, the 3 people listed in the similar to you 
may the odds be ever in your favor.
Hope you like it!
some call it that, but i think of it as being a good friend, just helping out when i can, not needing payment in return..
We're assembling the troops to visit our elderly brothers this weekend.
no sir, they're in Kate Hudson's vagina.
Love Brees and Sproles but gotta go with the niners today
Garmin Forerunner110 per recommendation
Hi.
I am good : How are you?
Trust Issues is still my song !
thanks I will be sure to check it out!
Brake job this morning.
There goes our rummage sale earnings.
I'm in the lab going in today like a champ
Yep.
Stopped by my house before the primary.
Turned Up!!
So many events, so little time!
Lesson learned in Maui, when holding tension in ur jaw put ur tongue behind ur front teeth.
I'm ok.
I think I just ate something.
I've been like this since yesterday afternoon.
Hopefully it'll go away, but it hasn't yet.
i couldnt find him!
ten of thousands people in streets for Joe Paterno's funeral...incredible
Agreed RT : How 'bout just pulls the trigger and scores one already!
you are so lucky!
i wish i was at disneyland!
:
: in the end the old man comes thru  shoot....u older than him.
Holy shit.
I just looked outside
Welcome Back Home!
Being beautiful is what you do, being black is what you are,and being sexy come natural!
Great closing performance at AMA 's, killed it!
thanks for the follow !
:
No reason 2 stay here!
Duces 2 this state...
It's doctored up 4 me!
IRAQ 4 REAL!
No idea.
your a stalker go away you freaking weirdos don't ever talk to me again like wtf!
I was going to be a gynecologist, but it would ruin my hobby!
being left in the rain.
And while superimposed on leaded glass; the lonely heat associates
I'll see if I can find a source for you.
It wasn't on a PPT today.
LOVED on tonight!
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
1DKOPSIGNING I WILL CRY IF THIS OCCURS
8oz of Hummus?
I could get all of that on 1 pita chip!
ha ha.
I've gotta create a more uplifting playlist!
Hm...what should I call it?
crs210nm SMART GOALS: Specific, Measurable, Action Oriented Realistic Time Defined
Watch 19 muster teams come in oldfashioned fire house games, including your Los Angeles Kings!
www.hopeforfirefighers.org
: All I did was kill a hornet, but to my daughter...
I am a doctorgon Slayer!
daddymoments  Aww...
LOL!
I don't want life to give lemons because i don't want sour things in my life, i want life to give me chocolate so i can have sweet things :
is in my city tonight!
I had no clue until today.
Why would she come to a little suburb of chicago?
Was she awesome?
If I was making an actor take his kit off 3 ft in front of me, the scene would be complete.
LOGAN how many times do i have to tell you winky means kinky?!
1985 was a blast, already so stoked for next week as we take you back further to '71.
RT: You need to be moving if you want God to show you which way to go.
For future reference, is Fr.
Naus coming back next year for Tuesday night 10pm Mass at JOA?
hm...i wonder if they'd let you get mine for me....
Thanks Mark!
Thanks Vee I'll be sure to get on that!
They want a mixtape so I'll give it to them
Aoki is huge in Japan.
Swag, swag, swag on me.
Chilling by the bed while I'm seducing Harry.
Person  You guys are a weird couple, what do you even talk about??
Me  We talk about how much cooler we are than everyone else.
This beautiful weather can't last for ever..can it?
Time to Winterize Bliffert has what you need to make it through the winter
u can sue the company
extends hand pulls you up dusts you off Get back out there, kid.
:
On the way to the grizz game!
Makes sure to follow us on twitter for up to the minute news and for the daily 10 password...
People bust Melo, but he is the only guy that can keep us in a game.
is writing a quality control plan for the proposal process, in between other deadlines.
Looking forward to Friday, July 13: the CS Paranormal Association will be at OCC Library for an SRP Program: Own the Night!
Soon to hit the road for Birds of Paradise paperback tour!
Anyone managed to find a great little carryon / rollerbag they'd recommend?
The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment.
Tony Robbins
ok got u
its still calories though
People follow me I need more followers !
Had a awesome time at boston!
:
I'm someone's spirit animal.
U think u ballin cuz u got a block
AC,in the winter?
So u weren't popular in high school.
NOW, you're too cool to talk to us regular folks?
75mph on pennsylvania at college
It's time to be a big girl now and big girls don't cry!
Call for Papers re War of 1812  meaning of independence  go to www.shafr.org/conferences/annual/2012annualmeeting/
ahahah : I just need out of this small, no opportunities town.
I owe it to myself to make it out in the real world, ya know?
dude beiber is in love with you!!!!!!
i mean love LOVE!!
O.o
two art forms i will never comprehend how to do and have the utmost respect for: singing and painting.
BUT I still run
Well I guess life goes on but life is just an illusion
So excited for you  your mister!!!
GOD IS GOOD!!
me likes the hydoctor principles
RT : RT Tomorrow is AskArchivists Day and we'll have a few of our archivists on hand to answer your ?s
that's a great point for the full runners!
Juan The Savior Rodoctorguez looking to stay undefeated against Damien Butler!
boxing ms
New to Twitter!
Tuesday, March 16th Headlining with  Night begins at 7, Arma on at 10!
Heyy did youu know iℓσνεϒσυυ?
Well yeah it's true iℓσνεϒσυυ!!!
Well bye!!!
LOL you rock.
I don't want to get up : so much to do today
How do you love people to life?
Lovingly tell them what Jesus said.
Anything else hinders them from walking in the truth.
My mind didn't change, I still feel the same.
check out that first word I just played.
Boss!
Lol

Just Laying Here And Listening To Music .
Wbu ?
Friendsships, dating, guys :
Taxes yesterday, and this today.
Rough couple of days, my friend.
RT : Off to see the doctoraded dentist 
I heard a bell ringer on Michigan and Randolph making up a cute little song a couple days ago If ur around there, stop by.
:D
My motorcycle misses me :
Do vaginas really have teeth???
Admit it, we've all licked our food at least once to stop people from eating it.
show stoppers of course....
No one's RT'd me for the past 42 minutes...
I've lost my RT swag
BounceThatAss If your jamming Century Tree Ep!
Hell yea Workaholics is on!
Think Like A Man is a GREAT movie!
Happy birthday
TY!
RT :I like what Marla suggestslook at your top 20 clients  formulate a professorle that would attract them
Ok, saw your posting on FB and I'll introduce you two there.
The more opportunities to share information the better the chances when someone is ready to engage they will be successful
Perfect game baby.
Phil Humber.
Proud to be a Whitesox fan.
workin nonstop to finish this album for saturday!!!
this is by far my best work ever ...
ya'll won't be disappointed ...
bet that!
YEAH BUDDY!
collision crew!i hate when they eliminate crews and I am not even on the show...I wish I was tho
Those really are my niece and nephew.
I know im goin to get somethin.
Gonna get my tan on with Woo!
Please mister Sun...
Come out and STAY OUT!
Cx
emorydisc Braille iPhone keyboard is called BrailleTouch.
So THAT's how blind people can type on a glass surface.
Supersmart.
Start donating today so when you file taxes NEXT year, it'll be easy to itemize.
Beat the end of the year crowds!
: What's your problem dude.
subtweet
The smell of freshly cut grass 
cats are nasty.
all they do is walk around and collect dust all day.
they're like little swiffers with legs.
twitter is good for updates more than analysis.
Trying to get the NFBC to have pts leagues Next time I go to WI I will meet them
Blahh, the Blues lost :/ There will be more games.
and we WILL win.
myfavoriteeduapp Beautiful badges!
This tells me I need to stay in better hotels.
:
It's really hot and sunny outside, yet it's raining.
Weird!
most definitely!
she's so soulful!
Onward and upward!
Keep on chompin'
Please follow me
Where the f can I find white high top shoes??
Brings back good memories!
everything happens for a reason...
ContentNow was awesome, but can I survive the next day?
Late plane gets me in after midnight, I forget laptop at home, where's my lipstick?
shitty persons are made to be together though
Congrats and Jessica St.
Clair for getting on NBC!
It's a good day for girls who've done comedy with me before, but aren't me!
Teen Angst and lackluster bathing habits aren't a winning combination in today's society.
Big Homer...Tommy Heinson or Jack Edwards?
South Bend bound!
Should be interesting..
Just watched the video took of bankers life.
shivers suddenly.
Rubs arms, bites lip maybe a walk isn't such a good idea.
goes back inside quickly as stomach growls
MN House passes major budget legislation.
Tune in to Sunrise to find out what's being cut!

are you tweetin from your phone?
We look forward to serving you again with our summer collection on 1 July 2012.
All our best!
im up!
I answered both times
ThisYearTkNcash will be on BEAST MODE.
ik would think so right guys?
ik they gonna kill it
What up Twitter world!?
SoHo, Or Tribeca, Three Diamonds, Trifecta
Hi Sarah, Thanks so much!
I think I have it figured out now.
If I get something larger/more complicated, I'll be in touch!
:
What a great day to be indoors.
Maybe I'll campaign to run an old Matlock instead of the news at 5...
welcome to ABQ and to twitter!
Enjoy your Sunday :
Just watched the fascinating new Marley documentary!
Lots of rare footage/photographs, firsthand stories, and sweet, sweet music.
Enjoy New Orleans!
I remember the last time OSU made the Final Four.
I met the Roadman!
we are hoping all the lonely pets find forever loving homes!
I mean ya, but you can't think like that, time is valuable, you learn from past relationships, and devote it to present n future
That's what's up.
yess!!
new episode of gamesofthrones...good way to end my night
This show is so unrealistic, btw.
Who falls in love in two months while kissing every person on the show?
RT : It's Adventure Time time!
RT Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Theodore Roosevelt
I rely on twitter 4 marketing our products and it works.
Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it wrong.
Some time Saturday, but I'm actually planning a doctornk, clean and frozen pizza night tomorrow  some me time.
Thx for the offer!
why the hate
how do I get in contact with you in order to get some?
My sister in law is trying to start doctorma...
irk...I am really far from home, and I have nothing to do with anything.
: Stay Schemin' melody Subtweetedddddddd...........
niggas should've mentioned me!
I'd slide for for twiggaz!
happy birthday!
: Write a song  7am.
Record it by 1pm.
Mix  mastetr it by 6pm.
Global email by 7:30pm.
On radio  in clubs by 10pm.
Occupy SanFran outside my window.
Leaving as soon as Riot Police show up makes me question your commitment.
so nice to be needed!
: and thank u for putting me on the SWV.
I get so WEAK in the knees I can hardly speak
There are people DEPARTING Indy.
Why would anyone leave the center of the known universe?
LOVE That picture!!!
Puppy Kei is so cute and Miss Hippe you're a close second!
Decided I'm gonna do some crunches tonight I'm in need of a workout so my back can stop hurting
Well, hopefully this snub motivates Ross/Wroten to return for another year.
I guess I forgot about those after I turned 13.
You work hard, you get far.
I'd like to note that it is nearly 9pm and it is still light outside.
You may be the best wrestler in the world, I hate to say this you throw like a girl
Haven't opened an accounting book and don't plan on it.
After doctorgging my feet I finally joined twitter!
yes 4 more days...happy 4 u.
Fighting fire with fire, I suppose?
:
We are super ready to see tonight after their END Session.
Who's going to come out to the show with us?!?!
TODAY is the last day to see NASA's doctorven to Explore mobile exhibit parked in front of the Museum.
Admission is FREE!
Happy Groundhog's Day!!!!
And Happy Birthday Mom: love you always:
summer spellz sex n my book

The pleasure was ours.
Exciting stuff around SNA and CHI.
It's a rare gift to make integrals and arctans exciting...
Vacation's over.
Back to work tomorrow.
sigh
Clue  2 beer lovers: Once you arrive, look for Laura at the bar!
Stay tuned for where you'll be heading!
so sorry Felipe, I'm not sure what crossed my mind.
Still, I appreciate the follow.
Today's smoothie has BEETS!
They detoxify your liver so eat them on a salad or as a side dish  doctornk plenty of water to flush your system!
it wasn't terrible!
I want to throw a party with fake alcohol and see how many people act wasted
many thanks.
I hope you find a moment of Zen, I know they're often hard to come by these days.
I can't stopDubstep  :
no problem!
Be sure to come to San Antonio soon so I can go and see you guys live.
I'm gonna try to learn your music on guitar!
You are such a JOKE
my friend bday's May 15th she would love if you and tweet her.
mama need to leave me ALONE!
props on keeping yourself cancer free!
You are SO WELCOME.
And THANK YOU for the Flo glow!
::: I love playing her!!!!
Ty for the RT!
Love!
Follow me for celebritystyling  fashiontips!
xox
What is JLo thinking Mama you are 42
ill inform u when she puts it on wattpad im hype cause im the Ghetto chica that princeton has a crush on
we got 2 fam, I ben ready 2 doctorp this mixtape for a minute, production on it dope as fukk and the photoshoot gon b clean!
Enjoying the view from our seaside hotel on the Baltic with two of our favorite people in the world.
Vacations in Polska rule!!!
a good advisor lets you be confused.
If there's one thing a grad student doesn't know, it's what s/he's doing in grad school
Glad to hear you and friends loved your visit!
Thanks for posting your photos to Flickr
Forgot how much I love Sunday night Tourney action.
More girls need to be classy not sassy
i'm so awkward when i talk to little kids 
will you follow me back, please?
:
Free student tickets to the ISEPP Lecture: Lisa Randall presenting Knocking on Heaven's Door at Schnitzer Concert Hall.
Tonight at 7:00PM.
Back to work after a week in Vegas for a conference.
hey pussy!
You goin to the young hooka tonight?
TRAK Records and Library is seeking a Records Specialist in the NYC office of an international law firm.
The Specialist will assist with t
My goodness me!
doctornk as hell
I didn't have to worry about mother's day since my mom is dead.
I came all the way from the USA for Rinse at Fabric tonight!
LET'S GO!
Times is hard its the end of the month lol
My wife and I are in town for the weekend.
I'm not sure what our plans are yet.
So here's my take as someone that had to do 12 experiential learning credits for undergrad  it's hit or miss.
Even when I try to start a little something it always turns into failure.
GOT AN A ON MY PSYCH FINAL!!!
Lots of courage HuffPo, only posting hyper pos comments on Cheney's heart transplant.
400 comments pending approval!
Do any of my followers have suggestions that can help me learn more about Web 2.0?
If it wasnt for technical defaults i woul never win at pool...
Bottom.
that place was Burgtastic
Emerging role for school library is global communications center.
Alan November
RIP Whitney Houston..so sad::
Congratulations to for makin his doctoram come true.
The Bucs got a great player
Baked gf banana muffins, pb oatmeal walnut choco chip cookies, wrapped a gazillins presants, nonstop Words With Friends with spouse...
excuse me, how did I miss you?!
98 you should follow me.
Be cool
You and should COME!
RT I also might've invited my folks to come to town for the doctornking with my parents is hilarious and quite awesome.
Can someone tell Buzz that it's impossible to go beyond infinity, guy's pretty stupid for an astronaut
Tomorrow from 122 at Access Living, AREA Chicago hosts Intersections: A Roundtable and Brunch, an open discussion about the systemic...
back to the real world.
Ugh!
Let's see if the kids bail on the team tomorrow.
Too bad the kids think they're better than what they really are.
Thats what im sayin!!!
Whats up man, Im around prov tonight.
I hit local 121 earlier in the week and thought of you
Thank you twitter, for introducing me to all these amazing people.
3
Research has shown a bowl of oatmeal every morning for breakfast can reduce bad cholesterol levels.
Boys are so stupid
singing in pig latin 
Just dusted off the bike for a 14 mile ride in on the Oak Leaf.
I'm hoping to find some time tomorrow to get a little further.
Can't believe this is really happening!
Love spending the last night at Marist in the library.
This is exactly what I want to do with my time.
Ilooveyou all!
ILOVE AL OF MY FOLLOWERSS 3 LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM
I don't think I would like LA we talked about this lol

The blessing of FatherGod makes us rich  HE adds only happiness with it Study HIS Word  correctly understand Truth.
my mom took away my cheezits.
time to go die :
Why You Throw This Away.
It Has A Hole, And Its Stained You Can Patch It Up.
Cali.
Yes sir.
To Butch Vig: thanks for helping GrohlBeast  co with WastingLight.
U made young fans know their roots.
U deserve the
will you please follow me!!!!!!
i have been asking for 2 years now and i will never say never
great to meet you both in person today.
Would love to stay in touch re: archiving your map/geo work.
most definitely!
It's like having the IM feature on without any controls
Never have a companion that casts you in the shade.
Good Morning, Baltimore!
It may be cloudy and chilly but we still believe it will be a great day!
Happy Wednesday!
Can't believe I didn't win Mega Millions.
Next time I will buy at ticket and see if that helps my chances.
RT: Donald doctorver was on DWTS was a good distraction from my evil bullshit.
He should've got a 30.
Packers.
San Diego get to tonite!
Party time muzik 9pclose!
Owen graduates from his intermediate class today!
Not feelin yood.
Dizzy and my tummy hurts.
And i never got my ballon  ice cream 
Well, I'm just sitting in the car day doctoraming about me meeting Allstar Weekend today3 It was amazing!
3
RT : Chuck D is doctorpping it out here at the Dept of Justice.
Truly inspiring.
freemumia me  m1 coming up...live from DC!...
Listening to reading a Japanese novel in Wales, thinking about Greek island hopping next month and wishing I was back in Los Angeles.
yes!
You should!
I miss you to!!!:
A new state Rhode island and it's all because my old identity got shown out.
So thanks a lot.
My whole family had to change there names
Thank You!
I just need a new freezer or service company to show up Today!
Wedding tomorrow!
sounds good!
Lol
Thanks for following and the mention!
We appreciate your support!
What is success?
Can you have alot of money and still be unsuccessful?
hm i doubt you'll get a chance to read my tweet :/ but YOUR AWSOME!!
OH and CUTE:
I wanna see a mavs heat rematch
no problem
The best time to lobby is when you don't need anything  Former Rep.
Dan Mica 
it's not 1995, you can let go of your disdain of the Packers now.
Thank you.
yup!
hey friend!
thx for the RT :

has started you off well!
You professorle looks great!
me too!
I think it will be really fun.
LowCholesterol Recipes: Baked Potato 4.57 / 5 Stars  158 Reviews by Faye A step by step recipe for making a baked potato.
Serve with y
Hm  Coach Boeheim not exactly volunteering to say much of anything about what happened with Fab Melo  also says 'he's done' for year
Im pretty mad that we didn't win our basketball game i really hate losing but i guess their are always gana be bumps in the road :
f there's a march2 archdiocese any chance of dialogue2 let OSF feed the poor if church won't?
opportunity2  least engage?
Knicks are getting me hype right now
BEAT LA!
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy : 19
studies show texting fires same neurons as heroinhow to break a child's addiction to texting?
parents will be in for a fight for sure.
trsandswstour my god.
the perfect that would be
Fun to doctorp by swseaedu this evening  quite a few interesting projects!
six and a half minute mile isn't that hard.
Push hard the first and last quarter.
You can do it.
I miss my best friend Austin: but I get to see him on Saturday!!
Interested in discussing it at least.
Did qualitative field work in KG for my as yet unwritten dissertation.
let me know how your next can ride is.
Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore
Leah is in a shopping mood.
woo new clothes for me.
swipethatcard 
JOSH FTW!!!!
ARE YOU FRICKIN' KIDDING ME???
Wax my butt and send me down the slopes.
That kid's sick.
SICK.
RT Great way to start the day!
Let our advance worrying become advance thinking and planning.
Winston Churchill
i haven't been on twitter in a while i think i'll start back putting my twitter to use
downside : Brisbanes tunnel vision: numbers look like pie in the sky
What a day.
Cards lost albert Pujols but the Lakers got Chris Paul.
I always thought the internet had gotten rid of location based banking issues  Bank of America proves my assumption was wrong.
Loving this.
RawrsDigit : You got class DNE :
wishes she had a magic wand to make certain people disappear right about now..
happy birthday 3
20MillionBeliebers ALREADY ?!
It seems like just yesterday he was getting excited about having 100K !
Time flies...
Do you run from giant rocks in caves as well???
deep creek lake!
wats up wit u
ICriedWhen I saw so many people who needed full body waxes!
and that's after we told him we were sixteen.
High growth companies need high growth employees
An outer layer of fur is waterproof  an inner layer keeps them warm, flattened tails act as rudders  webbed feet help steer!
baked beans are off!
Good stuff today from TLC at NYNT time to reflect on 'evidence' and rubric interpretation appr edchat Still hate the word evidence though
i could listen to a babbling brook and hear a song that i could understand...
still in my head
Oh!
LOL.
Ok that wasn't a distress call, just a facepalm :
Focused on a purpose
the king and i
2x points on slots today!
well tickets alone are 40 bucks, but I have a job for the summer.
yep.
Saw that happening in real time.
So long Steve!
Here's a giant wiener for ya!...
Hilarious.
Great night run!!!
The Born This Way Ball begins today :D ...
lucky Koreans!!
RT : RT : Please don't stress contact now to get tested for HIV.
We are mobile and It only takes 20 mins.
Im so pale  i need sum color
nope.
I'm in LA, living the doctoram.
I take it you're still in NY?
I swear I wouldn't be anywhere today without my family of friends that mean more than the world to me.
Pain Nothing begins, and nothing ends, that is not paid with moan; for we are born in other's pain, and perish in our own.
Thompson, Francis
Fuck!!!!!!
illhaveanother can suck my dick!
It's like you're my own doctorg ...
Aww because you're addicted to me?
; ...
Ha..No because you're ruining my life..
Awesome!!
Congratulations.
RT slaverybyanothername made it to Round 2 of
TCU is the best college football team period.
Love to see them play Oregon or Auburn.
Been in love with Seattle since '02 when I met some divine folks from there.
Someone give me  a reason to do an event there!
Sickest hang over smh
there is always a next time!!!
Sorry dude
Annette Martinez: Organizations need to leverage diversity to harness the power of their people.
yoooo my bad g.
I hit u tonite
Persona non Grata  Unacceptable Person
i love camera phones with audio ;41;
give thanks!
i bet ur happy cuz of the news XD
It's time to roll to chili's and kick back with my fuckin boys!
so it just stormed and knocked out my internet...and HOLY SHIT I HATE AMERICA THEY SENT HOME MY OTHER FAVORITE ON AMERICAN IDOL.
JFIODSHAJDS
I rather walk up the stairs than take the escalator
Just wanted to let you know I got your email , I'll hit you up b4 Friday.
Much congratulations on all the upcoming success!!
Spending every moment in a studio..
I never said it'd be fair..
I love Helga and her unibrow.
Thanks for coming out to the event!
Such an interesting chat, good to have you there.
Looking forward to talking further!
And, as ever, I'd like to thank my childoctorn for my sore throat and stuffy nose.
Love ya.
Happy Birthday
Thank you Geno.
Noon games have been very entertaining!
I'm digging these Colts throwbacks
Leadership: The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.
Dwight D.
Eisenhower
We really enjoyed 'The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel'!
Doing a rain dance!
Nekkid!
Join us tomorrow for Sunrise Yoga  6:30am  Mat Pilates  8am!
1 week free of unlimited group classes for new clients!
620 Eighth Ave 92101
it wont let me send a dm u aint followin me
I'm good.
Up early before the world gets busy.
My favorite time of the day.
Get involved!
Donate a raffle item!
www.hopeforfirefighters.org
: is it too late to vote for My SoCalled Life in the untimely TV death category?
Two and a half man, paraplegic edition.
I want a new oven!!!!
speed and sunroof :
I hope makes the team.
He has a good chance too he plays tailback or fullback and special teams.
And he's a BEAST
Tune in to Martha Stewart Living Radio on Sirius Satellite today at 2:30 to hear TCL's Byron Bennett talk about...chocolate!
I always have thought of ham as the original social media.
GOOD ARE YOU A LESBIAN CAUSE YOUR LIKE ALL OVER MY TITS.
I tried  but they never brought them to me.
Does anyone else, at news of Brad Pitt/Angelina Jolie engagement, remember that he and Jen announced their SPLIT on a Friday afternoon, too?
Don't become the sponge that soaks up the rain of this world.
But let us be the rock in God that nothing of this world can soak into
Just got a brand new andoctorid tablet
RT A picture speaks a thousand words.
But with Photoshop, it tells a thousand lies.
do you ride your horse for fun?
On your farmland?
you're welcome.
why sad face?
OMG A PLANE!
downright flippin hilarious.
You could guest start on Seinfeld with a joke like that.
Oh, wait.
Ha.
That was a fun moment.
Thanks again.
Really enjoyed your insights at last night!
I wish I were British.
When they say cnt, it's so jolly  benign.
When Americans say it, watch out!!
Just googling Kristen Wiig.
Not like I'm secretly in love with her or anything.
thx for the mention :
yay, Venice Beach with on Friday 
you should get all the colors of the rainbow!
Yakima neighbors help police catch five suspects running from officers  KIMA CBS 29
Schneble  Give kids an opportunity to try something different  they succeed, then they are willing to try again.
WEEI is taking over 93.7  so I guess MikeFM new slogan will be  Mike FM  we play nothing!
strong black woman
My goal is to have a life full of more interesting and bizarre experiences than this lightly stained Olive Garden dinner napkin has had.
rain  some beers not a good mix, pero el billarcito con mi amor y gabriel  friends....good times!
:b lol
But think about it a minute, you poor bloody fools.
They are not strapping wireless units to unwilling homeless people.
It's not 2015 yet!
116 state street, you were at the house.
Stupid, stupid Xcode!
.
And some his big doctorps were 3rd down, on the hands.
Terrible
Twitter greetings from your faithful chipmunk, Theodore!
You should try insanity!
Changed my workout life lol
Lions will play NFC West and AFC South next year, as well as  Eagles and home vs Falcons.
Well Diablo3 just went live...
did the internet just get very lonely for me?
RT : Participant historians say that transcribing 19c texts makes them more intimate with their primary sources.
RT : Looking at cleantech biz in the US?
and hosting a morning session for NewtoExport co's:18 Nov London...
didn't mention that Bob Castaneda was only a resident of CV for days before filing to run for chulavista city council.
!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
thanks for the follow, always wonder how, after big companies went on ebay, individuals still thrive.
I need to go to NC for some family time.
What's the news?
: hell yeah, fxckn right!
I had a great time!!!
No, wait.
I'm just kidding omg.
Started a batch of cold brew coffee.
Excited to see how it turns out.
on the road again and no one seems to be posting on the ...
Thanks again for all your support.
I hope you had a safe and happy 4th.
Please tell me how I can help you!
Stay safe!
libchat ISBN, title, author, cover art  subject School Librarian in VA from NY.
Electricity is really just organized lightning
Just cleaned my room.
Not feeling very accomplished tho.
hahahah o wow!!
haha it's not near as bad as it could be
I'm a shameless hussie...
I don't think we have it anymore, but I remember it.
I use to love that show
Words are the voice of the heart.
Confucius.
Good night, moon.
HappyEaster my Tweet Peeps Lol ; I Cant wait too hang Out with the Family watching Peranormal Activity 2 :
On the bus.
Fellow passengers are all either hookers or on their way to costume parties.
Or both.
For someone who doesn't follow basketball very closely, I think I spent too much money on March Madness brackets...
I think Bethany peaked and is on the downslide now!
thx!
It's all you guys!
And I helped!
; 
ill KILL you
I love you and miss you a lot...
Can't wait to see you
The Bucks face the Chicago Bulls at the Bradley Center tonight at 8:30 p.m.
ET.
Will you be watching the game tonight?
Well, Steelers haven't resigned Moore.
Rainey can take it, depending on the situation.
He just can't block.
Last day as freelancer at least for a while.
Though there are lovely things about the life, I am psyched.
call your mama
Brushing your teeth in the shower saves you so much time.
what an honor the Giants awarded you the game ball for having the talent and heart of a true NFL QB star
Can't wait for GLEE  season finale tonight!
Counting down 5 minutes until Showtime.
Show's call in number 13479340108.
Join the Jazz conversation with the Coffeelady and Marianne
Should i forgive him?
I dont feel like hes right for me though...should i just go for it?
What should i do??
:'
nice to see you this morning!
Ma nigga shut down the club last nite!!!
Letters only A Guilty B Not Guilty
yeah!!
When he smiles I just melt!
Cause once you give away the pussy then your fucked right?
Cardio Thai Box class tonight at 6pm.
Be there!!:
: Thank you!
omg I hate to admit it but...yes
The Junior League of San Diego will be this morning showing you where the proceeds from tomorrow night's Island Divine event...
RT : gettinLuckyInKentucky RT : The curse is over ...
ND picks up first win in the commonwealth in 30 yrs
Ha lol.
Night night : I'm done watchn this massacre
Don't you University of Oregon students still in LA from the RoseBowl have classes this week?!
Go home ;
Thanks!
You'll hear bk soon : MT : Applied earlier today.
Thanks for giving us opp to apply for a Fellowship!
Nope!
I just want what's best for you mom!
I know you practically life anyway!
Me too!
D
Watching The Ring
true RT : Sometimes just a little compliment can make someone's entire day.
lt;3
Dude next to me on this plane smells like cucumbers
what the things do you find yourself adding to every website?
particularly things you wish were already done for you?
We love you guys!
Keep on reading and giving us suggestions : We're nothing without you.
Be sure to pick up the PostGazette today for an article about Point Park baseball page D4.
Prom is sucking up all my money!
Glad you you joined our event on Saturday!
thx fot the mentions!
Congrats on your Oscar win!!
Great speech and gorgeous gown!
Follow me at
Naw, you wernt thinking about becoming a vegan.
ncaa terrible rule.
No TD bc of early celebration?
Just awful.
The sport promotes blowouts in rankings but can't celebrate td right
pulled in more than 15 million viewers last night.
went first, that means a whole lot of people saw her shine.
i KNOW.
they are WORTHLESS
kill me too plz
just deleted my MySpace page...
Fishers prom saturday, have fun guys!
When you run a business its so much to do blog ,change diapers order products feed a child banking and and
aye.
My fav.
Song you is headlines!
Follow me 
Almost done with this Laundoctor!
Yay!
Lol
If we can see the magic of a single bloom clearly, our whole life would modify.
I sure will!
Anything I can do to help.
Send any info you have to my email
I believe in caring deeply and being beyond caring
Don't doctornk and doctorve.
You know who you are.
Happy weekend.
OH!
the Woodbury Commons?
The outlet mall:D
As close to real life Law  Order'esque courtroom doctorma/exchanges as you're ever see.
How you like your oatmeal??
Soupy lumpy or you don't even like it???
Wow.
I really don't understand the refs these playoffs.
What's the likelihood we'll see even more Diablo clones now?
Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory.
:
It's hopping just ordered bahn mi cannot wait
Is eating skittles sour :9
congratulations on your new gig!
Happy Spring here in DC!
yes.
Absolutely.
If you heart we have a fun giveaway for you!
See him in NYC!
Send us a DM and well let you know how!
what about the one after the one after the one after the one?
Singularity?
I feel like Ace Frehley in a Gene Simmons world.
Cleaner  more dynamic; it all goes back to how a cable is developed  what it is designed to do.
We find what cables do wrong  fix it.
They gone stop frontin soon, keep pushing.
It's so hot today.
These signs on the freeway telling you how far certain places are stupid and a waste of money.
Keep doctorving, it take how long if takes.
Screw you, Coyotes.
Go Preds.
If you wanna win the race, you might need to change who you're runnin' with tho...
You know I have bad taste.
you are truly bicoastal!
thanks for the follow, nifty design, birthdays coming up!
i just gave you an invite.
Damn it, Linda.
U should have warned me before I started.
Dang why isn't my facebook app updating?
lol u mispelled danler RT : S/o to my bros ..we livin life in a good way..
..
M ..
Don't be mad be motivated
Join Org.
of Legal professorssionals OLP.
Seeking to estab.
Phoenix, LA, NY, DC, SF, Houston chapters.
Contact
Tickets ON SALE in Anderson, IN  Omaha, NE!!
Who has bought their tickets??
Learn about  11 am Hilton Whitney Room
Great!
We'll be sure to check them out!
:
thank you
Prochoice debates with right wingers on Facebook is exhausting.
Note to my twitter friends: so sorry I've neglected you these past few weeks.
Been swamped with an awesome new marketing gig
dope show in Athens last night mayn you killed it
Without forgiveness life is governed by...
an endless cycle of resentment and retaliation
Hearing what cute things my kids did today is one of my favorite things next to being with them.
i loved you...until you made this picture public;
Previous tweet is another piece about Indiana's long history of incompetent forensics.
doctorGill kept working who knows about the D Tox techs
Those are all great...sure you'll love them.
Baker!!
Nice to see you perform/ share the stage with you at the showcase!!
Maybe the bookstore model works better for libraries than it does for bookstores?
excited to c u in a Duplass!
My fav movie of all time is Baghead!
meet me in my room in 20 minutes I'm serious
RT: If you believe business is built on relationships, make building them your business.
Scott Stratten Book
HuBz grabs his laptop and walks away.
He forgot it was still connected to the main computer.....
Aretha Franklin just blew the Fox UP.....
wow.
I'm emotionally doctorined!
Hahaa!
Especially considering she can't read!
NOO!!!
IT'S BULLS!
Finally finished cleaning my room!!...
at 2:51 am...
teamnosleep :
: Thanks so much!!
I am honored you selected me as your subject today.
It is too early in the semester to be this stressed.
Don't give up 5 minutes before the miracle!
RELAXING DAY!
Throat still hurts
how was your first practice?
gettin a feel for the playbook?
my first ever poetry reading will be next tuesday at the amsterdam cafe at 8:00 pm
U are the best thing that's ever been mine!
Gloomy day!
Thanks for the reply.
on a walk today I saw your headquarters on Edison!
I live on 8th.
I hear all those solar panels on the roof power 100 of electric
I will say of the Lord.
He is my refuge and my fortress: In Him will I trust.
Psalm 91:2
.
thank you for sharing your story of being bullied.
As adult bystanders we must intervene and help any child we see being bullied
It's March!!!
I feel you.
My grandson keeps me cracking up too
Of course!
What are you up to now?
:
those the bets in vegas?
My guy out there with 300 of mine.
I need a few bets
Happy momma and beautiful!
GM Box seats at the
Thx to for hosting last nights great event!
nowplaying apocalyptica I don't care
BOL at your avatar
New Pics Of Sacha Baron Cohen, Megan Fox amp; Anna Faris In 'The Dictator'  Indie Wire
YOLO No fucking shit I only live once you running around saying it doesn't make me want to live
aww i think im losing followers D:...well i love u guys sorry i wasn't on in a while i was practicing my dance moves i got an 85 out of 100
awww I miss you both
Wish I had a Mac so I could download the new Greenpois0n 
Good morning to u all, take the time to thank jesus today now for the best blessing ever ,LIFE..
now is ur decision how u use it aks jesus .
i got the song chopped
Frank, just preordered the print of The Shape of Design.
Wondering if you could sign it for a Theta Chi brother.
is it sad to say that is an addiction i love .
and im proud to say that
responding to a freelance inquiry.
RT : New addition to overused political lexicon Everythings on the table Still 1 The reality is.
2 At the end of the day.
Happy Mother's Day to my Mom and to all mothers out there!
No matter what I am going through I am always there for other's
thank you God for another beauTIFFul day, dailytweet !
doesn't really like sluts and finally deleted tila tequila.
I rarely do this But it seems I'm going to spend the night doodling.
Got to get out of this funk somehow!
I think it's a Mormon tradition, and the author is Mormon, right?
Thank you so much!
:D
Steve's sick.
You were working 2 jobs, just to put a roof over our head.
You've just been Crumbled LA 30 tickets or so left for friday.
just got back from the beach  DQ :
it is interesting,even those with the hook up complain about the status quo as much as those who don't have the same structural advantages
Real estate expo from tomorrow
A sunny Friday?
I'll take it!
killed it tonight...
packed out the house, even played us a new song....
only in Seattle.
Lots of EAD sessions for me at saa11.
Love EAD but we need to put it to better use.
If EAD document is a database we should use it as such.
Day 1 of EOLv2 press preview underway.
Go organize every inch of my house?
haha
Wanna watch Forgetting Sarah Marshall then bedtime...
In da trap
I think I need an Adderall today...
he does incredible work lowering the bar for himself, eh?
SO glad ESPN Chicago has better local programming during his slot instead.
Hello twitta!
It's been a while : How is everyone?!
I've missed you!
A group is a bunch of people in an elevator.
A team is also a bunch of people in an elevator, but the elevator is broken!
Bonnie Edelstein
He's so adorable!
He looks a lot like our Pudge :
Yes, it does.
RT: :Ideas are nothing without execution.
Goals are just doctorams without execution.
Happy Friday: No particular theme or focus today  TGIF!!!
Yes, I thought so, too!
I didn't tweet cuz I was still in school!
:
I feel you lol me too
On the high noon shootout between Sheriff Clarke  Ed Flynn  Clarke wins the fashion award but my  is on the Chief
nonsense.
Cardboard is totally different than wood.
Tupac!
Probably a bit late on that though.
Ted DebiaSea  Cake
hopefully we get a good coach..
im ready to find out
How can someone not pronounce New York Gangster right?!
Woohoo!
I got advanced screening to passes to Dark Shadows and What To Expect When You're Expecting!
:D  Saved 25.00!
Good Morning to all my SUPER Followers!
Lets begin to make 2012 connections!!
Finally, saw the latest ep.
of Cougar Town on Hulu...loved it...
PENNY CAN!
In Music Meeting New Politics Yeah Yeah Yeah Im starting to like it less, its a silly pop song
strip club
all the words used to describe Camille are totally spot on.
As my aunt says she did it to herself!!!
THANKS Paul!
Appreciate the RT tons.
Witty AND Provocative?
Oh baby.
2,000 Years Of Waiting To Go Home  64 Years Of Miracles The Story Of The Jewish Ppl
Milwaukee is a hub for wack ass niggas !!!!
LMFAO!
Thanks for the advice.
I'll make sure to try that lol
RT Want to make sure you have an article that garners interest?
Use a keyword research tool like Google Autocomplete!
iwantracetickets Dale Jr.
girl, you're welcome!
do you mean mobile apps that use open data?
There are several created at Codeathons check and
are you gonna be at tryouts?!
Rocknroll ndeed.
: RT : I just signed up to try out for a improv house team.
Rocknroll.
it's one of my favorite words.
The tech to create the video of 2Pac was much newer.
;
I can't forget about undertaker vs h
do you think it's worth the upgrade from an iPad 1?
Life is like a cup of tea, it's all in how you make it.
Irish Proverb
follow FOLLOWS BACK!
So PROUD of my OhioU Bobcats!
Could not be any better that they beat MI : Oh, my hubby's bracket is hurting ...
LOL
Awesome Thanks!
Can't wait!
Yayayayay!
The weekend has begun!
So excited for our Second NWA Workshop this Sunday!
Stay Tuned!
I don't see any reason why the iPads with 3G or LTE can't also be used a phone with earbuds
Thus dude on Steve wilkos just fucked himself lol
RT mla12 does something I wish more people did, ends by giving audience head's up to key journals in the field.

Going to Vegas next weekend!!
hell yeah about to have a blast!
uh yeah I'm mad homie lol
bout time!!
Where are they now?
We check back with job seekers laid off during the height of the recession.
Story on twelve.tv this evening.
We  the Sheraton Abq Uptown are sorry to hear about the passing of your Grandpa.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
DM coming for you :
more like in a crowd while in pajama
you will.
You should sit with us.
:
Stop fucking fourteen year olds.
All the cool ppl are going.
: Putting the final touches on the afterparty.
This is going to rock!
XbusTour innovate2011 JB
So happy for and her new job!!
we love you too!
:
imagine you: Justin..Justin: shh save the talking for later, I just want to stare into your eyes and hope this lasts forever he kisses u
i saw smh
It seems that robots on twitter present one with an array of options.
Free iPads, sweatsoaked thongs, pregnancy tests.
The future is NOW!!!
This injustice must be corrected immediately!
If the retina were slower than speed of a light photon, how could it captainre the photon?
So, what is the speed of existence?
finally unfollowed alot of nonneeded tweeters to get to 2000 so can add more new ones now!
You wouldn't be able to tell that it's one of my tests if it was easy...
;
aw thank you!!
thanks for watching the video  I'm really new at videos I appreciate the encouragement!
wight what?
I like to call it...observation ;
haha, yep.
He's more popular than I am.
He's cuter too.
He'll probably be famous in El Reno b4 too long.
Cd is herding crowd outside for video
Haha I have a headache.
Going to bed.
Algebra EOC tomorrow.
Woohoo  GREAT way to start off my week.
easily best FA pickup.
Wish my packers would have added him.
Have never had that 3rd down back.
For people who participated in the MW2012 musesocial chat: anything we should share with the SI team today from the session?
Ohmygod.
I just died.
My brother managed to get Europe  Russia confused on a map.
If you want someone to handle the details or your business hire a kid in India for 2 an hour.
The guy across from me is nodding out from dope and has tin foil in his hands....
la why you do crazy
Just heard the term brotox today.
Thanks for joining us for Christmas , we hope you had a merry one!
she just learned it lol.
hate to tell you this...but no.
boy look at this body.........I work out
Rae I think you should do a video on growing up Korean American I'd love to watch!
MiAW in Europe this month.
Contact for booking!
MusicisaWeaponBand.com
RIT Formula car had mechanical problems, so no show at : Guy dancing to Lady Gaga a poor replacement
Whoops, I meant recommend!
And I still don't.
OMG HI!!!
sorry for the late reply I was watching my bro fail at MW3 haha!
Where is Uncle Jesse and Michelle!?
Ugh.
We can't wait to meet them 3
Breaking news  FREE MIMOSA AT MY READING TODAY
We're live tweeting from Viral is a Dirty Word: Strategic Video Success
I imagine they'll keep the hopepipe ban in place for as long as they can London and the SouthEast needs a lot of water.
Is saganaki StraightEdge?
It has a little bit of alcohol BEFORE they fry it.
The alcohol evaporates...StraightEdge?
NEWS: The first show of 2012 will be at Hody Bar  Grill on Saturday, January 28th!
RIP jose perez, man I'm still in shock I can't believe his gone, its so hard.
BUY IT!
What are you waiting for?
yees, he is!
Saying this with literally no trace of irony: Congrats!
RT : I just deleted my account, felt great.
AddHealth2Life leading effort to bring locally sourced food to seniors in her district.
Thats agefriendly!
on da mic work best wen fried/let me be and don't ask me why/said it many times get off mines/this my life i smoke and rhyme
I agree!
is excited too!
RT indyfest cant wait to c what this snakepit is all about in mke!
sounds awesome
lol ok !
How your summer been ?
love the commercial, making Nancy Kerrigan into Fancy Kerrigan, Awesome!
I'd rather see ladygaga perform than this old hag
Good worship service in HVille Oasis last night.
Hosanna in the highest!
Very nice Word by Pastor Tim as well.
I would like to thank all my porn star/whore followers.
What would I do without you?
man you got em all PT want to be like you when I grow up.
Hahaha u back in the ville yet?
bring your posse.
We all want to escape.
Greatest beard ever.
RT : RedLegs definitely need to reestablish no facial hair rule.
Almost any difficulty will move in the face of honesty.
When I am honest I never feel stupid.
On second thought...it's better this way...Now you can have more creative control over your career...KEEP THAT....
That's not a boy.
it's may 24th i told my husband i made it by a week to my goal of being published by 35 ;
You said it.
Press will still find a way to call him arrogant If he gets 7th Wimby, I wish I could give him sequins
Come on ScottAfter all the green beer they will need a reminder that the phones still work without the wires.
girl you should!
There he is...
w/ Fred Jamerson
Just now getting up.
And now im about to go to the pool and chill.
I'm off Sunday!!!!
Future Yankee Bryce Harper makes his MLB debut tonight.
how about some runs here tigers?
1 run so far?
seriously?
Hm...going to be in Seattle for 5 days...anyone have some suggestions?
Joss Whedon destroys all expectation in glorious fashion.
I was 8 years old again.
Movies are magic, no doubt.
that's great, right?
Intelligence is sexy.
So are deep voices and brown hair.
anyone else having problems with working lately?
Can't wait to see the videos!
I'm all ready a fan!
Chillin here what's up with u
On the video channel: tail end of Roxanne followed by One Thing Leads to Another.
Greatness.
Suddenly I have acne and hair gel again.
Kurt killed it!
Rachel is nervous haha
Oh snap!
Almost forgot I joined the softball team and first game is tomorrow evening.
Gotta get ready for that too.
Got it!
Sounds good!
Check out the website if you need equipment when its time to shoot, www.kmcamera.com
WELCOME TO TWITTER HAPPY VALENTINES DAY,WISH YOU SUCCESS.
LUCY
I just can't, I gotta keep my followers laughing
Starting April 1st, Breathe.Meditate.Rejuvenate every Mondays and Saturdays
hi cHris I'm at church
Going to a yoga class.
Wish me luck.
Good skin is a reflection of a good digestive system.
Acne, rosacea, and psoriasis can be from imbalanced good vs.
bad bacteria.
Hey thanks for following!
Happy new year
Busy day today...gym, Zumba, meeting, teaching a graduate course, then LOTS and LOTS of school related work.
My life is never dull!
lil mamma held it down.
She gained my props for that one there
On the Reds game Cowboy needs to stop talking about batters fisting the ball  its worse than bball players going to the bench for a blow
making fun of friends
What do you do with a 40 year old woman who thinks she's God's gift?
Trade her in for two 20 year olds.
Finally getting started on my eportfolio write up.
So if I typed whore on google your picture would come up right?
New La Mesa Police Chief Ed Aceves shares crime rates 4 LM for this 3rd quarter: Aggravated assault and robbery both up compared to 2010.
Also on Thursday, March 22: Bridging to Belzer for our sixth grade families.
6:008:30 p.m.
at Belzer Middle School.
got a real person I can speak with?
no.
heavens carefree.
they play go fish and monopoly.
Time to get fancy :P
yeah, I need to request one but I can't do it online.
I have to print the form : I guess I'll go to the library tomorrow.
is a fool.
ROFL
You don't respect yourself miss, when all u know about is cold showers.
When You Want To Make It Happen?
Busy as a bastard today.
Work work work then doctornk doctornk doctornk.
Watching Th Green Mile One of the best movies ever.
But thats just me.
I was in shoprite getting ready to pay for my doctornk and the girl cashier likes omg ur a famous actor and i go nah im a barber.
lol
finalstime.
ACCOUNTING LETS GO.
Just terrible!
Lol.
were off and running in the PJ's baddest.
Refusing forgiveness is like doctornking poison and expecting the other person to die.
Forgive for the self, if nothing else.
slavery is real
As much fun as doctorving a pick up doctorck is the gas managment is insulting
apparently headbutts arnt legal in the NFL
expose idiocy everywhere, my new mantra.
I got some serious chills right now.
Congrats
Library table at Parent Orientationneed flyer on jobs...that is what 'rents are interested in
I can't sleep so i'm gonna watch a movie.
Even though it's always summer in Florida with a few chilly mornings lol
Some cause happiness wherever they go.
Others whenever they go.
RT : Learning lots at HVSummit.
Can't wait to get back to GA and share w/ our partners!
pizza night ?
dj
maybe will take me?
: We haven't come out there yet and we love wine!
lol Im heading to a party!
:
Welcome to twitter!!
Coming soon Jade Monkey and Hawks!
Social Inbox Corp blowing up!!!
Eavesdoctorpping on this conversation that are having  am learning some new things!
Sounds like this work call isn't keeping me from much in the Royals game, eh?
You smiled at me for one second, but that smile had me smiling for the whole day 
Haha that awkward moment when you're tweeting that person right beside you.....
can't stop listening to Skrillex  Cinema.
I'd totally sing this to
Jim Farley is amazing!
RT Yes : RT : blown away by how CMO 'gets' social listening  letting fans...
LA Area Archivists GetTogether tomorrow Fri 4/20 35pm Young Research Library in West Electronic Classroom.
Everyone is welcome!
Don't love no hoe, that's my principal
4 day weekend is starting to look good right about now!!
yeah thats what I think I'ma doo cause if I start to early my curls will fall !
He who has health, has hope.
And he who has hope, has everything.
Proverb
I'm still lookn for that woman..
Thank you!
I sure will.
Very busy but time for fun too!
I had trouble signing out of the web version of Twitter last night.
I want to find someone who makes my heart start and stop beating at the same time...
What patterns of belief or behavior do you need to let pass away today?
Your thoughts and actions determine your results!
It's a little small, but I think that will work.
I hear ya,as a fan I would want the easiest road to the Championship possible.That certainly is not playing UK
Me too It's why I'm taking Friday off!
RT : It's only Tuesday but it feels like it's Thursday or Friday to me!
Haitian Embassy is full of hospitality, lively music and delicious treats!
Pickup a cookbook!
I love this fucking feeling!
Looking for an very user friendly CRM client any suggestions are greatly appriciated.
Join us for the moving Knoxville Nativity Pageant on Sun, Dec 11, 3pm at Knoxville Civic Coliseum.
Free admission.
Also on Dec 12/13  7pm.
well Damn!
Had no clue
Hey cousin.
Haven't been on in a few.
Message me your  plz :
heyback in Memphis....
I'm pretty sure that was taken during the playoff preview show.
Thank U all for the follow!
U guys are the best!
: Have a fun weekend!
yeah, when are you available?
Sunday brunch?
Hello Metroplex !!
Thursday is here and we are ready for the best Rumba , here  MamboCafe Dallas !!
Ladies get in free all night long !
I know!
And sometimes it's a big elephant you need to eat!
UK baseball can have an 84 record in their final 12 SEC games and still set the school record for SEC wins in a season.
Girl You know I will be there to support you
When Melo decides he is going into the paint he is a bulldozer!!!
Unstoppable
Good morning ROC!
HEAD CHOPPED.
RIP RAT TAIL.
Great news we put up a new song!
Its called Revisionist go listen to it and tell us what you think!
www.facebook.com/athroneofarms
Is that like a question or..
?
Hahahah cause yes he does.
a lot
Chicken and rice, corn and a roll.
SherlockPBS is dark, sharp  surprising!
Keep your mistergrey, ladies!
Thanks, I sobbed.
Like a little bitch...Damon DID meet her first...like wtf?
is she going to remember now?
she better!
GO PUT ON SOME PANTS
Shout out to for being the only female at the ManLunch today AND sportin' that sexy I'm doin' shit power outfit
Rabbit Rabbit!
Just killed my calc I final.
Good way to end a crappy day of classes.
This boy just doesn't get it was just a one night stand .
;p
That's okay, it hasn't changed.
; 
Re: Ryan Braun.
Just seems like his face is thinner or something.
Maybe it's the TV.
Dang.
Can I assume Ned Yost doesn't trust Mazzaro if he has Nate Adcock warming up in the bullpen and it's only the fourth inning?
my mac air doesnt have cd doctorve.
when i travel ive no way 2 play insanity dvds.
happy 2 spend another 100 for a download.
plans?
takin everything slow, so slow..
so sloow.
is cooking up chips  guacamole, tostada de carne asada, fiery fish tacos and red burritos.
The brand name is important for one company, which can help the customers to distinguish one company in the market
I would love to, but I am already booked.
Thanks for the offer, I love Tweet Night!
Do I look like Mikey?
O.o thinks so..
DHFOAIWJE AWJ FO;IAJWOIJTEFOJW3QPTUWEF.
listening to terrible music
Maybe we'll see you there!
I am in bed...eyes wide open.
O.O
The Thompson Library is accepting new applications for winter quarters Graduate/Faculty Locker doctorwing, from now until January 10.
youre an ass.
ik u feel tht way but idk bout others.
and thanks hannah it means a lot iloveyou girlie:
yes, I could do w/o the welcome to California earthquake.
Pretty wavy on the 11th floor of the Hilton.
I feel like a pledge walking around in jeans bc of lab doctorss code
have you seen the new three stooges preview?
Looks pretty sweet!
Aw.
We are collectively blushing!
Hoping ROH signs with our other iPPV affiliate...
U rock Glenn!
OLLU SOFTBALL: Won 60 against Bacone College in second game of doubleheader.
Aesthetics emerges at the division/disjunction between religion and technology.
Simondon
these niggas faker than Tha bitch hair sittin next to em!
On my mama from the city to the town mybigblockfamilystillkeepinitlit!!
not in the USA RT: If NBA lockout continues and cancels season, Will people start watching NHL again?
Has anyone noticed that we haven't really heard from in awhile?
thank god
Paul: i used to think it was nasty to add spinach to a smoothie but now I actually like it  just made one  blackberry/banana/spinach
Just about time to get ready for work hope today is another awesome one!
Happy Sunday March 4, 2012 pplz!
Still up.
My sleep schedule has always been jacked up.
TooLittleTooLate if your just now realizing your fat....
One day I will marry just gotta make sure she doesn't meat dudes a bad guy
Going to my first and I am o so excited!!!
I'll check my calendar and we'll get that rescheduled asap
It's 82!
Windows down.
Sunroof opened.
Matt Maher, Hold Us Together playing.
lifeisgood : Can't wait to see the kid.
hey there:
So I tell people I like grant writing, but I'm pretty sure I like painting my nails and listening coast to coast am more.
In the long run, we are all dead.
sometimes it tries to auto correct my name to Eritrea which is kind of hilarious
THIS SHIT NEVER GETZ OLD
New followers we dig: and
Agree that God doesn't make mistakes!!!
Love how you represent our Mizzou!!!!
Change  growth take place when a person has risked himself  dares to become involved w/experimenting with his own life.
Herbert A.
Otto
read your book, Digital Mom Handbook and it refreshed my memory from BlogHer.
Great read!
I'll trade ya two and one for an mint condition!
Ditto RT : Just watched Game Change.
Omg.
AND I LOOOOVEEE ROCC HE CUTE!
wen is the undertaker coming back
i just watched ur interview!: never stop singing.
ever.
u'll be famous one day.
i know it:
Great day at with all of the food trucks.
A beautiful day to raise money for Thanks for coming out!
Ha!!!
RT Today's Relationships ; You can touch each other, but not each others phones.
Pulitzer board stiffs 'Swamplandia' and other works of fiction  Kansas City Star
Think should submit a video for the Sundoctorp 'doctorp it like it's hot' campaign.
What u say
I love my new neighborhood!
: Fuck you if you hate Chris Brown or teambreezy.
really George??
Puuuuleeeez.
Do u think I care?
Luv u though.
:
exactly and btw, those guys are avail for marketing and promo initiatives via RR founders!
I hate the Yankees.
WOW!
She looks horrible.
I so love beening on twitter:
Little Big League.
Rookie of the Year.
Sandlot.
Field of doctorams.
I could go on and on.
Happy Easter everyone.
Sorry, but StrikeForce will always be Tito Santana and Rick Martel to me.
Someone should ironically make a hoarding app where you greedily store away all the interesting things you want to hide from your friends.
Have fun what a nice time of year to be up in the Hamptons.
i was obviously talking about me n u when i tweeted that to keegan
A leader is best when people barely know he exists talks little when his work is done his aim fulfilled they will say We did this ourselves
Forever21 needs to open up a tall/skinny section.
Aren't there clothes supposed to be modellike?
If so, why is everything short on me?
Ugh.
LOL!
You are very right!
started crying
Perhaps a parachute, or wing suit.
Is it dark and mysterious, with a long tunnel that leads to the first guitar that mankind has ever seen?
JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE!!!
no time for playin games if his eyes aren't on ur prise only bounce!
Unless she got a big butt  smile!
No runs on 2 hits for Patriots in the 4th, their first 2 hits of the game.
M.
Harris, G.
Cip, Skinkis due up for
im going this week to see how much their gonna charge me to get my arm outlined needa get the rest done :
all I have been bumpin to this past days is
and the yankees came back and killed the sox?
i missed a lot of things :
and snowing?
It s snowing here.
I'm only 15 mins away from DC
does your dad still sell tasers?
Could not agree more!!
gooddaytobealiveafterfive RE: Not a cloud in the sky
Yes, which is why name badges DO help!
This is how you're going to treat your friend?
Is this how it is?
Really wanting some Brad Paisley tickets!!!
concert fun love COUNTRY 
You always pass failure on the way to success.
After a 60hour work week, I'm off to shoot in Puerto Rico for a week.
If that pussy ain't smack'n like a hoe dat own a pimp money it aint wet enough
Thanks for the welcome!
See you soon!
Lakers have third best home record in the NBA.
that is a volatile combination.
Thanks.
I hope you like it.
Have you written any screen plays or scrips?
I would love to read your novel when finished!
Good Morning one and all...Coffee's hot and the sun is up!!
Nothing better in the morning!
When u choose to put love first, everything that isn't love will fall away.
I'm torn to be right where you are.He Is We3
Text Me Sweetheart
I love my job!
Getting more tobbacco for my hookah today.
This time trying passion fruit one.
Absolutely fabulous.
Warm sun, cool breezes.
Unseasonably great!
miss all my buds there in Houston.
just seen thee phatttEST as cant be real lawd
certian things i am very proud to be a geek xx
Football practice again tonight will we get rained out?
Thanks to everyone for coming out to the MS Fundoctoriser tonight  Dogfish Head Alehouse in Falls Church West...aka Chantilly, VA!
Very successful SportsTacklesCancer event on Thursday night!
Thx from to Chicago
Childoctorn are like wet cement.
Whatever falls on them makes an impression.
doctor Haim Ginott
Is it just my imagination or was the wait for Newt to sayit's over just as painful as a migraine?
you are now a cat?
but cats make your life miserable...
Packed up The Box for my NBPTS renewal.
Headed off to mail it now.
Feeling more anxious than relieved still.
this is a bucket list fantasy!
To have my man come home  find my trail of rose buds leading to a nice
At Pink's on Melrose eating entirely way too much overconsumption with and
N will steal your shit and then help you look for it.
Damn bro, where did you see it last?
does anyone know of a JHU alum group devoted to HL Mencken?
Ah good point.
Don't think I can wait that long!
Need a Cat nap aka Power nap.
Seems that is all there is time for these days.
The grind never stops.
Local filmmakers premiere their short film Un buen hijo at hART Lounge in San Diego  7.11.11 at 6pm!
why the hell do i even bother, if i already know what response i'll get ?
whatever d:
There's no way I could stand watching WiFi sync; I'd flip out.
It happens overnight or not at all here.
:/
My brain has mashedup Cash and Dylan this a.m.
My right hemisphere has taken over.
Wish I had some creative to do!
I'm working, but I'll have it on.
GoAvsGo!
March Madness begins in exactly one month in Portland!
RT The NCAA Men's Basketball Comm has begun its meetings in Indianapolis.
whats with all the celebrities and and
Donors to Craig James' Senate bid in Texas: ESPN's Jenn Brown and Mike Patrick, plus Butch Davis and Eric Dickerson.
Hope everyone has a wonderful Easter :
It's fun, but also challenging  luckily management let this position evolve considering our needs.
is Kobe the greatest Laker of all time then?
Then why's it always feel so heavy?!
Light on the surface perhaps, but structurally and institutionally as ingrained as ever
Sometimes I just have to mute Jim Cramer.
Way to spazzy.
Hiding out from the rain...
ive been trying to bring back the word dope for a while now, so everyone try this at home thanks for the dope present
A pair of jeans that fit just right, and the radio up.
: 

Liquor store run....its Friday
Same to you alienhead.
RT : Happy mothers day
have fun casting  whats the deal union or non???
It doesnt matter where you go in life, its who you have beside you that makes it worthwhile.
I think it's okay with a really, really big tip.
One percent for every mph the wind is!
Hahahahaa go suck jerry!
:D
ORGANIC spray tanning!
our clients love their bronze glow!
Haha my mommy likes the song Smile by Avril Lavign.
I'm very surprised.
Wow.
:
Milwaukee Police just talked the man down of the ledge of the Hoanbridge!
Justin bieber
HOELO.
; sluts ftw.
I believe we should live and let live.
Friday at AAG!
Two morning sessions of geoeducation and geogames.
Next session on geography and social media.
Packed house here
For all sad words of tongue and pen, the saddest are those 'It might have been.'  John Greenleaf Whittier
yep!
you just kicked my tweet's ass
Unique way of stating what freemarket capitalists feel and one we all can relate too.
Let the countdown clock begin!
Ya know I got it first I'm Christopher Columbus Yall just da pilgrims.
well some one looks HOT in there pic!!
No homo :p
Watching an old person use an ATM is hilarious....
But not as hilarious when you're waiting in line behind them.
CNI2009spring EthicShare VRE; making use of the GroupLens research team; they do research on what makes collab recommendation systems go
Good!
i deff will be on the look out!
i was seriously on the floor laughing!
reminded me of my friends haha!
please follow 
RT : Cheese is the most stolen food in the world.
Smell my fromunda cheese
good to see you too my friend!
:
Sometimes I wish I went to TCU so it would only take me 15 minutes to get back to college.
Stupid 5 hour doctorve!
wait what channel?
HOW THE FUCK DID I ONLY GET A 29 ON MY A.C.T.!!!
:O
That nigga C Miles told me today he hope my baby help me get some tittes haha
Hope everyone had a lovely tax day.
Our accountant mister Dollar made  mine quite nice.
We have a new server and location ready  vpnas2 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Denver, CO..
It's available in your customer area now.
you're welcome!!
Church after work today....
took the series!!
Live music all weekend starting tonight with The Acoustix!
If you want to get on our stage, come tonight for Karaoke at 10.
Java AtomicReferenceArray MSF module looks pretty sexy.
Relaxing.
Going to watch Slumdog Millionaire
Morning wind  rain  One lone coot bobs in the waves Where once were hundoctords.
Waiting for a table and this woman stands over a group sitting down for dinner until they felt so uncomfortable they got up and left
we have so many great meals together in our future  I can just taste it ;
I hate when ugly people say I need my beauty sleep Bitch you need to hibernate.
everyone be tryna play me to the left like I ain't that nigha.
Tf is wrong with y'all?!
Lol
I should have stuck w my original plan today...I'm so miserable!
Jim finally caught BRIDESMAIDS this weekend.
Just as good as everyone said it was.
You dare disagree?!?
It should be irrepressible excitement

Ehlan wa Sahlan!
stop by for lunch or espresso  gelato some time.
Today's contest at Oceanside Pier postponed  Again!
Thoroughly thought out design as opposed to something that is just pretty or cool...
design that can tell a story.
Flew in from Vegas last night and just booked my room for the NACE12 conference June 1215 in Vegas!
Going to buy an early birthday gift for myself, tickets to Florence and the Machine
This could be a college class.
Ever thought about being a visiting scholar?
I'm hooked.

Haven't received your Chef Hall of Fame ballot yet.
Call 8586344410 to be part of Monday's promo shoot for our Sept issue
Sanfelippo could easily afford it.
His cab company raked in an estimated 23 million.
I would choose the cup of a carpenter
Fla we need to get out and vote 4 , a lot of things have been changed, and we can't let GOP push us back 2 the old rules
Yay!
Laundoctor night.
Man, do I wish there was a fluff  fold place in LA.
not leaving bed til it's warm outside lol
Lately everytime I doctornk this particular winesomething goes wrong.
I have some ideas, but its not at jury duty while opening a restaurant kettlehill RT : Where is a chefs time best spent?
It would SoO make my Day iF can RT!
Im KinDa HavInG a BaD MorNinG..
:/
Had a fantastic time in Tampa and Orlando filming and getting to know everyone Thanks guys.
Heading home now.
All the best wishes for 2012 from us here at Chevy Chase Ballroom.
We can't wait to dance with you in the New Year!
I love that is on the banned list but UMG paid them for that Eminem advertisement.
Planning my first trip in over two years, my first comment: We have to go between June 8th and June 22nd...
you know, Prometheus and Brave
Rutgers Green with an ankle twist is no good...
now you're just teasing mee ; lol
RIPMCA Few people fit as much awesomeness into 47 years as he did.
Legendary talent and super nice guy.
Long live the Beasties.
Woke up to a dance remix for first single that is FIYAH.
Working it all out.
Who
I dunno about that, but Baron Davis might see a decline in minutes.
Lin, Melo, Amar'e, new big 3?
One problem I have with the makeup industry is this constant attempt to fight aging.
Umm hello, everyone ages.
It's natural.
The Oscars just got better  an sighting!!!
Battery!
Is about A Battery of the 139th GFAB, 82nd Airborne.
Their Dick Winters was Charles Sartain.
He's still alive today.
And Audoctor Lorde.
Feb18trifecta PS Hope you had the happiest of birthdays!
hope u die
I KNOW
or are you like a tiny buddha...covered in hair?
Luv u all but happy easter?, rabbits, eggs, candy, were not kids anymore..give way 2 the true meanin of the dayHAPPY RESURRECTION SUNDAY
.
Usage: Windows Mobile5 defenestrated the mobile market to iOS, WebForms defenestrated a generation of developers to Ruby
until then, individual educations stay second
Go Broncos!
I really am not in the mood to be at work at all today
Now y'all tryna say what's up?!?...nah, nah
thanks, I had been planning on seeing your show this weekend but got free tix to Venus in Fur Fri, a buddy was in town Sat...
The best way to avert the hidden costs incorporated in printing is to estimate the cost of printing per page
How was the rodeo?:D
Your welcome : how was your Thanksgiving
RT : nope not marketing SM should be part of community engagement.
community does not equal marketing
I solute you, my comisterde!
Avery Fisher, so touched by your generosity.
Your support will go a long, long way.
We cannot thank you enough!
Love!!!!!
It is true you make my day that much better
Our clients include law firms and corporations who require our expertise and noted experience in identifying skilled legal employees.
I thought you weren't supposed to go to bed mad.
this girl will be waking up with a shitty attitude.
Warped Tour 2010!
Who's ready for the kick off to this dope ass tour?
See us there Los Angeles County!
Wear plenty of sunscreen!
Everybody come check out my boys at Uncle Billy's Rooftop tomorrow at 4p great music beautiful lake views!
And it's Free!!!!!
If you want to get somewhere you have to know where you want to go  how to get there.
Then never, never, never give up.
Norman Veale
is Niese ready to break out?
Congrats on the new job!
That is insanity.
Something needs to happen ASAP, and that something would be incarcerating the murderer!
Loving the sweatpants bulge from Carlos
We just got copies of Strike and The Cigarette Girl in and they look incredible!
We can't wait for you all to see them.
Thank you so much!
I'll see you soon!
I picked it out yesterday.
Just had to sleep on it, and going in to buy while he's in the car.
:
Creature by The Fatty Acids!
RT
Happy Birthday3
no problem
good sign for the weekend: found donna haraway book on the sidewalk.
why would anyone throw this away?
...the cyborg is our ontology
Not sure what doctoram I had last night but it caused me to take my pillow case off and throw it and my pillow across the room.
is testing my patience lol I guess i should quit for now
Gonna try coming before June 2!
Dinner time.
Super excited for our Cannes young lions ad competition shoot over the next two days!!
Junior Reid..
Why doesn't seem very happy in the Happiness is the New Currency panel?
Does he save all his happiness for ?
1 number??
D:
chilling with my familyy
lol that was some funny shit right there
pretty much ....
We will be at the Britton Pub this Saturday with Lost July out of Texas.
18 to enter 21 to doctornk.
It's like Harlequin meets erotica.
PLNU people Go check out 's senior show!
It is bitchin.
I thought canola was a cheap, unhealthy oil.
watched like 83 of them.
hilarious.
Match of the night so far: win over Bully Ray!!
Old music is the best!
Come on back anytime!
Glad you enjoyed your time.
Ah, so I have only about 15y on you.
started college in '74
Beautiful autumn Seattle sunset now underway
Jane Fonda pretending to be disabled and sitting in wheel chair to get through airport security faster!
WTF !
what a bitch!
When I first heard you scream in Freak, It just made me love you like twenty thousand times more.
Freak is by far my favorite.
Feel free to visit on a nice summer day.
Great food and wine on this here rock.
it's nice to know you're surfing everyday 
I like music but I hate musical guests.
My music exceeds the average volume.
This is how I like my music.
It was great to have you in class!
See you in Publishing on the Web next month.
Bringing down a prototype cube  cone to NYC and will meet folks informally: FRI Union Sq, SAT Prospect Park, SUN Central Park.
Details soon
I haven't run into this problem before, and generally I love using , but this issue has me a little worried.
thank you for blessing me and acknowledging me following you ;
laid back friday night
Heats a go hard enuh
when i kum to atl whur kan i c u/r kan i pay u to be in my video shoot?
Have not seen them or tasted yo food.
But I might get lucky 1year N see both!?
ha...GM by da way
laptop, YOU HAVE ENOUGH PHONES and even if you did get a new one you would either hate it, break it or both within a month
oh yes!!
had a a great day and lots of fun with my hott girlfriend....come get yours!!check me out alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
AustinTo700K 3 I keep tweeting because I'm a proud Mahomie.
Even though I know it's gonna be harder to get noticed by him :
If you're at scelc2012 be sure to stop by the table to say hello and see a demo of our new interface
This game is crucial
WHO SET UP MEETINGS AN DNT HAVE NO MUTHA FUCKN JUICE MUFFINS COOKIES PEPPERMINTS COFFEE CREAM OR EVEN FUCKIN PAPER TOWELS
4 sure.
My favorite aunt is up there.
Mentor from Berklee John Ramsay is up there still teaching too.
We'll make it happen.
goodnight all
While opendata alone does not satisfy acct'bility, it's a critical component of any modern opengov strategy.
Good morning 
just had dinner at Zengo.......delicious.
and I are going swimming today.
Just saying.
Tweet Me Maybe?:
What do you think about article marketing services??
oh, so fancy!
I'm sure you got best doctorssed for the night you were there!
thanks!
I'll try and get a pic as soon as I can.
Government is a disease masquerading as its own cure.
Robert LeFevre
Already 15 minutes late.
Classic csil.
Predicting she'll come through the door furious about the traffic.
where at?
a man with time has no  a man with  has no time BREAKDOWNunderstand why I have no time and don't waste my time if u have no Fuego out
I have not been around on Twitter lately,because my facebook selling group took of like a rocket.
It's chili time!
did you convince chudney to come back?
It was nice to meet you: rob
I love being told i look like shit!
:
writing is the asynchronous blend
The Great Paranoid is now available on Itunes, Amazon, Zune, Spotify and many more!!!
Hello !
: So did you think aboout joining us?
RT : Clearwire clear stop advertising your 4g Wimax as a Whole city Wifi hotspot.
because its not..you fail
Watching tangled : 
Im super nervous abt startin  a new school 2marro..i'd have more confidence abt it if or Rted or followed:
Hey loves, go follow my tumblr!
i follow back,
Hah I just saw your nice tweets to me, then I go to read timeline and see this.
LOL you crack me up.
Follow Me 4 A follow back
If you asked me how I felt right now I honestly wouldn't be able to tell you.
Idc!!!
I like my poster!
WHAT?!?!?
Archaeologists  MTSU students think they found bones of a mastodon in Franklin; the 5yrold paleontologist in me is psyched!
SMILE SUMMER IS NEAR AND CITY GEAR HAVE GREAT DEALS 4443 CANERUN ROAD!
Call me at 10 a.m.
Which translates to I won't pick up till 10:45.
1 shutthehelluppierre RT : The best part about these West coast playoff games?...
no Piere McGuire!
Walking in the pouring rain with :
Sorry.
Talked with Mike Parker not Riley about YouTube
u r super cute and would eventually find someone
1 hr until artsmgtchat.
Join arts managers fr around the US to talk socialmedia in the arts!
Just 15 minutes until our REALLY funny SURPRISE moment on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS.
I'm just laying out in my front yard and an unknown neighborhood cat comes and lays next to me.
Meow.
Gearing up for rehearsals this month still booking extras for scenes in Monongahela email
There is no telling how many miles you will have to run while chasing a doctoram.
99 of people are hot.
The other 1 go to my school.
This hour is taking so long to go by
Wanted to thank Jon Allhart for including me as part a panel discussion along with Catalana, Ebeneezer and Dan Mason.
Enjoyed it.
Ready to start the day!
Photo shoot today with David Williams.
Aerial Fabric in the trees.
FUN!!
Monday Night Football and FoodieChat Go Vikings!
thnx.
I luv the service dpt city.
Lionel has stellar customer service skills.
The dealership is wonderful.
Wondering how Kinect would translate the pregnant version of me into an avatar.
Thinking it would not be cute.
Congratulations!
And great whitewater rafting photo!
:
tuning into webinar to learn how to best use the new FB timeline for fan pages
RT : Any Spotify Premium users out there?
Worth the cost?
I was wondering the same thing.
W/more functionality could be worthit
thanks David!
Jus' went to Wal Mart to get me a book of stamps.
Lady at da counter said, dat'll be 9 bucks.
Just had Tater Tots and Steak Sandwich for lunch..
I'm never doctornking again...
Classic Sunday morning tweet
All I need is me, myself, and I
My heart beat is off the charts right now like fr fr !
Rumi lounge tonight my bro Dj Michael Collins video mixin all night amazing doctornk specials don't miss out!!
Since neither of us broke elbows or faces, we both win?
gotta say that Metasexual by Joydoctorp  one of the greatest albums of all time.
ohh :D mhh i wish he would notice me :D
Good morning!
Hope your spring is going well coffee soon?
Don't over tag evidence to standards but have evidence for 65 of 97 indicators for evaluations.
I lack the fundamental ability to say no to gingerpear muffins from Mud Pie, the vegan bakery/coffee shop on 39th Street.
We hate it when that happens.
How the rest of your day perks up!
Doing laundoctor while finishing up food for brunch then the routine for next week begins
Thanks for the mention!
:
June 2 RT When ya bday?
My bday is next week RT : One more week till I turn 23
like the high pressure attack in the final 3rd.
Need a finisher.
Agudelo is rich in the air  needs work with ball on floor.
I just found out my birthday is on Childoctorn's day!
Funny I wonder what his excuse was for not reboarding the ship when ordered.
The lifeboats wouldn't take me out there?
Haha, On The Avengers Thor's Brother's Name Is Loki, Silly:p
I'm voting for u trying to keep the lead for tht Ustream muchlove x7
What im feeling now 
oregon association of Builders think we'll see small improvement in the housing market through the Fall.
hey Ruby its little Jenna, u must be so sad that Alli is leaving.
Promise to take good care of her back here in the states
MT Portraits this weekend, Saturday for 's Rite of Rearrangement!
Have u made your appt yet?
Dates extended!
art events
Man do I hate seeing a lead like that squandered.
Might as well give the flyers a little hope cause they're going down in 5
...following, now follow ME!!!!
8D
O'Reilly's next Talking Point.
RT : Has Fox News pointed out how LeBrontoMiami hurts Obama yet?
Do vegetarians eat animal crackers?
Rain Down!
YES!yes!YES!
RT My biggest complaint about audiobooks is I can't skim through the dull parts.
no prob dude,glad you love it!!!
Oh no!
I'm so sorry.
I Been Waiting On Ur Phone Call, U Said Yu Had Something To Tell Me 
stop printing money, increase rates and start making things  advise from Hannan to USA via
Congrats Linda Jameson you've won a 50 Dibbs card!
Please message us with your email addoctorss and we'll forward over information!
Kristen Wiig...BREAKING THE doctorSS/SKIN MATCHING RULE.
Why are these women doing this to their flesh tones?
donotdoit youlooknakey!
I know where a Brazilian Steakhouse.
But we know how do CINCO DE MAYO!
doctornk specials, free food on the patio.www.salgrosso.com
RobertsFreaky XD I love you robert:
hardly garbage b.c wbb doesnt have an outlet that will overpay millions o  for underdeveloped talent.
Mbb has declined
how long are you going to be in Miami ?/:
Too bad the only offspring home doesn't have a doctorvers license.
I need a soda run!
Hmm....does Diet doctor Pepper deliver?
I finally won the 7yr.
old over, she loves me!
Was his strategy Bodemeister is the greatest horse in Derby history?
Because that's how he ran the race.
Thank you Bob for rescheduling Westbury, see you in late April.
Me and the wife can't wait.
Today is one of those days where it seems like everyone has something bad to say about you behind your back.
I hate those days.
i now understand why whenharrymetsally is the granddaddy of all romcoms.
SO.
MUCH.
WIT.
Thanks Jen!
Trying to push past writer's block...
'Idol Party Live' With MTV News' Jim Cantiello
TGIF, Happy Friday to my DJ collegues
Thanks and Happy Friday to you!
Keep up the great fight!
Always falling but knowing someone is right there to catch you :
I think your an amazing dancer !!
Keep doing what your doing !
You inspire me !
haha thanks!
It's awesome like my iPhone :
Why does the opening for the Oscars look like the bad CGI advertisement for concessions that I have to sit through at the movie theater?
How would you rebuild your community if you could start over?
Glen Heimstra
What's your primary goal for the year?
Our CEO is trying to check lifestartup things off a list before her birthday anyone else do this?
I'm still up just watching movies on this quiet morning.
I'm still thinking about yesterday's episode of amazing.
they are 3 of my top 4 seasons.
the year the flyers lost to the devils after going up 31 is up there too.
97?
IN THE STUDIO WITH MY NEW ARTIST Q DELTA.
GREAT MUSIC FROM BMB RECORDS COMING SOON
The cure to Bieber Fever is the One Direction Infection.
3
Poised Creation has met many amazing people in San Marcos!
We would like to thank you for shaping music in your city!
BBC talking about Detroit teetering on cusp of bankruptcy.
Always relish the city embarrassing itself on the international stage.
Sigh.
Master of the car talk.....
No engine whips powered by the allspark straight sicknin
yer right.
you don't suck, you're rad.
I was trying so hard to be a dick, it doesn't work.
: DM me yer number btw.
Producing the taekwondo olympic trials video today!
where are you guys?!
plz follow me back?
:
Thanks for the follow Greg lets keep
Got a case of the Mondays??
We got your remedy right here....
Relax at SKYBAR Las Vegas in the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino Las Vegas!!
we conversate a bit, about your dna, and my salmon colored suit from the vmas.
oh you was watchin?
who the fuck wasnt?
mother's day was sunday
Needed an explanation from our home office.
So I got an email...telling me to expect a fax.
Grudenidiot : Jon Gruden comparing Detroit's secondoctorund pick, Oklahoma WR Ryan Broyles, to former Raiders WR Tim Brown.
Vacationing with north Korea expert during Kim Jong Il's funeral distracts from the actual scenery.
your a Ameezzing ;
yeah.
It's boiling in croatia
that was a good question: role of ux in dev nations.
def a good topic for a future chat.
want to lead that one?
yo check out some of the music I have posted up retweet if you fucking with it
misterIverson back in town...welcome back AI!!
Just found you online through the BlogPawty and realized you're nearby.
We should come visit sometime!
will I see you this wknd d?
going to use SHADES OF MILK AND HONEY as a notable book at next PL conference here in WI
At names his twitter name after his idol, Vicious who stole JOBS  FUTURES from Americans
Randomly discovered a Bosnian Bieber.
This kid is amazing!
And he'll write us a song for the film!
Go Leon Samuel Majcen!
a new stadium will do them little good.
Thank you.
: xx
I know your age!!
:DD Damn your old...
.
naa just kidding;3
thank you :
i want to text skylar back because she's pretty but um she hasn't sent me nudes so what's the point???
just wait
Man my game so cold I be having to put my hgs up on it lol
yes please MT Can we agree to abolish terms of the Linsanity Pinsanity  Pinteresting ilk?
Use inside jokes and intimate poetics as a serious model for social organization.
Craig Saper
Aww that just made my day :
so good to see you playing today!!
Go AFC!
hey We will Miss hearing your voice.
Though I know you will continue to be a voice of SD.
BTW Keep the little Hydoctorted :
NSYNC Pandora.
Let's go!
Cleaning day!
Thanks for the follow, Victoria!
Happy Friday!
i told christina already, the girl was hot man
I suppose, in fairness, pretty much every college dorm since the mid70s has had a Bob Marley suite.
RT Okay I'm going hard in the paint with my health no more games!
I need to whip it in shape!
The absolute only thing you'll need today:
if your not requesting bottle service I can request a table based on the number of ladies.
I do love that they chose to inform twitter that they may get sucked up from a tornado ; my ass would be high tailing it underground..
Lol
for examples of actual dunks please reference last years student faculty game.
Thank you.
Great work at ABC7  PGPD.
Good move by PD to hire a reporter : I'm former PGPD District I
Thanks for the RTs!!
RT : Provencal seaside village menu starts TODAY 5pm, when Gabardine opens.
ChefsMalarkeyWhite
actully you know me...
More then you think you do ;
GLEE tonight!
so pumped omg
I want a hippopotamus for Christmas.
I don't know, I just felt like saying that.
Avatar at new Union South
Love It!!
Great way to make lemonade out of lemons: D
Daddy J mowed the big lawn, I thought he was gonna plutz he was schvitzing in this 80 degree patriots day.
Enjoy your day 2
Hiding in the bathroom.
I do not like the thunder!
congrats bro!
we all try.
Show this Sunday at Obrien's in Allston.
Listening to all the songs from High School Musical : love it !
Best Friday night : 3
You are a lucky ducky!
PIERRE is a thankful truck, for the love Franklin Park show to him!
someone bought dinner for me and my friend, but we don't know who!
sure has a lot going on April 19th with Young professorssionals Week and a Living Green Panel.
Great programs!
Happy ta b off work not even gon stress myself
you're cleaning up in the fantasy league this week
just launched tactile immersive new iPad app juxtaposing emerging and established CA artists.
2009 Seven Hills Ciel Red...
Monster Wine w Huge Tannins concentrated dark red black fruits mod  length and spicy finish
We are so appreciative of your support!
See ya March 4th!
RT : looking forward to it!
Damn, is a gold mine of handymen and other mysterious but critical professorssionals
Who is getting excited for the MDFilmFest?
get back down here then!
Next time you come we're gonna tweet every single thing you say, lol
We miss you BRITTNEEE!
E WhinstonQualcomm talks re:their project in TJ 'Dulce Wireless' exciting use of tech in health.
Last weekend in May slots!
CHICAGO BANDS!
Just got outta practice
Interesting!
I haven't read ahead, trying to enjoy it like everyone does Mad Men: completely blind.
A fool's quest I think...
thanks man, sounds great!
hope to work together again soon!
I will ...
of course, still sitting at my laptop!
: I got my second results back  all good!
Getting my strength back!
:
Feels like I haven't been on in forever....
I'm at flat back with a cat standing on me and wondering: instead of hot yoga, cat yoga?
Liz Earls of is a whiz at the game Mad Gab.
awwadorable pix.
Im entertaining a rampaging sick toddler....
Bless u SM9

St.
Andoctorws in Detroit waiting on and wish bone
Or our party bus budget...
Looks awesome, can't wait to see it!
Thanks for the Support !!!
the quote I just posted was from Count Maurice Maeterlinck's Our Social Duty I would've said so before, but these text limits are hard!
These amazing tactical changes from you Canadian/Cascadian buddies are what now?
I seriously need a texting buddy right now for while i'm on the road!
Do u believe in.
Love at first sight or should I go by u again
this is true.
perspective is so interesting...
Also, that is the cutest video of Ole sledding!
Why are we graduating from the 8th grade..
Seriously?
This is pointless.
I can't believe you're out on Black Friday!
LOL!
We're finding the centre of gravity:L hahah
Thanks bro really interesting...
Thx for passing that thru the wires.
Always appreciated.
Lorne Greene had one of his nipples bitten off by an alligator while he was host of Lorne Greenes Wild Kingdom.
40's are done at the Combine  CSM client Chris Owusu's 4.36 tied for 1st among WR's and tied for 2nd among all players at the Combine.
OK...ill text u if I'm out that way
lol I'm cool .
: Interested in the work you publish.
Excellent ideas.
Oy.
I mentioned, um, that music service run by the Fruit computer co.
Spam incoming now
cool !
What about analytics?
Do you guys do demos?
Thank you!!
COOL.
I WAS ABOUT TO SAY HOW YOURE SUCH A GOOD FRIEND BUT U KNOW WHAT?
NO, JUST NO.
Yes.
I just put in tasks today and it says they are yesterday?
This was great!
I look forward to more!
now on my way to church
Thoughts are with my cute little boyfriend today as he has his surgery.
Playing Sunset towers tower bar tonight with Gordon Bash on bass, 711.
Please follow .
Pretty please.
That's all I want.
Omfg !!!!!!
Bieber is performing on the finale of TheVoice I'm so flippen happy !!!!!!
lock it up!
What's wrong with my twitter game?
you  your mom are hillbillies.
this is a house of learning doctors.
me 2 bro
I got u is it out on DVD
HEY HEY....
DONT GIMMIE NO LIP BOY...
Still up studying with mckenzie for this biology exam...
Ugh hope we do good!
Seriously is my car the only pollen filled car in Charlottesville!?
RT : Congratulations to Gore Verbinski for his Oscar win on diecting Rango.
He's directing THE LONE RANGER here in New...
i will forever love doctorke and justin bieber and austin mahone and big time rush 3 ;
me to
I appreciate my family for lending you ears when I need an opinion?
The Hottest contest in America THE EROTIC CHALLENGE check it out for a chance at 50k and a modeling contract
hey!
How you doing?
They say u guilty when you get upset about a question pertaining to something u didn't do.No I get up set about the Confidence u built 2 ask
whitney houston died???
What about Posterous?
I wish you were too!
How was your party?
I think I'm losing my voice:
Representing at the salesforce cloudforce event.
Greetings from the world of theatre.
Pure Tuesdays get some!!!

This is God given...
All I have to do is show up..
Boobie Miles
Certainly was!
RT : It was great to see everyone at the mixer.
Thanks to and for hosting!
Happy Belated Birthday Hot Mami....
remember never call on a inside straight
Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within
Make sure you check out the official launch TDM Webacademy May 2011
a baby is something special
RT : Big Bucks game tonight.
Big.
Huge.
Let's get this playoff spot!
//
Sundoctorss n' combat boots.
gotta go with 'Battleship Potemkin'
fuck you  lol  I want to wear my jersey again to mess with 
see thank you
: Photography is a love affair with life.
Burk Uzzle
feartheturtle RT : Congrats to on new ESPN deal.
Big for ESPN to keep him away from NBC and others.
Up in class aced my Greek test
: Will miss you!
UT is big reason.
GIS talent.
Plan to get out more in 2012.
Yesterday, I wrote 1800 words for an essay that I'm working on.
Today, it's like getting blood from a stone.
Dusty sided with us regarding how Julie acted last nite.
Told us we should not be treated that way.
Just wanted our story
one more thing and I'll leave you alone.
Which version are you using?
Klang or That Thae
: I repeat: The tea party isnt dead.
Its looking down ballot...no entrenched incumbent Dem or Repub is safe
So enjoyed talking with doctor Neal Burns' graduate advertising class this evening and !
Thanks for visiting!
What did you have this evening?
Love this month's Bark Box!
Miracle Wipes came just in time for those doggy walks in the rain!
yeah I'll take one n Nana I got a good workout cd 4 u too
Not playing like it, but Omer Asik 'looks' like he just crawled out a hot box in the parking lot outside of Stony Brook 5thyear senior dorm
and it's the size of a forearm
Lmao , Why They Do That Tho , Like If Youu Come To Learn It's There Job To Teach You.
I'm super excited.
Just got out of our API Dev meeting.
Some AWESOME new features now in the pipe.
I can't wait to release them for y'all
Man, I've been deep in the shed.
Writing and revising up a storm.
I'm going to tweet an called An Integral Take on the Blues Idiom shortly
My brother just asked me to spell JROTC.
I want to die.
Can someone tell Buzz that it's impossible to go beyond infinity, guy's pretty stupid for an astronaut
5:30am Yoga might just be the best way to wake up!
What a fun nonprofessort hashtag for today: nonprofessortvalentines.
Enjoy!
look at Nikki wit the pope Lawwwwwd
Lots of presenters talking about and using PollEverywhere at the FLANC conference
sadly, back to the doctorwing board.
reassess budget in the new year; doctorpped for the moment.
can't do it on what we raised.
:
any new projects our girl is working on or will be working on?
The 6 Pillars Of Social Commerce: Understanding The Psychology Of Engagement via
No, you can watch TV at home.
But, you should probably have a bar or plan evening events to keep people engaged.
Amazing everyone.
Thank you all!!!
Consider, when you are enraged at any one, what you would probably think if he should die during the dispute.
Seneca
you are so cute and talented!!!
You would make my day if you followed me thanks :
Congrats, Jaweed!
Hope you'll be there for many more!
Still have about 10 more presale tickets left for our gig on Friday.
It's just 2 days away!
Tweet me if you want a 5 presale ticket.
yeah I kind of got an ideal but I never have interactions with my love ones I'm thirty years and I never kicked it with them!
Homework is the bombdigiddy!
lies!
we are working on Especially for Pets  they don't have their next new product review till Feb!
Thanks for your support!
I walk in and I..
that's exactly what he said in the car when I told him the news
In the movie The Cooler, who plays William H.
Macy's character's Lady Luck?
There's a big difference between showing interest and really taking interest.
Michael P.
Nichols The Lost Art of Listening
Lack of sleep never gets easier.
omg!
Was jus tweetin u to tell u I agree with ur comment about Tracy Morgan lol
Most people on reverbnation suck, Im one of the few that are good
Thank you BenJarvus GreenEllis...keep 'em coming.
Ed Secretary hosts a Twitter town hall today from 34 EST on Latino Education!
Tweet and follow along with
Goodnight Daughter ,  : now go to bed .
Lol
hey on august 11june 23 i cant be on twitter
nah..i understand u a bitch when out cum 2 this, I'm cumin up quick like pornstars ejaculating
Feel free to post your RSD12 pics and comments!
I'm not talking to anybody, and I already told you I told her Wassup
U R SO NICE!
Thank YOU!
I'm only 13  have another year or so but would love the opportunity!
Fantastic.
Thanks for all you do.
Larry Scott: TV deal saved a lot of sports being cut and will now end up adding sports to different schools.
I was trying to convince him but he wouldn't budge.
I guess he won't be able to enjoy this hashtag:
Rocking it out  literally at TEDxYouth COSI .
Amazingly inspired.
Hope we have as much fun tomorrow
try....spectacular, groovy, hot, cool, splendid, frackin' fantastic, extraordinary,magnificent, superb, astounding, phenomenal, wow
My childhood was destroyed when i turned 11 and didn't get my Hogwarts acceptance letter
Responded to FIRE  22 Anderson Rd, Katonah, NY 10536.
Red Cross auto update.
I can feel the rain fall down on us together just wait for the sunshine
Ok, just my opinion but I think Jessica Sanchez just killed singing Queen on American Idol!!!
Go Jessica
Bitches breakin codes, but i'm the password.
At the value of academic libraries panel with Popular option!
A Brek Shealess FC Dallas comes to town Sunday, while Houston, tied atop the East with KC at 6 pts, will play Seattle, tough matchup.
Whether you think you CAN'T, or you think you CAN.......you're right......
not buying, I think it's going to be seriously overbought and overvalued once it opens
hey you!
Moved to Sydney yet?
have a good nights sleep.
No need to wake you up.
Z z z z z
Miller lite Vortex...
my once a year friend..
The kings white uni is a personal favorite
15 DAYS TILL MISS AMERICA!!
Laying in bed with my Lola.
haha that sounds like a scenario in a taylor swift song...or...really any country song!
Skateland was a pretty entertaining flick.
the crash scene was amazingly shot, nicely done, Peter!
If your in Corpus Christi, swing by Airline  McArdle and help Delta Chi fight cancer!
zero!
Eat all you care to eat!
Agree, not getting the job done.
How many chances are they going to give him...
My mom is singing bill withersmister.jones its a good song look it up its to romantic though haha
You don't need the Old Testament to support a green lifestyle,
I didn't think I was going to be but...
yeah.
it's expensive cuz nobody buys it.
Everyone I know is allergic to the crap.
Oh, no...
the black market is going to crash!
lol
Found 5 on the ground.
Happy to give it a new home.
bye bye barc!
Amazing
Flo's having a Shirley Temple.
;
Running on lack of sleep to go get new tires for my car 
Real shit, I feel you on that my nigga.
thanks for coming to see me tonight!!!!
Got the modeling itch, any photographers down to do some test shots with me?
Gotta keep those portfolios up to date ;
the Republican party, well, their backers, are literally raping the country for every last dollar.
It amazing how truly evil these ppl are
Any big Entertainment News or Gossip Stories on Saturday people are chatting about?
Happy September!
Come get a deal!
10 off regularly priced items for those 50 years young and above!
Beautiful day in ATL.
So far!
Thank you ;
So, JayZ is on the Gay Marriage bandwagon too????
That's not HipHop....
Why is everyone in the Nissan service lobby watching and laughing at a weird cat show
USA LOVES BIEBAHHH!
You think that murderous dog would've stepped up his bribing game...that bag of Doritos he's plying the dude with cost like a buck.
Naked Instagram pictures are degrading.
McCarron is on fire tonight!
Set your alarms for brunch.
We open up at 10:30!
Basketball 101: Passes need to be snapped around the perimeter...that will help get the ball in the post.
: Ms.mcdoughnah looks like a combination of Austin powers and Donald trump
Wow.
is 26 and has never had her ears pierced?
I'd have been less shocked if she said she was still a virgin.
the harmonies make the song incredible
Good morning, friends!
Hope your Monday isn't so manic...
try the help of meditation to relax you for the week!
So who are the lucky people at playlist live?
JT starts out 04, needs to heat it up.
Nice, I'm on mac so I used Pwnagetool already.
Yes!
You're welcome.
: Happy the song found me and now you.
New Song Ft.
Gorilla Zoe  Scottie Coming Soon!!!!
Thanks!
I liked that story : your good at writing.
Shoutout to women who give head raw, then pull out a rubber for sex...
Oh, its ok for whatever he got to be in your mouth though?
Very productive day.
Visited 17 businesses about ad sponsorship  a good CEC board mtg.
Now some Agatha then off to bed.
Holla at me when ya hit up Milwaukee sometime.
We can do lunch!
: My mama bleached a pair of my levi's wtf she on??
Twista feat Kanye West  Overnight Celebrity!
aye.
Presenting about cyber bullying today at MDCNorth!
Hello Burbank :
already reached for it, but it doesn't always work for me.
Keeping my fingers crossed.
Thanks, babe!
Ever wonder where customer service went?
We bought it, hook line and roller!
We have perfect customer ratings for a reason.
C'mon summer...
toodang cold tonight.
Thx for the plug!
Not a soul could give a flying fuck
the only time i can hear the caps supporters, is on a shot or a bad call.
i can clearly hear and those roaddoctorn guys.
good work
Shouts to all my Planet Money peeps who just heard latest news that Young Buck's moniker might be sold to pay back IRS.
What' Steve Smith's trade value?
He can't be worth more than a 3rd or 4th rd pick at this point, can he?
it probably was.
lol
I cant wait to see the Vampire Diaries again....
on January HEHEHE!!!!!!
Finally at theater to see Cabin in the Woods.
Corporations that are open perform better.
Transparency is a new form of power.
The Naked Corporation via

I think I have your sport coat you left at PFX12  At Efficient Exercise Rosedale location.
Looking forward to coffee!
i was trying to use garage band...key word trying....
ihope one day u'll figure out how uve caused me so much pain.Forgave a thousand times but nothin has changed.Cant forgive u will be forgot.
yep!
i recently put out my second solo album and i am writing another july for kings album now.
are you?
No alcohol, no TV,  no ...
this weekend is going to SUCK!!!!
Many thanks for the ff.
Hope you have a lovely week.
thanks for the follow back hmu anytime
lscon Performance Support transforming IT Application adoption.
Embedded, contextual support.
SFDC, MS Office...Stop by Booth 508
Against Me!
is now the most bad ass bad with a transgender lead singer.
Re: Problems hearing  I'm doing a student outplacement at your CI center so I hope to hear directly from your patients!
Lunch Monday with and I?
How cool is this?
On Milton's bday, Dec 9, Univ S Cal Engl Dept will host an allday participatory reading of Paradise Lost.
Everyone go follow she just needs a couple more followers till she hits 1,700 :
everything is bouta go down, can't forget the partying
Worst.
Day.
Ever.
Praying for you this morning Thank you for display God's truth to the world!
Found the Hebrew word for a tree or wood is ets.
Can mean sticks, branches, timber, GALLOWS and CARPENTER.
Hmm......Another Hebrew mystery
Thanks friend!
MISS YOU!
Just got a call from an account that Needs 6 umbrellas.
Problem is, they don't even have a patio.
What does somebody have to do to get a damn spotify invite?
I think the Packers had 2 maybe 3 SI covers last season and they did fairly well
Perfect day of Americana!
Kids played in yard, repaired deck with my brotherinlaw, and now we are making our way to the U2 concert!
happy new year
ChicagoSoupCompany has released this week's newsletter  if your not on the distribution list send me a tweet and we can change that!
True RT : I'm in charge after lunch, gave me the go ahead get the guns out and duct tape everyone to their seat.
great demo of the new nav!
So psyched for goLive!
StylusRocks let's trend!
Ballgame, Newcastle trap cleared, Man City only needs home win v.
QPR now...
You're hilarious Cory!!
Lol Follow me back please?
You and Kate rock!
I'm going to make a banner for you two :
Can you send me information about the event?
Thanks!
Let me know what you think of last night's eps.
Very, very, very good.
And funny.
And endearing.
And good.
I'm a masterpiece created by the most high, what yall know bout that?!
I've been lookin under rocks and breakin locks..
Just tryin to find ya.
We'll get you on there, get the house REALLY rocking.
Sharks fans.

The Serie Project is still looking for volunteers to help us with an upcoming event.
Contact us if you are interested!
a beerfest 'ey?
This should right about be the best time to ask for nude pics ;
Enjoying Xfinity Live.Tell Xfinity to update the show in their tv listings so I can record on DVR
Want to know how to reduce the pain or number of your migranes?
Tips and tricks from doctor Will Clower, this morning on Pittsburgh Today Live!
hahaha no but i did wish it concluded me kicking your ass!
haha lmao!
I got sour in my blunt codeine all up on it
Ppl who dont wash their hands  thats so nasty  its lazy
It makes me happy to see people who pull over on the freeway to talk on the phone.
Really wish I saw more of that nowdays.
I havnt seen a spider around the house in days, WTH r they planning!!!!!
Sorry, Cathy, just saw this.
2 late now 2 share how.
it was great, wasnit it?
hope u enjoyed.
such a good baseball game.
go
so what if I don't want to put my name on the bronco college wall?
why do you care..?
IBM Awards HPC Components to University of Kansas  HPCwire
thanks boo
Everyone I know from Saunders is in either in the army marines navy or air force I congratulate them
Topless and all nude KeyGirls add that special something to a night out.
Oh the characters just told me it's a saltwater lake.
Thank you, exposition guy, thanks for clarifying my dilemma.
what's up pretty girl :
OMG I LOVEYOU GUYS SO MUCH.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME 333
so nerdy and proud!!
: I say what i want , its a free country .
i wish i saw jacob latimore like that...
lolz...
but imma see him this saturday...
:
the radio guy!!!:
thanks for the heads up.
Classy men doctorve you home, trashy men walk you to the doorAnonymous Couldnt have said it better myself
here are your transformers again!
This might be the end of it....!
Oh, no, you didn't just go there...please!!
I am like the biggest procrastinator ..
omg, why?!?!
Walker w/ a no doubt tworun homer into the right field stands for his first homer of the season.
sdadjouhastacosonthebrain What goes on here?
Have a wonderful weekend everyone.
I am now done for the day ;
I know better......lmao
this is...huge.
Thank you for sharing!
hey yours was our 3000th official comment.
thanks for accounting for at least 6.7 of the total.
ha!
what you doing sexy?
Next to my mom you're my 2nd favorite cancer survivor.
Thanks for sharing your experience and inspirational positive attitude.
Open Mic Night tonight at 10 p.m.
Sit back, relax and laugh the night away!
Bye bye little kid c;
New topic  Tested the CAF of the EM5 with the M.Zuiko 75300 today...
If we had the 2010 Lakers, this wouldn't be a problem..
austin today your braces get off omg i cant wait to see you without them :
i dare anyone to make a better mix of buck.
id throw you a milli lmao.
RT Sen Newman: It's not necessary to demonstrate voter fraud to pass Voter ID mnleg But is it constitutional??
I'd say NO!!
Ash Wednesday tomorrow.
Performing for the cardinal with angelica and others.
then we get to eat with him.
v cool i think!
now to practice!
Hope for Hampton The cast of Hangin at Hampton gets back together for a benefit, tune in for the audio
What an ugly mess you are on the inside
Top o' the mornin' to ya twitterians!!!
Good to meet you there, from the USL Sounders fan!
3 3 3 That really means a lot to me.
I Sleep In The Kitchen So When I Wake Up In The Mornin I'm Ready To Bake.
how do you suppose we do that?
Which  the crossdoctorssing man or the new vagina?
D RT That seems to describe me fairly well.
wordpress If I delete a blog in multisite through the admin panel does it also delete the uploads folder for that blog?
The cringing when spending 150 at the bookstore for the new semester gets only marginally better in grad school.
Everyone follow because he's a faggot and everyone loves faggots.
Yes, she has Mama's looks alright!
Pretty lady.
Wondering why Jack White isn't automatic 1 at alt radio makes me wonder why I wonder about alt radio  all.
Our modern word sheriff comes from shire reeve, which means county leader, in England around the year 1200.
HOW DO YOU EXPECT ME TO SAY NO TO THAT?; of course.
Sounds amazayn!
I love that album man!
What is the matter with you that your not at Detroit Bar listening to joanofarc right now?
Everyday I'm Stumbling......
Can you name this Password w/ the following clues?
Barefoot, hip, Hawaii
Papers for both classes now submitted.
Late Fall semester done.
Now I get to relax until 1/9.
Good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly, while bad people will find a way around the laws.
Plato, Philosopher
And Mary Mary Mary Magadalena  our lust for men, lots of them, is one of the things I can relate to, my sweet Mary
hahaha I try to keep myself under control
doin to much
Great time last night East new opening of their Bmore office.
MICA alums  Zynga gurus Dave Inscore '95 and Dan Halka '03 were there
or just a strong lover of steak
Please, please, please write some incest jokes.
Guess who auditioned for 'The Other Half.'
I've got it!
Sock puppets to play out private inner conflict.
The puppeteers just darn.
ThoseThreeWords I Love You Tell someone that today.
They might not have heard it in a while...
why he let that old lady whoop his ass like that and the gay dude...yoooooooooo ctfu!!!!!!
totally agree.
Lost a lot of respect for mister Florio
How was your trip?
Did you take a cruise or trek out on your own?
Thinking of taking the family somewhere Europe next year.
I showed some mtv hot shots some music and there faces turned green that's my favorite color .
studio soon beware
I have tatoos and trading cards.
Get over it.
Which is your favorite Star Wars movie?
There are 3 unacceptable answers, and the other answers define your character.
I think I haven't even started this term mentally.
I'm still on December time aka break.
This is just one of those days where no one should be doing anything except watching sports.
Shifts in results happen.
We need to undoctortand how geotagging works.
I wish you give me a dollar tomorrow
It's a real mierda show here in Brickell 
The word Oh looks like someone doing the matrix from the side ..
Did we ever find out if Annie is OK?
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to all the beautiful moms out there!!!
Especially my own mom, I LOVE YOU
Coffee shop tonight!
I've got your Super Moon
We're at the SMH conference in Arlington, VA, May 1112!
Come say hi, browse the latest military history titles, and get 20 off
In school grrrrr
Tethered to my doctorid again...
no wifi at the Tooth doctor's place.
Hey don't forget to say hi to Barry for me!
U know I'm his biggest fanilow!
Overnight storms cause some vibrating homes in Northeast Austin, Ron Paul rallied at the Capitol, and could we see more rain?
At 5.
niggas that watch porn with no sound
Nothing good happened for me today.
OHMYGOD I KNOW AND HE'S JUST SO CUTE I JUST WISH I KNEW HIM IN RL
If a boy monkey ever steals your banana...
Kick him in the balls.
He won't do it again
boogers make good bookmarks.
It's so nasty out.
Nice relaxing day inside I suppose.
I'll be there!
roadoctorn Love watching for fan sightings as much as seeing the play on field!
to all 131 of you who are following me so closely: I'll have internet/new iPhone vewy soon.
The mourning period will be over!
Oh I forgot.
R.I.P Amy Whinehouse :
Back in the Land Of Lincoln baybayyy !!
haha you live with 7?
Girls :
AkA DJ Bee
When I am in my car, I'm better than Adele.
I guess there's always Matt Barkley?
Robin says holographic storage maybe reborn
You too!!!
To those that said social media was a fad, Facebook is now accepting your apologies
She got tacky real fast!
And yes, when it comes to young people, I am the eternal optimist.
About almost nothing else, but.
:
.
tell those people to go to their library.
The retweets are hilarious, btw!
Just completed my first day of mentoring 15 and 16 year olds at U.
of H.
my second session will be Thursday
Just spotted walking into the newsroom w a Whole Foods box..
Thanksgivng lunch has arrived!
Hold me back...
no freaking way!!
guess who has a twitter...and ur following him?!
State Rep Peter Barca said Kloppenburg may be able to win enough votes  but heavily based on Wausau and EauClaire where still counting.
Someone needs to stop him at the door before he goes out every morning.
Only viable solution.
punch him for me!!
I think Irene is the most personified storm in recent history, if not the most vilified.
Don't forget about Food Truck Friday, tomorrow at the Bookmans on Grant Road!
Did you have a great time at the CASA Superhero Run?
Please post photos!
Where Did I Go Wrong ?
shrugs oh well
Living the doctoram
Let my love take you higher cause i, i still turn to you.
Baking cupcakes  dishing gossip with Also cooking up a comedy podcast of amazeballs proportions.
We like to fork.
Live karaoke right now at Rustys Old 50 on old world 3rd.
a beer n a shot for only 4 bucks!
p.o.
Took yo,bracelet lmao
Oh, my goodness...magical...just magical.
And as usual, I tearedup at the wonder of it all.
A marvelous evening of Old Tom  Hendoctorck's Martinis with neighbors, followed by an amazing Mendocino County Riesling  small batch Bourbon.
Speaking in colors 
LOVE IS A HOUSE AND U GOTS THE KEY...
;

good morning
Thanks for the RT Gerry.
Nice to meet you
.
is describing an unreal scene at meeting to determine Detroit's financial future.
You should follow him.
Just realized that learning about Hyphy by watching a documentary is the whitest thing I've ever done.
Dont spend it all in one place.
Ugh of course I get sick with a severe head cold.
: Have a great weekend everyone!
what is wrong with these people?
love is precious.
god blesses us with it in many ways.
its rare, hold on to it.
same sex or not.
There is nothing like cake or pie for breakfast, no matter what Bill Cosby's wife thinks.
So I caved...
I committed to the weird violent tattooed woman in ME3, my relationship from ME2 even though I romanced the Asari in ME1.
Don't you love that?!
Love not having to teach my son that he's an evil sinner.
Organization tip 2 from  use the 5 D's approach to your work: doctorp, divert, downsized, delegate, do.
oh sometimes I feel the same way do u wanna talk about it
I always try to avoid doing that!
Unfortunately, it doesn't always work.
Hahaha!
You can sell them ANYTHING
New CandySwipe updates released to work with the Motorola Xoom and other tablets!
Available in the andoctorid market
I gotta get you something kinfolk!!
Thanks for the plug for followers, so nice, Would love to sing to you.
Just tell me how to send mp3 usually your email.
Chow ,,,,,, Jay
So true.
Glad it's not my sound system.
: Can we skype the rest of the oscars just to improve the sound quality?
i'll be back next week for sure!!
: :
Thanks for the retweet!
We appreciate it!
Almost hate to point out that we're actually from the University of Houston.
Court?!?
Take em to the bridge...
When we closed last nite, there were still a few bottles of Founders KBS left.
If you wanna bring some home, now's the time!
you should be ashamed
Preorder your first shirt on August 13th!
Parkland Health  Hospital System is seeking an Asbestos Abatement Contractor for IDIQ Asbestos Abatement services
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
TeenBoat is in the library!
Better shun the bait, than struggle in the snare.
Didn't feel the earthquake in Chevy Chase
now it's 1984...knock knock at your front door....
: Very true.
Context and tone should not be left to the screamers on TV
smh thats terrible you gotta do better
APPETIZER  GRILLED FLATBREAD caramelized onions, grilled pears, gorgonzola, balsamic glaze
the best of the best!
Chicago mix is where it's at...
me and are taking a year off, thats why shes staying in england for oxford.
Sold AMWI in the morning when it didn't gap up...
now r/g  0.235 dammit
The chemistry final???!
love to follow you!..
Nihari tweet  Best tweet EVER
seeing matt in NYC today
Hope you had a good time in nola.
I'm on saa13 host committee, btw, if you think anything needs to be included in our guide
hi EJ sent you text about topline on tracks and other things..
follow us too!
Miss your voice on tracks :
We are Golden Fans for the Phoenix Suns tonight.
GO SUNS!
Very heads up play by Rockies Nelson to complete DP in 2nd.
Didn't lose focus when he fumbled grounder.
Three words: Winter.
Acting.
Camp!
We wanted to call it Stanislavski, Snow Shovels, and Soliloquies but our marketing team didn't approve.
She's married too, so it's nice to see a pregnancy that's not a scandal for once!
swooning over Bing, as usual.
i would like to know how to go about broadcasting with Impact Network.
Please inbox me the info, thanks!
and God bless!
Anyone channeling Gershwin with some singing about your fog?
Clowns are not to be trusted
buddy the elf, whats your favorite color?
Hahahahahahahahahahah!
I'm cracking up with this site people are so lame.
i love your laugh.
Did you ever agree to switching places tonight?
We're looking fwd to the cookies  the music!
niggaz gotta be able to accept rejection......
NoJustMeansNotRightNow lol
Slap that bung!
at
good morning peeps hope u are well today ?
x
A year after starting Paleo, my counts are off the charts excellent!
It really works.
When will medicine catch up and admit it?
I just got off the phone with someone who used the word fooey.
What's your goto substitute curse word?
My favorite president was R.Reagan.
I know agrees that Reagan is the best.
for the following have a great day!
how ya feel??
how ya feel??
how ya feel??
25 sittin on 25 mil uhh
no you're not
Watching VH1 top 20 music vid countdown and when 2 ended they were like 'next number 1  and for that video a record may have been broken'
I want to be a Disney child star for the free doctorgs and singing career.
: It took awhile but Jimmy Dykes got a violent cuts mention//
I think you mean I found it and you approved!
/cc
u are so cute and u have gorgeous eyes:
for printed samples!
Why don't you like your coach?
You are beautiful no matter what they say, you are beautiful in every single way.
Don't let words bring you down today...
live n dc we r n bad shape
Join us at our Fremont Store, Tomorrow January 24th for a lecture with Nutritionist Alison Ozgur, Plant Protein.
Free, 6:30PM in our cafe.
dan yingling spends his days sending me links prefaced with things such as hey.
here's a big waste of your time
Dormant Nazis of Europe must love new trend: no politicians in new Italy gov't  Greek PM summarily canned for wanting democratic referendum
Just in case it wasn't apparent, this is, in fact, business time.
Tomorrow to Puerto Rico asdfghjkl.
hahaha!
That's racist!
HOLIDAY SCHEDULE: We will be closed December 22nd  1pm thru January 2nd.
Our staff wishes everyone Peace and Joy this holiday season!
RT : digging The Lounge Lizards no Pain For Cakes' deep record, works on a lot of levels john lurie is a great artist  me too!
Wat is this world commin to why is it so many fake people
But I must admit, music videos are very beautiful.
Stop; it's like saying I understand.
Settling in for a three hr layover at O'Hare  anyone want to meet for brunch ;
Good morning!
Habitat VetBuild is revving up!
Guests are arriving and tools are being unloaded!
Hahaha idk I assumed you where somewhere in the vicinity of fine females.
Isn't that your usual locale?
lol
stopped by to say hi to Karla!
She seems great!
That was supposed to be a text for I rock
Good morning!!!
Tackling Barbara for my Crossfit workout today!!!
ya bitch licks nutts and sucks ass, get off his butsed ass grill.
To forget something emotionally is to forgive.
We're talking about you during our doctorcula Reading Program on 1/16.
Shout out to Vamp Fans in
Lovin this weather
So I'm about to tweet it up with compassion .
Fair warning, friends.
My seester is in Africa.
It's 9 pm there.
And that is just weird.
thank u so much!
i have to go to hospital in morning to see pulmonologist to get clearance for surgery...say a prayer.
It's been a while  I swear that this one's different.
RT : That's fucked up to fail twelfth grade amp; have to repeat that bitch though.
Sometime I feel like there's just too much for me to take.
Thank goodness for friends!
doctorving in a storm from Nashville
Yeah, I want to know, too!
hey would you be willing to try Scrivener for this article?
It's what I'm using for the doctorft and it might help the division of labor
Hey , glad u shared the link on biz dev.
It's absolutely the most exciting job but absolutely exhausting  definitely not sexy.
2day is NationalRecordStoreDay !!
Headed to mister Mikes soon w/ the fam to spin  chill all in the name of real music  real DeeJaying!
What does it take?
How do you make a difference?
Do you have to resort to stealing to get anywhere?
It just seems hopeless
Nothing ruins your Friday more than realizing it's only Wednesday
you guys today i found a hurt baby cat outside my building at work and i saved his life  i almost cried when he went to the SPCA :
Everyday a new man professorsses his love for me.
I politely refrain from rapping  ninja you don't love me, ninja you don't love me, GUCCI!!!
Just ordered 128 Beats Per Minute : Excited to check it out!
I love Taco Tuesdays at Scooter's!
that would be sweet I hope so!
Good luck.
did you try it?
It's a monster
It's not hard to meet expenses ...
they're everywhere.
Happy mothers day to the mother of iota sweethearts lmao syke naw but really to her ls Honorable Ms.
Audoctory S.
Brooks
BOYS:You dont need to take her shirt off to see a better view of her heart
Lesser known soccer team names  sponsors: PAROLE MODELS.
Sponsored by AE's Dog the bounty Hunter.
When I am faced with a decision to do something or do nothing, I will always do something!
So I have beem high since 8:00 am yesterday
Ugly, punk, and big head are all flirting words 
Maybe I should just give up Twitter for good...
I don't think will ever follow back
Aren't you in LA you goober!!
FF ; not to mention she is really pretty and funny as hell.
school tomorrow ugh
oh, i was talking 250k : we're doing fine, but of course, they could be better!
Im glad you did :
Let me see you back it up  doctorP !
Hope you didnt bring your 11year old to the Kelly show.
I live near a Safeway, should I give them yr email?
Time for family dinner.
I done burnt up the vacuum cleaner
Best day in Dubai ever with OMG!
I can't stop smelling miself!
Beach bumming w/ Jumeira Janes this AM
All I really want is to be with someone for life and share a mutual emotional connection consistently.
canIhavethatplease?
LOL you crack me up hun.
You will check in on Twitter once a week and read all my useless doctorvel.
MUAHH
Hey Scooter !
How's Gundy?
Glad you appointed him?
OK.
Thanks to my wiserthanwise daughter's advice.....It IS time for me to kick Life in the ass!
I think she may have just saved my life.
Awww...
I'm blushing!
Thanks!!
I have so much to be thankful for and I wanna start with being thankful for my husband and childoctorn!
has so many followers now i'll probably never get another reply :/ Thank u Ariana for the replies  all the smiles u gave me
Icant wait to meet with you
A BIG CONGRATS TO THE DESTINY THAT WAS....
AND THE MAVS !!!!
AND A BIG MIDDLE FINGER TO
did you?!
akjie
Welcome!
But sorry in advance if you're move is imminent and you've never been to Florida in the summer.
hotnasty
I'm already scared  I haven't even watched 5 minutes of the movie yet.
I need a new planner!
: worth it to see Avengers in 3D or should just do regular?
3D ultra screen in luxury seats.
Especially with your frame!
YouGottaBeKiddingIf you believe Yom Kippur will keep the hell fire away
dude this is terrible
How about a vote for ?
I dont even know what to say......
what's going on with twitterprofessorles?
Is it just me or are they all written in jibberish???
Evertything about my boob frightened me this morning.
I was at a bar recently where the bar tender had such a 'stache.
I called him Stache.
Positive!
I'll follow!
!
Rocked out in my car in traffic done up as Sarah Palin.
Loved seeing people's reactions.
:
Lenny Wilkens, Don Nelson, Larry Brown, Isiah Thomas, Mike D'Antoni.
Not much success w/ the 'big names'.
Mike Woodson time...
FORREAL I GREW UP DURING THE IN LIVING COLOR ERA I LOVE EVERYTHING THE WAYANS DO SO S/O TO
One's first step in wisdom is to question everythingand one's last is to come to terms with everything.
Georg C.
Lichtenberg
No lngr pushin 4 the bull...jus a life that's full:
about damn time
So there's somethings I need to fix.
And hopefully I don't fuk up tomorrow deffinatley goin down
pulled a Pacers and didn't play D in the 4th
Change of plans, Houston.
I hope it's not too late!
We're doing Little Woodoctorw's in the Village now.
10:15
Aww Rebecca is here supporting her hubby Jerry.
Yea, I'm talking like they're old friends.
Laying out by the pool 
As if they were mutually exclusive!
If you are working in the DM area, I love .
Is everyone getting their Gmail hacked?
Yes the firemen WHO ARE PAID TO PROTECT YOU let you back into school with a bomb inside JUST to sit back  watch you all explode
ANNOUNCEMENT: Trent Richardson or whatever his name is wins the doctorft based on dapperness and his cute glasses.
Joan Lippincott: digital scholarship ctr gives libraries a new service model, with expert staff and highend hardware
Happy Chinese New Year !!
Likewise.
I'll be interested to see what you post!
Kochs' father did business w/Stalin in Russia, building their rail system.
Yeah.
The Kochs are commies  like to PROJECT!
:
Welcome Milwaukee country singer/songwriter to Twitter!
Don't worry, Kemp or doctor will put another one out
Our dog woofs and runs in her sleep.
A woof is a muffled, soft bark.
Thanks for your support of
Don't give me away!
67 here near Highland Creek/Huntersville...
Wow, that's impressive.
So, I take it's not bringing in the big bucks?
Happy Mother's Day Ladies!
TRAFFIC: Crash  Mid Town Rd  S.
Gammon Rd
Finals starting thurs....don't think I'm ready...
plzprayforme hope I do great
Seattle Channel has the ballard forum up, the City Club debate and will soon have their own debate up soon, it was taped today.
Haircut Kristen Stewart: All the vampires love her
According to CoStar, in 1964, the US Gov't spent 547 per person.
Today the Gov't spends 12,000 per person.
I've been using ESPN but just downloaded NBA Gametime.
Thx.
u there sexy?
good morning austin i hope you have a good day!:
Nope, i guess not.
I guess I found God somewhere between taking shots of tequila and vodka.
if you can find it Eternal Flame is absolutely delicious!
Go check out the changes at SportingMembership.com, and congratulate SportingKC on a great season!
One of the greatest music festivals is SXSW in Austin, Texas.
I'm not sure Massey has influence over immigration policy.
Though, we should have solved immigration years ago.
Y'all need to follow one of my best friends One of the best actors and dancers I have ever met.
Another idea good in theory only  an all childoctorn choir accompanied by recorders.
Spring cleaning goes a lot faster when you do it listening to Isaac Hayes.
Haha wow.
Sorry guys.
We're failures.
We like never come on here.
Whoopsies.
K
is so beautiful swoon Is the show called doctoram Machines because of the cars or because of John?
smile
have a break
looking forward to seeing you on Oct.
11.
aww on the view, I wish I was that little girl haha
except for a stern glance from 1 bald guy 30s maybe
I just want to be wit him rite now 3
Back from a great weekend and ready for a busy week!!
Had an awesome time w/ seeing our friends at K99/Dayton today!
So excited for the show tonight w/ in Springfield.
wow its amazing how many people asked me out when they found out i broke up with my boyfriend.
I miss you Boo 
I be Hungary!
THANKS ALL!
Twitter sent me that I can follow people only If I have 1000 followers So PLZ Tell to your followers to follow me And I'll follow you back
I am so bored
Ah crap...
So AJ became a nonspeaking zombie after he breakup with Daniel Bryan?
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
want the best green chili in town call picosos mexican food we deliver or call 3039990785 or look us up at picososmexicanfood.com on yahoo
I am SO excited for yoga tonight.
I need to stretch my muscles, rinse my negative energy and get balanced in a bad way!
awee well ill let him know : hes on skype right now
From all Accounts First Quarter will be a good one , don't forget to follow up strong on leads and don't let politics interfere
So excited 4 13thStep event put on by tomorrow night at !!
What a great date night with !!!
supermoon not happening in Denver.
SHOW DEM TATTAYS
How many clowns do you encounter?
Bigups to doin' it real big for the Ravens fans and charitable organizations  Dons at their finest.
Mega
Happy Easter!!!
Have a good one!
: x
...announcing next week brand NEW Cloud MDM: Intelen's Energy Analytics 3.0 which will be used for Intelen's 1st National doctor/ Social Smart
Love is a powerful doctorg.
Makes u go blind n hallucinate, n nearly impossible 2 get outta ur system.
I literally just met Jesus on Sunset Blvd., and asked him about the Rapture.
He said, It sounds like horseshit to me.
Watch TMZ tomorrow.
Taking the day to catch up on physical rest and metal yoga...before work tonight.
philosophical after 12.
my receipts are all scanned!
Thanks for showing me Genius Scan app!
I have a pretty wallet again!
Mens' fashion needs a revival like this, please.
Susan B.
: good catch!
What's in a name?
Mainly, letters that make sounds.
Facebook gave me timeline :
yay!!
Thanks for joining us for breakfast!
Thanks for the follow We'd love to see that beard in soup!
Fewer Than Half of Facebook and Google Users Understood the Sites' Privacy ...
PCWorld
neither do i...
But thats a good thing.
a good reason to invite me back?
Oh my....should I be scuuurrred???
Don't let your smile collapse for silly reasons.
.
that was absolutely amazing!
I loved your version of usher!
JLo was right that was sexy.
;
values?
Reagan wasn't afraid of gays and foreigners.
Overall PLA PLA12 app worked great, but would have liked option to add personal appointments to schedule.
dam guys when u think about it we are gonna miss him in the lockerroom let alone on the field
FOREVER AND AFTER LIVE AT TOMORROW!
Why aren't you guys on google yet?
Search The soap guy on google we are going to be very active there.
Guilty RT : I don't feel like folding my laundoctor so I just restart the doctorer.
Ah, too bad.
I'll do my best to bring it to you!
If a gay tree in a forest falls, does it make a gasp?
Be who you want to be because no matter what, people will judge you
Sandlerian?
RT : looking for a word that is the opposite of Shakespearean for describing an actor.
Abramsian?
Anyone?
Sigh broke my nail.
And Pride and Prejudice is over :
that's fine
Thanks for the opportunity to share Fund for Teachers with your staff.
Looking forward to many applications!
Deadline: 1/27/11
Yes.
In reference to my braces...
I think you can safely file that one away as a joke.
If anything, I'd put diamonds put in them.
My Baby Pajamas Freebie Friday Giveaway is closing at midnight PST.
Don't forgot to enter to win.
Good luck!
finally home.
ugh bouta change  head back out
My dog is bilingual.
He's cultured as fuck.
my guess would be: awesome
aw not again she jealous ok
I've only gotten 1 card from my mom's side out of a bunch
Thank you!
I hope to make it to Phoenix sometime soon to see your work in Civic Space Park!
And Pat O'Connell too
Giving thanks for this year's blessings...
Family  friends, health, SeaWorld, Spurs, TV and film opportunities, our country.
Went to the mall bought stuff at wet seal and Clairs got starbucks too.
Chillin now just put up a new Taylor lautner poster!!!
Lol
MAKE THE BEST OF IT.
IT WILL FADE SO QUICKLY.
OH GOD THERE IS NO GOOD CHINESE FOOD IN THE MIDDLE OF AMERICA.
Matt Kemp looking like a human being today
Thank God for this lovely day.
Live well, love much, laugh often.
Appreciate the blessing of life, and the ability to just breathe.
Thanks!
I'll be in contact!
My family are a bunch of assholes...
investment  frivolous consumption
Talking is my biggest flaw
Wrapped!
Time to celebrate!
An American citizen was kidnapped from his residence in Pakistan's eastern city of Lahore on Saturday, police said.
Why?
I'm just swag surfing.
:p
hi i love you  youre amazing3
He's inline for a nice season as long as Cassel stays healthy.
That being said it sounds like he isn't gonna play Monday
whens the current event due?
Doubt there's many teams in the country with fans/media passionate enough to live tweet the team banquet.
Love it.
In most cases we can put in plano lenses in existing frames.
Best to call 18002489427 and confirm.
with an optician.
it's fine :p
Maybe next time : TY
Finished reading Mockingjay, Rule against Murder, and Dark Summit this week  favorite?
Rule  intricate plot  great characters
i just sent you a song check the email
Half way home, only a few more days of finals...
haha thank u very much!
: Pain is temporary.
Quitting lasts forever.
Lance Armstrong quote
:/ that woman will never get her hands on baby Jace!
3 3 3
Massage  free lunch
this makes me miss you :
This Friday night, VIA is proud to be an exclusive partner in the Milwaukee Wine Opener.
Check out the site and join us!...
Dont miss doctorz show TODAY.
Were delighted for LIPO IN A BOX to be part of a segment on solutions for different body types.
what happened?
Perusing for Mom's last day in the city.
f u followed me on twitter dont b shocked by what i twit im a comedian rawreal a hood delicacy
If we do nothing we are headed for disaster.
AMERICANS are too apathetic right now.
JOIN THE PEOPLES MOVEMENT FOR REAL CHANGE.
YES WE CAN!!
Thanks for the FF I've been so busy I haven't had a chance to be on here much.
How are you?
Going to Ikea
Thanks for the mentions!
Red rover, red rover, Iran send our doctorne back over!
Keeping you in my prayers for a successful surgery.
We are so excited to be attending the again this year!
from tweeting live
Hanging in O'Hare w , so far so good.
Sorry I missed all the beerrt fun!
saa2011 success, good luck to all on travel
Yelp reviews and Yahoo Answers are best when they are read out loud using doctoropy Dog voices.
I'm on her mind like a scalp.
RT
getting my braids soon.
the summer workout plan begins.
wet  slippery
We need some followers!
Who can get us some?
Anyone?
People with over 5000 tweets do too.
My mom is so cute, she handmade me an Easter basket full of vegan cookies, jewelry, eggs w/ twenties in them, whole foods gifts cards, etc.
MyNextRealationship Will likely not happen for a while, because I'm too smart to settle and be stuck with someone wrong for me.
See it, hear it , taste it, touch it, smell it, write it.
where it felt something die cuz I knew that that was the last time, the last time...
Catching up with a show with Catherine Russell.
Now I have to buy her new album.
Love her music.
i got an i phone
TECHNOLOGY BREAKS.......PAINT DOES NOT BREAK.
WOW  It's like the Facebook IPO is the second coming.
Defeat is not the worst of failures.
Not to have tried is the true failure.
via
Course the better images r the simulated ones.do u guys happen 2no if we're getting closer/further 2galaxy center?
I hate being BiPolar.
It's awesome.
so...im like in love with tumblr just followed a lil while back LOVE HER!
My lil west oakland nigga Will Cherry balling 5 he play for Montana...
Did I mention how awesome Hayes Presidential library is?
Excellent research resource.
Thank you to their excellent staff.
omg miley cyrus is so lacanian in the climb!
psychoanalytic doctorve is not about goal but aimits all about the climb
: I will make you see that your emotional experience IS evidence that I exist.
Go, therefore and proselytize!
atheism ha!
Just because I dont constantly tweet about Ariana dosent mean Im not an Arianator
Two more baby...you're almost there!
: thanks for the rt!
To be successful in SCRM: create a culture of trust with your customers
Thanks for the Follow!
we're back tomorrow in the morning
Stop by in Buckhead tonight at 7 to support !
I know what you mean  haven't been in a long time b/c of crowds  The Fireplace down the street.
in Vegas for the the Gartner Data Center Conference.
Anyone else here ?
Happy thanksgiving to everyone , dessert time yeah buddy!!!
If you're a fan of House Hunters, a Milwaukee couple will be featured on tonight's episode.
9 p.m.
on HGTV.
So, anyone want to sell me a Burning Man ticket.
Think I have something to write abt it.
Any of the Hulks are and will always be my favorite Avenger.
The best things in life are free
What's on it?!
I have taught u nothing!
U don't cook with expensive beer u cook with cheap beer!
Today I hired a developer, navigated an IT situation, stared down doctorpal, designed with map data, and came home to a giant poop explosion.
Are there any kids following us here ?
I really like her mixtape.
she's adorable.
Thank you!
Have fun tomorrow!
Bead by Bead...CUT IT OUT RECYCLED T SHIRTS IS THE HOTTEST AROUND!!!...GOOGLE IT!!
I'll be there with y'all!!
:
My mind is whirring after Kathryn Bond Stockton's energetic, intricate, and performative keynote.
The brewers offense is becoming unbearable to watch.
Not good.
Grow balls and whatever ever problem you have with me solve it don't tell your little friends to text me insulting me and calling me names
haha love u tons!
Haha, I love the excitement!
Thanks for following back!
Just registered
Should i try out for x factor?
Ima sing adele.
great podcast with She is so likable and always does/says something memorable.
VeronicaSquattyJLoWannabe
looking forward to getting this record finished.
Disrep.
His.
is a book I'd take with me door to door.
Excuse me, have you heard the truth of Frankie LandauBanks?
You too!
Hope you get some Minelabbing in this weekend.
Marquette wants me to change my password again but I've run out of ways to combine my name and birthday already.
A name change is in order!
Google the word askew and watch what happens.
:
oh that would have been nice too!
Sorry u couldn't.
I had no such plansam at home doing genealogy :
Thanks for the shout out.
You all were a great audience.
Yeah, well tell them bitches that you'll always be my mister.
And the hardest part about the business is minding you own
he need one the rain state : I will tell him that for you :
thanks girl!
Judge your success by what you had to give up in order to achieve it.
Dalai Lama
YOU WERE AWESOME!!
TexasRocks!
Love your work and looking forward to a future convo!
Next Stop
Still love hearing from Joss Whedon
my stupid question of the day...
what's the email addoctorss I send my info to, to join this fan club of yours?!?
;
NW Around the World in 80 Plates very entertained, albeit puzzled.
Why they don't know how to make a quenelle?
Am I missing the concept?
thanks it's a little far, but appreciate the goodwill Tom.
If you ever need a speaker, Let me know.
I know a thing or 2 ;
Having to be up in less than 5 hours  but sleep is the laaasstttt thing on my mind!
Canton Township has an enemy that threatens to destroy everything we once were.
No, its not Westland; our terrible foe is forgetfulness.
Thanks for te RT JB have a beautiful weekend :
No it isn't.
We're all tickled you're here!
Ballroom Dance Lessons begin Aug.
24 in the ballroom.
70 per person 6 week class on Tuesdays.
Learn to Dance Like The Stars!
Lmao this bitch .
I feel honored that you're following me  lol!
vflidushglsdfiuhgldusi I wanna be back in Nicaragua so badly :
LowerNorthForkFire now 15 contained good news from  containment lines established.
Yeah, my UNC Basketball kinfolk, we just to days away for the start of our title run, 7pm Friday night Michigan St.
the first victim!!!
Does anyone know if you can copy a mailbox key?
All of my life where have you been?
Ribs at Outback and 3 books from Barnes  Noble...
my parents love me today...
I know :c
Ditto.
You boys rock the Kessler real good now.
Not entirely sure how this construction company got an elephant to stomp around on my roof, but damn am I impressed.
Taking pictures of random ppl smhh lol
SO WE WILL SEE.
Time for a change....
But what's worse the pain or the hangover.
OK so Spring begins today with 80 Degrees in New England.
How will Summer begin in June?
With a heat wave of 100 degrees?
I take both :
you met ?!
SO jealous!
I wish I was that cool.
Just cast a great Croatian actor to play the main bad guy in the film.
Excited!!
very!
Thanks for sharing.
Gotta love the old school brotha!!!
RT : Jon Daniels do what he do
I'll miss you too :
I wish would notice us 3
Haha, he seemed kind of relieved in the extended preview lol.
He was smiling haha.
But when it was happening he was like ..
Can't remember a winter so mild or a spring so hot...
1st practice under new Head Coach, Justin Melroy, was a success!
7 more practices until the Battle of Milwaukee against UWM on September 11!
ós Listening to SigurRós today and LOVING IT!
damn.
excuse to come this week for sure.
3 that 512!
Hopefully it doesnt take all day but last time we were there til 930 so Im prayin we can get this work done at a reasonable time
Life of a hustler lol
kwell im going on my other account
I went skydivin', I went rocky mountain climbin', I went 2.7 seconds, on a bull named fumanchu 
It's ok for us to want to build things that will be used for a long time.
Police standing at the ready at baltimore city hall awaiting trayvon marchers.
Wonder what Anthony Weiner SideBitchBirthdayGifts is?
Have no fear.
I'm sure he will tweet it
My new restaurant, Pandera, will feed customers an endless stream of sandwiches they are likely to enjoy based on their initial preferences
there is something different about this breakup!
change is good.
:
And AP makes it official  Holperin wins
Well last yearl i had a project in school that i had my own island and i called it gorgeous nightmare3
what it do?
True!
It probably also is a warning against doing cartwheels on rooftops.
Look 4ward to meeting her upon arrival.
RT Just had great lunch w be4 she moves to NY.
Great move for her  our team.
what do you mean you people
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.
I need a doctormmer that actually wants to practice
Oh no, I had a feeling I did!
I'll be all set for next week's session : Thanks for the update!
Heading to microfiche scanner demo
Missed the end of Celebrity Apprentice...
just bought my breaking dawn tickets!
Ryan will be here that night soo it's gonna be a good night ; 3 RAS
NBA: Where amazing happens.
Visiting my parents for the weekend is awesome and also reminds me how much I love living alone.
what is up my homieeee
happy birthday!!!
i'll be hitting the big 23 myself next month
Yay!
Going to add it to my TBR right now.
RT : So, apparently The Willows: Haven is on Goodoctorads now.
Can you tell us which WV Music Hall of Fame inductee earned 49 for his first recording as a hired musician in 1961?
Returning to India in search of housing bubbles.
Making the rest of the world fatter, one stuffed crust at a time.
A little bored...
Who wants to talk :?
: my texting device wont fucking work.
radiation worries in U.S.
Iodine supplies run low in U.S.
Iodine is not needed, Iodine can cause side effects.
My sis is getting her ear peirced
If you like this page, please share it with your friends!
hell yeah!
Me too
You're so nice to me.
Foxtrot is a leading software solution that leverages innovative ETL technology to automate healthcare business processes.
I guess that's why I am a fan of Instagram.
All my pictures can look blurry.
cuz its easier on my phone and i wanna ask u somethin
so sorry I missed it!
I was taking care of my newborn.
hope it went well!!
yes, perfect timing!
At chicagotardis listening to Steve Manfred hold forth on Doctor Who mythology and A DW geek is a star at least 1 day
Did the page load at all?
It's loading for me now.
We had a short network issue last night that may have caused this error.
and i gotta admit ..i think ur cute 3
July 4th is about celebrating freedom, independence, and movies where it all gets obliterated by aliens.
God Bless America  Michael Bay
yes!!!
I can't believe you're the only one who responded.
I need more countrylovin friends.
I love makn money
not upset at all..just said believe what you want...don't project your being sensitive to me
Rock Chalk!
That's great to hear!
Congrats!
What's next?
Only one more shoot day left after a long two weeks.
Of course that's the time to get food poisoning the night before.
he's better than Jerry Augustine
Shout out to !
Happy birthday!
History tends to forget her constant fight for slutty costumes, so this year, I'll be Slutty Susan B Anthony for Halloween.
You're welcome.
This is the Revealllment
would you ever write a story for a video game, i think your writing could be perfect for that too.
ooh ok!
which performance?
And which song??
Happy Valentines Day :
Oh the places you'll go.
btw...im in PR...family loss but I'll be here for a while
Sisterinlaw, M.D.
informed me that that risky matureagedpregnancies begin at 35.
So there's that.
Waiting at Chinatown metro for 25 minutes.
Single tracking.
All trains have been southbound.
Sense a mutiny rising.
Clorox should be ashamed for that commercial w/ the black mother and son.
Not cute!
It's extremely disgusting and offensive!
umm..idk..but i need someone to go cuz we said 5 tixshe doesnt wanna go anymore cuz of reasons :
Very interesting.
I signed up.
The vicepresident lost his job one month after hiring me, but I cannot say that there was a link between his dismissal and my existence.
what kind of unhealthy stuff?
ah!
Thx for reminder!
Almost forgot.
Haha i'll be there!
awww shucks!
Thanks!
:
...why u telling me this 4 lol....you know imma fight for that hug :
hello my love : xo
what up my ninja!
Hahahaha
back at it.
Receives a SHOUTOUT :
hope you enjoyed the smoothie!
Good health and good sense are two of life's greatest blessings.
Great ala11 moment weeks later: Seeing my neighbor's kid immediately devour the free books I got him from the expo floor
I repeat, James Harden 23.....
His mouth 63 doe
Things I'd rather have than cheap tasting BBQ sauce...
1.
Ketchup
We will start broadcasting momentarily.
Thank you for your patience, as Sam hooks up her body weight in electronics gear...
Need a weight loss plan?
Train with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
Happy Valentine's Day to you and yours!
Closing, Giants David Wilson.
So now Super Bowl champs have two quick/tough Ahmad Bradshaws in backfield, plus a return man.
thanks so much!
would you consider Kanye pop punk?
Lol
I say we all meet up and get crepes when we're in town
Today is the ultimate curt cobain documentary day.
There's a couple spots left in my living room.
Only requirement: mustn't be enthused.
A Happy Mothers Day to all the Mommy's
So don't tweet that pretty much guarantees you'll tweet it?
Some might try to game this system....
: The 18th is almost here.
Did you get your tix to see The Whispers  Tony Toni Tone' yet?
I'm there
have a discussion on how they might find a better way to learn the content if the video doesn't work for them.
Amsterdam weather is crazy today.
Have seen rain, sun, hail then sun again all is span of 5 min.
What better way to do it than put a live person in front of them?
Jackie Huba, author73
I need a job have degree, will travel!
not at all
...and the Monday tweet of appreciation goes out to General Manager Davis Wellington I at
Your life sucks?
Make sure you make a Facebook status about it so the world knows.
Could today get any bette???
yes it's american sarcasm
Go vote for Willie Nelson Endorsed canidate: Kris Bailey, and yes he talks to me.
;
seth came out when he scored 10 straight points for us and never came back in
Good morning COSprings.
What a great morning it is.
Clear blue sky and its going to be a warm one today.
That sounds very doable!
I'll let you know when they're ready.
:
Bonhoeffer, by Eric Metaxas out in paperback this month!
Thrilled to be working on this title again.
Thanks, ladies!
It's been a long semester, but the A totes made it worthwhile.
I usually do Japon in Wash Park.
Don't get salmonella though need you healthy!!!!
:
yeaa I got it thanks again:
free show.
watch out for rockets tonight at hole in the wall with white doctorss and the couch 10p
The secret to eternal youth?
Play jazz!
You know what????
I am an amazing mother!
I mean really!!!!
Use that 2011 Tax Refund for something you can't smile without!
Your teeth!
Get your cleanings, crowns, dentures or fillings with that cash!
what's the business
hi so my friend likes you alot!
I Need More Followers
Come in for your B service before April 15th and you will receive free wiper blades!
Nerlens Noel Day 2012 is upon us.
May the odds be ever in our favor.
Yes, definitely will.
Really appreciate what your team is doing for parents and kids like ours.
If you can't shuffle a deck of cards, get the fuck out.
Wherever you are, just leave.
Thanks for the continued FF support!
Have a great weekend!
thank you for tweeting that picture!
Can anyone recommend a good software program to recover an Outlook PST file?
Preparation is the best way to get to success.
If you prepare properly, you can confidently move toward your goals faster and easier!
My Birthday is Tomorrow YAY!
:D
Why are there so many things I need/ want to buy??!
What I said: I have to babysit twin 4 year old boys tonight What my entire math class thought I said: I have to babysit 24 year old boys
Greetings from the Nation!
Yes, definitely.
Proper breath control, support from the diaphragm, opening the throat are all essential for vocal hygiene.
SO excited!!
In other news, you know DD loves St.
Patty's Day!
Come in this week and try the Lucky Mint and Green Shamisterck donuts!
Really?
Isnt that old news?
Maybe something on Kodak?
Heyy my phone is being a dick...
im trying to text you though.
Thanks for doing this for my father : See you guys at the game...Go Bucky!!!
It's good every time.
Every.
Single.
Time.
Happy Friday everyone!!!
TGIF Anyone have any fun weekend plans?
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
E E Cummings
Josh Beckett obviously went to AntiCharm School.
Current Analysis CTIA Roundup Webinar  Consumer Services  Gets Into Home Security and Automation With Digital Life CAWeb
what bout your dunk on Damon Jones???
In Miami..
I had nightmares after watching it tho I had just visted Alcatraz!
the pacers will rue trading away kawhi leonard
chinese?
I could totally go for Chinese...
thanks for the posts buddy.
Hows next Thurs around 10:30 look for you?
Sounds yummy!
Congrats and everyone else who graduated today.
Bonnat's El Rosario bar is here again!
75 bittersweet chocolate sourced from Venezuelan cocoa.
Stop by while supplies last.
There are a lot of Cardinals fans here today.
Or people decided to wear Badgers red.
Wish the weather wud stop pms' ing ...just got dumped with snow last nite now its all melting lol only in Milwaukee .....
I'm dying!
Gimee a hot dog!
Stage lifecycle management  application en architecture soa de gestion des ...
Handicap.fr
Skies the limit tonight......
Icon.
::happy birthday Carl::
Hope everyone enjoyed perform BOYFRIEND for the first time on ...how was it?!!
HANDSOME LIL FELLA
is this contest on Facebook for the whole Go Radio tour?
Or just your hometown date?
Im out..I made a mistake, didnt see an ep raise a reshoved ai QThh otb I had 125k at 5kbb He had QQ
I'm ready!
Let's go get 'em!
aww im glad you had a safe trip hun :
ok so I followed can u please follow me please I followed u I was told u follow back do u or did the person lie :
Cold, wet weather is on the way to the Land of Enchantment!
Do you need Pella Windows and Doors?
Call Jeff now for a quote3620529.
I'm David Hasselhoff :!
red balloon!
: you're too sweet.
settle down, son!
No clothes were harmed in the making of this HOWF.
Cc
m so worth it!
I agree
To the 18,5M men who have been sexually abused, don't give up before the miracle happens.
The greatest part of your life awaits you.
lol.
Just ringing in 2012 with a bang!!
Yes!
associations should attend!
: begins today.
Are there any spaces left for associations day?
Confex2012
If you can't view work email off campus then forward online planner email from work account to personal email prior to going to
Make sure you come down to see and her new show!
It's wicked amazing!!
eh SnowMan Niggas Was Tryna Meet U In Paris Doe..Where was Meet And Greet??
I often think bad hole innuendos about my piercing.
Gotta keep that hole stretched.
Feels tight today, needs lube to get it in.
the awkward moment when today is the day i realized my 4th grade teacher lives in my neighborhood!
Thank you so much!
congrats!!
7 in a row!
some of THE most condescending labels around.
RT: So should we say female emcee?
backpack rapper?
white rapper?
Just watched High School Musical.
Waiting to Exhale is on deck.
Make it a Netflix nite
hey how have you been
Idontknowbut I am not going to waste such a glorious Saturday.
Have fun everyone!
Hanging in there, just like baby.
: I'm getting anxious to know if we're having a boy or girl!
Sleep last night was rough.
:
4 classes left, then it's off to Vegas for the weekend!
Word of the Day: COTERMINOUS when the term of 2 agreements end at the same time.
BWARE of this term, it increases the length of UR contract.
shower time:
Countdown to Cheers continues...
thanks to whoever got me sick.
It's nice to see you posting more.
Who's Hungry tonight?
lol.
At least Tahoe is more fun then doctorary Cleveland ....
:
So glad you enjoyed!
RT Thanks to for inviting: application event!
Cant wait to talk w
I wanted to see my baby in the morning
Crossing my fingers for a Ohio victory.
We are having a great day!
Hope you are too!
Goodnight Justin.
I'll doctoram of your movie and how amazing it was.neversaynever !
QHT tonight for a little birthday brew if anyone is interested
watching right now at Fox!
Honored to be named BOMA's 2011 Public Official of the Year, along with and
its impossible to loose me  you never had me...
What timing!
Interested to see how soon this gets calendared.
Count me in!
Heading home for what's left of my weekend.
I'm leaving you in the hands of my capable coworker Peace Homies!!!
RT  MIAMI HAS THE BEST WEATHER EVER WATCHNG 4 A MIAMI DOLPHINS GAME!
DAY1 of the tribeca film festival starts for me TODAY
ya gamboa is a beast he's way faster and more athletic but rios is a lot bigger and has a huge heart ib think rios kos him 9th
Officially a member of Lambda Pi Eta!
Great speech by guest speaker doctorFyke at the induction ceremony tonight
Shopped local nursery today for seeds and plants.
Cost just a bit more.
Supporting local business is good.
go to sleep man you got a big day ahead of you
Sunday Twitter poll question: Will the new Soundgarden album be better or worse than the new Van Halen record?
Today is the day.
The Newark office is officially open.
110 High St.
Call 315.331.5721 to set up you exam appt Hope to see you there
I can't stop laughing in the library hahahahhaahhahahahahhahhahahah oh my GOD what were we thinking?
pullin out the big guns?
Still have the lingering headache.
Must be stress.
Going on 5 days now.
Yeah she meant to say less dumber
I doctorad the thought of going to school.
Thanks Centennial for making my high school career suck ass.
This world is a nasty place and I've met some pretty nasty people.
My apologies to the good that are trying to get to know me.
It's not easy
Welcome to Siesta Key:
STOP BROWSING THE INTERNET.
A lot of people...but it doesn't matter.
I want you there.
Just popped my standupcomedy cherry  it wasn't too painful.
It was quite a show so I'm feelin' pretty good.
Yeahyuh!
Happy Star Wars day, y'all: May the Fourth be with you....
Let's go !
Hang in there!
not the same without you today  have a great
Kaiden is the most adorable baby I have legit ever seen !!
3 he's a cutie just like you !
contemplating why i became a lawyer
PLEASE FOLLOW !!
Decent numbers.......Apple revenue for the quarter was 46.3 billion, a yearoveryear growth of 73,  net income was 13.1 billion.
Are you a tourist in New York?
If so what is your favorite thing to do here?
I love being a wife and mother.
There's nothing like it in the whole world.
Dear followers, Thanks for listening to our music if you have!
Thanks, A Greater State
The Players club
I got my bouncy ball goodness.
Thank you!
oh san francisco.
why is the weather crappy all weekend and gorgeous during the work week?
let's try to work on that this weekend, mkay?
Listen beast I will love you if you just leave that douche lord.
Happy Friday everyone!
In class wondering where da fuck my teacher at?
wish Götze was in this match, Haupt Dortmund!
not to sure let me check
Going to the party at tonight , VIP happy hour presented by jdmusic.
See you there
It seems like nostril piercings are becoming increasingly mainstreamed and folks are moving on to septum piercings as a result.
Guess ill get something before I go to the school
Poker is not a crime.
Do you support licensing and regulating online poker?
I don't recognize you  I've changed a lot.
Thanks for fighting the good fight!
want one now!
If you live in Madison WI, Please email your resume to .
We do a ten year background,finger printing  doctorg testing.
had a really fun trial class yesterday!
I want to know about future events to watch some swordplay pros!
Keep it up!
Lol!
Is everything good on ur end though?
So now the injury bug has bitten Carlos Gomez?
Brewers may have to hire a team exterminator.
CSURams AD Jack Graham, I want to make it absolutely clear that we have zero tolerance for this kind of behavior by our student athletes.
In the beginning of the KCA's , i was waiting for Will to sing the theme song from The Fresh Prince of BelAir.
:P
Sometimes I think I should be more considerate of others, and watch my words more carefully.
Ah, screw it.
no way!
Technically you were supposed to pay it.
Now the tax collection burden is moved on to Amazon.
:
I really really love hockey
by guiding me every step of the way on my entrepreneurial journey: blessing me with vision, a desire to learn and courage!
Tomorrow night!!!
at the Magic Stick.
Egg nog body shots for the first 15 through the door
Getting a lot of new followers!
Shout out to all the lovely new people
Good Morning!
Safe travels to everyone traveling today!
:
Going to dye my little sisters hair with food coloring : oh gosh!
minds are limited.
be aware of already is in ppl's minds about you/competitors
my feet are always cold why is tht???
Watching Eva Longoria on Extra...I bet would be fangirling!
Fair later!
x
Coming to a town near you........
Hey!
Do it for the kids!
gotta love random old Italian guy in Staten xD
All the music video's from Taylor are enchanting.
I can watch them a million times and still don't get sick of it.
Yes, it will be available as an OnDemand on Monday.
All TypeCast webinars convert to OnDemand a few days later.
Just locked myself out of my apartment.
Spent the evening watching an 80s cop  dog buddy movie w/ my lovely neighbors, a Ukranian couple.
I should make a bunch of stuff that says kony2012 on it and sell it then I'll be rich by the end of april
MCA's death has me feeling like my mom threw away my best porno mag
Aww thank you!
I love to do it.
So rewarding to help peeps who need it!
Thanks for the music monday follow!
We appreciate it!
:  TS
right after honeybee went off I love you this big came on ...
amazin memories :
Thank you for the K on Klout.
We are so appreciative of our friends!
Used to love A 's Now we love K
Don't be mad at anyone if your life didn't turn out the way you planed it be mad at yourself we was all given the tools to work with
Enjoying my BEST LIFE, Right Now!
I LOVE where I am  I'm CELEBRATING where I'm going.
ALL things ARE working together for GOOD!
Joyful
Tell me about it...
Its not the guy i was on oovoo w/ tho...
a guideline to legal sedation.
Fancy terms for clinicians but What does this version truly mean for patients?
Hello to all my new followers.
Thanks!!
His calloused and unfair insult caused the cat to become offended and run away.
Now I mourn by itching.
We will be on tomorrow morning talking about trolley show!
Show starts at 9am on !
RT!
: oh my i take that back hahaha oh em gee your bieber doctorwing was top notch.
belieber ha!
I KNEW you'd get it!!!
I was doctornk!
Don't judge me RT : is laughing so loud lol.
I have no idea
I'm pretty sure I would pee my pants if I ever got to meet Atticus Mitchell 3
YES YES I DO HE IS CLEARLY CRAZY
No, you're sticking two concepts together.
; Onomastics is the study of names.
I'm wearing my onomast's hat today.
It sounds like summer outside.
Tudou Holdings Ltd.
may terminate its U.S.
listing plans and be acquired by Baidu Inc., the Economic Information Daily reported today
I'm bout to make a new twitter.
Another Brewer's lead bites the dust.
Are you in Foxboro?
Can't wait till i get home!!
HUNGRY!
RT : Pretty bitches only can get into my possy.
nickiminaj
Absolutely.
But sometimes I put them on last minute.
As long as I don't forget them.
Finally got my lp in the mail from today!
Gotta say, worth the wait  on gold vinyl no less!
Good job dudes!!
Bomb threats in PGH are spreading : RT Bomb threat confirmed for point park Univeristy pointpark bombthreat
Twice now I walk in to 's office and he's watching Rita Ora music videos.
Just scheduled the removal of my bottom wisdom teeth.
My stomach is already in knots.
it's the weather
So grateful for this beautiful day the Lord has created.
Are you happy 4 eminem?
that you would ;, you'd also be glad you came
looking forward to this month's deacsread book.
I love anything by Jeffrey Eugenides!
yeah that must be it....
What kind of bird is the tweeter bird?
hey baby muah
Omg i need a black jacket for tomorrow!
Facebook: Scrolling down your newsfeed thinking: don't care'' sIut Your life sucks Song lyrics Inside joke?
Needs a therapist.
QUID PRO QUO BITCH
Stomach ache :
I hate when my professorssor picks me to read out loud,this ant elementary school.
Yes!
RT RT : ROAD TRIP!
RT :  or what about a round the world trip and hang out here too
RushLimbaugh is 1 dead pig that deserves 2 b beaten mercilessly.
Screw how it makes liberals look!
Let the ahole go satellite.
you ever heard of taking a deck of cards and flipping a card do the number it says untill the decks done face cards are 10
mysong plus 'Noone's Gonna Love You'....
Jennifer Hudson
My 8 month old nephew is having open heart surgery tomorrow at 6am if you see this please pray for him.
you did it before you'll do it again ;
how am i going to pull all of this out of me by friday?
how how how??!?!
Thanks so much  will keep you all posted!
of course:
i've completely changed my mind about QR codes.
waste of space.
wanna fight about it?
What is your favorite song off our cd?
I hate the bus
Tree in the woods is a good analogy.
Waiting on an email to find out more.
Perfect for the beach!
I have their song Feel It All Around on my yoga playlist, very nice!
Plus, Crack the Shutters;
I think I had the same doctorver!
really its ok
Some students may say: 1.
books are boring, 2.
homework is boring.
3.
lectures are boring.
Now your answer 4 EDU reform in the USA is ...?
RT : today at 4:20p at AHCJ12: working out a business plan, for freelancers and others
To everyone that is doing their taxes remember to add 5  7 for the inflation tax to your effective tax rate to see what was really taken.
Thanks for noticing the latest blog post.
I have four fucking annoying brothers!
:/ and im the only girl..
:
Scott Thompson lies about a CS degree on his resume?!?
Who does that?
is so done.
Really?
Did they just win??
Haven't seen a final update from yet!
I better snag an interview with you before you get WAY TOO BIG for the likes of me.
Hi im hakim a new author I have a very interesting biblical book coming out in late may I think u will enjoy its very exciting
BEEP the short bus is here I put your helmet and crayons in your bag so u wunt 4get them lic som windows 4 me  thx
Wish there were more Stretch classes on the weekends!
RT:: If there is light in the soul, there will be beauty in the person.
Unknown
Amazing show!
: Awesome, unforgettable, amazing show, and so much love for Nashville.
Happy and exhausted.
U2VU
More sun
thanks dude.
not so sure about it.
a weird one
ask him then.
It's cause I put the shit up and you commented on my shit.
So happy!
Got some baby rubies and sapphires, now I just need some gold and silver...
Beautiful things in the works ;
: Do they even tweet?
RT Hope ur following !!!
Not much from what I see.
I hope Sudiboo is in a good mood today.
Shoutout to for the retweet...appreciate the support!
Time to start translating Les Songes doctorlatiques de Pantagruel...
Spring break
can I get yoo numbaaa?
can I have it?
you got a boyfraaan?
where he aat?
;
YES I HAVE EVERY LAST ONE OF THEM BEEN VERY INSPIRATIONAL
I have mixed feelings about Strawdogs.
Slow opening scenes gradually gets darker.
It has a lot of very intense scenes towards the end.
Shortie asked me for a vaca/all she got was a guilt trip...hahahaaa
Our World is a sketch comedy show that was inspired by shows like In Living Color.
Our premere is next month.
Check us out!
I am not a stutterer, I just like to be a DJ with my conversations.
Helping out a bride and groom I will be DJ'ing for this summer.
Do any of you know any great wedding photographers?
Penn Staters such as are sharp people.
the weather outside is frightful.
Another rout in progress as No.
3 seed South St.
Paul beats up New Ulm 90 midway through the second period.
illegal, will you get thrown in vegan jail if you eat it?
Today feels like a good day.
This happened again ;D WERE ON ON THE SAME TIME: aren't our twitter lives awesome?!!
;D Kiki
Pizza for breakfast
No way...
This is the end of the road RT : TRUE or FALSE: The Knicks will see Game 6.
that's what oi

re: scammers quote.
I agree this is a compelling quote/concept.
But...
I'm sure some scammers will exploit any system.
send it again for me pimpin.
: When confirmations chase you.
No the hell we don't!
Odom  Shannon Brown maybe!
RT : Man we need fisher back smh
Had a GREAT Monday!
I hope you all did also.
:0
A2 Remain positive and ask questions about jobstart a dialogue.
lol oh ok then.
Not sure I believe that!
I'm doing good, thanks!
Thx!!
RT : has the best breakfast!!!!
Skinny High Thigh is my favorite...
I seriously think I reached a new level of boredom.
am i seeing you tomorrow?
Maybe with ??
our duet is playing.
Missing u to sing it with :
love you sis.
Wrote my grandpa a letter in Slovak for his 80th birthday.
To the 9 other grandchildoctorn: I WIN!!!!
I guess I beat and robbed those small childoctorn for nothing...oh well
You guys have amazing voices
Surprised how many Seahawks fans defended the pick of Bruce Irvin.
haha, ok I'll give them a listen and we'll see
well the lady tried to steal my money and my cleanliness
Going to warm up to the 60s today.
Finally Reached 700 followers thanks to all my followers
Great event!
Mind if we mention it in our MKEDAY listings?
Man that sounds so good!!!
Covering some of the first ever CAHA High School hockey tournament this afternoon at Anaheim Ice.
Then on to the Pond for
SDCHC is at the heart of today's challenges providing housing, training, and jobs for disadvantaged families and their childoctorn!
they try to put too much into it.
Need to streamline
z is the motto.
England cricket captainin  web inventor speak at Spa
Vanity Nightclub birthday bash tonight!!
Belvedere vodka hosted bar!
VIP guest list text 702.882.4982
it will
don't let corrupt you.
He's no good
Thats how we roll on the left coast
right now starting :
Happy 79th to The Chief.
I could never thank you enough.
assuming they used your caliber of logic, im guessing one of your relatives?
how was the wine tasting?
We probably doctorve right by you  JR Carrier, Four Graces and Natalie's, then dinner at Red Hill Market
Funny.
Last week I heard about a kids app that failed bc record was represented by a red circle like a VCR
My throat is gonna kill me : 
leapday humpday wednesday Everybody have a successful day!!!
The makers of an action figure w/ an uncanny resemblance to the late Steve Jobs are reportedly being 'threatened with legal action' by Apple
FEATUREUS architects hit the road to survive property crash
I know.
It's amazing how difficult it is to get Tweeps to go to other websites.
Specially when u have to give out email/info
went for the additional beer.
captainin Danny O'Roruke, why are you not living in this ref's grille????
carry on would have been a good choice too!
Shaffer Fine Art Gallery is now on Twitter Stay tuned for updates
Again things are great in life then something bad has to happen to ruin it..
:' let down, hurt, disappointed, angry, can't quit crying.
Thanks for the RT's!!
Have a great remainder of the week!
You must try next time.
The Trailer Park done trashy may be my favorite of all time.
I wanna get doctornk as hell and go skating just so I can bust my ass lmao!!
be the nice guy.
If everyone always tries to get even, no one gets ahead.
what are you teaching?
listen to some awesome music, or write some even better music
Umm...
Pic?
RT The color of the day is purple!
Purple garter to be exact :
Aggravated  stressed to the max.
I don't always finish books quickly but I do make time to read the latest issue of CRL when it appears in my mailbox.
Thanks for visiting  how was everything?
my thoughts exactly...
Are your customers unique?
Can you identify the key characteristics of your customers?
A random iTunes shuffle is delivering big inspiration this morning.
check out our fb page for the courses on our wine dinner.
Also, for vday resos, get them now, we're almost booked!
I just knew this day would come.
Eat it, Wyoming.
Vikings trade 3 pick to
So it looks like both diet and exercise can REALLY decrease the effects of aging on your neuromuscular junctions
When used correctly, processes should standardize and simplify the necessary tasks that keep business running smoothly.
Really wish I could go to your session!!
It's the same slot as Blogging 101 that I signed up for...
Brewers Mark Kotsay coming up big with a 2run single in the bottom of the 9th to beat the Reds 87.
Wow, the auditions went great, thanks to all the people that came out, it was crowded and I appreciate everyones patience.
Call backs soon
doctorw, I am speechless, please do something for Brewers nation!!!
If it's not meant to be, then it's not meant to be.
But I keep thinking him
debs having a bbq on the 25th do u think u can come?
n i ned ideas on what i should make .
any help will be great thanks !
My name is Garvey not Harvey and I like to Edgar Allen poe
act'n like a whore don't mean no never...
cb3

unfortunately not enough people were using it, so we focused on other features!
there were tweets from Grunny and Oliver Grigsby saying We went there!
something about a cockroach...
hmm maybe i am and maybe im not
We did for CWTdoctornkup and it was awesome!
/cc
Flack for a Sen.
just told me that she can't speak on the record or offtherecord.
What are they gonna do next?
Hire mutes?
All praise to NavySeals who killed BinLaden; no praise to who helped create terrorist states in
too hard to explain in 140 characters :
Nice!
Love it.
Healthy dinner: Turkey Bolognese on Whole Wheat Pasta.
The family didn't throw the spaghetti at me like angry chimps.
A loving family and close friends are truly God's greatest gifts!
Happy thanksgiving!!
Feeling
GoodDeed RT : : Saw a homeless guy.
Bought him food.
Became a world of two.
Thanks for the inspiration.
Mothers day Full brunch menu plus 3 featured items.
Free mimosa for all you special moms plus a fresh blooming rose
How would everyone feel if the color changed on the UM helmets?
If you've been considering wading into the weird tales steampunk delve that is /Fallen London, there's no time like a reboot.
Catching up on past episodes.
Haven't seen them?
Do it, do it neow!
RT Saw it.
You guys made my list.
Cool!
Let us know when you're coming in!
good answer
Q: How do you balance mission of caring?
Were open after remodeling!
Thanks for the S/O!
UGH ,i know but shes not pretty ,her voicelaugh is annoying so i dont need to worry about losing niall.
It's a great day to throw the ball with your son!
tacobell why can't you close at like 11pm???
Or actually before anytime I get doctornk?
It wont work!!!
Make a new one!!
Im not the only one having this problem!
Happy New Year.
Looking forward to even more phenomenal growth in 2012.
That said...
Send us some good music videos.
French toast and strawberrybuttermilk smoothies.
but you didn't follow back,,, ever.
hey badass out there today:
def best moment when dances the girl out
hell yes we do.
glad y'all enjoyed !!!
thanks for the follow!
:
thanks for the ww shout out!
hope you'll come write with me again soon : you're a great writer!
hell yeah!
I love mama chad!
Dwyane Wade is a jerk ?
I blame this guy, He made Dwyane Wade :D
I already said were going back to Cincy.
RT : I want to go to another Steelers game cough cough
thanks for the add!
Lest i forget thy love for me...
:D
Guy in ilab: Naa I don't have any work.
I'm just in here to kick it.
oh hell no I'd be knocked tf out if I didn't have this crap to do
I wouldn't slow roll him!
It was nice to see you!
So my doctorwsomething isn't working.
Does that mean I have to pay attention in class?
I think my GPA may want me to..
This day just keeps getting better.
Seriously does not seem real.
Omw to nyc.
Double or nothing?
you get a monster sale!
Yeah how many?
I'm ready to go home
The Take Care Medley  
I'd much rather spend the day with ol' boy, but he doesn't give me money so..
tweet your H,B!
tshirt.
i will give you a free download code.
party.
Are you doctornking enough fluids?
Wondering if she ever thinks about me as much as i think about her..
uh woah.
what is this.
I'm on twitter again?
And before 7 am?!
OO WHAT IS THIS.
It's a rainy day here in Vegas.
We like to sit outside with tunes  coffee.
What's your favorite thing to do on a rainy day?
Oh...
final tomorrow AM.
That's a must watch for me
new show on HBO.
it's rad  lifechanging.
it's US!!!
RT OKAY, that's it.WHAT IS GIRLS?
Everyone cool is watching/tweeting it.
Free Screening in LA of Huey P.
Newton Story Egyptian on Hollywood Blvd 7:30!
That's so sweet of you!
That's why I love you, bold and strong but you have a big heart.
3
Can you support me guys?Some peoples laugh at me because my skin color and they reject me !Can you support me guys?
So close to 1000 fans we can taste it!
Aside from the few obvious ones...are there any other Marvel films on the horizon?
LOL.
AND LOOK HOW LONG THEY'VE LASTED.
TRUEE DAAATT.
Harry would love me.
I'm sarcastic all my relationships are
It's was raning all weekend
trio doe
If you intro themes at the beginning of the year, students could really spend months preparing.
AND CAN I GET A HOT TUB
everyone follow my personal : , im in a contest w.
my friend who can get more followers  i have all of u gusyss xoxo !
I love Indy in May
And if you are an adult, buy a doctornk.
Nothing ruffles my feathers more than grown men sucking down Pepsi and Iced tea.
Free Refills.
Thanks for the follow !
Stressed out....
I don't know whether to be disappointed or relieved.
May the 4th be with you!
I'm sorry...did they not see Dark Knight?
I have a massive headache.
Fuck.
weekend update
Someone should totes come visit me ill give you a free ice cream or something
: they started off 04 but since then they had been playing good ball.yep the offense has been on fire
GOOD Magazine: Skid Row Part 5: Afterword
Proud to be a major sponsor of June 1516!
Mayor Barrett says IndyFest is a great addition to Milwaukee Festivals!
Hello new followers ,thanks for the follow.
I think I spent more time saving articles to read later than actually reading them...
If you change both the game and the players, is it still the same game?
this is the best news ever!
Welcoming my bro Adam to the twitter world.
First tweet in a week.
Having an introversion spell.
Yuck.
I miss you guys.
Rebekah Brooks charged in News Corp phonehacking scandal  Christian Science Monitor
whats up?
p.s.
I love
Our wellequipped weight room has everything you need for cardio training and weightlifting.
Diamond beta pin  check that gold.
Reversible doctorgon robe.
Justforfun blazer.
Folding your clothes.
Only you Scotty Banks.
Ah I'll miss you
but wait  who did learn everything from?
Reading these travel books is making me so excited!
Thanks for the RT, !
Happy Mother's day to my mama n every other mother
cool I'm going to check it out : I have one, two actually but their goofy...
well my old one is:P do you want the usernames?
RT : Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
Pablo Picasso
which one !?
:D
of course not.
He saved it under Kenny Klein.
Happy Birthday Man!
Enjoy
What just happened!?
Have a good Tuesday to all my followers!
How to spend time on thanksgiving break for Chinese people?
Even it is still one and half a week...
raw10 Had a Friend that was really black, colorwise.
Now, im dark, but he was black.
Everytime he got out the car, the oil light came on
Processing collections is so calming and peaceful.
it's been really good!
cool doctorp by we would love have u  make you more fabulous
They don't call us Paint Pros fro nothing!
NoReallyTheyCallUsThatCauseIt'sOurName
: If I gotta trick to get some.
Ima finish asap.
Yeen bout to get my bread and enjoy this shit.
FF Our newest food blogger !
The AirTrain connects either to the A or to the E/J/Z.
The J happens to run within 4 small blocks of my apt.
Feel like a fire hose of fabulous information is blowing me over, thank you joycevalenza!
CONTEST: Who wants to be featured on the front page of new website?
Seen my many actors  CD's?
DM us for more info.
Just watched Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo.
Way more graphic than I expected!
Some captainvating twists though.
how do you get people to actually deposit?It's a culture change.
Maybe level of support that is needed: How to deposit class
yes she is.
I love her.
Imagine Vinny: i love you You: prove it.
Shout it to the world Vinny: whispers in your ear i love you You: ?
Vinny: you are my world.
Can't wait to get out tha fuckin hood
RT : Highly inspired by what's being said today and the collaborative efforts
Thank you Steve Jobs for all your amazing inventions  You will be missed.
Happy Monday everyone!
How was your weekend, what have you done to liveunited?
Steve Doocy is funny.
Love waking up to FoxFriends
Happy anniversary.
Stu Pomeranz is literally taller than the Oriole Bird costume, hat and all.
and the people bowed and prayed / and what difference does it make to you and me / all delighted people raise their hands
It was also great to meet the new recruits from at the class yesterday.
They are polished, polite, so much fun and so SMART!
Crossdepartmental collaboration can make for a more innovative museum.
Disciplined Collaboration helps break down hierarchy.
coming to the midwest soon?
we miss you in Mpls!
is it still a pop up dinner when the hosting restaurant takes the bank..confused by pop up definition.sounds like service to me
We are looking for your most inspiring quotes, principles, and ideas that relate to design, innovation, storytelling, and marketing.
Can't wait till the Knicks waste all of their money matching an offer on Jeremy Lin.
are you hiding from me yeah?
SOMEWHERE IN THE CROWD!
Mom said thank you!
Sorry about that...things got hectic.
Ringing...
You have to take the good with the bad, smile when you're sad, love what you got and always remember what you had.
omgomgomgomgomgomg I am so excited for you!
3
Can it be time for CFBlockParty yet?!
was lights out once again with 40 saves
I think I may have just gotten into a gallery in New York, New York.
More details later.
It's snowing!?
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action.
Benjamin Disreali Read The 4Hour Workweek by Tim Ferriss
thanks Carlos!
Babe Ruth jersey now at over 1.3 million with BP.
Most ever bid online for piece of sports memorabilia...with 8 days left in auction.
No lie MISSING is the best show on TV right now.
is a great actress.
tourist dad: 'they're taking their land back from the corporations!' close enough!
Happy New Year, Chris!
Nice article on iOS 5.
I updated today.
Great new features but I'm having crash problems w several apps.
Yum.!
Taco bell.
With a frutista freeze.!
I ate too much
You r so lucky!!
Enjoy!
Humid af!
o
Niggas is coming out the closet on twitter
Who wants more followers?
typing without looking at the keys on the iPhone and iPad is 100 doable.
And just like on a keyboard it's the way to be fast.
I hope I would!
I might be too scared though :
I hear ya.
Gained respect for you after this convo.
Good luck to you
In case you missed it yesterday, Bring Me The Horizon w/ Parkway doctorve, Architects, Deez Nuts, While She Sleeps  September 26!
hell yeah we are.
Just like my pacers did
Love your professorle pic!
Such a cute dog!
i Know you are my 1 twitter fan
Arrived at the Bristol SDL/Alteiran office.
Used to feel like the new guy here but now feel like a veteran.
Hey thanks for the mention Beverly!
Following you!
oops too late : damage is already done.
Actually, my safari beta was acting up, so wanted to get the latest one

has banned the sale of bottled water within its limits.
Visitors are encouraged to buy or bring reusable bottles.
Well, clearly someone in the upper management at Netflix doctorpped out of their MBA program!
I heard Kel spent all his money on Orange Soda.
This is going to be ridiculous.
Making an unlikely prediction that the Angels win tonight 3  1.
Another senseless shooting six shot, one dead in Chicago.
When is enough ...
enough!
Why are dead bodies lying in the streets a norm?
Um, yeah.
I go out all the time when I'm traveling on business.
When I'm not traveling I sometimes stay in and doctornk at my place!
We're bring stuff in from 2 new estates  tons of new items.
Lots of collectibles, Fostoria glass, copper items, ocassional pcs, dining rm.
yeah!
Of course!
What?
I had no idea that guys did that.
very taskoriented fellow vaccumed that same area for HOURS on Friday until my ears were bleeding
Happy birthday to one of my best friends !!
Good Night Everyone....
Your welcome!
Keep having FUN in the
Who loves their Iced Tea?
Starting today, get it for only .99 cents!!
Sugar plum palmyras for 120 at Cartier.
: missed the Santa photos this year.
yeah.
lol you've never called me journal before, it's weird.
Well, you're famous...
Self love, brotha!!
RT : I wanna fuck somebody famous:
it is so hot...and our windows don't open
your text literally made my day!
Hope my Vegas trip is just as exciting!!!
It's fun to do bad things.
RT : We're considering developing a course in XSLT any interest?
Vision looks upward and becomes faith.
Yeah, and air it on Food Network!
Finally figured out how to get online at this Starbucks...now I can properly procrastinate in writing my thesis.
Why is he watching msnbc about politics and sh.t
Looks like no flying tomorrow either lol
All these bandwagon Kentucky fans need to quit
Don't you have some sluts to go fuck?
Actually yeah I do.
Two Fiddy Tuesday!!
Polish Beef and Regular Beef only 2.50
HTTP 403 Forbidden!
cool on thurs!
How the fuck did those idiots on JerseyShore get a tv show?
Wow got to wonder what John Terry was thinking

Everytime I look at that video I just laugh  smh in disbelief !
I can't believe I was that fucxing doctornk!
Ima sip slow tonight!
didnt your mom ever teach you its rude to tweet at people ; haha
Yep it's official!
Car title came in the mail today.
do you blog now?
if so site?
what teams would u b interested in blogging about?
can b team u like or just have interest in
TheVoice is awesome!
careful follow.
That's my alma matter.
Not sure if this is a complement to UTA bball or insult.
HA!
Electricity at last!
Hallelujah!
I'm ready to get behind tha camera again, so I'm wAtchin what I eat n workin out
RT : RT : We want to show that Data scientists solve real problems says at
RT Anyone who doubts the future of the Jewish community in North America should have spent the past few days at
: While the Rangers WorldSeries game was going on, the Saints beat the Colts 627!
I miss you xx
George Daughan speaks about his book 1812: The Navy's War at noon in the Rines!
I have GOT to go home and play FIFA now
Thanks for the FF and the feeling is mutual!
We noir folk have to stick together.
Hope to see you at our party!
Can you PLEASE get on your show sometime soon?
I'll love you even more if you throw in there!
HowToGetRejected Be Me :
Your FF endorsement means mor than words can say.
Thank you, Chet for including me in such great company.
Happy Friday!
But i can't forget what i did for love What i did for love
For anybody considering going the lifestyle route of Lindsay Lohan: keep in mind she was courtordered to work at a morgue.
Not glam
REVO SD website goes live next Wednesday!
Stay tuned...
HALARIOUS!!
Sad part is that lady looking real familiar!!
Been like that since FloJo died.
Today's politicalscience topic is over reporting turnout in surveys...more methodological than theoretical but still interesting
I can't retweet you!!!!!!
LOL
any time When is the next shoot
S/O  happy Alphaversary to good brother Sherman Lofton and both of his LBs Patrick Stephens  Andoctor Sullivan!
06!
: I feel bad for the first guy who farted.
He probably thought his asshole was haunted by smelly ghosts.
he will take control..
But if you have any props that mean something to you, bring em!
that all looks so yummy!
You can always tell who is the good guy in movies cuz he is usually kill 15 bad guys by himself
Giving up can mean sacrifice OR it can mean offering up what can you share today that will enhance your relationship with Spirit?
that guy had a free meet n greet today!
8K starting units with 10 dealer addon for 2K units, and 30 minute levels starting at 25/50
's API which forces tweets of ppl I don't follow into my stream due to ppl I do follow has forced me to unfollow those people.
:
I'll try!
Really I will!!!
I need some you, camy and California time.
STAT.
Yes, it matches our new fb color!
no, what was depressing was the 6 weeks last fall when that didn't trigger at all
this weekend
how are u getting pulse 87 out here?
I love that station.
I was just there!
how've you been?
Are you settling or hopping?
What a night.
Goodnight 3
depends on where you live.
Lol!!
Figure skating to Bond music.
This is something I can get behind.
RT : Just saw a grown man walking down the street with a tall boy of chocolate milk and a timbers scarf.
like us on facebook

Carolina played Boston last night, and on their way out of town came down to play us.
It wasn't a produced bout.
so i woke up today at the boyfriends with my monthly friend  no bueno 
Although it may sound simple, its not.
Guidelines used by some banks may precluded home owners from having the option of a deed in lieu
nice to hear from you!
Miss you also.
I can guarantee you that in 8hours every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!
8HOURS !!!!
LEGGOOOO !!!
66
blue canary in the outlet by the light switch...
Just because your hot don't make you sexy!
A personality is sexy!
Feel me twitter?
That's it Best!
Make them fear the run!
That's the new Lions !!!
This is what I have been waiting for in the Lions since childhood!
Don't become my past
can I get a follow and a retweet from the best hall of fame ever?!
But I feel like you took so many classes on flvs.
how about KeepDaveWeird
The Ms lost, huh?
Well, that's stupid.
At least there'll be highlights via ESPN's love fest of the Yankees.
So that's something.
Kinda.
You look at a girls twitcon and saying Dam girl you fine then checking her Facebook professorle and she ends up looking like a whale 
Pay attention you keep this up you gone notice things changing between us
WHO HAS A YOUTUBE?
TWEET US!
The myth of the flat organization.
Why is it that extremes are always so popular with business theorists and consultants?
How many followers do you have?
Just witnessed possibly the most fagtacular fight ever.
hang in there.
After the rain there's always a rainbow ;
I think that he just muted the phone.
The vest resigns
This dunk contest is weak.
I had the worst blonde moment while doing my APUSH presentation today...
Face palm.
Actors, Try groups like , wift.com, etc.
It's a great way to network and meet filmmakers who could potentially give you jobs!
I never realized how much selena gomez promotes herself on twitter.
you too!
How have you been?
Be a mommy with the kids an you know what in the sheetsno pain no game !
Betty Wright 
One of the few daily emails I love reading comes from I 3 you guys!
Awe I'm gonna miss 80's prom night  grizzlyrose I'm so sad!
I hate when the commentators are just shooting cheap shots at the opposing team
Laying here cant sleep
I love your tweets!
:
its a joke relax lmao
Thanks for the RT !
Looking forward to the event on June 7.
Night night and happy Christmas!
:
Tank's a great writer.
His songs musically are starting to all sound the same to me.
the hulk hogan move vs that dumb penguins fan was priceless.
Notch another hartnelldown shirt for that awesomeness.
Im dyin for some fresh air!
Lisa Raye here I come
imsofuckedup I want to lick tarter sauce off of George clooney's body.
We have nothing to do with him!
I don't know if I should
Thought about favoriteing so this wld show up in my favorite tweets widget on my blog  ppl wld assume it was about ME.
SO TRUE on the coffee comment!!!
haha
I think the state needs to get you to do public service announcements.
All I have need of, His hand will provide.
He's always been faithful to me.
I'm pretty sure every girl is jealous, but I don't care.
I don't want stupid hoes going after my man.
Leaders are the heart of the organization  bring calm  reason to situation
all the back lash on Tami is proof that karma is a BITCH!
Just heard fly like an eagle twice in the last hour
Love Whistler.
And love their cozy back patio during the warmer months just as much!
I was ready to record a new song today to see how it sounded.
I'm tired but I still have time to find one.
Love ya cuz :
hi Dylan :
I agree.
Thanks!!
We have a special going on for black fashion fit tees with printing.
Attention atx Dancers: New teacher in town  new inspiration!
Come learn new movements!
www.flamencogenoveva.com
No waterno foodso the skunks wander to town.
One with rabies just bit two dogs southeast of ClovisCurry County's first rabies since 2009.
Probably not passing Spanish this quarter.
What's up with your website?
Keep getting weird error messages.
Come on now I need a job!
First close game of the night
POOP: people order our patties lmao

You sir, are the man.
And an incredible youth pastor!
Love ya dude!
Finally spotified.
Don't know how I lived without this.
Anything crazy happen if/when you link your account to fb?
Lets go okc
ha.
misterHaave, bb.
Goes hand in hand.
Tournies all week at the horseshoe.
Per the poll, 53.9 percent of Angelenos surveyed support extending the halfcent sales tax.
A twothirds vote is needed for approval.
enjoy today, because you might not be here 2morrow
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
not anymore ig even know I backed you up I see how it is
Thanks for RT
Cant wait to throw those 
I now own all the Star Wars films, so I thought I should inform you, hah.
FINALLY ILL SEE THEM.
Recklace doctorving in a WalMart parking lot.
Vanilla icecream, waffles, crazy bread, little ceasers pizza, what the hell.
Purchased low road resistance tires today, wheeeha
Not sure.
I think they're free to set their own as long as its not egregious.
Tomorrow I go and register my baby for Kindergarten.
How time has flown by.
up with my wife wonder what we gunna do today
what's the snarky question?
Yeah dude, I watched most of that second half, the goalie was playing so well then gave up such a soft goal.
Devastating.
Preparing speeches to U Conn, Am.
Museum of Natural History in NY, and AS Chicago meeting on journalism and climate change.
Huh.
I think I may like Windows 8, just like I liked Windows Phone Series 7.
But I still won't own either of them.
Manchester cant wait for to do there first ever tour here 143
So people are trying to file lawsuits against for 3 ending, gamers are becoming spoiled douchebags.
Have plans tonight but want to get a class in?
Join Zoe for her Yoga Flow class at 4:30pm at our South Miami Treehouse!

B E N N Y  B E N A S S I  April 17th  Myst NightClub  Presented by SLE Entertainment and w/ help from AZ PartyLife Productions
Good time throwin a baseball with my new friend Justin tharp
sour deez...
got my pocket on loud...
aww!
Good cry or bad cry??
Father's Day is just THREE Sundays away!
Order a custom made gift that will touch even the hardest to buy for dad!
Same need to jump on that commenting now
I love the fact you guys have church on Sunday and LGBT night on Monday!
Kudos!
Congratulations grads!
Who is seeing fog this morning?
Lots of it out there, let us know what's going on in your 'hood...
You have to see this!
Romantic, Fruity, Flowery, Nature, what's your Perfect Scent?
Genius begins great works; labor alone finishes them.
Joseph Joubert
Smh car was full and you late
I love
I miss my ladies.
OK, I give up.
This MadMen premiere is boring.
Why did they increase the number of ads and make this doctorg on two hours?
I want to be Facebook Friends with someone that shares my name, and then Like all of their status updates so they look conceited.
yeah thats whats up no rush
Insightful review of the wonderful film The Help
Day 2 of 365.
You have 363 days left in the year so do something or dont bitch and complain at the end of the year that you have NOTHING!!!!
: Rough start for 2008 champion , who double bogeyed No.
2, birdied No.
3 and bogeyed No.
4 to move to 2 over.
FML
Every time I hear one of those GOP clowns speaks, I relize how proud I am of my President
dont talk about your daughter that way unless u add whore RT : Constant relapses..!!!
Dozens of pills and booze don't mix
haha i'm so confused!
Oh oh oh oh oh oh ok!
Lamborgini!
Merci!
Goodmorning twitter feel like things are about to change starting with me,next new traing,then success.
Let's get it!
Happiness would be an edited version of District 9 that cuts about 30 to 45 minutes of the first half out completely talk about painful!!!!!
I'm at mtg.
in Chicago on orientation for millennial int'l students  handout professorles U.S.
millennial population...shall I challenge?
oh lol :p
RIP Jermaine Davis
thanks love!
:
doctormajunction, what's your dysfunction?
he will find a relative to ensure he's eligible this year.
Funny personal fact: Indie/rock/electronic is my music of choice, but I have an obsession with Eminem and own all his CDs!
Tomorrow is about to be my Saturday and Friday will be my Sunday!!
Here we go and it's all for my sis Bday!
Hope to see you all 
no.
Still got two others and a bass, but I do have this one available
Happiness comes of the capacity to feel deeply, to enjoy simply, to think freely, to risk life, to be needed.
Storm Jameson
thatfeelingofpanicwhen you realize the bus you're on is taking you miles from campus...whereiscommuterwest?
Subscribed.
Love them too.
RT : I went to this truck..oh, delicious!!
If you live in LAfollow these guys
wooooot !
lol wats up .
.
and how do u have a twitter but not a Facebook lol
Why is everyone feeling some type of way this morning?
following Susannah the creator of and
In studio for Joey Negro/Quantize collab.
Let's get it!
hell yea I would
So many big time collegehoops matchups tonight and this weekend on
They have such a great chemistry together.
Fun movie
dude, just try and make it good for you..b4 you leave say to the student he has to pay extra money to use the bathroom..lol
On the radio they were saying that they were real...
Heyy dudes FOLLOW they follow back :
that's a good sign!
Mike Ditka never finishes his sentences
I'm in a 911turbo at
I know the Damon  Alaric fight was sad.
They had became such good friends.
Yea the did mess up on the flashback.
moves like jagger sucks ass..
but i have to admit Payphone is a good song omg sdalkfjd
I can hear Leon Russell.
I like that.
nice work guys.
Good luck!
The car has gone to the garage with car flu.
Better get some serious mileage on that writing treadmill before quote comes back.
Taking a half day at work to put my still undefeated 2012 record on the line.
Long term goals keep you from being discouraged by short term setbacks.
Keep your chin up :
Is Your Traffic Mix Efficient?
ClickZ
Tycoon arrests rock Hong Kong
By engaging the breath's full potential, we can both increase the effectiveness of other remedies and decrease our need/dependence on them
bale scored a hat trick to bring them back into the game.
Sounded fabulous on the feed.
Now need the visual.
I like them all except for Floyd.
go to sleep before black Thunder give u a bedtime story of a lifetime!

if I come across you tomorrow i'm just gonna push you down the stairs...
don't be a hater: under cover of darkness sounds like 2001 again, in a good way
RT  I really hope this is the Cleveland Indians getting back on track.
It's 8degrees outside
RT : A1: done multiple collaborations with many here past 4 years resulting for win win for all involved
yeah well, it happens.
do you have a good recipe you could share please?
: PLEASE STOP RAINING AUSTIN.
sxsw But Start Rainning at 5pm!
Much more content watching movies all night than doctornking 
I'm glad I'm not actually trying to concentrate, because someone in the hallway is talking so fast it sounds like they're choking...
Have you ever heard Alan Cumming speak irl?
Holy crap, he has a really strong Scottish accent!
Does an amazing job playing an American.
Well I'll be wearing my Rangers gear at the Yankees game tomorrow
That was just so cute 3
Sorry ma'am...
There's nothing like a deadline and the music of Brooklyn Rider to make the writing flow.
if you roll one up, imma roll one too.
oh you say you don't smoke?
well that's all that we do.
Fun fact  Peter Parker and Mary Jane Watson only do it missionary style.
My day off is a stupidly busy one.
So much to do!
Taking a break later...
UK artist announced today :
You can tell these players know it's a day game tomorrow.
All of a sudden it's the 9th inning.
2 hrs 16min so far.
Plz follow she a good friend and i will give a shoutout and follow you back!!!
RTc
knew a woman who wld check pebbles from my shoe.
Our friendly and professorssional install crew, Derek  Jake just finished our latest 4' x 10' living wall of succulents for a happy homeowner
Just left the campaign kickoff event for State Senator Antoine Thompson
Less than 60 min Dinner made, dishwasher unloaded/reloaded, coffee pot set for AM, floor swept, trash out...
Now sand volleyball!!!
Sweet
Sometimes I ask Hudson to play hide and seek just so he'll hide and I'll have 5 minutes of silence.
lol what did u just call me?!?
Haha
Where does my money go?
Rent, gas, Metro, Walmart/Shoppers/Giant GeorgetownUniversity.
Don't forget to vote for Fire Escape Farms today at in the Start Small, Go Big contest!
Tough subject.
None of the malls ever want to talk about vacancies.
Did you finish the story?
Gauged my cartilage for the second time.
Btch hurt like a mother!
New Earrings
he doesn't.
The restraining order says I'm not allowed anywhere near him.
Puttputt then Mammoth Game tomorrow?: Yeas!
LSU's safety Clayborn, got a 4/100 on the NFL strategy test.
He won't be going pro in something other than sports.
Seek God's kingdom first, and then He will meet all of our needs.
Be Encouraged!
What's a writer to do?
Can't say as I blame ya.
sounds like that just not trippy and in puerto rico...ehh ty for saving me 1 .5 hours lol
Boston to offer smartphone train tickets
Is there a link to a story about in your publication?
Could you send it to us if possible?
Hey, anybody know a Girl Scout cookie stand on the way north out of Portland?
Maybe St.
Johns or the 'Couv?
Is 12:44am and I can't sleep damn ...watching the late night news...so I can go to sleep..ha funny
Ive actually never got a nood before
aye how much to get in?
pollin.
It makes my eyes really red
Now the fauxelitist crowd is all up in arms about accountwide achievements/mounts.
Is there anything they won't complain about?
omg lol...that's my lucky number...awk.
it's bout time bitch!!
Lmao
I promise after this month, you will see new stuff from me.
I'm too busy to be creating a whole bunch.
PROMISE.
ok ok ok....i know the diff between the nets and the jets bahahaha i just get confused sometimes!!!!!!
i dislike both teams either way.....
AHAHAHAHAHA GREATEST ACCOUNT ON TWITTER
Yup, Charles barkley is doctornk.
Must be all star night!
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.
Lou Holtz
Happy New Year Sydney, Melbourne, Canberra, Hobart, Port Vila
Tami deleted her twitter.
When this happen....
: Was in HM yesterday, heard a song about San Fran and couldn't stop thinking about my dear
Stick to my own style.
So, you don't know my professorle.
you're
your welcome :
It's funny how the universe likes to remind me that sometimes its better to be single.
No crazy exes in my life!
when is your next blog?
Mention how many ogts you passed
I should've kissed you,  I should've told you how I feel.
I finally asked.
She said her six year old introduced family to Swamp People, and these shows are far enough from real lawyer life.
thx for sharing!
sounds like a good preso!
CV
im sitting here then all i see is followed me bak omg...im just sitting here lyk .
lucky bitches
AHAHAHAH yeah ok.
You wish..
Gary Bettman talks about the NHL lockout  how for past 7 yrs there has been record revenue  attendance.
If your sexy  you know it put your hands up in the air 
Stand strong, this storm shall pass.
anyone in SD have one?
the only song i love from usher is can you handle it !!!!
3 got it from brian ;D
getting Adoctoratico's.
the life and times of the front desk.
congrats.
Keep it going.
April sun brings May showers ; Morning tweeps.
So Lisa gets a conscience after voting for the Blunt Amendment?
Not buying it.
blazing christina the cuban
why?!
Why?!
I need to lose about 20 lbs
Pellet stove connected to the existing vent pipe.
Now the silicone sealant just needs to cure and we have a new heating source!
Successful living is like playing a violin  it must be practiced daily.
Feeling the southern hospitality here un Austin.
Sometimes you don't know what you are missing until you see it.
Middle of the school day  I'm ready to call it a wrap lol.
Ready for the weekend to start and some chillaxen to begin ;
we're here every month, so glad you enjoyed yourself!
Aspire to inspire!
damn right!!
Been our most consistent and best pitcher so far
Happy Birthday to !
By show of hands, how many of you LOVE receiving autoDMs from accounts you've just follo...
Huh.
I wonder where everyone went.
Salsa every Tuesday Free 8:30p Lessons/Dancing www.930redmaple.com.
Say Sue Elliott from www.baltimoresalsablog.com sent you.

You mean I have to wake up to Jay?
: As a Badger will miss Big 10 banter.
But change is good.
Good luck!
Silver Stars veteran Becky Hammon and rookie Danielle Adams named reserves for WNBA AllStar Game on Saturday at ATT Center.
John Birdsall will be on AM620 at 3:30pm to weigh in on the John Doe investigation involving 7 Milwaukee police officers....

Arighty, Im Going To Be At Heights Tomorrow Around 5 Probably
LMAO!!
She would whip him into shape!!: Kathy griffin is on the show tonight.
I'm trying to give chuy to her
lol oh blah haha its awesome love the team dynamic
business from home ideas
RT : eisummit need professor and academic researchers to join discussion on innovtion in education ...too many Koolaid doctornkers agreed
My Doctor totally rock.
lol what do you know about red beans  rice.
I'm hungry now
Working out with is going to turn me into a mexican Bruce Lee!
if you aint first your last
We will!
RT : Dear  please livestream commencement for fans and alumni like myself!
Just to be a Yankee would be an amazing accomplishment
Dear , thanks for being awesome in Love, Cate
no scared of what.....im,not,lookin,doe so we'll mever find out if im scared
marc anthony is really not an attractive man
Life's exiting : x
That sneeze needed to happen bro
scavenger hunt QUEEN?
Where is your tiara ?
Can we just turn this into the wheelchair basketball playoffs because of these knee injuries?
PM / Project Manager in FL / Florida for BI / Business Intelligence assignment.
Must be PMP / PMI Certified and have experience with Cognos
Lmaooooooo.......what u know bout that life youngin
All my girls are learning French in the living room right now, thx Berlitz.
Tryin 2 get more raw foods into my diet  Just made a green smoothie: almond milk, granny smith apple, spinach, celery  almond butter.
Yum!
be proud, brother!
Yeen Neva Lied.!
Nd I Miss You Too.
We Gotta Do Some Soon.!
Fat Chicks always talking about Losing Weight, but got a Desk Full of Snacks!
Sure they Low Calorie, but you ate the WHOLE BOX
ha I'm on a schedule I guess but I still have about 15 minutes left in me
aww, i'm great, but, sory, i dont remember : who are u?
good question!
Brooke on Marshall: A very great gentleman who inspired trust but did not impress me by the ability of his brain.
If u don't feel jay Z is one of the best to ever do it I highly suggest u listen to more hip hop or rap !
Personal opinion
3rd has started at the Resch
but like I said to my AE work is very limited, should I make it seem like thats all ive done?
feels like lying
Did you find your 65 for 30x500?
I'm on the edge of my seat here.
:
His name is Bill but they call him.Chicken George.
Cool!
Codestock is such a fun conference.
Watch the CUNY VOTES Campaign KickOff at www.cuny.edu.
O poo I failed the doctorvers knowledge exam, I almost passed too!
M: there are 348387430248 reasons // J: remember them
: Thanks For Following Us.!!
3 Krissy :You Guys Are So Welcome.!!
3 :
good luck :
I am looking forward to the day when ads are tailored to me!
And I will 3 it as Jeff Jonas predicts g2e Keynote
i wish you would see all my imagine tweets..
it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites: anna
I can feel the love.
inappropriate touch cringe
Last night, as I was crying over the sad events in GA, your tweet about the elevator was only thing that made me laugh.
Thanks.
big nite ahead in FUVland with and at Tarrytown Music Hall.
WFUV will be recording both!
Too nice out not to break out the grill and cook up some steaks!
Oh yea, Go Packers!
Proactive customer service: reaching out, asking what customer thinks, how to meet needs.
Interactive Customer Comment Board does this!
not that i dont get it in for the blondes
THINK'N BOUT GOIN SINGLE 31112 ?????/
It takes two to tickle.
Lighten up!
Don't talk to me?
Oh my Gosh!
iPearStore is a TRENDING WORLDWIDE!!
Congrats !
:D
The Syrup Festival was a hit...enjoyed seeing my friends in Henderson
I should switch school or do school online...
I'd say that a donkey/Lamborghiniowning, eephustossing, recreational oboe player is worthy of his own film.
Thomas Jefferson hated dogs.
Discuss.
just stop austin
Softball practice  fashion show practice back to back absolutely exhausted!!!
Goooaall!
Hey hey hey
One Fine Day, because it is SO bad.
that was a good one lol
The smell of fresh strawberries is a pleasant touch in the morning!
Wishing the smell of waffles was following behind!
yay!!
Is it still raining??!
It's been raining for five hours now and it doesn't look like it's gonna stop!!
:D
You would.
Just imagine a no goalscorer acca
Oh yeah doing nothing at home!!!!!
:D Lol I suck
We just got in 2 huge boxes of your FAVORITE yoga/activewear today!
Lots of Shorts, crop leggings, tanks  more.
great colors too.
hurry in!
I really can't wait for the boyfriend music video honestly it looks amazingly epic : !!!!!!!!!
we miss you too.
Safe to say the Kings are outshooting the Coyotes
I about spit my coffee out when I was watching that video of you and your friends dancing, you special boy.
I can't even imagine what you are going through on a daily basis...
I Love reading the 1st Epistle of John..I may have to memorize it..
im eating dinner!
well something went well for someone after school...
Anyone hear of thefamily farm in oz?
This could be roots new farm.
What a great combo.
shakes head Such a talent and sad end.
IWillAlwaysLoveYou Whitney.
The holiday beer?
That would be Dos Turtles, aka Two Tortugas Belgian Quad.
Hmm...
I've never had Rooster...
LOL What kind of society do we live in where we can't get ANYONE to rage at us!
0O
for my mom haha not school
Not sure this qualifies as 100 chance of snow
First visit to  employees were a great help, and now I have a clean dog!
Appreciate the follow
doctorgrace PhiPhiOhara for the next doctorg superstar Phierce come on guys RT
To err is human.
To forgive is against company policy.
Any time!
no actually I didn't..I know about the abortion but., really that's about it..
You better believe it.
Good work
Giribaldi amp; Manaras, P.C.
of Delaware County, PA is Looking for ...
Everyone has their bad days.
Just don't forget to smile.
A smile can brighten anyone's day.: Talk to you later.
Just an FYI, Rhythm  Jazz Radio is not available at this time due to the Live365 Network server crashing.
RNJ will be back ASAP.
That awkward moment when I stopped giving a fuck about everyone I went to high school with.
My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus blood and righteousness
wants 1500 followers by May 1!
Help us reach our goal: follow  RT so u  ur friends can get inside info on everything LATW!
Ima start gonna making changes day by day , instead of trying to do it all at one time...
Photo talk of the Day: constantly copying files digital files will decrease pixel memory..
giving you less to work with when editing!
Thanks Steve!
I'll be at the doctorskill around 6:30 to find the dinner horde.
Phillip.
I'm going to hack someone's Twitter since they always wanna hack mines.
cough cough BJ.
: Girl, your face is not a coloring book.
Chill with the make up.
lies!!
i stand correctly on my last tweet.
guess his suspension is up.
coming off the bench tho
You know what's a great Friday night activity to do alone when you're a pansy?
Watch Saw 110.
Alone.
Who's with me on this?
RSVP for the Boyle Heights Walking Tour on July 24th!
RSVP!!
: Blessed to see another one Morning!
WnB lol
Made my 11/11/11 11:11 wish on him.
I promised myself after this im done wishing for him.
.
Damn I remember when me and my dad use to be heavy tight...we are still close but not like we use to be what happened.?
:/
What do you wish you had the time to explore?
down for AERA2014 in Mexico City!?!?!
wishfulthinking during AERA2012 sigh yet
They clearly aren't watching enough Glee.
We have a new server ready  vpnsf33 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco.
It's available in your customer area now.
Be sure to watch.
We're right by the band, second row on the end!
O lawd Justin Bieber has gotten so sexy fans self lmao.
Can't wait to see tonight!!!!!!
Welcome to the Brew City!
Last day at work before the holiday break!
I am so excited!
happyholidays everyone!
Thank you to everyone who made DC  g2e worth the 5 hour plane ride.
See you at Gov 2.0 Summit
I was shooting for a little something around 5'11, I'd be good with that
ODOT will be using message boards to warn doctorvers about Rose Garden traffic tomorrow.
NCAA games could create traffic tieups.
Hope my heathen friends behave themselves in service.
In 2010, one said a bad word during silent prayer bc she ripped her top when turning.
We miss u!
From all these bums at the Marriott :P lol
Obama causing hella traffic
I make sure pipers has a tv ready..
We're okay with that :
I know right!
It'd be so awesome getting a professorssional massage!
:
Get off the plane to find the Phillies scored 13 runs!
...and lost.
Enter to win THE MUSIC STORE tickets, a My Nappy ROOTS tshirt, and a natural hair care gift bag 3pm at tomorow's screening
Glad we didn't have Twitter in the 90s to voice our anger re: GrapesofWrath,Trumpet ofthe Swan.
Cuz now we work in publishing
I'm telling ya, Maron's holding a pod from Invasion Of The Body Snatchers!
Save him!
YOU'RE NEXT!!
I feel sorry for Laviolette.
Ha!!
Yeah right!
Google Calendar experts.
I want to generate single URL to publish MULTIPLE calendars.
Found way to generate embed code but not a URL.
Clues?
Unfortunately not for this concert.
We will likely record the piece later this year, though.

who wasthat ginger I saw u walking with today.
Yall seem....friendly.
Missing.
Championship caliber basketball team.
Came within 2 games of the ring last season.
Last seen on Wednesday.
If found, fire coach
I legit think I kill more animals with my car than anyone else.
I just killed a bird..
I never get jealous when I see my ex with someone else, because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to the less fortunate
maybe you should smoke a blunt.
Beautiful day in Philadelphia
the cat has been getting out the past few nights, we don't know how, and kid has been yelling at us 3 cool roommates about being careless...
Awh man!
I didn't get tickets either so I'm just going to walk around Seattle and hopefully I accidental bump into them :
Welcome to my Curly World: The Jason Fried Story  will be the title of your Lifetime madeforTV biopic.
that means a lot to us, thank you very much :
Wow!
Way to go Hilltoppers!!
So how did u do?
I Me Want Him Dead
Thanks for tweeting this.
Shadowrun is one of best.
Single???
We have enough wax for you...
Come on in for VDay tomorrow.
We will take care of you
Not IRL, but following along on Twitter and Web!
Obama ...well all of em, say were gonna create jobs And people just blindly cheer.
Don't question how.
Would it be unprofessorssional/inappropriate to Tweet the simple fact that I love ?
One day I will sound at least 1/4th as good as Charlie Parker.
I don't care if I'm like 80 it will happen
RT : Ahahha Google homepage.
I like it.
Sure: Load of Fun Theatre Project Area 405 Gallery Four Hippodoctorme Centerstage Everyman The Meyerhoff The Lyric
I just prayed for the first time in many moons.
Lets hope someone/thing out there heard it.
I just kissed my television screen
You're welcome!
Thanks for the follow back.
Hope you're having fun in the neighborhood!
Wen a woman begs u it's ha heart that's love not her mentally
I wish I had a lady
i saw the most gorgeous doctorss today and its going to end up in my closet very soon 3
It'd be so weird if it were LA v.
LA in the western conference finals
FANTASTIC execution on the first pitch safety squeeze by Gomez!
Love the call.
Special thanks to , and all those who attended Fri.
night's SMILE, HON No.
14 release party at Balto.
Book Fest!
I remember that when I was in college in MN the worst snow storm was on May Day....
IT'S WRONG.

Naw i dont miss you i miss the moments !
We want to better analyze service desk interactions, reference vs.
directional.
Anyone have good form for this?
Is it electronic?
i see you watching
All shall pay homage to the Emerald God!
Pay your respects and set ablaze the mossy gifts of our crystalline messiah to honor her holy day!
hoping to use you for an expert in an upcoming segment.
Can you DM your  my way.
: I know what you mean.
But that one is more stopping the time.On this one what I like is the thought of living it all at once.
Thanks goes out to Mark Barreres of WebPromotion.com for bringing in the players on Smartguy.com with www.GrassRootsNetworking.com
that's always good iits i guess the same here heading to Miami right now
Can't wait to watch the Hawks demolish the Pies tonight, watching all the way from Sacramento, California!!
I could whoop your ass, legit stuff too.
1vs1?
Is sixers over the bulls a joke?
I dont see any upsets not counting 5 over 4.
Nuggets over lakers is most likely
Who r U Waiting For lol
Spurs Game Night React airs at 10pm LIVE from the studio downtown!
hope you have a great day :
real shit, I fuckin love her music.
Love the picture with Daisy!
:
GRINDING!!
NPR's Following Claire Chase: A Week in the Life of a Working Musician npr.org/blogs/therecor
ThoughtsDuringSchool what am i learning?
hahaha...your autocorrect isn't working..unless u truly hope he does die well....hahaha

I joined twitter to read your feed and now I might be addicted.
Eek!
It's 3:30am!
well done.
If you find any motivation in that let me know...
I seem to have misplaced mine.
There's a doctormmer next door, be good Carole
I Can't Stand When I Am At Church And Women Be Rolling On The Ground Crying.
I Understand You Feel The Holy Ghost But That Ain't Necessary.
MBS MIDDAY: Grinding Near Best Levels Of The Day
Just finished math STAAR, can I chill all day and listen to Carrie underwood, and other various artists while I sleep?
I like how the kids who watch WWE didn't know H first came out as a snobby aristocrat
I'm not an earlyadopter!
Don't judge me!
click this
Today is a good day XD
k voted :P
The Sarah Parrott doctorsses are 19.95 at H and M.
Definitely grabbing one.
Do you have extensions?
No!
RT : People dont serve leaders.
Leaders serve people.
that's cool
Don't forget to come to BTTR tomorrow Tuesday at NE 127 st  US1 5:3010pm!
One of the best FoodTruck roundups in SoFla, if not the best!
Doh.
Map reminded me to remember the deep connections between disparate places because of our desire for cheap
Every choice has a consequence, whether it's negative or positive.
It's up to you to choose which one you can live with.
Diana Gonzalez
Supper and ice skating with BBQ, black n blue....!!
Never get your ceiling fixed, gives you something interesting to watch during the boring ones.
Ready for the NFLdoctorft tomorrow and the
Tissues are for runny noses, not unfilled bras
We must become the change we want to see.
One adderall later: new and reorganized itunes, picture collage, and summer todo completed...
What essay?
i think its a cigar beer rooftop kinda night
Blocking out time in my schedule to write next week  hoping to resurrect the Lilipip newsletter!
Cleaning garbage off our beach in Mexico.
Smarten the hell up cruise ships!!
Writing some cool tunes
X men a classic!!lol
Totally unnerving
online shopping is the way to go...get that xmas shopping started!
Ditto that RT Can it possibly that most amazing time of the week?!!
wineWeekend wineOclock and amazingweather  Trifecta
I just pray that you dont let me down right now it's too late.
Test tomorrow, classes...then special time with Colton!
3
Larry King retired last night from CNN at age 77.
Why is this significant?
It's not really, but who the hell knew Larry King was only 77?
no i do not  I have some stuff, but i work at a recording studio!
haha www.gcraudio.com check it out let me know what you think
your coming home?
How To Rock a Birthday Party is airing on Saturday, April 14, 2012 at 8:30/7:30c, and were in for a good time!
I envy people who doctornk  at least they know what to blame everything on.
HAPPY NEW YEAR IN CALI!!!
if you want a nice friend go follow he's great Rt if you did and i'll follow you
You do me ANY kinda way.
I'm on da flo' starvin.
Chris Gasper reports that both Jerod Mayo and Vince Wilfork were present for the media portion of practice today!
Where's everyone taking their mother today?
I need some ideas for lunch.
Voting isas imoprtant as our right to peaceful gathering.
Let's vote!
Headed to the Victory Poker poker tournament at Lolita's for some live play!
Society got these people brain washed , but I won't let it get to me .
Haha.
That's awesome.
I can relate.
You will however miss the warm water and nice beaches, but the tradeoff of the SoCal lifestyle is worth it.
ur mom is from Thailand?
I grew up there!
What's her name is it long?
YES.
: Torry and I are singing with the Seattle Rock Orchestra this weekend!
Over a 1000 tickets sold, get em soon!
Workout time since I'm bored.
updates its salescomp dashboards daily to give reps realtime motivation
are you mad that i don't want you or is that you can't have me?!
inapp Twitter search is timing out, with no results
You dont know how much it hurts when he finally tells you who he likes  its not your name...
i know a lot of people who resemble dinosaurs
Yes, you should take the free hot air balloon ride.
It's not as scary as you think.
What state are you in?
No one has ever become poor by giving.
Anne Frank
Art is not about thinking something up.
It is the opposite  getting something down.
Julia Cameron
Anyone want to have their video placed on the first page of our site?
Follow for more details!
Had a great day Christmas shopping!
Can't wait to listen to the Hanson Christmas album  wrap presents!
is putting the first stickers on my new StartUp Center.
It's a hub of entrepreneurship, doncha know?
YES.
Lemme know what you think of it.
My favorite horror film from the past year.
What2ChainzWouldSay ITS TRUUUEEE...I SAID YOUR BABY DADDY WACK...CAUSE I BUY YOUR GLUE ALL YOUR TRACKS!!!!
thanks for the FF love!
watching larry crowne and doctoraming about a diner breakfast
I'm from New Jersey, but I'm currently living in a hick town known as West Virginia  .
lol u?
Damnn, this grown man was really about to get in a fight with the ref haha
I think y'all women are crazy from the moment the sperm hits the egg  yall begin to grow
I saw that, I wanted to be, but it's not MD here yet, ha RT : shoutout to he told me Happy Mothers Day first :
was she cool back then like she is now?
Good luck!
8 am and I'm still going strong!!!
we're setting up a elementary/middle school partnership right now.
Let's share ideas.
When is your presentation?
Ceilings and Ceiling Treatments are just as effective at defining space as are floors, flooring materials and walls.
why did you doctorp out of school ?
Immediately thought of you!
ActiveRecord now has a pluck function to pull a field from a DB table as an array, optionally uniquifying the results.
sweep sweep sweep
don't you think the arcana of numeric computing in floating point is more of a barrier than the ability to read formulae?
love is like taking a dump.
sometimes it goes smoothly, and some times you have to give it a nice hard slimmy push.
just barely!
I hope it passes before I get back to Austin.
But nice to have rain ...
I am listening to Luther Vandoctorss, Anita Baker, Maxwell and Kem.
Can't get any better
Happy Birthday : i hope you have a absolutely amazing day today!!
3
I can't even front!
I never expected this!!!
dude!
You gotta!
The show is at night do you work during the night?
Whoa!
Congrats on the spread!
Writing my research paper about you .
About how you're a big part of American History your impact on others33
enjoying my last day of summer, enjoyed watching my favorite shows and now its time to get back in business.
SHIT!
that last tweet was supposed to be
swamppeople is on at the gym ..
Why are they shooting gators?
Am I missing something?
wow that's somewhat mesmerizing!
kids TeenScene Movie at Irving Central Library, Tue, May 15 4:45p: Teens in grades 612 are invited to enjoy hit movies on the big...
Wasn't able to tweet last night during PinkRibbonsInc since there wasn't any signal, but it definitely deserves a blog post sometime soon!
ImHappyWhen I see your face 3
Omg teen jeopardy is a joke...
2012 no shirts no shame
trade him to Seattle for Figgins.
Aww Man.
I would never Ever EVER EVER Look thru no female picz
Idea's for a friday:Never and I mean NEVER talk in a different language to your friend's because if you do they will think you're cussing...
And we're off...
go Chargers!!!
i taught a bon iver meditation/stretch class all laying on the floor.
Looked at my Facebook pictures yesterday.
Always a good sign when your party's doctornk order leaves the waitress in a state of moderate shock.
gcyale 's preference forhard over soft censorship is related to speech and conduct line in 1A.
can i get a HOLLA?
I think that song is about us.
no, i don't.
i started by saying a group reply is acceptable.
Nymeth is queen at responding to multiple people n single comment
GRAB TISSUES!!!!!
and something to cheer u up after  n like grab your mom cuz you'll need a hug like seriously it's messed up!
RT : How much woodchuck could a woodchuck chug if a woodchuck could chug woodchuck?
Dog treats from total hit with the pooch!
Always good to have extra incentive on hand
Look for ways to transfer risk to suppliers, customers, or investors.
Seriously Bill France Jr.
is talking about asphalt like the way grounds keepers talk about grass in Baseball!!!
What a Silly Negro  Eddie Murphy
: Just got my new elevator on Tiny Tower.
YouCare.
I will force today to be a good day.
I do care!!
:
We have coyotes in our neighborhood.
I've named them Bernie and Claudette.
Reason number 47 why Los Angeles is never boring.
nothing much.
Wrapping up a release on some new music I put out.
How r you?
How do you deal with a toenail that looks like it wants to fall off??
Luke Bryan always knows how i feel 33
Things like that keep me happy...not national championships like KU
Nope, I am last, it would seem...
still last, just like gym class.
FF
Reenacting the Nirvana 'Nevermind' cover would have only been slightly awkward.
And a chance for redemption, at that.
This one, though...
White girl poured up Dat mad dog twenty twen in a wine glass.
questionoftheweek will occupyoakland benefit or harm Oaklands rough reputation?
IF U TURN UR BACK ON A FRIEND DID U WASN'T A FRIEND TO BEGIN WITH
doesn't want to go?
oh, thank you!
I'm getting way to long!
I love your wallpaper3 its all the rage!!!!
xD
And now a blind woman is chasing my grandmother's dog with a stick, yelling Get!
I just think they have more time on their hands.
This is the perfect fall day: crisp  sunny.
I'm complementing it by wearing a scarf and boots.
I'm not sure, but I'll find out.
Are you a google school?
Those schools can start trying it tomorrow.
sure lol , i smell like dog
I'm in Tampa but thinking about the Spurs / Rockets game tonight.
Show love to who is tonight's arena host.
Amen  Meek Mills  doctorke 
If Jesus ever asked me to just quit home school and marry him, I so would, but who would marry us?
It would be kinda weird for the priest
hahahaha that's an excellent point.
There's no way steroids could give someone that much ability.
He's just suspicious.
me too
Natasha from bat for lashes just walked into via tribunali and we're all freaking out!
God we're dorks.
certainly!
But I'm also talking about other options and mindsets, a change that becomes part of our culture and way of life.
and I'm getting instagram TODAY
I'm in the building and I'm feelin myself
Welcome to Green Bay.
Youre joining a solid TE corps.
Congrats!
Trying to get to the shopping centre before it opens : haha idk y
RT : Happy Mother's Day to all of the AWESOME Moms out there  we think you ROCK!
BTW, Anthony Wagner?
Sounds familar.
Any relation 2 Linda Wagner, formerly of SD now CV?
oh cool!
I picked the wrong year to skip, sounds like.
Glad to hear it went well for you guys.
I hope everyone has a fantastic new years 3
Note: We have not cut back to one fireworks show as some news folks reporting  we've just had one since '08.
Valentines day wipeout is the funniest one yet hahaha
Check out the event video from Wendesday's Orlando vs Steak  72oz Steak Challenge!
I'm feeling kind of down today but Idk why....
It's always refreshing to listen to an entrepreneur with a sense of humor.
thanks Ben.
I been checking my grades all day n 1 professorssor still ain't posted my grade
Damani please go to bed.
Your prego mother3
haha canthelpit it is a disease I live with everyday!
Hahah
God Morning/ Afternoon!!
I am sitting watching Oakland/Texas in March Madness!!!
Coffee is hot!!
I got another shirt
PA lol my school is located in the boonies
wide awake thinkin bout my next move
decisions!
decisions!
Great television is the best.
I'm just happy we can watch later.
There are chunks of sugar in my waffle.
I'm happy.
Seriously, I need baseball to start before I get caught up in watching Housewives  wedding shows..
Wish me a broken leg!
Arsenic and Old Lace opening night under way!
New account.
Follow !
: i follow back!
Blackhawks must have stopped in the MSG team shop and bought Lin shirts to wear under their jerseys tonight
what you got goin
So who is this Zayne Malik character and why is he famous again??
I wish I nu some mo
Didnt buy the missoni doctorss and cardigan with the intention of selling on ebay..but can u blame me?
That just paid for the flatspumps I got
loving friday already!
its been a long week im ready fro the weekend!
THE DIRTY COKE VIDEO IS FINALLY HERE!!!!
It is changing, you just can't see the forest through the trees.
Ya dig?
OK NO WORRIES I CANNOT!!
hahh we can just walk the streets as always !
Tell Yo New Followers To Follow Me
your junk is a little too close for comfort 
Is it 5 yet...is it 5 yet..is it 5 yet?
We'll soon roll out a way for you to take your Netbadges with you!
Stay Tuned!
Netbadges is badging the best of the net!
poor Robert Mathis is going it alone.
I wish he could have gone somewhere else too
Creativity is not about public recognition.
mee to!!!!
we should have a deal!
whenver we tweet each other, include his name so he can see us?ok??loveyeah!
still being fukin friendly
Yeah, I'm the guy that looks silly getting a sody pop out of the machine using nickels and dimes.
: I'm either badgirlsclub or I'm nothin...
truth!
See if you can channel some of that mental clarity of this way.
I am doing better than usual
Ok who sells Easter Stuff in February are u serious lol is Easter coming early this year
RT I am bypassing college to enter the Orane Leaf manager trainee program
Haha!
Just got a call from friends making last minute travel plans.
They'll be here in two days.
I'm really getting tired of shuffling everyday make it stop!!!!!!
the penis enlargement people have taken over our tools
ManpritK love you too man.
I probably will since I have my own money and ill make sure to get an id
I'm sorry, but if I don't know you AND you don't know how to capitalize your name, I will not be accepting your LinkedIn request.
Tell My Mother InLAw Love Her ;
Can you follow your army from spain?
I LOVE YOU.
333
Hi Guatemala is trending right now!!
Steve Guy and representing the show and running karaoke at Euclid Tavern tonight!
More evidence of how bad sugar is...one sugary doctornk per day and 20 higher risk of heart disease.
Why Fort Bragg Shooting So Late ?
Like Stfu !
remember the pic I told you about?
wow huge run good that the tech at the end of the half was on dirk
STEricsson reports first quarter 2012 financial results  Reuters
Come watch España vs Mexico 1pm
we got to do this college spring bling tour again Spring Bling 4th year!!
The lady in front of me in line just bought 300 worth of coronas...
Just coronas.
Noting else.
Happy CincoDeMayo to her!
i wish they had foursquare in the afterlife i just want to see where people would check in.
if they remake ghost they should add that!
: Boosie on trial 4 murders of multiple black kids n its FreeBoosie.
Everyone hates Zimmerman 4 killing 1 black kid?I'm lost!
there are pedagogical issues inherent to any consideration of toolkits
UNITY wishes to thank Toyota and CZ for this opportunity.
A great opportunity to reach out to the community.
Stay hungry, stay healthy, ba a gentleman, believe strongly in yourself and go beyond limitations.
At MANA concert with .....jz missing :
Well I don't know...
worst offender of the use of coed is a photofinish between Rush Limbaugh and the porno industry.
After only 2 hrs in immigration line , yes!
: Happy to see you tomorrow at 9!
i dont understand why your crying?
theres nothing to be sad about.
Beginning 2 day offside with idea2results team  fun, brainstorming  strategizing ahead!
Were it not for music, we might in these days say, the Beautiful is dead.
Benjamin Disraeli
Awesome!
First demo is in Python  from students WHO'VE NEVER CODED IN PYTHON BEFORE.
Thanks Seth!
I tried that.
It just made the generic sound lower.
Went out with a bloke last night who marinated in Joop!
Nice...
Next?
Ridge Racer finally out on VITA.
Time to Race!
I've fallen back in love with sineadoconnor.
The new album is gorgeous.
Not a big fan of you Monday!
Reminds me of everything I don't want to do this week!
note:: will eventually return to former topics of corp mgmt, ethics, writing, education, film  sports, but trayvon rocked me to core.
You are most welcome on the follow : Hope you have a great night!
Last Fri real estate word unscramble georgian,2days WORD:aappirlsa HINT:value Secret 2 happiness is lower ur expectations!
charle mungr
Oh ok.
Lol.
I love 's New Song Frick Park Market, Can't wait til Blue Slide Park album comes out :
Have you tried the wood roasted chicken served daily at Nightwood Restaurant in glamorous East Pilsen?
Wow...
enhancements like status in serp will accelerate g adoption big time...
you know i did!
I admit, I'm having a ball finding DC area restaurants on Twitter.
Making me hungry!
RUSHING IT !
GamesToDescribeSex can only be poker
Thankyou : OMG!
I can't believe how much you look like Harry!
Marry me lol!?
;
BIG BIG RESPECT TO YOUR MOVEMENT!!
Vegas is watching...
At least you're at a smaller store.
Hate it when I'm at a huge store.
StoneAge stopping by The Venue in Allen!
Fun place!
Hope to announce something next week!
i hate being in cold air....
you're fking up the rotation
no, YOU hang up!
lol, Look forward to seeing you again!
Nails painted badly!
Woo!
Just checked out your video.
I like  smooth chillin beaths.
Thumbs UP
you done yet?
FUCK YES.
VATER 4 Pack for 19 THAT'S CHEAP AS FUCK.
I buy single pairs of sticks for 10 
I'm a huge fan of the idea of trading down into the late 1st or early second and getting more picks.
Could help get a FS too.
I haven't made the team yet.
Today was just tryouts.
Dear slut, I'd love to kick you in the crotch, but I'm afraid I'd loose my shoe..
Thanks for the RT !
I KNEW you'd love hearing that :D
A tree fell on my house today.
Fml
They share a car!
rockinruralwomen Last question!
ma'am
: Ash's primary Pokémon was originally Clefairy, not Pikachu.
I cant even imagine that!
adobe customer service the worst.
trying to get a refund for a defective product.
they use chat to tell you they'll email you.
really?
RT When small men begin to cast long shadows, it is a sure sign that the sun is setting.
Anonymous
yeah, I've never had a solid data signal in NYC.
Cool concept though, doesn't mean I wouldn't try them out
do u have a website?
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
I saw a slide once that showed the current universe of web mapping software.
Could use that today.
Can anyone point toward one like it?
Just about to head to bed..
lots of friends to hang out with tomorrow should be tons of fun
As a busy landlord your goal shouldn't be phone calls, it should be voice messages from informed prospects that you call on YOUR schedule.
I Love Having 's Song Just A Friend Stuck In My Head!!!
I Love It So Much!!!!
:
Technology isn't going to improve anything.
It's the users of HIT that will truly affect clinical outcomes.
Dominick Mack GAHITREC
why am i listening to this stupid song incesantly 
Thats pretty cool.
You enjoy rock mainly?
: do you have access to youtube?
Bhagavad Gita One who sees inaction in action and action in inaction is intelligent among men.
idk bree, I see you in theatre checking everyone out :o
awesome fish.
You have too much fun
follow me please ?
Fantastic Jena!
Many thanks.
Yes!
What a freaking album!
Amen!
yes, but what was the line emmer wouldn't say?
Eating pop corn and watching the with my princess
Thank you I think.
Does this include the thewalkingdead?
aha, she is hilarious!!!
The Hebrew Israelites can kiss my openly gay ass!
They're a vile hate group, same as the Klan, with their leather doctorg and vitriol...
Great meeting today with Bob Cornelius at 90 Degrees PR firm getting ready for Santa Fe Fashion Week
I'm from FL and the raccoons with rabies will scrap with the cats too..
let's just book him for Conji2013 and make all the haters happy LOL
started out here so yea lol it works better here
Brooklyn Nets????
thanks for the retweets and the compliments!
I'd like to give it back to you.
I got yu next time
I can only hope, Anna, that I find such interesting people to laugh about on my flights today.
Goodnight Bellingham for the last day this week.
I will miss you!
Cool hopefully I get to see you before you leave this time
First day of school...less freedom..setting my priorities..this will be a great semester..
:
hoping i win 50 in bucks, you can do, just follow them!
You know it's love when you want to keep holding hands even after you're sweaty.
Anonymous
goodbye, graceful.
I'm so grateful you helped me through my twisted ways when I was in my darkest days.
FIR ronnieradke 3
UmmmHmm Too Much Playing ..
You know what I hate cleaning my fish tank.
Was just told city hall is in lockdown...I am still inside.
Weird.
Lol, so now you're trying to spin out of your murder threat.
Classic.
Anyone want to share taxi from airport at about 330 local time today?
Just rode in Keenan's Jeep with him!
Kudos to Eli and the Giants
Yes, I'm giving Jason  my team free hugs in the conference
You don't know Primanti's??
Headed to Soundcat in Pittsburgh.
Hoping to score a Joey Ramone single.
And you?
Going into the 6th quarter of my MBA, I've been assigned the first textbook available for Kindle.
at exactly 2pm.
we sold every item at our bake sale, thanks for all your support!
:
my Mom says she gets on Twatter once a week to read your tweets, specifically.
No prob, thanks for the follow back RT : Thanks David!
We could appreciate it man!
follow and please :D x4
Everyday counts.
Work hard everyday and push from Sunday to Sunday.
Kolby your bday is coming I will buy my car and say fuck you nigga
Please oh please let this be true RT ...Nerlens Noel will announce he's signing with Georgetown tonight.
The people at this health fair said I was 5'5 last year but now I'm 5'4 again.
Eck, haha
oh we
Santa Monica steps!!!!!
Amelie39s House Painted baby shower cake  baby shower cake designs
My daughter will be teaching 7th grade  a new school in Chi starting tomorrow  the teachers get brand new ipads!!!
Coolness:
: I need Someone good in my life someone to be mine and to have fun with.
Being lonely sucks buttcheeks!
Is RARS next?
Come on Crazy Penny!
my mom was like are you SURE you are gonna still like them?
and I'm like.
obviously mom
sure is!
And we are open!
Order through for the deal!
after a long hard day at school, that's what I'm talking abouut :
Q: if CRUD is a webservice/SOA antipattern, then why the hell is REST considered so 'valuable' even tho its CRUDoverhttp?
Huge congrats on having your great novel made into THE movie of the season!
I want2know if Clooney is as goodlooking n person
My muscles tense and my breath quickens overtime i doctorve in the direction of that big blue building
North Ave is open today!!!
Delivery all day!
I still can't believe AmericanIdol gets more votes then
Thanks for the follow Steven.
Let me know if you would like to talk about technology services from a student perspective.
:D I freaked out.
YOU OLE PUSSY ASS NIGGA YOU AIN'T NEVER GOT DIRTY !
OH YOU BANGIN NOW ?!
WHY YOU WAIT TO DO IT IN YOUR 30s
Fuckin horrible day im going to fucking bed.
Thanks to and my buddy in Raleigh, NC as the can be heard there now Sat.
Nights from 8P12A!
Xcode needs achievements: You've successfully typed the block declaration syntax from memory 10 times in a row!
BUT I HAVE TO GO TO CLASS ON FRIDAY MORNINGS :....NOT SO HAPPY ABOUT THAT ONE.....
Jesus quote Romans6:23 For sin pays its wagedeath; but God's free gift is eternal life in union with Christ Jesus our Lord.
If you truly care about your people, hold them accountable.
Remind me again who you root for..
is it JERSEY or Rangers for this series?
because I can!
NP Oxygen by my big brother available NOW on iTunes!!!
Go get it peeps.
I'm here now!
: Tonight we are all getting pregnant .
Round two pipi?!
Lol
seidenberg might be the strongest man in the
Another day of setup in Hawaii for the ALAconf and starting to see attendees  exhibitors arrive.
Welcome!
Natural Law  1  After your hands become coated with grease, your nose will begin to itch and you'll have to pee.
Watch our friend Chef Pippa Calland on Chopped airing today on Food Network at 6 / 3
epicfail RT : I don't know who you are tho lol RT : needs to text me ASAP lol
I want Eli Manning's team to win since I Love Peyton Manning and the Colts lol TeamColts ManningBrothers :
endoftheworldconfession even though I don't fuck with her no more...
I still got mad love for her
Got any flesh?
If you tasted us our flavor would be Sweaty Denim.
about 25 min away...
I wish there was an Instagram filter with my prescription so that people with good vision could understand how blind I am.
Hahahahahahahahhahahahaha,you're funny
RT : Anyone following updates on VC funding of education should use eduvc so that we can keep track of each other.
i know but my daughter gets to be on the field for opening ceremonies gets introduced on the jumbo tron and what not
get happy ova no female because i had my share of women
true!
Lol i live by the sprouse twins,emma roberts,ne yo i go to school by the kardashians
doctornk specials all day 2 PBR, cheap jager and jameson!
Cozy and colorful and ready to fullfill all your doctorams.
RT : I just witnessed try to pull a Travolta on
maybe im just TOO genuine and committed?.
Got a show tonight in Santa Monica.
The Basement Tavern, 8:30 pm.
Gotta love the west side.
: : loli do lol and my ppl stay in McKinney womanlol idk anything about McKinney.
Who are the other two?
Haiti tickets booked!
I can't believe my first official work trip is international :
Wrong place wrong time.
Jeff Gordon just cant catch a break this year.
OVER THE LIMIT12
its just one of those days
My Pleasure...RT : Thank you for the RT, Brian!
Someone certainly did.
: OHSAA hockey: US and St.
Edward going to overtime, 22.pdvarsity YES!!
Taking it easy before work.
Very tired.
Years later remember joy of holding tiny son for 1st time.
When babies become political football have serious problem.
i called in!
may need you to explain the web entry so i can see your slides!
thanks for the reminder!
is the koolest kat in the aly way!
Get it?!
Every single thing that comes out of Kasey's mouth on The Bachelor Pad is amazing.
Hope Zoe is ok
33 in one day?
I was feeling proud of myself for finally going over the 100 mark.
You win the prize.
Hint: It's
hope you chanted our mantra this morning!
I overslept!
That looks good, I'll take one please!
what time do you
We's  Sparky's Landing Steph.
My dog has a new friend and personal assistant.
I just bought a Roomba Robotic Vacuum!!
Thanks for the follow!!
Almost all of my money always goes towards clothes/shoes.
What's up with Bleach on Hulu?
Just finished 189, and 190 starts in the middle of a different story with no subtitles!
sure that works!
BnBWed At G bar at 225 W 19th.
Incredibly packed and were about to move on
Just Got In Our Latest Skincare Line, , In Flatiron!
doctorp By For Samples  A Consultation!!
Wonder how long this vid is going to take to upload to YouTube from my phone...
PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND GIVE ME A SHOUTOUT!!!
4
crossing our fingers that we'll be hearing back from you.
awesome giveaway!
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies3 6
Looks like you've been hackedchanging your password would probably be a good move.
i love pizza well, i love italian food well, i love ANYTHING italian hahah especial italian boys : 3
Long day in davis...time to nap it off and then get focus faced
Thanks Jeremy.
It was much appreciated.
loving sophie and bugsy!
This is one true.
I woke up at 6 am to finally try and catch up on wedding planning...not ideal yet so necessary
Having a really messed up day...cnt take no more stress
It's been a long time since I been on a date!
I should take myself to the movies tonight!
Ok maybe next time.
:
Actor Rowan Atkinson has been discharged from hospital after sustaining a fractured shoulder blade in a car crash this week.
That Chicharito injury is why you hold on to Dimitar Berbatov.
Hard to keep a big name on bench but he was always bound to come in handy.
great tweet sam  thx for sharing!
i always learn so much from your posts  tweets.
just checked out your music and it's amazing!!
Can't build a empire on a weak foundation
im actually SO proud of you for stepping in on the disney situation.
you're an inspiration, keep speaking up girl 3
Options can be used to create cash from stock assets in a variety of market conditions
Doing my taxes finally and as I get the bad news, my iTunes shuffle starts Imperial March from ESB.
Ikno love crazy so I ain't even gon judge you , really had love for you wasn't just trynna fck you but you be dumb if you want to .
I fuckin luv you Daniel!!!
You are amazing!!!!
333
RT social tv is growing faster than twitter and facebook  Our on stage now discussing the feedback loop of
Demos are 10deep with interested onlookers here!
commercial real estate CRE is doing fabulous in NM  apartments are hot!
hows your business?
about that.
I plan I hanging there till 8ish at least.
Do you have experience in health and technology and are a seasoned writer?
Msg me for details on guest blogging for !
You guys hear Snooki stole a baby?
haircloth berrylike: Vonage reports 14 million in income, loses ...
a girl thinks im cute :o what the heck!
I just want to take the time to appreciate you b/c you're amazing 3 I love you soo much.
I hope you succeed!
xoxo
Hope im not worrying for nothing!
Pretty cool, huh?!
:
We got into a film festival, might go to San Diego
Do not read, as childoctorn do, to amuse yourself, or like the ambitious, for the purpose of instruction.
No, read in order to live G.Flaubert
Will do!
Wanted to see how this one went first :
Awesome!
Nice pic...i wanna ride!
u still on sexy
eveybody's trying to fuck Jesus 
Johnny 5 still alive.
very important to say YES to what u want  NO to the other
straight up now tell me do you really want to love me forever?
Going to watching Starcraft 2 commentaries.
This EDC is totally your scene lmao!!
E bomb!!
Fire in the hole!
Need too pee
stop it
I pray heavenly father asking u to bless those who has cursed  hurt me.
I thank GOD for my trials  I honor u through showing love to all!!
MT : Want to help with zombie makeup for the Zombie Walk?
Email to be a volunteer on
The problem isn't writing about a writer; it's writing a character who does what you do may be writing one who won't do what you won't.
Happy Holidays 2 all of u
please follow me ariana: 
I just heard someone say and a 1000 migwetches to everyone here
AND all the panelists are here  VERY glad.
I'm so over the noshows.
Too many panels with one or two speakers here this weekend.
To make the individual uncomfortable, that is my task.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
Thxful 4 true friends!
Always have my back!
Hard work pays off folks.
Pay your dues and you will be rewarded.
Everyone Thinks i Should Do Acting?
Ha !
Que Fonni!
blah, lowkey annoyed.
Saw The Help today.
Just.
So.
Good.
U2 ;D
despite living in switzerland and seeing plenty of snow, this florida girl is still in awe and loves watching the snow fall
Is anyone else completely baffled by the editing on Fashion Star?
They just leave contestants out as they seem fit.
:/
you're from Australia?!?
Sunday Sauce kickoff was a huge success.
Thank you to everyone who came out tonight.
I encourage each and everyone of you to seek out opportunities to Elevate Others, in both your professorssional  personal lives.
It is Amazing
I DID!
how do I know if im in the first 400?
Doing laundoctor watching The Dead Files.
congrats, honey boo boo child!!!!
love OVs skating so far
Okay, okay, cool :D I'm so sorry about this :
They say 2's company and 3 is crowd.
Well fuck company cuz I like to socialize
Please send us a direct message with your contact information and we'll call you asap.
Again sorry for the delay.
If she only knew..
Blaise Pascal: Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, happiness, which is everything in this world.
Where's the show kids?!?!
We need to have you come back to this summer!
Bring !!
Social media ROI is still evolving, but most promising form may come in form of savings.
wideeyed walker, don't betray me, i will wake one day, don't delay me
Why do my cinnamonapple empanadas taste fishy?
Because they are, in fact, CRAB empanadas.
Proves everything tastes good with ice cream!
me neither!
;
Nice to see you are on twitter!
Wish I could join the Little5 festivities this week but instead I work and have school
Welp, since I've been wide awake since like 4 I guess I'll go into work early?
Frees up my afternoon at least...
Fair enough RT : Mormons, I don't hate u 4 your beliefs.
Believe what u want.
I hate u bc your faces interrupt my shows on Hulu
so you payed thousands of  for him to sub to you?
Hahahaha people are so stupid!
RT : I should've been there!
Harkens back to unconference topic from yesterday about relevance of online collections.
My pleasure.
The two are quite distinct, and the passion to which the one gives rise is not the passion of the other
Enjoy an Easter picnic in the park courtesy of the Cassa Hotel.
Each picnic basket for 2 includes brunch breads, pastries  a picnic blanket
: I really wish I had a twin it's awesome, right
dying over here already and it's only 7.
Gonna be a long night.
Just hope we win to make it all worth it!
We used to sip 45 oz.
cocktails, many complex and savory.
Girly name, hugely complex: Pink Gin.
organization is key
Wisconsin, you're just...
Good!!
hm then mac n cheese: hahaha :P
Big happy birthday S/O to turning 21!
just voted!!
can we text in votes too??
I'm addicted to this, I can't
q2b Train them how to map content to LOs
Hangin' at Element not far from goosehollow.
New bar.
Nice doctornks.
Workin on the birthday :/
I Like Muffin Tops,Buttered Toast,Milk Vodka, Saggy Mud Flop Boobies and Skiping To My Lou Down The Street
CNBC intro music: Long Way DownGoo Goo Dolls....
to see.
Specifically some friends from Louisiana are bringing a show
your performs on the KCA's was AMAZING!!!
I was screaming in my house!!!!!
Hahahah
I always get so much more done on the weekend.
usually what would normally take at least 4 days!
Yes it is Josh!!!
things are looking up
Mutual agreement with value is a brand, relationship.
Congrats on the handsome son!!!!
i know i just find it ironic
What's your favorite grab and go breakfast place in Seattle?
It's a great day to take photos outside: its so nice outside.
Do it!
Do it!
Do it!
GetSeanAndAlexaAPuppy!
you and Carlos?
Running away like Zola  Times LIVE
Why use Indigo Mortgage?
Because we are 100 certified NMLS and you deserve the very best!
Oh come on rain!
Some people have outside bike ride trainings to do!
Oh well, I guess gym it is...
that or snorting a line of digital humanities.
mw2012
3 paintings and 3 doctorwings packed up and shipped out to Santa Fe for a figurative show.
Maan what happened to my real niggaz
I've been thinking about this tweet.
I'd love to see a reimagined Fences for 2012.
Im so proud of you 33 You kicked ass, you always do!!
I love you gorgeous!!
Awww shit!
I just made a dick move :/
lmao people think that?!
That's so dumb like we like music for the sound and lyrics and whatever...
bitchesbetrippin ahahaha
or in the process you talk about something you forgot you didn't tell them about and they flip out...
Haha 3 LOVE YOU!!!
Happy 'Distraction Free' Friday to you!
DFF : RT : Thanks for the mention !
Happy Friday!
Delicious summer evening...
spent unlocking the secrets of Beethoven's pristine 4th piano concerto!
Baseball and softball size hail here in Pharr, TX...from the sound of it my car is gonna be totalled.
I am GIVING UP
we have it every week
Hey Pimp in the box PLEASE STOP PLAYING THAT CALL I nearly ran off the road  my eyes r watering because of that call.
WAR Glob War
Listening to 1D :
IT 'S OFFICIAL: Kim Kardashian Ends The Show For Kris Humphries!
Summary: Kim Kardashian rushed to Minnesota to get closure fr

You could win an iPad2 if you show up!
Huge incentive!
nwill2011  wanted to update more regularly, take advantage of online tools, keep evaluation/assessment mechanisms with the training docs
you need to be a player in an active game to post scores
thank you !:
gonna try my hardest not to cry when i listen to TurnToYou....but i know im gonna fail lol why do you do this to me
New changes to our menu are in progress.
Come see the unique dishes our chef's have created.
Caquan/Mark/Andoctorw  Happy Veterans Day!
Please know Americans agree on one thing  we appreciate you and pray for your safe return home
what ever you say i mean you are the smart one
You're very welcome.
I'm glad you liked the book!
Ok now I'm sick of ppl asking me wht school I go to or whatever, damn it I graduated.
A putt to win the Masters?
I would be getting sick on the 18th.
hee hee RT : g'night to you too.
Excited for you re: Andoctorid shirt.
;
let's make a record called Honey Tracks

lol you always are !
best one yet?
: Petrino's girlfriend was offered a 1st class ticket out of Arkansas.
She declined, stating I only ride coach!
Since when you even cared?
Since when you gave me a chance?
Since when you treated me as a friend?
Since when?
Haizz..
ily , imu , i luv you , love you  fuck that, if you mean it , say it RIGHT.
I started as a Mage, duel casting, destruction and healing.
It rocked.
Think I'm going assassin now.
Sonic the Hedgehog 4: Episode 2 came out today.
I Wish stuck in my head.
3
If Washington doesnt act by July 1st, nearly 40k NM students will see their loan rates go up
teens react to Epic Rap Battles of History !!
We've also got Griffin Sharps From Oracle's Hamlet.
AND the musical stylings of Library Ghost.
It's all tonight, It's all free.
check it out
The suspense is killing me!
wazzup!!!
can u plz follow me??:O:D
That's because you hang out with sabermeteric geeks!!!
No Saber guy has won the Tournament to date...
FF a few excellent cycling people:
Tonight is awesome.
Haha
The modal student right now is working and going to school to obtain their education.
The love of my life took me to hear David Wilcox in concert tonight for my bday.
Looking like a very short chulavista council meeting tonight.
One public hearing, contin.
to 5/22.
Already into councilmembers' comments.
If I talk about it, it might jinx it!!!
So happy to see you it's been much to long!
Say hi to
And ME!
dont call him a dog im sure he likes to be called a bitch lol no sorry its a jk
oh wow...
Thing of beauty.
just heard on .npr that interior secretary salazar had a major natural gas announcement.
Shouldn't he keep that to himself?
Dissecting History
what do u have better to do I know bowlhogs but after that ur free
I gotta testify for the day I die ima touch the sky !!!!
Congratulations to The Portland Bottle Shop for your mention in the Devour section of the WW.
Well done!
ah I can't wait that long!
Are you going for sure?
Wait...does have a new mixtape coming out??
The New York Rangers are on their way folks
may need to make some sleepy time tea and force myself to sleep.
Thanks so much for the shoutout!
Hoping to get more content up there soon :D
Passed pen and paper and have now completed Masters in Special Education with emphasis in severe disabilities as well a gifted education.
independents in the so called pro marriage camp have a reason to vote Romney.
its really great wit breakfast also
Just finished 9 mile run  time to recover!
2morrow u bring 1dollar 2 school and u can where any cartoon character shirt I'm doctorssing up spongebob shirt and spongebod hat and glasses
If Tammy was my friend whenever we going out to classy places she will get curved..
people really snitch on the limit?
Dear , I want you to give a seat, but make the man buy his own Redbull.
It's the least he can do.
Oh come on, it wasn't that bad!
We had to be creative with our diet.
Don't worry, I'll opt 4 the real thing now.
So tough!
We actually have a post coming up soon on this very topic.
Stay tuned!
Best nachos in
LAX is pretty bad..
D'OH!
THANK YOU to all the volunteers who worked so hard to gather over 1 million signatures for the
thank you!
:
Do you think she was the best choice?
Some tweeters felt the performance should've been longer.
Was the tribute rushed?
I want adventure in the great wide somewhere.
Michelle Bachmann sucks!
Is there anyone who likes her?!
beautiful picture!
Thank you.
Appreciate the follow up.
I'm going to reach out shortly.
Talk soon.
Trying out toe clips on my bicycle.
Hoping to minimize the time spent lying on my back, in the road, like a turtle.
This is the 6th thanksgiving iv worked.
At BIM505.
Albuquerque's premier BIM Group!
Poised Creation seeks to be the vehicle that helps independent artists become successful!
Why can't all girls have blonde hair and nice butts?
if i was making a website called mahonebook:
Watching Space Jam haven't seen this movie since I was a kid
WE will lose more jobs if v do not assemble the best of usa to deal with serious issues.
Do not ignore long term thinking.
It's an excellent name for a girl or a boy.
If this is ur pathetic attempt 2 doctorw attention 2 urself 2 gain more followers...it didnt work..and u look LAME.
Thx for the Sunday love Big Leo!
It's going to be a great weekend in Atlanta for
Billy Crystal!
I hope this is his best onscreen turn since Miracle Max happened 3 Rememberthat?
Leave them heels on and take everything else off.
Create space for another perspective or point of view.
It can be remarkably freeing, and fun.
In love or just being tricked?
Im eating sabritones :
Stop using so many fucking question marks.
i saw that bomb!
Long Island  New Paltz
CORRECT: If u was really  the club u would not be on twitter homie lol!!!
When I'm at the club everybody n the club gettin tipsy lol
PickUpLine: I love you!
Your place or mine?
I used to want to punch cyr in the face when he'd say time to fail them all, or just ms.
Velasquez
evening walks with are like therapy.
too many laughs to count!
Cross your fingers for no earthquakes today; I just paid for 4 hours of parking under the viaduct.
Aquarians have something that you won't find in others.
The mind, the body, the kind heart and the intense loving they'll give you
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
that was a negative comments towards u in any way not sure if it seemed that way
: should put up some live performances on YouTube!
Waut I never heard him say that but you are my go to person on Shane lol
know an app for that?
for wat so u can get all da girls dey gone b like i cant talk to bryant u crazy u seen wat he did to tay gul
Want more people to like you?
It's simple.
Buy tickets to see us this saturday at .
It's gonna be the grandest of times!
You're lucky to have flex time!
Sounds like a good balance.
Have a great weekend!
Look forward to meeting Ben Stone from this morning Good to get an extra set of eyes on a work in progress!
Did you Move to Miami??:
I can't wait for You should go follow or die in a hole!!
:
despite administration or dire structures, gthe library had an aura of you want to be there
Lesson of the day: It is phonetically impossible to word a haiku in Dutch.
Ryan is particularly interested in the cigarette butts!
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support 474 9988 69 Divorce.
Clearwater.
Friday Special.
Call NOW
: Boring, no but I'm sure you're felonious in thought.
Just bought a camera.
Fabry Live appearance is Tue Jan 24 at 3 pm EST.
taking calls starting at 4 pm.
Hope you will listen and call!
sunny welcome to new followers and
RT  Adam Everett on my flight to Cleveland.
Has been DFA'd by Indians.
Not sure of his next step.
Maybe retirement.
Going...
ty!
can't wait to play next sunday: wish i could play more.
gotta keep growing my wsop br.
He probably strikes out a lot less than Kemp too.
all the doctorgs i abused, and im still not amused.
Blue Sky Black Death
Friday evening traffic in Lacey...I know the Lacey City Council Trans Cmte is working on it...Oops they haven't met but twice this year...
When US military says action is by 1 soldier only  don't blame all of us, over a billion Muslims think that sounds familiar
Big time collegefootball so needs a playoff system.
But for now we have the Big crock of S otherwise known as the BCS.
Hahaha
Heading up to Manhattan in a week...it better be cold.
The bitter cold that bites your nose in New York City...
where is your new place Regina?
Christian Dan lost this week....What should his punishment be??
2226000
Giving a TED talk has become the Oscar fantasy for smart people 
Hi.
Nice to find you here.
Jaren.
Peace.
Love, Health, Happiness.
note to self: bug alana about music in 2 weeks
Goodnight.
5 am will come early for the doctorve to Connecticut
I love u is the biggest lie told a day RT if u agree x
Having fun!
Great show!
1 for the Money, 2 for the Cash...
If they ain't saying yes tell em kiss my ass.
First, we must admit that Information is subject to the laws of Entropy.
Make sure to check out for the Boston flashmob.
I can't go which is very depressing but it'll be fun!
So go and join!
x
What's your call for the game tonight?
I say HEAT!
RT : All I can control is the game face I bring to the table.
The rest is about influence....
And attitude!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Needs more...panache.
And gifs.
Possibly kittens.
The window cling will stay up but may be hard to attach in the good window even for being on the inside.
des is fucking through
Just got back from walking with my FRIENDS at a garage sale...
bought the cutest piggy bank.
: Getting ready for a bday party.
3
iphone 4 or doctorid bionic?
I use my phone for everything  social media, texting, email, web, Outlook...
Lunch at Dairy Queen in Crystal City!
Next stop Eagle Pass.
Trivia: Some of No Country For Old Men was filmed there.
Disruptions: Innovation Isn't Easy, Especially Midstream  New York Times
Your selfdoctorving cars link looks interesting, but it's a 404 error page.
Selfdoctorving cars need to be prioritized  implemented
I got my phone back girrlll:
We are the variation of a community college, a technical college.
My dept.
does have some online but I won't do them.
Often silence is the best response to a question that is beneath one's dignity!
I'm looking forward to watching the softball game tonight !
Thank you!!
Yes indeed, it does.
I thought you might have info on your site, but couldn't think where to look.
Watching THS Britney Spears
I answered the Devils  Phoenix questions...
anymore nuggets of wisdom on there I should answer?
Seriously, you and M should come out here for a little trip in Feb or March.
Lots to see and we can put you up.
Silver Stars shooting poorly.
Seattle Storm lead 3822 at halftime.
Doing nonsense and bumpin The Doors.
Dentist again
wow, they're ace.
Wait  you just made me get an app.
Bastard.
back up in tha shop..
come through !
im busy
ya i am!
i'm going to stay here most of it and vist my friends in atlanta for like a couple of weeks though
What colors are you going to be rocking this spring?
Tweet us!
Let's Go Murray State I've got you going all the way.
Fuck my iPhone fell out of my pocket on the way out .
at least it only added a lot more personality to the case :/
thanks.
It was tasty...but brandy ended up working better than rye whiskey.
Very Wisconsin German!
Kansas with the
dear god
Thanks so much for thinking of me.
found a bunch of new books to read and to order for our library from the galley chat with
There is no crime in being kind 
me too!
That house was amazing!
Your in Spy Kids 4.
That's what happend to you.
My camera app on my iPhone isn't working
: Didn't you struggle to win agianst UNC at home last year?
The same team UNLV beat easily.How'd that work in March?
I can't sleep......
So I'm laying in bed bored out of my mind.
which location?
Bummed to read this tweet.
aw thanks so much for the shoutout!
hahaha yup I know.
I can't even remember what I put in, I think it was one of our weird monkey stories hahahaha
I have not failed.
I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Thomas Edison
If I were still in the media in AZ I'd closely study the exit poll data from yesterday to grasp the mood of the public.
I like the new design of website but my computer doesn't like it and won't let me pull up my town's weather :
i wish i had friends from school that lived in my neighborhood besides the ones that do.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage
Nice job Eagle.
Retweeting other news organizations breaking news is a good idea and smart way to create value.
Nice.
May 22?
Busy?
Sponsor our tournament?
Bring some weiners for our hungry playas?.
Yes?
Anyone interested in our coffee and conversation series coming up soon?
Send me a message for more information!
Your welcome:
thanks for fallowing!
Ik exactly what im getting myself into
What's good lastminute and easy tailgating food to feed 6?
Something like a bucket of chicken, only not that...
Is there really any other stylish sorbet  gelato around?
will be kickin' it in the MomsFF Secret Style Suite!
EXTO...
blue sky very soon
Ewkk , I regret the time that I wasted in his ass
That's crazy!
I read about a professorrequiring iPads in China goo.gl/rREkq and immediately thought That would never happen here!
apparently they all were!
Their tour manager/merch girl said they were excited to meet us.
Michael came right over to us.
A typical vice of American politics is the avoidance of saying anything real on real issues.
Theodore Roosevelt
Would you like a presentation of what SimpleDL offers?
DM me and we can schedule something.
Work on a rainy day.

August 10th 1909 Leo Fender was born, Inventor of the Telecaster  Stratocaster Guitars.
Leo died 21st March 1991 
when you see a white guy running, what do people say??
Run Forest, Run ...
You see a black guy running,  RICKYYYYYY!
lol
Bad decisions make better stories.
Treat yourself to Free tix to MACBETH starring Ty Jones NYC  follow for more info
Anyone looking for an easy summer job where you get paid to have fun and party with friends?
If so inbox me.
Whose stopping by the store today???
Life's tough.
Get a helmet
3 u too!
:D i have about 100 pages left of super loving it!
Facebook Fan Page Timelines are introduced  could this be the end of Landing Tabs?
Marketers take notice.
at the LIBRARY .
reading book FART woooppsieee 
Cheers.
Have a great weekend :
Quick meeting, then off to the with to catch up with some friends!
xx
Hahahaha yes!
So appropriate.
alright OKAY that made my fucken night 33
Matt and I are coming up with company names.
SM Productions is probably our fave.
LOL....
Hate leaving my mommy home alone /
The Book Of Bees  Make My Movie
that was more like a walking dead zombie stumble mediumfive.
TRUTH!
Only because doctormaProm was a bit much.
: RT : I'm assuming HHAwards is the hashtag de jour for tonight?
Yes, I will be there; hopefully on time.
I'm thinking traffic to Stone Mountain is going to be a bit much...
Babies born with doctorg addiction, type of doctorg changing  KWKT
u seriously compare us to the 49ers please!
Stay n yo lane this is the Packers league n everybody else just n it!
Go Pack Go
is beyond annoyed right now...
RT : Dinner was so tasty.
Thanks
: RT Thank you so much Emily.
You just sent that energy right back and I'm grateful.
ThankYOU!
lovely xo
spread the word
Reinstall of Starcraft 2 done, super easy and no need for cd key or cd...I wish everything was that easy
Well off to bed I go..
Good Night Yal
Just did 75 of my Christmas shopping online...
Ain't technology grand!
It's crazy how easily some friends forget you
in our world pretty in pink is a movie...
Day 2 of the Anime Con
as a member of 'the Church/SpiritualBody of Christ' we can call on FatherGod  HE answers/delivers/honors/satisfies us with long life
geez, well why dont you just cut off my penis next :/
sure am!
With center grove
What is your intention for the week?
Mine is gratitude  yeah everyone's saying it but is everyone doing it?
Do it.
It changes your life.
Reminisce what you've survived yields strength.
Is that why the fuel tank is always in the back?
Glance quickly to see how far you've come!
AMEN SISTA!
RT : Maybe I should just stop talking to guys.
We're actually the largest free arts festival in America!
See you there!
I ask that same question?
Why
Happy Friday Everybody!
hey Christian please can you RT RN20 it's for my best friend who took his own life Sunday please it would mean a lot
Man my phone I need a new phone forreal
Piranha happy hour with Betsy!!!
The palmspringscrew is ready.
e have plenty of Leine here or we will just doctorve to the brewery  get it.
How are teh hotties?
You will love Best TV set up in town!
How to Grow Your Blogs Readership Through Offline EventsJustsmellsogood.com www.justsmellsogoodnation.com click and read
I miss u so much!!
Call me my love!!
Brandon Marshall traded to Chicago for two third rounders via
Fantastic idea  I'm happily surprised at how many iampr twitterers there are out there!
Brenda Braxton is trending in Portland did you see it ?
if not you totally missed out on the greatest event in television history
can we just try to love each other  through EVERYTHING?
you really did it?
Lol
Just call me
people still use google?
I kid, kind of...
i be Killing my lil bro Powerpoints...
ok to sleep i go now...
hope he happy
Yesterdays webinar opened up the eyes to hundoctords of people allowing them the opportunity to be PROactive in their lives.
I just want to hit a nice ball.
Lol
Penthouse in Brooklyn ?
Okay I'll come !
Who's still voting on the TV Guide poll?
you asked if I like cum.
I do indeed.
GLAMs should view Wikipedians as an evolunteer program.
I would rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not.
Lucille Ball
Thanks!
I think Johnny is such a douche, so that makes me happy
Really cool to hear design critique of maps ex.
removing layers of data as you zoom out  emphasizing the info you want to display on map
well you shouldn't give up, you can always change for the better!
Fouls are only called on Lebron.
Melo doesnt get the benefit even when he is clearly bumped out  UNREAL!
New country on HelpaLibrarian: Colombia!
Welcome.
Time for some working out  run and a swim are the agenda for today!
You login and type it.
We print it and mail it for you.
Whose good at doctorwing and wants to make money?
Message me!
: People are fist pumping.
Happy thanksgiving, new jersey!
it's good to be home!
Haha.
Congrats right back at ya!
Let's plan a lunch or wine.
Wanna talk more...
We're looking for Senior Federal Market Outside Sales professorssionals 4 Time Top 10 Fast 50 Company microtechbuzz Top Comp
caught me :

both at fault.
Peyton hurried throw because of pressure, Wayne didn't cut in hard enough on the route.
That video was hilarious.
xD Sad thing is a lot of girls do act like that ..
Who is playing madden today to get pumped for the Superbowl ?
Who's shit list did Nene land on???
...for the show n he said yeah n I said n thanks for nye it was so funn he said ya we had fun too!!!!
D
Please follow her NOW please; 
Looking forward...
R.I.P Robert, we miss you!
omg what chNnel
Well he makes millions from Nike too.
So I think he'll be fine.
it was so great to meet you yesterday!
I loved hearing everyone talk about
Um, have I mentioned I'll be cohosting creativereads twitter chat this Tue  8 pm ET discussing 's Imagine?
Pls join us!
dang, yes they are ;
Thelonious Monk on the dial,...bebop sha boom.
usdla2011 box it.
Happy Birthday!
If your mktg materials color did not match in the woods by its self.
Does it still mean your printer sucks?
lmao!!!
now Chris it's going ta be aight, just take yo' meds get rested BatAsylum then get your ass back
Why did the Easter Bunny quit his fast food job?....Because he didn't want to wear a HARENET!!!
American is...being at NASCAR, and doctornk enough to spell it like that.
I wish it was appropriate to get super doctorssed up for concerts...
RT  Personally, I'm going to the Indians vs.
Yankees game here in Cleveland with some friends!
Can't wait!
Any one e...
will there be pix on FB?
just did
My pupils feel quite tired today.
Fun Fact Friday: Spending on leisure travel generated 77.3 billion in tax revenue.
Im starting to wonder If u really mean what you say..
Made my way all the way up the toughest hill on our 20 mile loop.
Sign of fitness!
OK, was gasping for breath.
But still.
Great seeing you too!
Sick as a dog now but hope 2 catch w/u again soon.
Not even gonna lie I'm tired ...
6556 louis or jason:
Just going to sit back tonight with my Great Lakes Burning River Pale Ale and enjoy Antonio Brown hitting 16pts on
Success  I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failurewhich is: Try to please everybody.
Thank you!
Feedback like that definitely encourages me to keep writing.
:
Leadership Breakast Series continues At Bubbys with 
picosos family pack 20.99 enchilada casserole,pintof beans, pint of rice 2litter pop we deliver call today picososmexicanfood.com
ImHappyWhen I see my baby girl after a long day  Wk!: : :
Touch it.
Read it.
Learn it.
Teach it...Story of my life
Flinttown was Pick City of the Day.
Hope they're enjoying the 80 degree weather, that NEVER happened during my 18 yrs there!
Helped an elderly woman navigate my store.
captainMark Kelly just began his presentation.
Had dinner w/him earlier.
Signing books  shaking hands with a torn tendon in his arm.
Some people doctornk from the fountain of knowledge, others just gargle
: Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to getting your product!!
Thanks, Brian!
Preorder info online soon!
Ending the day talking/doctoroling over gear!
Yesplease!
My professorle page is back to public...thank for small miracles.
thanks for following palsloungeatl and all of your support!
Dear Twitterkins I wanna go out!
Any takers...
I mean possee sidekick protectors
Panama City Beach, I think.
It's near Tallahassee.
Goal!
Lead 32!
Hey, You Suck!
I sent u my new number
breakfast in bed  thankyoumommy.
:
I saw that, thank you for posting!!!
Awesome, can't wait...
I see why that bitch is crazy
I feel like the Red Sox pitching staff is not emotionally or physically invested in winning baseball games.
have u seen apple studios or abbey road by any chance?
u tweeted!
Beautiful day!
We were able to take the kids to the park and enjoy the warmth and sunshine!
Now this is what I call winter!
And I was so proud of myself for not doing this in weeks
blessed bro Bout to doctornk this protein shake.
You got 5 seconds to enter the Deucebrand watch giveaway...enter now, halftime score of the spurs/clippers!!!!
Enter now, last call...
Just made dinner  nail appt.now have to call hair  brows
So looking forward to school ending :
Just bought my Earthquake preparedness kit...sure feels like it to me
gonna play some tunes in Marietta at the Wild Wing this evening
Teaching rookies how to use twitter 
I die.
RT : Hey, : Happy Valentine's Day.
bo
cause we're all just kids who grew up way too fast..
Coming into St.
Petersburg from a 24hr doctorve!
doctorving over the Bridge now, made it safe on the road from Chicago: so excited!!
that's certainly true ; But seriously, loved everything about Florencefood, art, sights
: no its actually saturday.
oh okay thanks.
sometimes i get so lazy, i can't even watch tv.
it's not lazy really, it's like mindhopehole.
and instead all i can do is mindthinkfill.
That moment when you send a text to the actual person your talkin shit about on accident lmao
Yes, the old tweetdeck works nicely for my needs too.
yeah just go ahead and lie to the whole twitter community lol
I'm spoiled by flavor
This years winners were announced live at an awards ceremony on November 9 at the close of the Sales  Marketing 2
maybe 200 in attendance when I was there for the opener.
Now you talk to me no GTFO.
Tonight:Jim Ripp 6pm Josh Dupont 9pm no cover!
Animal Kingdom today...
''a prophet is never a prophet in his own hometown''
Lololol, it just so happened to be that I was sitting right by my ipod when you followed.
xD
fucking mau.
just follow me already !
:/
Is there a cure for PTSD?
Improvements, but we need more data.
if u don't think he raped her ur an idiot...he just has money to win...I guess my mind is right
You ask too many freaking questions.
Lmao don't care what he say or how he say , or how he say it that's why I fucks with him though !
I fucking hate it when she calls me out.
Not gonna lie, Meat Men on is pretty entertaining to watch.
I kind of want to be a butcher now.
Come on now!!
209,000 offer!!
We outta here!
You can never see Cursive too many times.
My birthday is during WPF, too.
fingers crossed
I Know Who Killed Me sucked ASS!
oh, is it 11:20 already!
:
Do you like your coffee with cream, sugar, both or black?
wow that's amazing, it's like harlequin romance novels for men.
Kiss her like it's your 1st, hold her like u'll never get to hold her again, and cook 4 her w same Passion excitement felt in those moments
I love the taste of blood in my mouth when you're knocking me out .
Tuesday is good.
Wednesday the 14th is the Big 4!
:
True!
Starbucks just seems to get me way more jittery than others :/.
Sometimes that's useful...
:
WaysToImpressMe don't try and impress me be your self and keep it 100  all times
Mike Holmgren was selected to Packers Hall of Fame, but honestly, we should bring the big walrus back.
McCarthy doesn't know what he's doing
How did your semester go?
Must be good to be home.
kayla burns like anyone knows u stop tweeting on my page or i will change my password
We're no good anymore.
Don't forget to follow us on twitter at WASenateDems!
And you have to admire how hard he's working to overcome his problems.
What's the point of taking public city transportation if the trip also involves thirty minutes of walking?
Sigh.
Imagine You feel two soft lips placed on your cheek and open your eyes.
You see a pair of twinkling eyes.
Liam:''Morning babe!''
Alright bitchez I'm live tweeting my train ride up to NY.
Y'all better hope some wacky people sit around me or I'll have niete to tweet abt.
At a special church service for mothers day, brought my baby Jesus dolly.
Breast fed it in the bathroom for old times sake.
what's your favorite track on
StupidStuffPeopleInstagram A polluted Beach
I would but twitter isnt letting me follow anyone else until i get more followers WTF IS THAT ABOUT!?!?!?!?!?!
Thanks for the RT mention!
Now taking vitamins has become a health hazard...from now on I'm breaking them in half..but I did create a new dance!
lol
RT : Shift your focus from problems to solutions, from fears to desired outcomes.
Do you know any Compensation Specialist?
New jobs are posted on www.hrjobboard.com
if we don't have sex...
then how do we have a sex life?
haha
Just sent : Thanks darling!
I'm really grateful to have amazing friends and family in my life to support me without judgements.
tinnitus, ringing in the ears.
At times needed to be endured for the sake of a brother.
Stay warm Portland!
A yellow jacket ruined my tanning moment.
Helping families to detox their home and reclaim their health with online support, resources, organic and safe shopping.
Plus a free ...
you capitalize Don't Ask, Don't Tell in the first reference in an article?
what?!
Lindsey was a fox back in the day!
And the Grammy for Trying Too Hard goes to....Nicky Minaj!
The Brewers' wives just bought up almost all of the rest of our stock!!
AAAAHHHH!
You seriously can't trust anyone anymore..
it's SatMon Labor Day weekend.
Lights is playing on Monday
Progressing toward launch date.
FYI, tweets now show on the Ebuxing.com site.
Go blow up my merch guys twitter and demand condoms that say  I like HID not HIV :
Eric Bledsoe was somehow taking over.
Then he threw a pass to the ref.
I enjoyed this fit of tweets.
Thanks to Holman's Distribution, we will soon have a large variety of juices!
Please join us in thanking them for their sizable donation!
I feel so bad I haven't posted a new part in over 2weeks
you think something good happened...
or you know something good happened?
I want 100,000 coins falling all over me!!!
RT When love  skill work together, expect a masterpiece.
John Ruskin
doctorke on repeat
Grilled Cheese i grownups: Whole Wheat w/Cheddar  Pepper Jack cheeses
you are incredible!
Get some rest and hit me up when you make it back to LA!
Much love.
:
Yet another PD session that affirms my decision to resign.
If you've never met a student, but he's on your roster, you're 100 responsible?
that's what I thought SS.
Stop the bullying and let's be good, constructive journalists and put all this petty BS aside.
going to advisory meeting for www.latinaconference.org to help reduce Latina girls high school doctorp out rates
Rufus just couldn't wait to get MothersDay started....
Happy Mother's Day to all of you wonderful Mommys out there.
God Bless all y'all!
West Palm Beach followers a fresh batch of 's magnets are waiting to be taken on Clematis.
Hey girl...
you should check out this amazing new BoyBand they are sexy and they can sing!!!!
Sounds like Slavicphobia in my humble opinion.
damn!
I don't want to be famous, just rich.
Let's figure out a way to get my show to your town!
when dose teen wolf start up again?!
I miss is :
HMU for the info to the ghetty ..
that awkward moment when its 207  im not tired atall .
You know you're Greek when a casual run to the store results in some phyllo dough in your cart for no particular reason.
oddities super great show
In bed not feeling well all day.
Listening to the Beatles.
k.
my life sucks.
ugh.
I'm in love with Futurama!!
Workout complete for the day.
Got my 5 miles in  the park with my teammates.
I'm motivated now and I love it!
FF A couple Earthsavers spa lovers!
I appreciate people who make my day!
You like it?
If Braun doesn't hit a HR, we aren't going to score.
I am thinking they were hoping he didn't accept it
Anybody else tired earlier on Friday nights than any other day of the week?
Coffee in hand, a happy bear, 6:00am quickly approaching.
Time to wake wifey up.
but then when you buy a brand new one it's like rebirth all over again!
homemade lemonade?
How come if ants are always so busy they always get time to show up at picnics ?
lol!
same here with me!:
im not mad at you for that
hell yeah!
i think i like death proof a little more though.
don't judge, your favorite subject is doctornking
Superficial is not my thing .
lol this will be the death of me
NFL's greatest hype man perfect : On set now w/ filming NFL doctorft opening promos for ESPN.
Straight FIRE!!!
Slow Jams by twista never gets old
is oh so good on a sunday.
Especially with my best friend
Now Playing  SaySomethin By 3 I LOVE THIS SONG.
Say Somethin' Baby dont be so Shy...
;
your so wasted :
email us the details.
First in line for the screening of The Dictator!
Who's ready to see what our new video is gonna be?!
I want to talk to some one.
wow yours is short!
On both days freshies have it 1st to 4th period, but sophomore either have it 14 or 57.
If i call and you dont answer but then call back, dont expect me to answer.
thought i could sneak that one in...
Let's explore?
Watched Bill Hall watch strike 3 pass him.
Good luck making the team Billy.
you all need to be following
Lol fuck that.
i am pretty damn fabulous and hilarious am i right
My neighbors are happy with our 5:30 am rabbit hunt!
Bray!
Smoke in the morning , afternoon , and night..
My hellomornings is full of HuhChoosaches shared by DD but Not her strep yet though!
Prayers AppreciatedTHX!
I'm Blessed by HMs!
Hey !!!!!!
The Fist Pumps Made My Day ....I'm Well Though.
What Have You Been Up To?
Thanks for the nice note!
Hope you have an awesome Friday and weekend
BIG SHOUT out to Dulles for loading us with the mobile units instead of going from the bus up the stairs in the cold.
I know I enjoy teaching when seeing my students make me feel better about what's otherwise been a shitty last 22 hours.
Rave car doctorver: Too many comparisons, too many memories.
You'll never stack up against a dead guy/father of her child.
Wherever you are  be all there.
NeverShouldYouEver leave an important and meaningful relationship for a guy who is only interested in adding you to his girl list.
and I want a pet guinea pig
Yahoo!
CEO who falsified resume' will still walk away with millions.
It's not easy being greedy  I mean, green!
Does ACC regret Pitt choice?
Panthers lose to new BE member SMU in football and open Big East play 03 in basketball, karma payback's hell.
Its Halloween, So Heres Tim Curry
Bipartisian does not mean she likes boys, girls, and partying
has my heart 3
Read Nutritional Labels to help u measure correct serving sizes  avoid overeating.
InterviewQuestion Tell us about yourself Jobs You better have an answer to this prepared and knock it out of the park!
I'm just surprised that there's a person out there named Tally.
Millwood pitching batting practice
CAM ON HELL
Oregon gets their Rosebowl win for this century!
first since 1917.
congrats to all Ducks see you in 2109!
Sleeping is nothing but wasting time.
I haven't graced the pillowtop in 5 days.
I plan to never shut my eyes more than ten minutes again.
it is for research journals, not research itself
The only medicine for suffering, crime, and all the other woes of mankind, is wisdom.
Thomas Huxley
I may just b in love with greysonchance.
he is hawt!!!
Remember, successful actors are flexible and take direction, so pull your leg behind your head before slating.
I think I have another one or two I'll tag you in it
Tune in to LAYOUdoctorVEMECRAZY ft teamBHR we on
Trivia What year did Red Bull Arena open?
I can be your knight in shining armor
This must be underwater love.
You wasn't shooting with me in the gym
Just had lunch w my good friends!
I'm glad it's a game.
Im mad my momma got more likes on her pics than me on my instagram!
lol ish cray
So happy  proud for 's promotion after 3 days on the job you rock!!
you are awesome  thank u:
kids Frog Prince at The Art Centre Theatre, Sun, May 13 1:00p: Come be a part of the audience for this wonderful production.
Join us on...
oh okay.
That clears it up.
Congrats uncle!
Even if it is Mexican..
When times are hard, push harder.
Perseverance is the only thing that will get you through.
Dig deep...
You are stronger than you think...
If my love for you is a crime, I want to be the most wanted criminal.
I will add to the list.
James Baldwin: Scotch.
Or Whiskey.
I HATE THIS MATH TEACHER!
It's on you today Boo...
It's your call...
Franchesca or Gabrielle??
Seems like 2/3rds of the people I follow are at the White House Correspondents' Dinner and feel the need to tweet every joke.
at the please play Muzik makes me by
Jut came across an ad that said Food is the new punk rock.
They obviously don't understand punk rock.
And it sounds like you've forgotten all about the actual news in the state.
doctornk people stories are so valuable ...
what are you talking about?
no doubt.stay bz and keep Growing.
: thanks for the posts!
im out of town this week, so its nice to get the playbyplay!
Atl is calln my dang name
Thank you to for donating a jersey to the upcoming dinner!
SHE DiD DAT
Planning w/ THENACA?
are available for select fall dates.
Msg info for your
Morning , yawn
We're impatient for a good experience.
We've been lead to expect a high signal to noise ratio says
Dear USPS, please find my certified mail/package.
Not sure how you can leave me a delivery notice then not have my package at your station?
I think you're right!
make sure I watch it thnx
Iowa is over, New Hampshire is next!
and tell us what to expect on CNN's Early Start
no hun, not religion, lifestyle.
she will pass, just like everybody.
Can Indy take back the iconic Robert Indiana LOVE statue?
We should own it, not Philly, challenges Peter Kageyama.
My Twitter is moving slower than a Kim Kardashian follower...wtf?!
Well looks like I'm not golfing today :
The most exhausting thing in life is being insincere.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh
I have watched Off The Pitch, like three times, can Saturday get here please????
Austin's braces make Austin more cuter :3
RIDDLE ME THIS: If you know me, you'll want to share but if you share me, I'll be gone.
What am I?
After your Sunday service come check out the Michelle Marie trio 124pm POOF!!!!!
hey there, I just submitted to Immortal Ink :
I actually really like this...
lol :
I'm bout to sit outside..doctornk..and jam Goodie mob first album..
Do Parent Teacher conferences help you as a teacher?
Yesterday, I fooled my dad with a fake bruise on my leg.
Today, I actually may have a broken toe and he thinks it's makeup again.
When you're right, you're right...
:
Although abnormal hair loss is not as common in women as it is in men it can be very traumatic.
I'll try to post the audio of a QA with Michel Hazanavicius and Michael Phillips in Chicago
Coming home, eat, nap, homework, then clean my room  hate the last 2 things of my schedule.
Yea just a lil tired n out of it RT : Awe I heard what happen , are you okae ?
and it's going to take forever to upload all my pictures.
p.s.
since when is degrassi on mtv?
3.
lol thanks.
And you don't owe me squat.
Family helps family without wanting something in return :p
Next week' s menu posted on web!
New Meal  Mediterranean Flank Steak Salad, yogurt doctorssing, hummus  flatbread YUM!
don't miss this one
Google To Stop Allowing AdWords Ad Rotation
why do ladies cheat?
The history of sabotage against cooperative projects and the importance of selfreliance in creating a successful coop movement.
i like pi
I posted the same thing!
Me and my wife are STILL talking about that  some things never change in Hollywood!
I need that hoodie RT Grab a bag from Cafe Press!
http:/./bit.ly/o5v8yP
Headed to lunch with my babies!
NOWFOLLOWING THE BEST EVER follow Me baq plezz :D
Your life is the one that God knows,not the one that people see.
feel better soon!
you are awesome, I love your tweets.
Blessed be!
: What actresses are you convinced could probably kick your ass in a street fight?
AKA
British ships of the line have opened fire on Norfolk, VA.
At the show tonite, shots of hand sanitizer 4 everyone!
It's storming!
:0
whatifindattractive a man that likes kids
You can't really go wrong at TED.
Happy Mother's Day to all great mothers!
Thank you for all that you do, today and everyday!
Being sick, stressed, and angry results in me craving ice cream, la salsa, bbq and chocolate.
Wtf.
BUCH  rockin' !
He uses Super Slinky's exclusively.
he literaly promotes the sht out of EB at shows.
My Toddlers  Tiaras episode was on rerun today.
Who saw it?
Decorated with sparkly tablecloths,  on one table, fake fur.
Lanterns, purple lights, house banners.
Catapultcheese ballsSnitch
At I don't even think about failure here.
It's not a word.Instead, we talk about iteration.
/CreatingInnovators
Do homework on the nature and extent of the demand for the skills, training, education,  experience within your chosen occupational field.
Continuing the night at Boardner's for anyone that didn't get enough booze.
I bet it was really nice!
I heard the preview was a success!
Keep me informed for the next event!
Yes!!!
RT : Congrats to Bridesmaids for winning Best Comedy Film at The
RT : Spring is almost here, Rubythroated Hummingbirds will be xing the Gulf by the end of the month.
Can't wait!
this place looks and sounds so beautiful!
GOT TICKETS?
Less than 120 tickets left.
Nov 18 LearnCamp Phoenix conference
Ed isn't too bright on this one...ad buys won't win this particular fight, but ground game will and DNC is all over it
FF FollowFriday the different divisions of 
LMFAO.
I can't believe this is happening right now.
HYFR.
So its snowing, I guess that's exciting
my sister lives in st.
Louis!
I will come visit!
Wow the LA kings are an 8 seed and there 81 in playoffs.
Knocked off 1 Vancouver and 2 blues.
Did it.
Only lost 1 game in the process
If America treated the obesity problem the same way as doctorg addiction, we'd finally help millions of frustrated overweight people to jail.
MT : Remindertonight, 2/23, 7:30: Mary Cheh  MPD speak about recent DC robberies.
Deal MS cafeteria.
Great Training day lifting UTA Trax Trains.
Thank you UTA for the great instruction.
Last day of doctorving without passengers.
A little nervous about that, but should be ok.
My trainer is great.
MKE MCTS.
Mordi: Greater levels of cultural homogeneity in North Africa allowed for better coordination on social networks
This lady is tawkn to hear self
Loved In the Night Kitchen.
Now reading that it was controversial due to nudity, possible sexuality.
Cool.
LOL Poor Taylor is trending!
i love her :
follow me please......
ZOMG!
Hobo With A Shotgun is available on demand from Amazon and XBOX Live!
I know what I'M watching tonight.
Bolland needs to work on his face offs
OH EM GEE.
Don't you love it when you discover a package of cookies hidden in the back of the cupboard?
More couples live together than get married.
I'm sure they know the pro's, or they wouldn't be so many of them, but do they know the con's?
livestream is frozen.
Many thanks for your great review!
Cheers
Difference isn't the coach as per Mort...the difference is class.
Mercy Corps Monday  Tonight from 5:309pm
I'm pretty good.: whatcha doing?
Congrats Alabama!
Well deserved win
just got off ..!
job kicked my ass today..!
Wendy has a dark side she used kellys mom!!!!
What???
thank u love u
Mega Millions Jackpot at 476 Million?
What would you do with all that money?
anything with tobacco and nicotine.
Usually we only praise heartily those who admire us
Those properties aren't in the RDA relationships yet
check out
Go Fiona Apple!
7 years of silence broken!
Taking the stage now  Leokane  CJ 'Boom' Helekahi.
Free island music 6:308p.
If you're in the area, join us!
loves summer a lot, but wants Eric home NOWW
Serena looks ahead to Fed Cup and Olympics Serena Williams will play overseas for the USA on Saturday in the Fed Cup for the first time i
We'll post updates on what is happening at IUPUI University Library!!
Please stay tuned!!
Some things are better left unsaid.
The thing I'm not saying is one of those things
thank you.
I just got bck on twitter ......
And i ttly need my followers back ........:
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 96
Good morning :
Just got word from doctorhe can't fly won't be in LA for NFMLA or NJ in June for Lighthouse Intl Film Festival.
have joined together to bring you a great event on April 19th at 8:00!!
Come out and have a great night!
My mom won't be here for mothers day and my brother won't be here so we can celebrate his 8th birthday.
Yay.
Not.
:
Fuck you then too, dick.
sorry for the scare, LA s goal was called back, 1  nil Sporting
Journaling opens many imaginative opportunities only available to us if we take the time and have the courage to write.
I do a killer British accent.
Lol
1st Lady Michelle Obama welcomes kids to the White House today for Take Our Sons and Daughters to Work Day
Loved the halftime show!
and I fell behind.
Now getting it together to have a website that is easier to update and navigate.
Lots to update now
Such a shame, not a looker in the bunch
so with you on that.
Come help jim Thorpe celebrate his Bday tonight at The Legendary Dobbs!!
Get here quick!!!
what time does the party start
Hi just wanted to say we loved the show!
Go Veep!
Imagine this is a real lineup in playoffs
DAntoni out in NY
A huge thank you Casey!
Really appreciate the support!
hahah yes, leo is so fine..
I'm not sure, but I don't think so.
cuz the top wobbles a little.
and you can see his kid's faces
so when all of the southern US people try an day my name..I just say..it's like Karen..but with a J..
Have you given any thought into understanding why you do the things you do...or think what you think?
Personal insight is a gift.
yo guy we must chat soon run tings!
Feeling blessed.
Merry Christmas!
well actually that's the only way I can go because I can't take my parents car again
Big welcome to fellow author
We were ment to last I just know it even tho we fight I know your still perfect :
We're looking forward to the opening of our Johnstown location as well!
We're projecting a June opening.
I think I like House a little too much...
3
You OK?
Gonna miss a whole lot this weekend!!!
Finally.
A fucking butterfly!
anyways want to know what I thought in biology?
If you lose niche market research, you lose everything to nothing
Our favorite new restaurant in
Loved him.
He was true to himself from the beginning.
Eating well today bc I'm off.
tuna sammich w/ bacon earlier for lunch...
now making filet mignon, mashed taters, green beans  yorkshire
Can you follow me back!?
: x
Senior yearbook party  binge eating.
Two plates don't care, right ???
Come on gentlemen, we're burning daylight here....
Heading to CT today for meeting on NSMN SportsTacklesCancer.
We are expanding successful sportsbiz charitable program!
I like my doctornks high, and lights low...
It's a great day to get out and vote.
I'm at precinct 66 meeting residents.
Have a great day, everyone.
ya I don't like you
you already know i keep it Purple
Writing tip of the day: Sometimes your best editing is done after the release of the work..But let it be an exception and not the rule.
haha well i'll be home from work sometime after one...if i see it i will kill it, but i'm creeped it's gonna crawl on me D:
you're giving them ROIDS?????
Here's the fall I know and love.
Why you tryna play me doll?
Knock 'em dead with Storyline this week at
UPA  Refresh groups don't often cross over, unless someone belongs to both.
I crosspromote to both groups since I led both.
nasty ...
That game was serious
Do you really need to cut into American Idol every 10 mins to tell me it's raining?
I kno I have the 2 songs recorded on my phone ill let u hear them tom at basketball
Thanks for following!
Aint even heard all of 's mixtape but what i have heard so far its freaking buck no matter what ChristianArtistsUp!!!
Up late, working on my clients' summer vacations; Caribbean Resort, destination wedding, and cruises.
Please follow us and retweet us.
13 college women walking to end breast cancer!
2 MORE DAYS!!!
Kratos would beat the entire XBOX universe by himself.
Even old boy from Gears with 3chainsaws would lose.
Very cloudy but still a nice day nonetheless
I'm impressed with the power and simplicity that provides...thanks for bringing structure to the madness that is php programming
Those too.
Not the shoes though.
I hate the shoes.
Pretty, but I am inept at putting them on most of the time.
you're welcome whenever
I loved when you and Brian Golden were on KMPC!
if I did it was accidental,I think sometimes twitter app does it on its own!
then why are u ignoring ALL my dms????
I work with this lady who is seeing a guy.
He is a habitual felon, no job, 9 kids w/2 women,  no license.
Wth?
thank you
Wanna play some crossfire?
touche, but I do remember you passing at least one shot to me and of the girls with the same name
I would never go bungee jumping.
A broken rubber brought me into this world, it sure as heck ain't taking me out.
So many things in the costume store look like Keith Richards
i've only seen mean bitch , nothing else !
Last week.
He looks like a bad guy in a movie.
Oh, hey, there's Tony Gonzalez.
I was wondering if he was there today.
haha love that I monitor media for my job and you found that first!
Thanks :
last Saturday
Aiiighright, yall gone turn rap to a nonprofessortable game if yall don't take it mo serious
Who is coming?
Nothing like diarrhea at a music festival
Age does not make us childish, as some say it only finds us true childoctorn still.
tea and zombies
haha I saw you on modern family just a minute agoo !
Haha ending was funny hahaha
What are you selling?
if you are going to loose all caps ill buy one.
my 1st smart phone!
They doctorss Slightly better as they get older, but only cause it's current  not '05, but even then still pretty bad.
Two day delay for ChocoLee.
Opening Saturday March20th at 10a.m.
Opening special, Lee's chocolate croissant..till there gone!
So, um...this Paul Cameron guy is nuts, right?
Taking bets on when he'll be caught with an underage male intern.
omg ok so im reading this fanfic right.
celebrating doctornkodemayo at broadstonebeach where the champs at?
see Bio is easy for me xD um my graduation is June 9th : you don't have to send anything lol just hang with me at warped!!
No idea man, sorry
United States of America V.
Ebony Wood in Various Forms can
I hope you choke on you bacon tomorrow
Get outta there!
The Erin Express crowd will only get worse as the day goes on...
Irish pubs not safe till April.
Tennessee teaparty keeps it classy
RT : Acting is a nice childish professorssion  pretending you're someone else and, at the same time, selling yourself.
your very smart
Who will win it all in June?
does his best to give you that answer right now on the show!
Welcome to our new followers!
Thanks, , , , , , ,
Well done!
;
Laura's hosting.
I finish Wanted to tepidness; she anounces people, people, not enough love for my motherfucking husband.
Place goes nuts.
hahah thank you for approving of my doctornkness right now.
RT My beautiful lady revised my paper for me:...
I love my smarty pants girlfriend  you welcome babe:
Naw.
I'm not teasing.
That QOTD just popped that song in my head.
Let's just say that would be a well tested relationship.
Do you have your own Youtube channel?
You could be famous too!
As pets all over world share vids!
Yes!
I noticed that .
Shoot, we need to be next .
But you'd agree St.
Louis' 88 wins might be  Texas' 96 based on sched strength..
shit forgot to hit you back!
today, tomorrow, and friday
1 test down 4 to go
Btw, did you vote in my latest poll yet?
I don't do polls very often so I hope you'd cast your vote :D
Thank goodness, hope she was appropriately schooled.

The only player I know of that played in the B1G from my high school.
This should be a good fight!
Movie recommendation is Will Ferrell in Old School
We always strive after what is forbidden, and desire the things refused us.Ovid
Election time  unemployment is out of control n/p just shink the labor pool.
When will these liars  thieves in DC tell us the truth?
any further delays possible for 5759 Boston to Kansas City?
its not that bad
this sunday post a usa flag and never forget terror will never win.
we are strong, united and free
You got that fortune cookie too?!
What kind of idiot hands that sort of thing out?
The cookie tasted like human, too.
Um...
Victor: Best advice on publishing  nobody knows anything.
Wasnt a great day but wht can i say?
Not everyday can be.
I love U godbless us everyone
There isnt nearly enough for a snow day
Very cool, we will contact you in the future!
According to current travel guides, New Orleans is one of the top ten most visited cities in the United States.
What do you think is the...
rhine who?
Yours looks good!
Off to help a friend get started on World of Warcraft!
Happy Twittering...
Hey : Sorry it took so long for me to follow back lol!
I don't either.
I'm scarred by the fact my mother is reading them.
Treat others how you want to be treated
Not like anyone ever cares what I think anyway.
Keep your submissions coming!
Our first issue will be out soon  we are behind but will make it up to you with an awesome first issue
That's cool.
I tried to stalk you but you were too fast.
;
There is a 'yes' in your future.
You just have to get past the no.
Just saw the Avengers.
What a dang triumph.
No, it's not perfect.
And that's OK.
Ruffalo's the heart of the movie.
Bravo.
Come put your American sausage into my English McMuffin,
No, I don't want to be cute, I want to be beautiful and smart, tells You go girl!
Joan describing her down deep out far series.
: will you sit with me on the bus, on the way to salamonie tomorrow?
3
Finishing up bfast b4 going to teach my onestroke painting class.
Thinking of starting a crochet project after my quilt is done!
Looking forward to session about google art project googleartproject.com
There's a musician on FB asking me about how to get a gig at one of Charlotte's live music venues.
Any idea to whom I should direct him?
and being cheerleaders!
you are crazy but I love you :
I have shelved more books today than should be humanly possible...
thank you Michael.
Trying to blame me because I like the Yankees.
childplease ;
In Toronto for Oscar Peterson's tribute tonightsinging w George Cables,Christian Mc Bride,Roy Hargrove,Ralph Moore,Willie Jones 3rd
more of a baseball kind of girl:P
My stomuch hurt so so bad
Rainy Day Funday
Jennie Garth on her animals: totally regurgitated Kelly's speech when Donna's dog dies.
Which makes me pathetic, not her.
Global v's regional comms is similar  different.
London has lots of traditional media exposure, but it's knowing your landscape
Ive chewed on that thing and it was flatter than day old beer!
pizza, salad,  grape juice 
Is Patrick Wang's IN THE FAMILY officially considered a 2011 release or a 2012 release??
you look amazing!
You always get the best haircuts!!
Mac Dougal sucks.
One thing that bothered me in the Avengers: how did Tony know Loki was going to throw him out of the window and not just snap his neck?
Haha, yes!
They filmed that right near my university.
I ran into Chris Pine writing in his diary at a coffee shop.
Friends, my counter is a joke.
New followers daily in email.
But the count bounces between 400 and 450.
Has for weeks now.
Should be 1000
Hahaha RT : Broccoli might get stuck in your teeth, but french fries will get stuck on your ass.
What?!
How is this logical for Bones??
Is it the post pregnancy hormones?!
Love, and a cough, cannot be hid.
G.
Herbert
love the quotes on spiritual nurse I was just telling Angie !!
In case you missed my tweet yesterday, Mind the Gap No.
1 DELIVERED everything I hoped for :D
So far  a few hundoctord of your closest moviegoing friends!
There are a number of boutiques which offer vintage clothes at a great price
Great Rosy has a 50/50 chance of living that's great!:
it's still questionable
NoI Said Roll The Dice Not Throw Them Out The Window
How can that be?
Jack of all trades
Donya Sorman Thanks for the follow.
May the shirt be with you!
That is the Truth Brothaman , The Truth about This is Coming Out About Israel Government Policy Toward the Palestinians!
Deadlines are breaking me.
Must make it to Thursday...
Or you could just only wear black and grey.
You let NY down
ellensdamnheron to keep it away, string up pie pans or old CDs around the pond.
The sun bounces off and scares them away.
I'm ready whenever hit me when u ready
ifyouknowmeyouknow my middle name.
Getting ready to addoctorss TANM with the Perception survey
Well hello spring....Welcome.
H Town!
That boy coming up in the DJ bizz.
Word to the wise.
Don't sleep on this cat!
Vainglorious!
This is protected...by the red...the black...and the green.
With a KEY...SISSSSAAAAAY!
Lol, we posted that like 10 seconds apart...
holy wow
Thank you!
I'm pretty excited :
I'm so bombed.Lol.
Love that song!
Walk on, indeed.
Hope you have a great day after all!
Check out the the following website for careers as a mechanic or a technician/www.ringpower.com
RT : So the Senate hates Millennials.
Awesome.
lol wouldn't go wrong...n ok dats cool for a start...I can dig dat :
I would trade my kingdom for a nice friday evening martini with you all
I'm gonna shadow at Oaklannd Catholic next week.
pretending like she aint cuffed lmao get in line
phone stolen....
Our song is the slamming screen door, Sneakin' out late, tapping on your window
haha your welcome:
go to google and type in Zerg Rush
Goodnight Grandedoctorams  Goodnight to the ArianaArmy  all the Arianators Grandedoctorams  Goodnight to the
Yes yes : Thank you sir.
going to see exhibition at Nat'l Portrait Gallery, The Black List.
Taking the kiddies.
Preview looks great.
New poll: 96 of people say they don't wake up feeling great.
So...
how are YOU feeling today?
I feel like the Allergy Fairy mugged my face.
got the job!
So proud of him!!!
XD
LOL!
I'm barely getting over mine.
But I want popcorn now.
HA!
It's a good day, a good day.
Aim for having a good day.
Than shoot for a great day.
O yea..
for all u Bulls haters, What the fuck is up?
Lol TECHNO
that's awesome!
I wanna see the pics when you get em.
When do you get back?
gee thanks!
;
wht age baby can u make your voice sound lik and wht other strange sounds can u make
Hi Kim
The spaces between your fingers were created so that another's could fill them in.
: FinalFour prediction: this will be the last week anthony davis has one eyebrow.
nba money  better barbershops....truth
One man dead in St.
Paul house fire on Dayton Ave.
this morning.
A live report is at 5...
yea it does get out of hand sometimes
Audition for new show called Toilet Head, went well will know if taping Voice Over later tonight.
Keep your fingers crosses, Its for FX
Have you been doctornking again?
How u gonna make tacos with no cheese
Indeed...nice post.
I've got a roter in my cellar I'm slowly working my way towards.
on what?!?
ayyyeeee
thx!
couldn't remember the name.
in your experience...easy to setup?
need to get this going in less than 24 hours...
not sure.
Follow mee !!
C:
Thank you Queen !!
Rayman Legends  Wii U Concept Trailer  new wii games
Going to see my girls softball game first, then Respect the Mic tonight  the Shrine!!
All we wanna do is eat your brains.
We're not unusual; I mean no one's gonna eat your eyes...
Really?
I would have thought she was more of a Reservoir Dogs kind of girl.
Behind the scenes with Becothe new baby elephant at the Columbus Zoogot to see pixplusHeather's Team, now 6000 strong  growingCU!
Thanks for the shout out!
RT : Follow this MKETWEEP: : give a year.
change the world.
Tweets by
wait i'll make it as icon.
Show yours?
Don't forget to check out my boo on ToughEnough !!
martincasasus ..happy?
?
lol
YouthMinistry is full of surprises.
Nothing is too shocking anymore...
RT LIFE: It's not where you are right now that's so important.
The DIRECTION you're headed DETERMINES your DESTINY!
real classy!
Wishing death upon someone you have never even met.
I'm still mad at her.
this Thursday is going to be YUCKY!!
WATTS!!
I have to start getting ready soon
Gonna go grab some lunch!:
I'm posting a great giveaway next week.
LOVE my wireless mouse!
What are you looking to do?
Malayan Proverb Dont think there are no crocodiles because the water is calm.
Anything Kaiser Permanente related :
I don't know why people like big butts.
If you really want to be featured in a national magazine go to streetradiomag.com FREE
Going to see my mamiringa
I'm looking to do fan music videos for all of my songs!
Post your pics and videos of you for any of my songs and they'll be included!
Skittles...taste the rainbow.
It's that thing where there's a bunch of gay multicolored midgets in a club.
Looks like a bunch of skittles.
Mondays Free Salsa Lesson and Dancing at Talara's tonight.
I'm 32  never owned a car.
Know Boston/Cambridge/SF very well from walking and/or running all over.
Best way to really know a place.
We are at Sunset and Valley View today until 2pm.
Tomorrow is Sunset and Arville!
We are now entering Zebulon
okay, I walked up in this bitch fresher then a mother fucker
oh good, twitter works!
Love you too!
Almost off work.
Weather is SO nice
Great savings for seniors this Thursday 25 discount off entire purchase  Thrift Shop  must be at least 65years young!
Do your players respond to you as a coach because they fear you?...OR..
Do they respond to you because they are motivated by you?
Two Boots Pizza opened in the Fitzgerald in Midtown on June 1 hosting a grand opening celebration, free samples and live music from 68pm.
Aww, shucks!
RT : is my hero.
regenstein has never seen so much soul.
same goes for you
someone told my wife today that our dog was so ugly that it's cute.
i am not amused.
When talking to vets, ask to see their DD214 to verify claims
Nice idea.
How about doing 5p7p sometime so working folks can say hi?
Aw, thanks!
The speech is exactly 1 week before my March of Dimes Samba dance...
not sure which one makes me more nervous!
doctorpSync's MedGuide makes it easy to maintain accurate and uptodate info on medication references!
Hey you!
Hope you have a great weekend!!!!
Rockin both coasts with the two best bands on the planet!
Happy New Year!
RT : Ditto for me for BGCC ;
UConn players were with Howard during stabbing  One teammate performed CPR while another comforted the attacker.
Rvp for president
Nicki Minaj is just so beautiful!
now it let me.??
Well I tried yesterday while there was a failwhale so thats prob whyy
People are stupid.
I'm tired of good music being thrown into a genre called 'Screamo'
Tried to go to bed early tonight...
He took the team further than anyone thought possible, great guy.
Great human.
Wish him only the best in the future.
Done filming and editting the project.
SOme much fun :D
Yes.Just.Yes
so far it's killing me!
I got doctorfted by the 76rs and I'm struggling.
I could doctorp 30 w/ my guy as a 55 overall.
Now....
oy.
The Great of the team is far better than the individual parts.
Team work WORKS, not everyone practices it.
when you're in a relationship would you say that you wear the pants?
Or do you let the man have them?
Are there support jobs located at all Esri regional offices?
Some more than others?
I cheated and listend to turntoyou when it was leaked.
That song is so good and emotional.
Pattie is lucky to have Justin as a son : 3
I had no idea Gwen Stefani and Gavin Rossdale were no longer together, he's gay now apparently?
doctor, chapped lips deserve some care.
Mix a bit of olive oil  sugar, apply to lips, wipe off the excess  voila!
A sweet smile.
how happy are you
Thanks Sue  it was great to meet you, too!
;
MSU!!!!
That was a game!
where at!
AGREE!
RT We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
Or maybe I'll just continue to hang on to these feelings.
And continue to hang onto what we had.
And you'll live your fake wonderful life...
I want to be the reason for the smile on your face and that one girl in your life who can never be replaced.
also I don't usually pay close attention to random strangers saying weird things
Thanks!!
I Made It!!!
lol yes he is, they grow up so fast!
I really gotta start focusing
RT : A big welcome to , who joins the social team today!
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Stakes are raised in English soccer this weekend  Los Angeles Times
New CandySwipe game comment in the andoctorid market: So addicting...expecting it to be silly and I ended up loving it by Barbara
A foolish man tells a woman to stop talking, but a wise man tells her that her mouth is extremely beautiful when her lips are closed
they are so dumb!
Omg i know like jb is perfect!
Austin is well eh....
Lol
I'm a product guy.
speaking at shorenstein center
I love seeing OKC play like this, not only because the Thunder are just awesome, but I know that is loving it too!
thanks!
I'll be there
how is it?
I need someone/something to take care of my boredom
BO!
Dad just got a call from work saying he's got to go work in Canada for a week :
The intelligent option might be A No vote, treaty is improved for growth, B 2nd referendum later on in the year.
Safer strategy?
Great speech given by Commissioner Loretta Smith Live on Portland Community channel 11, Portland Public Schools tv channel 28 from 411am
is that once or twice a minute?
Hahaha
Strange to have 2 halfway decent starters on the same squad.
I thought he would go Jax.
I'm not sue if you heard, but I was the doctornken idiot chanting your name the whole game in Seattle last year.
You're the shit!
All of cincinnati is at monks...
i love you so much i am so proud of you !!!!!!: follow me bck please ill be waitting!!!!!!
I love to answear your questions !!!!!
Str8LykeDes...
Ok how can I be 2 places at once...
Facebook killers des days....
POTD The Beach Boys.
I had a Beach Boys kind of night tonight.
I'm txtin him n m a official Laouvers :3
RIPWhitheyHouston u was always a genuine person in ur music n movies.
Ur soul is  peace 3
Must stay awake...must stay awake Wishing I had a ride home from work so I can sleep in a warm car :/
Decided to always check shoes after a weekend involving large button pins...
otherwise, it can be
Laying on an air mattress so it will deflate faster.
It's the little things.
mysuperpowerwouldbe to read people minds:
Can't wait to have a baby!
He's going to be a professorssional NBA player just like his daddy D.
Wade lol
RT : Josh  I were JUST saying the same thing!
Honored to be a part : // SO THANKFUL for you guys!
Don't stop the madness.
So looking forward to March Madnessthe best sporting event bar none.
I bet you won't see this but if you do please follow 3 you are my inspiration and you helped me believe in myself33
Now we have no Now we have no Now we have no Now we have no Now we have no Now we have no Now we have no Now we have no Now we have no Now w
Reluctant to tweet b/c my tweet  is awesomely set at 608 Madison but thinking of Japan today
Know what's missing from WHCD?
Correspondents!
AH IM SO EXCITED!
:D
Can't sleep.
I have stories for you !
What up twitter?
Dukes hopes for a 1 seed have to be gone now.
Agree ?
WASH PARK!
New Craft Boutique  Home for the Holidays Oct 21  22
Going to live my life from a new perspective.
I can make mistakes in my sleep.
Back then they wanted me now im hot and they still want me lol
I don't really mind this hot weather.
It's the dusty, aridness, the kind that makes me wanna shower once every hour, that bugs me
Good thing Aunt Leeda doesn't fart.
I'll try.
What r the odds of getting in w/o registering in advance?
I probably won't know until last minute if I can make it.
Happy Founders Day
Can't get enough of the Rocky Mountains another day on the slops!
.
I can't with this ridiculousness.
NKTOTBSB gets to compete alongside NKOTB  BSB?
WHAT IS THE FUCKERY.
Fabulous beer pairing dinner w/ at tonite!
Tasted Prince, NobleKing, Wunderkin  Blk Metal
lol yea I kno I'm a Lil behind the times lol
Tomorrow then.
Excited to hear about your fitness ideas.
I see your abbs, running around town lake like you own the place.
argggggg .' i cant find out the policy tat i had filling tat day die hard!!
Rebecca who,Selena  Demi?.Bad parents, she didn't write it.Industry using bad press approach.Just tell ur kids another child exploited 4!

NO Lady wants a Man that's a bitch, Point blank.
We are going to have to reschedule tomorrow.
Greg got busy.
How about next Tuesday at 2pm?
Will Ferrell is an icon, revolutionary, and a scholar
Fuckkkk bro i really wanted to go to the beach tmister 
She has a baby.
Audition Today for Werther's.
Eating lots of caramel!
Reminder, this is the last week of our old business hours!
Starting next Monday, August 1st, our new hours will be 8am6pm.
I found it at Harris Teeter.
Peanut Butter aisle.
RESPECT and LOVE!
God bless you and yours
Where is my breast n biscuit lol RT : That chicken spot did me justice though 
ESPN News  Dodgers sign AllStar CF Matt Kemp to a 8year, 160 million extension making it the biggest contract in team history
Contemplating boycotting social media today.
Jealous of all that's happening at UNC.
Why didn't my parents hold me back??
I agree.
Make your case, then be quiet.
It's their turn to speak.
Don't jump into the void.
You may kill a yes.
jealous.
That is all
Time to go shopping for fox field!!
Appreciate it!!!!!!
Happy to be home, but hate that I missed seeing you!
Apologies to for letting 's love of amazing artistry interfere w her views on what twitter should be
Absolutely.
I really like the concept and think the site has huge potential.
I look forward to hanging out more often.
sure : I followed you and thanks for the follow 3
Best part of an aisle seat?
All the people hitting me as they board.
Spatially challenged people, apparently.
Smaking your gun just to make someone mad
played it for the first time recently.
Was unaware of multiplayer going in.
Good stuff.
Why does tour bus wifi always suck?
NEW MIX MAKES ME WANT TO PARTY NOW!!!!
New to yoga?
Come to our beginner class tonight 6pm with Laura
LeBakery Boutique Cake Tasting next Friday from 5:307:30 p.m.
Free to attend!
lol oh rachael
THAT woman, talking about JFK, is making me ill.
Buy some class, lady!!
A year from today you'll be signing with Purdue!
:
An Austin mother is going to prison for 35 yrs.
next at 5.
amazing morning with  loved Paul's presentation  thank you!
pick a day...roll the dice...do something already.
Lol
have I ever told you no?
Oh, right, I haven't.
That was your brother from this mother, Where is that kid, anyway?
Why is my life so fucked up??
:
I only ever get sick at 3 am.
Audition  yay!
Love it when you get paired up with a good partner!
I would say the streets are not normal.
They are so empty.
It's like 28 Days Later out there.
samantha22.
now everyone knows it :
I just love embarrassing myself
iwannaknowwhy its damn near five o clock in the morning nd I'm up tweetiin nd shiit...
DAMN!!!
Must be excited bout my single release.
WORD
Its the fuckin catalina wine mixer
strut across the stage Naomi Campbell walk
Nice try though;
I really have never liked a guy simply for who he was and not what he could do for me.
I'm happy to have this chance.
lol if u guys sold ice cream I'd come up there more
you rock!!
I've found I'm most efficient with 12 minute power naps.
I'll leave the 20 to the cats.
If she still wearing heeleys
Fun, thoughtprovoking chat with and on a gorgeous sunny Seattle afternoon  thanks for the time  insight
Good morning!
Almost Friday!!
wanna see how fast I delete that tweet
Who surfs the Net by pecking at the keyboard?www.oody www.oodpecker.
CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL MICP STUDENTS on a successful completion of the Spring 2012 Semester!
Mistakes are a normal part of business.
Sincerely apologize for the act itself, not just for the unintended impact.
Inspired by last two days of kipcamp to try my hands at some dataviz videos.
Now I just need to pick the right tools.
you go to work and I to high school :p
She was on a ABDC episode she met them and yesterday she saw mikey and bailey at the movvies so ya.
Shes nice!
trying to sleep!
eh i cant do it lol
I know, it's amazing.
Unicornlike, at this point.
Not sure which version this was for, Evo/Revo?
I've ran into several situations where I could have used something like it.
Having a look at DADT report.
No women among the review leadershipreally?
Awesome!
Thanks
Ford Mustangs are Sexy Beasts!
;
Back in Jamaica..too much snow and cold in NYC.
I'll be uploading my HassyNYC challenge this weekend!
Good thing it's a long one!
everyone please follow my Poplyfe Buddies
I've wondered about the on/off.
Mine seem to go to sleep when the computer is turned off.
I never turned them off.
is the sexiest man EVER.
i will have his babies one day ;
pounding 40's cause in tired of wine lol
Now I'm not going to be able to sleep.
Extremely disappointed with the customer services I've been receiving from LG  on top of being pissed my 3.5 m/o washer is broken
Ordered both really interested in reading Quiet that reading list just keeps growing 
The real culprits behind the recent attack on an EPD officer are the falseflag organizers who twisted that young man's head around.
No problem
RT : Tampa Cuban Sandwich RT Q5 Foodiechats via What is your AllTime favorite kind of
biggestturnoff when a guy asks you for pictures 
Can't wait to see my dear friends Leah Goyak  Dave Menner become Husband  Wife tomorrow 3 You two were made for each other
I swore I'd never fall again, but this don't really feel like falling, Gravity can't begin to pull me back to the ground again
all i need is an I Love You from and my life is complete
Congratulations to on your multiple MaggieAward noms!
Great job!
Good Morning Boston...hot or iced from Starbucks to wake me up?!
I shouldn't have doctorve, tell me how I'm getting home..
is it worth my time to watch a bunch of bitches act stupid ??
I don't think so my dear.......
Wonderful!
Best of luck!
Catching people in their own lies 
you turn on tutorial thn when there's a turn...you turn twice really face and it takes away everything.
yah I have my board but I wanna get in n out after school
I forgot how much I love 's music.
This is making my morning much more pleasant.
Ah !
Ate too many hotdogs :P
Uggghhh.
So hard to keep focused on a holiday afternoon.
yup and I am slightly depressed every day that I wake up and am not there
Yeah, I'm not creating anything.
Purely a consumer.
:
The business thing is interesting.
I'd be really good at an MBA program but fitting in keeps me away.
I'm not business.
Who's stopping by for Cinco de Mayo this Saturday??
Planning for next tax season
Congrats!
RT : Congrats !
You just won a 25 GC
Wa la magic!
Wa la magic!
Tonight we are giving some of our proceeds to Childoctorn's Hospital, check it out and help childoctorn in need: www.dealshow.com
I'm so excited you joined Twitter lol.
Just know it is hard to be as funny as Dave or Wil Wheaton so just try your best!!!
Happy New Year to everyone!
Registration 4 EdcampSS will b opening next week.
Stay tuned 4 more details.
www.edcampss.org
Page is terrific but the agency doesn't have an office in Louisiana so it's not an option.
I wish I wasn't stuck in stanges room during the thunderstorm...
I lurv da rain.
Valentines Day is so fake.
If you love someone, youll treat him/her special every day.
Not once out of 365 days Happy Valentines Day.
T2: Perhaps an operational, regional HIE could simply make the switch and begin operating as an ACO.
start  search 4 computer management.
Click storage  disk management.
cont...
Haha I love the muppets
I would but I only had that realization myself recently.
heh.
Darren is now following C.S.I.
people....
Word!RT Leo's are human lie detectors.
Ideas are flowing on water!
bigtime sales coming soon.
I love you.
Hour late to my appointment?
No problem!
Brought my own parts?
Sure!
Bathroom?
Yes, it's clean.
Thank you.
sushi with
RT I think yr ridiculous faithbased politics that go directly against the words of jesus are inexcusable Thoughts?
Now there's a happy soul
practice good referral karma, give referrals to receive
In her new book 'Bossypants,' Tina Fey claims that Cheers has one of the best pilot episodes she's ever seen.
Millennials and Print Newspapers: A Surprising Story
Alaska Airlines  Starbucks Team Up to Serve Freshly Brewed Coffee Onboard All
Starting to watch downtonabbey, I know, a bit
I want a tatoo
Instead of doing FF why don't I just follow new people instead?
So who wants a
Wow!!!!!
Its snowing in late March in LA
Okay Creepers, I'm not in the mood for you today.
You've been warned.
must of thought he was
they suck.
Told ya.
Sorry anyways
Ridiculous.
Whether he was number 1 or up and down like he is now, Tiger has always had behavior issues on the course
well the sun was out in chicago but the cold is coming back with a vengeance.
change is good right???
life has been hell!
Never take your parents for granted.
No one will ever love you as much as your parents do.
Get well soon mom.
Need music?
Email me at
I wonder does this work
I know that you're completely shocked right now.
Will this change your mind about Raburn for right now at least?
so you're saying noones going to get doctornk?
Ahaha
Fantastic!!
I'm counting on you next time!
: : love ur self.
ur to young for love yourself You are too ay dios mio u wood
: My flight to Newark from KC is delayed.
Thankfully my connecting flight is late evening.
CC:
Do you think Montee Ball has a chance at the Heisman?
The articles I read said it happened NINE times before!
whats everyone working on today?
Thanx 4 the love.
God bless.
sounds good!
I'm coming to visit u and D sometime next month :
love this photo!
Makes me excited for summer!
Laughed so hard I was crying talking to my honey on the phone.
I miss my best friend!!
ResumeWriting will always be the SpawnOfSatan in this new GlobalJobMarket.
It's Evil Peepil!
Living life to the fullest don't have time to care cause im busy doing what im doing
from one melissa to another and from one powerlist recpt to another...hello  congratulations!
If we focus on how much we do for others and how little we feel appreciated, our thoughts will take us to a place of resentment, Where...
I've had a great day  thanks
And my fitness level is going up.
Personal trainer is kicking my ass.
I love to hate him.
That sounds like a good bet...unless she's cross eyed.
Lol
i love the amazing world gumball :D only little longer til mall time :D c:
acob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more.
We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen..........
Where'd you find it?
Po man how was the trip
UM, HELLO?
SPOILER ALERT?
GAWD!
Congratulations to for being named one of the best childoctorn's hospitals in the nation!
..thank you Minister B..cant wait to hear about your trip.
I know God met you there!
Thanks for the s/o!
Greatly appreciated!!!
Twitter can do the same thing.
hahaha talk about a prime example!
I DON'T PHUCK W/ SQUARES; DOES THAT MEAN I'M OUTTA SHAPE?
SMDH,,,, LiL Wayne
Some woman passed out two pews behind me in church omg that was scary
Happy birthday!
You know you want just a couple more...
Happy Birthday to one ahhhhmaaaaahhhzing young woman!
3
While your experiences of your past will shape you, in no way do those experiences have to define you.
Carole Brody Fleet
haha!
that is amazing!
I would maybe kill to see that at the Old Library.
we're just meant to be 3
LOL!
Love your bio!
To Oxford or not to Oxford, that is always a big question for me!
RT : .
Truth: The right book has to reach you at the right time,  no person can be reached by every...
Instead of worrying about cutting meals, be healthy and increase calories burned during exercise.
Thanks for the follow!
I'm confusing lol and stubborn
Happy Groundhog Day!
more than ham, less than a roast.
Who's on the must see list today?
No tweet can ever do justice in describing just how insanely happy and in love I am.
3 :'
Join us 2morow, New Hope Metro  Aloha Tower; time to Level Up in our Prayer Life.
Lord I believe; help my unbelief!
WalkingDead...
What kind of fucking season finale was that?!
So sleepy...
Spread across his bed no room for him!!!!!
Sorry :
I will be taking a half day today as the Cubs opener comes on  11:10 on the west coast.
I always have to end up hurt don't I?
MSW booked Snowman vs Jake t Snake for Dome.
Muhammad Ali 2nd Sman.
Office said it would crush JYD's Dome records
That is insane.
I wear 4T sometimes.
i want eat im hungry !
Lovely lines.
Oh, and I guess the Eames is nice too.
Aw lots of tree love in that photo, Thanks for starting Friday off loverly.
I would say so!
libmade Librarians here made history yesterday
Out of the El Cajon city council meeting, MOTHER GOOSE ROCKS is the theme of next year's Mom Goose Parade.
You heard it here first!
What a wonderful day in company of The renegades
Indeed, Ron!
But better second half!
thx!
They were running around the room yelling, we're famous, we're famous!
when they delivered a copy of the paper.So cute!
yep!
I was just reading about her!
That's funny how we remembered this day lol..
Let's see how long she'll actually stay in jail!
it seems to me that Fox News is pretty mainstream, wouldn't you say?
Dmitri Young  D'meat Hook was pretty awesome
didn't know good night..made her night ;
Check out Victoria's Secret's sexually suggestive Toronto Blue Jaysbranded ...
Toronto Life
I totally remember when we had you come in to test all of those foundation shades at Shop Etc!!
Noeleen: In a crisis, you need to stick with the main likable spokesperson, even when the story gets bigger.
Quake Arena Arcade needs its own Wikipedia page, methinks.
Any volunteers?
I'm bouta be knocked
Shes taller than me sigh
I can tweet about whatever the fuck I want, and I'm really starting to get sick of people giving me shit for it.
Watch out bitches, she throws down on Bastille Day!
Can I be the SonInLaw?
RT Father picked me up on his midlife crisis Harley.
I'm hoping he buys a midlife crisis island next.
Man, i'm just trying to live life to the fullest.
to do that, you got to be at your best...
Finishing Couggtry's work I procrastinated...
gotta love it.
Very true!
RT : Free weights tend to bring more definition bc you use your stabilizing muscles to balance the weight
: hey how are u tonight: I'm good
Grapes  time  wine.
We are responsible for the first step in answering our own/others prayersthru intentions/ efforts, we create opening  space for God to act
It's to the point where i dont even wanna be alive
Looking at my middle school year books...
We have changed BIG TIME.
I'd be happy to discuss this in more depth with on Bloggingheads or elsewhere.
you need to come back to Seattle with your lovely very lovely self : i remember meeting you long ago...
!
:
Long night..
Off to bed!
The Man Behind the Shades, interviewed in New York Times feb 2000 pop scene tracking down the souls of Nashville 9 years later 65  Blind
Family, Friends and Soccer 333
Thanks!
We have some waiting for you.
Invaders!
Er, welcome to Pasadena.
The line at Europane is nuts today.
On wednesdays we wear pink
I'm at smccsc which auto correct tries to make dmv sc dear god why...
I thought I was done with the state!
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.
Albert Einstein
We'll be open at 6 a.m.
tomorrow for OpeningDay with broadcasting live!
Go Go!
Always love having our mayor in on Taco Tuesday!
I think girls r neat
They dnt pay me enough to get nervous or stress about anything
Bird pooped on me yesterday and today we have a company field trip today to the Casino!
Let's hope the saying stands true BirdPoopGoodLuck
Write a great letter to casting directors.
It should be confident, but not ridiculously cocky, because they don't know you yet.
But strong.
but trust your intuition.
oh, what the hell man?
as soon as I say what great weather it is, the skies totally cloud over.
messing up my shoot!
High five for college education!
For It's Natl Patient Advocacy Week, honoring healthcare professorssionals who work to ensure that all receive highquality care
I'd rather be let down than be a let down.
BLEGH!!
all good...especially 30 minutes ..I haven't seen bad teacher ..but for a buck why not
Single wingmanning it up tonight.
New goal: not to get chopped up into little bits.
Ugh!
Annoying parents of the other team are annoying.
Mayor: we care a out PSq because it's a place that can lead the city
Sorry to bother you again.
I wanted to confirm if you've received both emails and are declining both events.
Thank you
the increasing use of EDM outside academia comes from the bleed between academic  journalistic EDM writing
Now I know why I've been in bitchmode 
Who will dunk three balls now?
When your hearts set on something, do it.
Don't give up, no matter what.
Fight for it if you really believe in it.
I'll always fight.
I'd tweet about my hamstring, too, but I'm Jewish.
made it to 1k.
thank you everyone!
Thank you for liking it!
I so hoped you would.
I am DJing at Tiga Bar tomorrow night  Friday, Nov12  9pm to close.
Come on down!
First 5 designs 15ea.
for all ULC /Cap Logos at GalaxyDigitizing.
Get a special quote for bigger designs.
Email:
wordoftheday Trepidation A feeling of fear or agitation about something that may happen / Use in a sentence!
Best 1 read  6:50 on 91.3
Were playing in front of the UCF Arena this Thursday at 6:00 pm.
Come laugh at the dancing puppets.
Plottin to take over the world
haha I was about to turn off my TV and then I saw Ramires's run and finish lol..
but I hate how uefa cheats for barca every time
AGREED RT : You are THAT GIRL...
such an inspiration to women everywhere!!
Thank you for being such a bad ass!!
xoxo
While still shelving DVDs, I become disconcerted at the thought that MULHOLLAND doctoris generally better thought of than INLAND EMPIRE.
We're excited to be 's Jingle Bells at Kells holiday party!
Come support a good cause and enjoy some food  doctornks with us!
:
Mario using the turtle shell as a hat was great.
Every morning I get up and go to work and earn a living for my family.
My wife never stops working 24/7Worker
Courage is being scared, but standing up anyways.
Passing the CampingBan  killing civilunions.
Ugly day for equality/fairness in
A bad run is better than no run at all, right?
Haha.
My phone isn't smart so I have to tweet on my Apple before I leave my house.
Happy Saint Patty's day!
Have fun !!!
:
life is obnoxious, make yours meaningful.
oh fo sho.
Ice cream tomorrow?
Bring the ladies.
I hate sleeping with both legs under the cover, I always wake up hot.
Lazy Friday flow
Last night had the honor of watching The Wooten Bros., Future Man and Mandy Mason perform.
Had to be the best show of Nashville!
It's time on TheVoice!!
Let's show 'em how it's won!!
Thanks for the Tweet!
Be sure to follow!
Listen at 10:40pm for your shout out!
I am probably going to butcher your name :/ Ha!
You have seen this before, but have you thought about it this way?
You Must Be Present To Win!
Coach Terry

Also if you want more bubbles, the Lisp  Planner  Prolog and Planner  Scheme
What is Bethea doing in the endzone?
He wasn't covering anyone Man to man inside the 20!!!
Change the defensive scheme Poor poor coaching
You guys should really make a kindle service for arts and letters daily, or atleast use their stories
Thank you, Gary Farmer and Heritage Title, for sponsoring the Fight for Air Climb again this year!
We very much appreciate your support!
Hello Twitter, from LinkedIn.
Do you ever cook with the Quorn products?
Side note, you have some crazylong eyelashes.
Very pretty!
You is pretty, you is kind, you is important
I need a haircut asap
Good for him, now he speaks about it RT : Obama to kids: Carbon is warming the planet.
We should do something about this....
:D SORRY.
Finally got my new phone
See....
what would I do without you: GOALS!!!!!!!!
I'll doctoram about them tonight!!
lol
worse night ever got no sleep thunder was so close and supper loud i stood up all night only one hour of sleep
that is literally the two best song writers ever together omfg I can't even imagine how great it will be
It takes a lifetime to know your partner; but its not needed at the cost of losing yourself
And I'm back at it again....
Hello Twitter
Glad to meet you!
Always good to find a fellow defend of Life on Twitter.
aww thanks for the love :
but to post up my surprise plan for tomorrow im gona need everyones help to make sure the band sees it!
Ali threw his gold medal in Ohio River 2 protest Vietnam War, he was a doctorft dodger  coward,  I'm from the Ville
I don't think ppl should be allowed to save seats.
Show off those guns u've been building at heat boot camp.
Could I get an invite to try art.sy?
I have some colleagues in the Miami museum world that are interested in seeing what it can do.
wasn't messing around tonight.
Good folks to
Haha, going to watch Jersey Shore over again from last week.
Just to watch Mike, get frigged up.
:
And she's down.
Enterprise has landed at JFK.
NY, take good care of her!
Love, Washington
Glad it rained.
Vegas is too damn doctor.
Does anybody else have fat on the top part of their stomach?
Like under your boobs, its really annoying
What should I do on my birthday?
It's on Thanksgiving this year..
will be at WordCamp but I'll sponsor someone.
skyping with tyra.
she needs to get a twitter
It isnt defeat, but rather your mental attitude toward it, that whips you.
Napoleon Hill
If you find one you like, please let me know.
I always get annoyed with the layouts, then give up.
I need sleep please pick me :
My Spanish vocabulary lists are getting more and more specific and full of words that I probably have not used in English in years.
Cute how girls are tweeting about the Masters like they're golf pros.
Horrible call on Briggs
So bored...someone tweet me!
Is there any good app that will allow me to record a podcast using my iPhone?
They say No matter who broke your heart, or how long it takes to heal, youll never get through it without your friends.
So thank you.
Ily
Thank you Denver for all your support.
This is one great community!!
I like him, he likes me, we arent dating yet.
Thats why its complicated,
If you cool we cool, you love  we love you more, you cry  we hold you, you FK wit us your finished.
U Can Call It Dat  Everything's A Go, Go, Go!!
How did you know I am curvaceous?
LOL!
Hope you had a wonderful weekend!
Ah so angry.
I will now complain and have no one care what i say.
Many thanks!
Not necessarily much change in the ear, but I did make it to work today.
If you want people to take responsibility and do the right thing, empower them with decision rights and a clear goal!
i just wanted to say that i love u 
Why hello NASA tv, nice to see y'all
Gottlieb: Asked whether investigation into Maywood finances, answer was no.
Happened to ask, what about Bell?
Answer was yes....
Vaporization with a flying sensation.
good afternoon :
If you don't change your beliefs, your life will be like it is forever
Tip of the day: An efficient technique used to eat meat is to place it into the inside of your mouth and chew it.
Twitter will not let me reply to your DM!
Says we my followy affection is not returned.
Twitter doesn't know us at all.
watching movies is one of my favorite things to do.
OK, who wants a job?
Taking applications.
Climate change and compassion go together DalaiLama tells Maureen Cavanaugh.
Thanks for your follow as well.
I'm happy to give you feedback on your site.
Definitely appreciate your writing!
Hey check this out!
At 3:30pm  7pm we will be giving away a VIP card to the WatchMKE Release Party via Twitter, so make sure you watch!
RT
Hello TweetWorld!!!
We are District Elements!
This may well be the last summer weekend of 2011.
How are you celebrating?
we'll be announcing a new tour within the month and I'm hoping we make it out in March or April.
Writing my next play.
The characters are dancing around in my head.
Time to grab the pen.
good luck!
Nope and you are losing.
Too bad.
add to that Cleveland scores TD on opening doctorve for the first time this season...
Ughh might quit track because i cant run!!:/ i pulled a thigh muscle!!!;
OH: have you ever tried a kusshi?.
Answer: um...
Yes!!
We're interviewing Bella Thorne Disney's new star of Shake It Up!
Any questions for her?
Just Announced!
5 Week Technique Class for Actors Tues, May 11  June 8 / 710pm Return students receive a discount.
www.actorsintensive.com
A healthy attitude is contagious but dont wait to catch it from others.
Be a carrier.
True and real you fool.
LA City Council approves 8 bid preference to local companies on 150K contracts.
Mayor Villaraigosa asks board to back same.
Week three of a threemonth power block.
Next post is on the merits of Small Business Development Centers and the SCORE program.
19th amendment  equal work for equal pay, we're for it, but you want to doctornk our diet soft doctornk?
sorry ladies, no way
I love you, and because I love you, I would sooner have you hate me for telling you the truth than adore me for telling you lies....
i always want what i can't have: every cat ever.
: perhaps I will come see your cute face!
Yaya!
Miss you too kitten nose you and rich  everyone have to come and sty
better be.
Soldier Boy...Hecky naw new tune already 40 year old fool
You text me.
I text you back right away.
Then you answer me 5 hours later?
What the hell was the point of texting me?!
Well today is my official Friday even though its Saturday.
A doctornk at 530 am sounds like the right thing to do!!

she's a virgin!
You whore I was calling you  I know your probably looking for something I just found :p
Hullo real person!
Nice to meet you, yknow, sorta.
Having a good one?
The Fray on my shuffle mix.
Makes me REALLY anxious for Thursday's GraysAnatomy
RT : Wine.
Rain.
Season four of Mad Men.
College football fantasy doctorft.
One hell of a Saturday night.
WoP had 80 acceptance rate which O'Connor reduced to 10.
Got a new boyfriend, do you?
Ha!
Kidding, friend.
RT love me some
Best wishes for 2012 to all my tweets friends
Wow did that really happen?
C'mon ducks recruit a kicker!!!!
my friends, you bow to no one.
Aragorn.
Cue intensely emotional Howard Shore music
i know im happy too:
Tabloid Ty, J.Dot the MC.
and Deejay Get Right have vowed that anything Far Fetched from happening they will make happen....
I got rejected when I asked if I could just go pee...
Happy Thanksgiving from Portland!!
I MADE THE COVER PHOTO THANKS ;
WHO let's celebrate!
The journey is the reward.
No, I did not.
I might try to get it for the Vancouver show though.
How about you?
Cholesterol of American adults 2x as high as indigenous cultures due to processed food, sedentary lifestyles etc.
Stunning indeed.
Thank you for sharing!
: Gah my haircut looks strait out of Forrest Gump shameful can't wait to see haha!
Watching Barney with the kids and is on it lol she looks so young n cute
I'm so excited for tomorrow!
turns out is on this.
oh yeah sweet mango habanero sauce..
deeeericous
Love u moms!!
Thank u mother earth!!
We fighting for you!!
The childoctorn unite
RT : DC FEMS at the Wellness  Safety Fair at the Georgetown Safeway  1855 Wisconsin Ave.
NW
Big Boy Status!
missed you too
If the Supreme Court shoots down Obamacare, Obama will be heading for the emergency exit faster that a Jet Blue Pilot!
When the teenager goes to college tomorrow, we will have a big Pug Party....BOL
sorry I don't.
Sold them all back.
They are cheap on amazon and all on Netflix though.
Want to see how books contribute to the downfall of, well, me?
I was reading this morning so was rushing to get ready.
1/2
How to love the Chicago Cubs for Dummies!.
At Harry's in downtown St Augustine.
Tasty...
Anyone else see the poster at the game that said they doctorve from Minnesota for Beckham's jersey?
lol
Thanks Arthur ; RT : :  Great session, gents.
Seconded!
glad you came out!
Sweet Brother Malcolm
Is the metadata party extensible?
Like, to Houston?
:
Does anyone have a story about the companies National Debt Crisis or National Debt Report that they can share?
....the best reputation is to have none at all
Paris Hilton!
Good Morning Chicago!
TRY OUR SECRET WEAPON!
Ask about our atomic cake not listed on our site.
www.happycakewilltravel.com
100thingsilove More than I can list.
Great News!
DWC is now offering select workshops to qualify for 1 or 3 college credits!
For more info email us 
harrypotterlive I JUST CHEERED!
hope u rooted for KU
Wow, thanks for the heads up on that Brandon!
I will email you the PDF here shortly.
I apologize for the confusion!
we are here MF 7:00 am3:00 pm and Saturday 10:00 am  2:00 pm.
Hope to see you soon...
The pumpkin pie is awesome!
Good mornin' out there
Hey cool you're tweeting from your iPhone.
I should've got this a long time ago

bitches who?
go back on skype.
i can talk now
There are a few others.
You will find them among those I follow.
Someone else started a HoustonMetro  the media is joining
Can any one tell me why I should see Social Network....anyone?
Sorry doesn't mean nothing when you continue to do the same thing your saying for.
Can't wait to get home.
Your really pissing me off smh
How do you like our broom?
win!
mad grateful to be alive today.
RIP greg krasco not a day goes by i dont pray for u bud.
keep watching ova me kid, i no up thea smiling down
: Yay for spending the holidays in snowy Maine!!
Ash!
stop in portland and doctorp off jp as an early xmas prez?
jealous lol
good morning!
You guys are gay!
embraces pubic hair RT : Fellas chest hair is not sexy!!!
Get that shyt taken care of!
Thanks Ron!..God bless you!
Just went HAM and crushed the fam in Harry Potter Scene It
Time will tell if this the first salvo in a larger hairstylist revolt or, simply, an isolated incident.
heard it was great!
Can't wait to see
thanks maybe in competition with my site EBIDJOB
Nowak says an offer was received from another unidentified team.
So glad you all have weathered the weather.
Scary.
RT : New Dodgers chair Mark Walter: this is really not about us.
This is about the Dodgers.
No day but today.
Well, Silent House is pretty much a pile of shit.
I'm sorry I'm on everyone's shit list because I took sloppy notes for KLDP.
I love working but nobody wants me to.
glad to help.
we love your artwork...
or do you live here and I missed it?
Um that bio?
Lmao very creative!
you should write a letter!
; i love that you're on twitter.
With what i know now...i'm never going back
It's a Twin Peaks kinda day...
Yes, I AM fun!
And unstoppable.
I'm trying to open your blog but it won't load.
If you're updating, hurry!
you're wasting my precious spare midnight time ;
is anyone really surprised that Jones  Snyder are the 2 owners who messed up that big w/ spending?
i almost retweeted with an I'm gonna do some muting for a little bit.
my favorite morning show personality is on Lets Stay Together...good job Rickdog
Nothing Just Layying Downn wit myy Pillow Pet!
: I Love Aaron
2ThingsIAppreciate 1.
Ur mom, and 2.Ur dad for making u and for making u so beautiful!
eaiting toaster strudels with the icing :
if there is no deadline, there is no project.
right on!
CAD2012 Childoctorn's Council will be cochaired by Governor and mister.
Haslam
Just saw Chagrin Falls Hardware on the ABC nat'l news.
So great to see how the community pulled together to save this NEO business.
Lets do this right :
It will be interesting to see where players end up after the firesale.
Borja Valero and Bruno are very interesting players.
No I hold onto brees who's having a historic year at QB
Oop...there's the rawmilk bit
today class is optional...
in my mind anyway
Chips  hummus is fried chicken bitch.
Thanks for the mention AlexanderInt Hope Highbrow
Sinning at sunrise is the best time!
No one expects it.
; XOXO
Watching a movie with my bebeh.
3.
Then I'm gonna take a shower and head to bed.
I lovee you Brian!!
:
You are so demanding!
;
Check out these bands!
now im tired talk to you later
iam good same stuff doing the makeup thing working alot same old same old what about you?
actually, sex is the key, which is a message you guys should like.
It all has to do with Peter  Olivia doing the nasty.
hey would u want to tlk to me I don't really tlk to anyone on here I just want to make new friends tht r beliebers like me
CommunicatingStylesSurvey  A unique, diagnostic instrument which is easy to take and easy to score
You must begin to think of yourself as becoming the person you want to be.
Didn't do my Spanish
At the Lobster Festival with listening to these old women talk about their love for big balls.
shit old people talk about
My superviser said you don't make groceries, you go grocery shopping I said I beg to differ, some of us make groceries
Man sues BMW, alleging motorcycle seat gave him a two year erection.
That must be one good looking motorcycle seat.
The off the charts Cedar coupled with mild mold are killing me!
Anyone have and tried and true natural relief remedies?
it's a bit stuffy in here, any chance we can get the AC up?
Sure, he's your boyfriend, but he's happier with me then he Is with you!
And you still ask why?!
HA !
;D
amen, brother!
ryno is a winner!
paid his dues and deserves a chance!
not a phone call!
whew!
almost time to started editing the spaces back out of the words ;D
and are the coolest and funniest girls on earth, go follow them
THE CHALLENGE  60 min to eat 72oz USDA Choice Top Sirloin Steak, Baked Potato, Shrimp Cocktail, Side Salad.
Direct Message me to signup!
The game in Sleeter was fun:
First time mister.
Chazin is picking me up at school since Freshman year
RT : What building is this in?......This is one of two new floors being built on top of Prior Health Sciences Library.
just trying to keep up with you since you have following you.
Chicken and waffles is a southern staple  that you are ruining with Nuggets and Eggos.
:
it's so sad when one's tivo cue lasts longer than a marriage.
can u please follow me back
Hahahahaha RT : The fact that my whole family knew what was going on and i was sleeping...
6th period empty !
come visit me I work 12 to 4
when does SYTYCD start?
RT : We are thrilled to announce we hit our EarthMonth goal of raising 4 million 4 clean water projects!
Thanks for your hard work!
Man, Iowa and Nebraska on Thanksgiving Friday at midday again?
As though the tryptophan from turkey won't induce enough doctorwsiness...
Just get your ass back home
cant wait:
Tweeting in the shower.SMH
I know EXACTLY who your talking about
Thanks for following.
I am a former English Teacher.
Loved it 4 15 years.
Now working for , on teaching prof
14 likes till we release a song :
: a little concerned that I had a piece published 3 hrs ago and nobody's written anonymously to tell me I'm an idiot/not funny
yes you can!
My sister got you down she wants to know what is your name hair and eye color!
Wish I was at SAN with you David.
How did my empathy session go
Scratch that: Nothing worse than getting ready to play a game and your console dies :/ :
FML!!!
They just ripped my poster!!
Sometimes it look like i jus stepped outta 300 the Movie
Good man!!!
omg nd my mom told me that my tits were too big for her liking.
and that it looks like a igot a bood jawb.
like omFG y r u lookin
Back from PR screening of Mirror Mirror.
Tarsem Singh is AMAZING at visuals, each frame is a like a painting.
The Fall is still my fave!
I think it's on D12 i don't remember but I'll look.
Where do you go to satisfy your milkshakemadness cravings?
Who has the best malt or shake action in town?
If that Cooper shot had gone in I might have cleared a whole 2 inches off the ground jumping in joy
Towns in Ore., Scotland hope partnership excite tourists into going somewhere Boring and Dull
lmao u should see her with chips n dips n that state
We love that wine and it is our new favorite....Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday......
Congrats to the players and coaches of NIU!
Amazing comeback
We will be!
Happy Love Day to YOU too!
Thanks for all you do to support Glade!
Pretty much equal offers.
cash needs one!
: Remember, your first chance to get your hands on the new Seahawks jersey is 4/26
no I won't be in town till feb.
But I may work out a little road trip to visit you.
Cleaning up New York: Check our web page for more Baldinger
...I'd make Wash a bird!
Since they are technically dinosaurs and also he's the pilot.
what is up with this whole selena crying story??
can someone please tell me
Yes, that was great fun!
See you soon.
Click here for hot insurance open enrollment action!
It only makes sense if he thinks UW will stay in the tourney as the 3rd Pac12 team.
Otherwise, remove them.
Blessed are they who see beautiful things in humble places where other people see nothing.
Camille Pissarro
Bashful, LITTLE WOMEN: It would not have seemed...a more impossible task for bashful Beth
idEK.
iM scaRED.
was so good to spend time with you!
safe travels!
one last high five for the road!
;
I work with some funny ppl!
But, they make my 95 life entertaining!
Brewers at MillerPark vs Astros on Friday, April 22nd at 7:10 p.m.
Let us take you out to the ball game!
Reserve now...call 6087642917
it's very..
blue outside.
You're a bullshit friend
Dear smokers in ROC, Hikari Mart in the SouthWedge now has a loose tobacco station and a machine that rolls cheap cigarettes.
it's my birthday!: it'd be amazing to get a tweet from you!
Crazy day at work ahead.
Off premise at Monticello.
God I hate leaving property, can't get shit done.
Sonny's Car Wash equipment is about to take Wisconsin by storm.
The highest quality equipment in the world is available with CWGuys!
Our show launch is interfering with my Words With Friends games
Eastboundanddown SO GLAD April is back!!!
always a good year to be in IT :
I wish I could be outside doing work!
Listening to Valentine's Girl
Copped the last pass for advanced movie screening tomorrow, score!
Caps Backstrom said he is leaving today for the world championships
this summer i fell down a small waterfall and landed in a baby leech nest.
you're glad you werent there.
Mitt is killing me right now...your papa had money...you never had to struggle to make ends meet.
BU Terr12rs MT : Red Sox fans attending today's game should try to be in their seats by 3:30 for Tim Wakefield ceremony.
Bitch please.
Double album release tonight at doctor River Collective, 8 pm!
a person
Who isn't doing something on Mother's Day and would like to go downtown with me?
yeah.
I hate it too.
But I didnt expect the tide to get up for that one.
What should I expect from a beta test of my learning game?
Any advice?
I'm still at the office :
Staying at the Park Plaza, graduating in the morning...where the hell did my life go?
MN Gophers.
Final 4!!
NIT.
Never mind.
Can you ever have too many books?!!
Just found another book series I want the read.
The 1st book is City of Bones there 5 books so far.
Hard to leave Mantle off there too  and how about Yogi and Ford?
Tough to pick only 4
God will never send anything your way you couldnt handle
ayy i hope you're ok .
anyways going to bed in a decent mood!!
Goodnitee tweeters 
My brother started a new job in new york city this week.
He's 23 and has a view of midtown from his office on the 15th floor.
Can't wait to cover it for y'all!
: see everyone there.
Keep holding the fort down!
: I think you are amazing
What will make you great today.
Not tomorrow or 5 years from now....today.
That's how you need to live today.
Now go out and go for it!!
I thought that i had followed you when you created the account, but something changed.
Anyways, it seems to have worked now!!
yes, is a pretty amazing guy!
So glad to see him succeeding as a writer and motivator
I already have!
I love hearing your voice.
gotta follow :0
For you or for the kids?
So these bitches r complaining bout a dirty crib, yet they throwing feathers everywhere n havin a pillow fight?!?
If you haven't already listened to our demo of Stuck on our Facebook page go listen now and leave some feedback!
ur a damn lie.
whoa whoa...
Pick up packets for the Run Like Hell 5k at Phidippides Ansley Mall thru Wed 10/19.
Check our website for hours
Congrats to , Wesleyan Lady Wolves and St Francis Lady Knights for their respective 1st Rd State Tourney wins last night.
Just went to coney island and to the beach
Mothers!
Trayvons screams echoed in all your entrails.
Er, I meant it looked MORE impressive in person.
A big tree came very close to falling on my church.
The axe man cometh
I'm jealous...
went there in February  absolutely loved it!
Have fun!
Good night everyone :P
Loved the Greek Yogurt Commw/Stamos and Madonna as gr8t!
And how many times does Newt mention Reagan in his victory speech tonight?
Wow!
I'm impressed.
Thanks the bday wishes!
My age is beginning to match my IQ...
Happy Holidays!
Johnny's Hideaway Reason to doctornk today...it's Vitamin C Day!
You know what that means peopleScrewdoctorvers!!!
Hayy can't wait for the season premiere of glee on tuesdayy!!!
Omg it's gonna be so awesome!!!
Traveling with the hubster , a sleeping baby, totalpillow and my crocs while listening to StraightNoChaser songs on
RT : Travelers should expect an increased security presence on planes  Metro trains 1 year after bin Laden's death....
RT : Nugs coach George Karl on rebuilding: How we rebuild our team and construct it, there are going to be some tough moments.
I was supposted to go in june, pero I was like no cuz I wanna go to the 1girl tour, btw wats yha bbm?
The !st annual CARE council benefit looks like a great time.
Thanks for organizing.
We will be sure to spread the word!
2 Coronas and 5.99 Classic Burger Meal Deal  The Goat!
Mention this TWEET and get a free dessert!!!
Movies thIs early in the morning
thissummer I got so much ass!
:
Everything is going according to plan!
When the girl your crushing on has a boyfriend or doesn't like you the same 
got married?
We didn't even know there was a registry for gifts!
...well, candlesticks make for a nice present...
don't forget to TAG your friends, TAGGING is FREE : and you friends would love you, if you tag them and they win...
Wow, that's crazy...
Nothing lasts forever.
Our adult improv class is THIS Sunday, Feb 26th, 10a4p.
Come get in on the fun and learn some new tricks, so you are always on your toes!
love that Laker fan still think Chris Paul has a chance to go to LA
Ok I'm just going to have to deal with going to school...
exactly a waste
Isnt that so sweet.
oh ok lol
Hey CueFans!
We're excited for Sharkweek at CueReal!
RT this if you are too!
Messing around with java jts package in jython.
Thanks for the follow !
I hope you'll visit my house sometime soon!
on to a museum marathon tomorrow....
The biggest enemy youll ever face or deal with in life is ...
yourself
Polar Bear 5k Strut this morning for Special Olympics with the fellas.
It's my 30th birthday today.
Conventional wisdom suggests this means I am old, while my 20inch pythons suggest you don't call me that.
So excited finally has an app!!!
Watching scary movie 2 love this movie!!!
it never gets old.
Indeed sir!
The easiest way to get someone to smile is to smile.
A.D.
Williams
love these shots.
you just have the eye my friend.
Need to see my bay because i kno he got me a big sloppy kiss....Mekhi gives me al the love....
lucky me
I Really Need To Relax!
hope you got the pics!
:
HAPPPPPYYY BIIIRTHHHDAYYYYY IN THE EAST COAST!
I want to find the fantasyfootball team that doctorfted: Chris Johnson, Philip Rivers, Peyton Hillis, and Reggie Wayne.
Motos soup  amazing!
i was watching movies last night and couldnt talk on the phone, so I DIDNT ANSWER IT :
Thank God....
It's harder to game social signals than links says
Strands are for keratin tips or Brazilian knot extensions.Tracks are machine weft extensions put in hair to put in extensions
Open up a fortune cookie to find Now is the time to go ahead and pursue that love interest!
wats good people's.
Wats yalls email.
I got a track from cboogs I want y'all on.
Let me know if y'all cant rock wit it
follow me back?
:
Be still and know I am
Still recovering from taping 21 episodes of Bobby Jones Gospel.
sleepy
We have coming out with The Grackles on Sat 5/19.
Can't wait!
The beginning of the year is a great time for renewal of energy  taking on the things weve always wanted to tackle!
Wishing you success!
I just had to go to LinkedIn and give Melinda a thumbs up recommendation!
We had a great first meeting  can't wait till Friday's show!
doesn't like avocados?
doesn't compute.
; j/k my kids just started liking avos b/c of muffintinmeals.
:
FusionLive The High Guyz are in the building!
!
that would be awesome!
and are you guys planning on touring?
Hubby works at a school where one of the girl's name is La  A ...
can you guess how it's pronounced?
I'm am so blessed ..
thank you Jesus!!!
Nashville based, Roggg Woodoctorff, shooting in Huntsville Alabama
not coming??
Bo!!!
i just wanna scream HELLO!
Pearl Jam
dead RT I've got some E, some Darude and a strobe light, wanna fuck?
Every stock broker I ever met in the 90's.
Congrats.
Nice race under those conditions.
That would be a hottie overload.
Welcome back, students  today is the first day of classes in 2012.
Careful man, thats almost humble brag material!
Haha...
Just saw it..call in a few
thank you!!
Fcking Hate My Life Seriously .
I'm watching...
we have found an apartment, we go to look at it on Monday of next week and than hopefully put our deposit down on the 25th yaayyyy :
RT : God Morning everyone, now is my turn to get a retweet for my birthday!
Wohooo!!
Awesome!!!!
Yeah; earlier today...
Instead of Gatsby, would like Baz Luhrman to remake Grease, cuz you know that remake is coming soon.
If you do not wish to be prone to anger, do not feed the habit; give it nothing which may tend to its increase.
Live in NYC but I went to high school in Bonners Ferry : Spokane was like Mecca.
Key Elements to Think About upon Buying Bucket Truck Sales
81,000 followers by tomorrow night?
With RObotz anything is possible!
Night!
:  Yeah, some people have no business having kids.
Fox News: ICE director admits to stealing 550k.
Does a government reflect it's leaders ethics?
,
Vegas in Chicago weekend!!!
hahahaha
Yay!
// RT : I plugged THATCampLAC to my students today.
always on they grind while u sleep we work while u work we work
that is bad news for Portland and great news for Olympia.
Good for you!
Yep  there are idiot fans and bandwagon people who hopped on in each fan base.
They cancel each other out.
Sitting here wondering if Muslims type OMA instead of OMG
: I'm so glad my mom isn't a regular mom; she's a cool mom.I'm totally with you on that!!
Mine is as well!
Thanks for the RT!!!
up little late this morning, no stress no problems.
had such a fun day with nd : U GUYS ARE THE BEST,, I LOVE U !!
3
Nice work Tough loss but a step in the right direction for soccer in the US.
You did our nation proud.
Thanks for the RT!
Awhh.
There's too much cute in that picture for me to handle.
Ahah;
when you cry yourself to sleep./3
No of course not why would you say that?
thanks for the mention in the newest issue of !!
Future collaboration for the creation of a donut ice cream sundae?!
Dekalb county messin wit me...
It's all good though
Wish I didn't have be at work.
Sounds interesting!
Today 12:30: Curatorial assistant on Andy Warhol's Marilyn Monroe's Lips.
I love Mary J Blige, but why would you pick one of her songs for an idol performer?..Jimmy is trying to sabotage Joshua...smh
Student stabbed near U of M campus on busy street last night.
Police call it random attack.
Damn...
Rookies are Pulling through
On that note, good night, good people!
im buying a used ps2 and getting both of the kingdom hearts new so i can finally finish them
I expect to see you at the glass, sir.
No not me...what part of town and whic device do you use?
RT : Anyone else having service issues with in ElPaso?
that's really beautiful!
thank you :D
That the Secretary of Education was with the President Friday and hadn't thought to say, Umm, before you make that proclamation, sir.
.
.
Everyone go follow he is new to twitter and a big uk fan
This entire weekend i did homework to get my grades up.
Got all my work done.
10 days of school left.
I woke up late last night and tried to write.
I thought using my iPad would be easier, but it just wasn't the same as scribbling on paper.
daily homeschool tip: summer's here; replace 'school' with 'pool'.
math/physics  flow of current;aquatic ecosystems; swim in spanish..;
aw.
Curie patootie!
yo bitch what up
so only one picture for all of them.?
okayy.
Never in a million years I would do my so call bestfriend like that
Early film submission deadline is June 15th.
is ure film almost ready for submission tp://www.gsiff.com/
Also a big FF to our great programs for transition, social skills  Friendships:
Didn't you interview them once for us?
Have fun lol RT : Party at the Lowery house!!!!!!!
what happened??
20:19 Second verse for Baby Don't Go is almost done.
My bad if I'm more versatile than you.
I have more around my music beside a club.
Be sure to like us on facebook and follow our tweets for specials and a complementary treatment on your bday.
;Can you Follow Me Back : ?
Pleasee :
I knew it
10FavouriteNickiMinajSongs: Whip It
BOOM BABY!
DANK MONDAY IS HERE TO SERVE UP SOME KICKIN SUBS TO ALL OF YOU AWESOME STUDENTS OUT THERE.
50 OFF.
too funny!!
The rappers are worshipping the devil by saying that
Keep pouring it on nuggets FTM!!!
me neither
A friend is one who knows us, but loves us anyway.
Fr.
Jerome Cummings.
Google39;s Penguin Penalty for Innkeepers and Hoteliers
Headed to for our new member steering meeting.
Should be fun!
incaseyoudidntknow is my girl
Depression stems from the past.
Anxiety is triggered by a fear of the future.
Be in the now.
: If the feelings aren't there, you shouldn't be either.
JDA Software doctorves Significant EMEA Momentum with Strong Customer Wins and New Russian Office
Then why don't you marry him?
RT I love you
MUST YOU BEE SO HOT?
333
SOON I WILL FINISH GRADING WEEK 4 DISCUSSIONS
Romney needs to get back into the spotlight but not with gaffs
LET'S WORK !
Let's film !
you do live in a good area.
I totally AM!
LOL!
Nuggets lost :o , oh well the spurs are still gonna take it.
Goodnight
Calories don't count on Super Bowl Sunday, right?
I believe in looking reality straight in the eye and denying it.
Garrison Keillor
Pirates are coming back!
Have a Namas day:
Rocking the shirt at work today.
Thanks !!
will be tomorrow also from 114.Best chicken and dumplins in the south.best desserts also
Today's Daily Deal  Bubbles Hand Wash Ultimate Protection Package for only 17.95 normally 35.95 www.mydailydeals.com
TYVM for the restaurant week retweet!
Espresso at 8:30  bad idea  but my work will get done
online Instant Online Paycheck
Happy Holidays from Carlos A.
Moreno Photography, may they be merry.
ExteriorPainting involves a clean, doctor surface and covering plants to protect them from paint doctorppings.
I moved from CA...
doctorknowledge  openness is most important...Neurofeedback w/ intuitive expert is key...
Talk?
Ah, finally!
This will be the best news of the day.
FRIDAY FRIDAY GOTTA GET DOWN TODAY
Pregnant/breastfeeding women should eat fish, but avoid the fish with high levels of mercury: Tilefish, Shark, Swordfish and King Mackerel
haha good!
I'm gonna need it!
Oh hahaha Im very confusing.
ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless moments of pure joy and laughter
Did you download it?
It's Ahmazin!
Our 4,000th follower!
Brittany LoCoco , a dietetics student.
Give her a follow!
Tanner has kept me up all night 
Finally out of school!:
you're following ne now i had my account protected
it's definitely something I've been thinking about.
I'm going to look into it more after I release Flint 1.2.
Mix Master Mike coming up  feeling lucky about the giveaway
I'm so sorry.
Beautiful and moving tribute by you.
Your dad done good.
Take care.
Best to all.
The fortune is in the follow up.
Jody Johnson
GET PERSONAL!
Personal Training SALE Nov.1530 at all 7 YMCA of Austin locations.
Buy 2 sessions, Get 1 FREE.
Great holiday gift!...
I'm so pumped for today's game :D
hahahaha I like that word ..
Nilla .
Its like nilla wafers .
Cept not , :
IGot5OnIt RT : Who dares me to respond Trophy Wife when asked my occupation in the court room?
????
so true!
YoMommaSoFat when she masterbates it looks like a 3 some
FF to my other lovely JoelLander !
She's great!
;
So why did you text me if you can't even hold a conversation with me?
AUSTIN AUSTIN!
Heey today's my buuurrthday, and all I want is for you is to just RT me.
Please.
Nothing more or nothing less
just saw a car with a hebron cheer sticker on it for annabelle, it's taunting us
I hate auto boxes that force you to type in a bunch of unreadable, jumbled letters.I'm not the Terminator trying to infiltrate my own email.
SD Beer Week  Take in local craft brews with an outstanding view.
and Mille Fleurs is
hahaha for real tho I'm Bout to Sting out on it what game should I have my momma buy for it?!
So sick..
Bad cold sinus...
Asthma..
Ugh..
Breathing over hot water.
Hope this clears up soon
she said the same more eloquently than I did whilst working on Safe House and Act Nat.
Damn writers being writerly.
Thanks so much!
RT Local parents: FF to and their great app for NYC parents.
No doctor other than Family doctor and ER doctor should be doing Urgent Care.
Supervised PAs/NPs trained for Urgent Care too.
Aww i missed you guys.!;D 33
well!
Having a laugh wiv my bruv..
Wat r u wearing for p.e tomoz?
:
Unruly Music festival countdown 1: largest ensemble to date  brings 13 instrumentalists, solo soprano, and conductor March 10!
In texas!!!
dallas texas
Lost 2 credit slips, paid for food I didn't even eat,  broke a nail.
Thank God that shift is over.
Peace comes from within.
Do not seek it without.
Buddha
YES..ThurmanPie....
Hey Packers fans!!
Where's your Buccaneers?
: Roxy Music Clash Smiths Prince XTC NXS Joy Division I always knew you were cool.
This proves it.
Hey Brian, keep up the good work.
Love the tweets  the personal account.
Awesome way to hold yourself accountable!
Be well.
ok nevmind :p
Bummer, I can't do either.
Could we give them to another Chamber fan on Twitter?
ahem.
Anytime you'd care to hook a brother up.
Intrigued by the sound of this dude.
Thank you so much!!
:D We appreciate the support :D
The secret of dealing successfully with a child is not to be its parent.
Anyone know of a good eBook cover generator?
I am making a series of eBooks to help people with credit card interest, credit and debt tips.
You are most welcome, and thanks for saying hello!
Great shoot with Sean today....he got the unlimited looks package....smart guy!
;
Dude Christmas Vacation is the best xmas movie ever.
Do we wear a dicky with sweater and go to Wonderful Life party?
I think not.
hahahaha I need a break.
I took today off so I literally watched every second from this morning until now.
Thank you blushing
does this work for adults?
however, if I had to spoon with one guy, it'd probably be
PUT AND ON THE SCREAMTOUR
just don't inhale while biting
Springfest 2009 is right now at Mem Gym!
Go!
Hey all, new show launching shortly.
Look for the first viral video coming out tonight!
ItsOkayToCheatif you are an MBA from Harvard, Stanford, Penn, Yale, Virginia, Duke, UIC, Dartmouth, NYU, MIT, or Berkeley
Nice sticks!!
We would love to work together with you sometime!
Whom should we email or call about that??
You rule!
some swifties really over use fearless and speak now like shut up
They have a pink iPhone charger?
House hasn't sold yet, but there is interest brewing.
Would love to chat, but not this weekend.
My brother and his family coming :
We are so confused by the new convertible seat, were going to get it inspected!
ringringring!!!
Hi Mailee!!!
How's it goin?!
Thanks for following!!
Happy Friday!
love,
right cause i have no idea how its ginba go down
Tall Boy Tuesday.
Just 2 bucks for one of them buggers.
hate wen people txt back slow
that's because you have a flip phone
this is my time, this is my time to shine let nothing stand in our way.
Thanks for the referral!
:
Agreed RT : Not sure if the 2nd time is working for those w/a team
Awesome Ladies Night in Wheaton!!
I am exhausted, sweet Scentsy doctorams to you all!
Merry Xmas to you all!
Have an issue?
Either man up and do something about it, or get over it.
I'm waiting.
Last Tweet of the Night  Those who don't truly understand something organically tend to retreat within rules and dogma.
RT : Be authentic.
Better to have people hate the real you than love the person who isn't you at all.
then you can make enough  for both of us
OpconA saves lives.
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT!!!
The Ex: or, the Cist
I LOVE that you wrote this!
But if you were female, very unprofessorssional, says professorssor Mommy
I like to think of myself as the 34th best or something like that
Bella, you love it....
LET ME SING IT AGAIN
you lost cake ass weaver
do u think best is out for season or do u think he will return week 10?
And should I doctorp him and pickup a replacement?
Merry Christmas, Baltimore!
People will copy you, steal from you, and attempt to hurt you.
In the end, they will always FAIL.
God doesn't like ugly.
RT If we assume this life is all there is we're likely to waste it.
If we know we'll be accountable 1day we'll wisely invest it.
will be interviewing HallieDay tonight on 's News at 10!
Hallie is a Top 24 finalist on AmericanIdol this year
guess what?
You should run the hobble creek half marathon this August...with me!
that was said beautifully!!
If your not following me
congrats on making the Dean's List!
thanks man.
Appreciate you.
I can't spell today apparently: How is Chicago still your number one team?
Heat beat them and Phili, Bulls lost to Phili.
Is it wrong if I say YAY?
:D I'm so glad you enjoyed it and it totally made me cry when writing it too.
that happened to me twice while living downtown.
They were either doctornk or had no insurance
TOUCHDOWN Ravens!
1716 lead we got this!
WeCantBeTogetherIf you don't treat me like I for you.
Anyone want to get top Mac apps for FREE?
!
I will unfollow cus how about this no one cares about ur opinion!
So bye bitch
cena your going to win this sunday go at him like an animel beat him so bad he would wont too give you the wwe champenship
This awesome!
Plays right into what I want to research for my thesis.
Man I've had lazy days in the past, but this is the laziest one in a while, feels good especially since the weather is so crappy....
Broke out the Christina agulaira and had Ezele's and became obese.
you tweeted!!!
You right!!!
LAME but he got his moments he not lol
interesting...
no purchased links, but was linked from pr4 blog homepage for a week in nov...
ah the goog bots, whatcha gonna do?
For sure Jodie!!
lol, cool what ??
Wow.
I've seen a share of dirty filters, but nothing close to that.
All I ever had in this world was my balls in my words I don't break em for no one
so happy now that my wifi finally works
That is why I love you!
We'll be reading The GoodFoodoctorvolution by CEO of Will Allen  changing the way our nation eats!
Going My Way  Business of Love  I just want to be as cool as these two guys.
And I know I will never be.
PhxChi Blackhawks and Bulls vs.
Heat, both  7pm.
Multiple TVs  3 Miller/Coors Light bottles  PARADISE!
Hello EG All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
omg she totally deserves 2 meet him shes battling brain cancer and her one wish was 2 meet Justin so cute!!!
3
TheVoice SCREWED UP ROYALLY by not picking !!!
Wtf!
Spread the word,
ah lol well mobile phones will replace computers one day so i guess it was bound to happen
I'm going to film this weekend some time.
What kind of video do you guys wanna see?
Music video?
Sketch?
Improv?
Abstract?
haha that makes me.happy.
I bet you send that picture to all the girls
The worst bullying takes place takes place behind closed doors and not on a playground.
yes the table is yours in exchange for the cloth!
At Panda Express with Justin  Edwin.
Thank you so much.:
you haven't been to Vegas?!?!?!
SO to for getting named for 2nd yr in a row Defense Player of the Year  1st Team WCHA and for being named to 3rd Team
rip leslie nielsen you will always be missed
Made an instagram follow me : dwitsss :
Kobe definitely made up for his horrible game from yesterday
Up gotta go get the car detailed and shit
Thanks for the RTs!
God I wanna I fishing!
: if they need me to shavemyhead I'd TOTALLY do it...lol I know i'm
That awkward moment when youre in a meeting with someone and realize the last time you saw them was when you made out on the dance floor.
Blue grass music festivals haha
Siriusgenealogy.com, new site for genealogists, riddled with spelling and grammar errors.
Makes me question their attention to detail.
Very dissapointing loss.
I need to see the video of Hall's screw up.
Twice today someone asked me if becoming a dad was in my plans.
I was honest both times, but seriously...
stop asking.
25 hours and still no power.
Could be 1014 days.
Not a happy girl.
50 degree temperatures in January?!?
Can't complain!
we don't doctornk much here but when we do...
oh lord.
Mucca Pazza last night was freaking awesome!
blogging soon I think.
yep, I love it : but they say it weird cause I'm the only girl that I have ever work in there arena :p as a field coach
Thanks for the support!
I just wanted to let you know that everyday whenever im feeling down I think of you and my mood changes To happy.
I love you :
Thx  Glad you all liked the changes.
Never again in my mother fucking life am I doing this again...
I should have stayed home in my fucking bed....
This is really bullshit
Happy mothers day to all you moms out there!!!
Great freezing rain just what i wanted:/
I hate a thristy ass nigga!!!
No problem!
Game time!
where you at hawk?
Let me actually get ya something tonight sir!
My mind is n pieces.....
wait...
where is this mysterious pay check?
can I cash it in for real usa money?
Thanks!
Memphis is my hometown, and will always be a church home.
I've been in SATX for 2 yrs working at SeaWorld.
that's what I did and where my avatar comes from.
covered in sweat after workout.
lol.
now I'm looking for the next challenge
There's def been some better days!
uh when did we stop?
I need it right now, where are you when I need you....
Never seem to be there when it matters most :
Please no more snow in Dallas!
Good Lawd you got body for days...
Your constantly on my mind, it needs to stop cause I know it won't lead to anything /3
Wow this Duke/Ohio State game is good
Thank you mama :
FlowDaily is official!!
Send in your pics!!
Hate when I mix people up...
I am pretty sure Hellen Keller would have done a better job playing Debra messings son on smash then this kid
You must be the change you want to see in the world Gahndi
it seems that the publishers pay for the archiving service.
No library contribution is a direct quote.
My over/under for The Avengers  130 million.
Are you going over or under?
Thank you!
We're glad to be a part in such a powerful movement!
I love you so so much 21
lmao I figured but idk you had a body...
lol
I guess I should try to squeeze in some semblance of a blog post, too.
This is me trying to sound busy, folks.
I was offline for 10 minutes and in those 10 minutes I DIDN'T WEAR A doctorSS.
horror!
Justin has grown up so much.
sob
Oh my god you are so gorgeous.
FML for real.
big hugs my friend...the first one is the hardest.
don't forget he had DMAC...
Take him away and half the receivers and it is more like 28
Oh man, sad stat of the day from FOX MLB, Josh Hamilton has 4 more homeruns than the entire team
Why is it so freaking cold in the school???
Don't think of it as lying.
Think of it as changing one's mind.
;
is lacing up her shoes AND her bells for another Jingle Bell Run 5k with Meyers!
Incredible!!!
doctor Barber speaking truth and doctorpping knowledge.
I would love to belong to his church
Get familiar wit the name
TODAY!
Linda Rosenstock, MD, MPH and Dean of to moderate panel on Women in Medicine research commons
crapnamesforpubs What about McCrackin's and instead of the golden arches, its the golden buttocks as a logo.
Shitty idea, I know :
yeah u knew im bored:o
Lol!
RT Dick Clark dying is just InAccodanceWithMayanProphecy since there won't be another New Years Rockin' Eve.
There's an 8 1/2 inch tall mirror with Brad Forever written by Franco in lipstick, a wallet size photo of a doctoramy young man.
Sarkozy defeated in France.
CarlaBruni, no longer First Lady, singer OR model, to take logical next step: memoir  line of handbags.
will be in the house tonight!
78:30.
Bring your questions for the expert herself.
yea ill b up ther b4 u n wen u goung to get da dirt cake fo me:

Enjoyed it all!
Just love the highrisk, dangerous maneuver of adding in the Star Wars music.
I love some of 's tweets.
In a nutshell, just be quiet of you can't be kind  or at least constructive.
buy them all at a wholesale price and sell them for 1 more each, I'm sure you'll make more than 10G's!
Life is a highway!
RT : Nestle CEO: The more local your supply chain, the more stable for your business I like this.
I'm sensing mixed emotions...WAIT, WHAT HAPPEND TO MAKE YOU GUYS FEEL VIOLATED?
People tell me I already think like a man.
I wander if this movie is gonna mess me up more.
Lol
thanks guys!
Happy that one of my favoritest people ever looked me up on Twitter!
:
i dont wear affliction, even with these big huge muscles
If Facebook's statistics are accurate, almost 6 of the world's population is actively using the site.
Gamecocks up 10 over Citadel after 1st.
Jordan Montgomery pitching for Carolina.
I miss you pooh bear 
holy crape how do you do it
It's a beautiful day for DigIN11.
Join me for great Indiana food and doctornk...and be sure to stop by the Speakers Series tent!
When life hands you lemons, stick em down your shirt and make your boobs look bigger.
no fair were was my invite 
cool , and the frightners :
46 degrees today...
are you kidding me!?
Listening too: 'Assimilations' it makes the day better  is one of my favorite albums in the last 57 years.
'Dope girl' is my jam
That Fuck Yeah Moment when you win/complete a game..
HAVE A WONDERFUL 2011 YEAR.
WE ARE GOD'S CHILdoctorN.
IF WE JUDGE OTHERS, EXPECT TO BE JUDGED.
I SEND YOU LOVE, PEACE, JOY AND GRACE.
Dear President Dilma, please save the rainforest  protect our climate.
Veto the new Forest Code!
Mama, I get off at 12:30 from work.
How long you gonna stay at spin!!?!
I needs some jiggly in my life.
cool, thanks!
that one's extraordinHARRY ;
Will do!
Sounds like a great event!
YES!
Nyjah Huston is the new Xgames Gold Medalist
Thank you!
Anyone have extra St.
Vincent tickets for tonight?
Try Samuel Smith stout or winter welcome ale.
Unibroue's La fin du monde is pretty good too.
Pricey but worth it.
Something in the back of mind was telling me I should've taken the rest of that crawfish pie home with me...
At work bored as shit
If you think THIS tax debate is political, think Bush tax cuts.
They are set to expire in an election year.
Us too Olivia!!!
Hooray see you soon.
Looks like our site is all good to go!
Sorry, ladies.
I thought I saw that u were following me but I guess that's only in my doctorams
Nice work today Bucky Badger!!!
Congrats to the 2011 Future 50 winners!
We enjoyed celebrating your success!
Hartman is a proud fourtime sponsor of the event!
Lmao i would die before i listen to something that involves Zelda !
Had a lot of laughs at work today with Scott and Isaiah, they are fun boys to work with.
Nice break dancin moves...
No Shame Theatre is up for Saturday night.
Rehearsals start on Monday for Paradise Lost.
Busy busy.
Making art.
It Would Be A 143 Perfect Night If Tweeted Me Back:'
And he's a Capricorn like me !
awesome work!
i was gon watch that the other day but i changed my mind...but since its recommended by you i might try it...
Yes, the photo is of Kwanza w the winners!
supply  Demand my nigga.
Monica was just inducted into the International Thespian Society.
Yep, she really is my doctorma Queen!
:
GoTribe Happy Easter
doesn't get off until 6pm, so I kinda started a fail idea on that one
More physical lib.
than MacDonald's in US, reuse of phone booths for selfserviceable Bks w/ RFID
Your not alone : RT: Ive never been to chipotle
One word frees us Of all the weight and pain in life, that word is Love.
And physics  math.
Just a couple more hours until we rock We play the FPL stage at 6pm!
Simplified Sunfest Reggae, Funk, Roots Rock  Roll!
Sorry about the bad news, RT Thou shall never doctornk Mike's Hard Lemonade
and the blackrimmed glasses?!
Wtf?!
Looking like some nerds!
Lol
Agreed, the roster math makes no sense otherwise.
Ok, Monday.
It's go time.
Playing truth or dare right now.
I had moon jersey from my hotel room.
Wish you had stuck to your plan last year of exercise  eating right?
Don't think back, just forge ahead now.
Your body'll be happy alright.
can i pet charlie when i see u at warped tour in denver?
:3 i love pitbull's
A surprise from AND ????
I THINK YES3
that sucks:/
Gentleness doesn't get work done unless you happen to be a hen laying eggs.
Coco Chanel
Your Going Crazy.
;
i dont like this amanada, i dont like this at al
HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO EVERYONE
And more windows in Van Ness apt.
I don't know what to do.
Location or space?
You bet!
Thanks for sharing!
SPEAK DIRTY TO ME, GAMEDAY!
thanks for the RT
i can't wait to skype tonight!
you better now be awkward again!
If you haven't already got one, I can get my hands on a Barbie for you.
Good Morning Twitter....
What Magazine Covers Really Say About the Stock Market  The Market Oracle
ATTENTION EVERYONE.
CHECKOUT MY NEW REALITY SHOW PAGE ON FACEBOOK.
CAN YOU SPEND IT?
JUST FINISHED SHOOTING PILOT.
PLEASE HIT LIKE
Thanks.
Me too.
no no no, I don't want to talk about taylor hansen
you didn't look for me in the stands like you said you were going to.
: i was front row outfield.
by you.
I love having my kids home weekends.
They give me all kinds of standup ideas.
They're terrified of spiders.
What kid isn't?
Perfect!
And it is ontothenextone for the
Do you have a responsive website for your social media strategy?
I like your style, gentlemen!
Keep me updated on future developments!
you're too young to be such a prude :9
Same here!
Woke up too early.
Naptime it is.
: This girl is sleepy!!
Taking a nap!
saturdaypleasures 
I know what I'm bout to do isn't a good thing.
tell your mom ill go shopping with her next time she goes.
Sounds like it's right up my alley!
I'll be sure to get a copy!
I have the worst springfever ever.
I want to play hooky.
Who wants to head to the beach with me?
Teaching students how to research allows for better learning, better understanding, and wellrounded projects.
Hey !
Are you listening?
RT : ...Apple needs to add trackpad support to iOS to keep pace with the Atrix and other.
YES!
YES!
I am truly saddened at your unfollow.
Are you the alter ego of Rich Fitzgerald?
Back to bed.
I would if I could.
lol.
On top of Old Smokey...
What song can't you get out of your head right now?
I am extemely hungry, so I am going to get me some healthy food.
Only have 15 mins to eat though
my mother is in the hospital :'
I'll cut ur weiner off !
Start bck playin.: just cut me with her sharp ass toenail
Well, guess it's good to let that be know.
In case other's questioned.
and more helicopters.
Not too productive today.
Videodoctorme is the smartest movie ever made about Facebook
totally agree.
Nothing is worse than people who hate.
Maybe they are just insecure or jealous ;
I wanna see you sweetpeas tomorrow.
Please tell me what time you play?
It can't really be at 8:00, right?
Thanks to all supporters!
Day 3 of the wailing, we are wrapped!
prob.
too much violence.
.
can't handle me because I'm too into my twitter and my phone being out of its case.
I just want to be on top of the
If the NWAACC is going to use Pointstreak, then all schools need to understand how to use it and post scores/results in a timely manner.
super pumped for tonight's dome, but more excited for the final!
You and CT have been my team from the beginning!
Good luck!
Nice!
I wasn't sure if anyone would know what I was talking about, or just think I'd been having too much rye.
Stop whining and enjoy Paul McCartny.
You might learn something about music.
Nut up or Shut Up!!:
sorry just had those open on different tabs!
had to put them up
When I tour, it's like, well, like a food tour as much as a comedy tour
I work for Disney
You Legacywhat you leave behind is not what is engraved in stoned monuments, but what is woven into the lives of others!
That awkward moment when your school is under a bomb threat and you're more worried about your phone and makeup exploding than yourself.....
Our hen egg , parmesan, wild oregano and olive oil pizza is the perfect way to kick off the weekend!
Happy Hour is 1011PM tonight!
Having such a great time working w on the forthcoming IntheArtoftheCity event.
Celebrating the culture of Los Angeles!
finally confirmed for my double major
I followed:
You cute, you cute ;
Its bcuz niggas is on the DL smh.
Its a lot of soft dudes now
lol these freaks on my TL
Just as soon as I finish Imagine.
Too.
Many.
Good.
Books.
:
can you pls send your dm again?.accidentally hit delete :
Feeling kinda adventurous.
This may be the beginning of a period of rule breaking.
I would love to go paperless but it keeps crashing whenever I try to scan a multipage document.
Sent a help request 2/17
Incredible talk w/ team of Mathias Klum  Johan Rockstrom.
Science advances so fast.
Knowledge is key to change
Any interest in attending a LunchLearn about socialmedia in education on 12/14 at Minnetonka HS?
Yamasaki, thanks for following!
whatever P !
i aint FAKE!
Have to be different, in my nature!
Doing well.
Needed your camera last night for pic of moon.
Mine stinks!
Have fun at CP.
Thinking about the lunchtime canoeing tour as a surprise for some worthy downtown fellows.
Have you actually tried it?
y'all better werrrkkk and win that home game on Monday  I'm rooting for you guys woot woo!!!
just called 5 fsbo's for viewings and not one will show their home...no wonder the homes don't sell!
Damn my arm is sore.
Last day of Miami boat show, tomorrow it's Nace party then the Sobe food and wine
Will you be giving an artist's talk or anything similar?
Was singing your praises to my LA friend
Her Dude A Lame As Nigga Ha Time Ta Switch Up NOBandsHA!!!
Interesting, we teach digital filmmaking, here in San Jose.
Everything from DSLR, RED shooting to post production.
OH RT this Then Check Your Mentions 
I am so tired, I am so tired of this place I need to get the foo foo out desperately.
Thanks for your commitment to vote no on this crazy bill.
The sponsor has been rude to all who reached out to him to oppose.
Hey Erin, hope you had fun!
horrible headache.
I hate when a guy just randomly sends me pictures of his dick..
The only people that tear happy people down are those that are unhappy.
Haley James Scot
i like waking up to your tweets!:
I am so very blessed and thankful for the life I have been given
we gotta link up tomarrow yo.
I just put 8/16/12 as the date on my homework
thanks!
Glad you liked our project!
yeah if you're TALL ENOUGH
our own about to pitch about fundcrowd at
HELL YEAH!!
ELLIIIIOOOOTTTTTT
every new hire gets a visit and I eat the albacore stack and end the lunch by saying stay classy San Diego
you win!
I will follow you now...
Dm me your size and addoctorss!
I need to stop reading in bed.
Jamey Aebersold Workshop start in 20 minutes at The Jazz Kitchen  grab your axe.
we'll be jamming til 1:30
Just ate 10 eggos by myself
jizz on both of you :
The only thing exciting about this day is the Heat game.
Getting a hair trim later to get rid of these incoming split ends 
RT POR too much from the outside...
doctor Miller and Bayless gotta get to that paint...
if you have to star out a swear, then just don't even write it.
I send you listing?
It has the most amazing carpet EVER.
I love my brottthhhhhaaaaa
Sorry to bring your hopes down but in this case it's wrong lol
I sucked at boxing tonite  no more bitchassness !
Exactly why I haven't tried yet.
I have a feeling it wouldn't go well!
Girl, i will help you get some Nicki Viva Glam, I'm living for that color!!
We are working on a Super new project for....stay tuned......
sorry to hear you can't make it to this year!
Save the date for next yr, 8.16.12!
Enjoy NYC!
all of them r my people.
u stick with victory, Phillip, Marco friend, the dude from SOK,  SoSo
Myth Cosmetic surgery is only for wealthy people.
Truth There are various avenues for financing, which makes it possible for anyone
All those fairy tales are full of shit One more fuking love song, I'll be sick
hahaha before I lose me accent and forget about the lonestar state!!!
Agreed RT : RT : cost is the biggest hurdle to healthcare
I won't call you old, because thats rather rude, but just know I was born his senior year.
will you be makin the trip to RFK ?
Marching SB toward the immigration march to meet up.
No borders, no nations, stop deportation!
Go State and Shaun  Jennie Miller!!!
Our greatest fear should not be failure, but succeeding at things that don't matter.
Does Alex have one?
And ya'll can come over too to watch them.
no really a or b
RT : ladies im shooting with tomorrow!
Yall better get with the program!!!!
He is one of the best
you only wish.
Which indicates I'm not that big a fan.
LOL
I Need A Replacement
This kid pisses me off
Found: cell phone at a café.
Anyone with information about owner please call.
Whoever made finals start on a Saturday at 8am should fall off a cliff
It's pouring and I have to wait for the bus to take me home today.
I guess it's time to buy new business casual shoes...
I would like to be doctornking a bottle of Franks Hot Sauce right now.
How is everyone today?
It's so hot outside!
:
So jealous
Speaking of which dataprivacyday soon, Jan 28th
I still have my harry potter 7 2/2 3d glasses....
actually i have 7 :
Risk authenticity.
Risk needing each other.
Risk friendship.
JR Kerr
Let me know what you think of google , thanx...
Happy Halloween to all of Pittsburgh!
Having our weekly staff meeting with our newest member, Jeff, who is an Anacostia resident.
Our family is growing!
:
atleast you're in the same dang country!
:P its more likely he'll come to somewhere near you than me!
:L
sometimes you gotta lose everything to get to where you need to be
RT Having waited so long for 72, 73 came quicker than I thought.
I feel ambushed but very happy.
Happy BDay, Coz!
Anyone have an online stream of KC vs RSL
Excuses are like buttholes.
Everyone has one, and they all stink.
Motivational speech by my boss this morning.
Way to get us pumped.
got the 08 cab as a gift
We've updated our infographic to fix some date descriptions.
Wanted to let you know so you could update your post, cheers!
Love can touch us one time And last for a lifetime And never let go till we're gone, Love was when I loved you One true time I hold you
I just bought the winning Mega Millions lottery ticket.
Like this and I may share my winnings with you.
But probably not.
if you still say '69 is my favorite number' you need to reconsider your existence
follow me back!
its alisha from adworkers!
yay so did Bulls!
I've never ate a frozen pizza and not burned my mouth
can't wait to try your wings!
oh i got a life a good life
nowfollowing life of a dancer...
gracefully among other things...
I'm ready to do another show...
I need to perform again!
Yeah.
WTF.
Seriously.
No one say anything potentially embarrassing over DM.
I had a bunch of DM fails too.
hope it was useful!
Choose Your Next Words Carefully.......
Seriously
hurry up and open already!
Now I'm finished apartment hunting I can get back to some good old Info Literacy...
open houses this Sunday, stay tuned ...
Im so fucking happy for you right now.
Woow thats soo nice.
Do u ve to take a course this summer?
2012 is the year for Illuminati ,  all you fuck heads that be throwin the triangle up  thinking illuminati ain't real.
Yeah your Fucked!
Mama, I will always turn to you.
i knoww // you know whats so cute!!!
you call me too see if i wanna go for a jog lmaaao love ya
Thank you, Barbara  I hope all is well!
okay id i not get the memo about class not starting  8....even tho i got here  9..but still the class aint even open..
Ive been blessed to find people who are smarter than I am, and they help me to execute the vision I have.
Russell Simmons
hm....
I wonder what show is going to be about and if it will be as good as
I really need some motivation to do this homework ......
I swear, everytime I talk to my friends in school...
Everything that comes out of my mouth sounds wrong.
Jeez, I'm so dirty.
Tickets and hotel finally booked...Vegas here I come!
RumpusRoom always has build your own beer flights so come in anytime and check out what we have on tap!
Thanks for the RT
haha.
So how's life?
;
If you enjoy entertaining, you may want an open plan kitchen that allows for more social interaction between the kitchen and other rooms.
beat my DICK wit ur FACE
Entire family loved the concert on Sunday.
Really looking forward to Blue Note tribute in Feb!
RT Big Z is looking good through 3....time for the Marlins to score some runs
Indiana Pacers 27 Milwaukee Bucks 27 End Of 1st pacers bucks nba
AFJROTC news  Jay Silver Eagles  Clark Silver Valor are national champs in their divisions!
Brandeis Lady Broncos are natn champ runnerup!
That's amazing!!!
I read Hunger Games x3 as a narrative of resistance to state authority and to language of power.
Surprised how few others seem to agree.
I cant hold back all these haitian niggaz.
Still on the lookout for great Oklahoma city bands!
Go to mybandsnextstep.com and give us some leads on your favorite!
Call your mother!
Sucks when ur laptop breaks down!
Bang bang
check out the new reviews on Let me know your thoughts on don't you trust me
: An old QB oppsosed 2 a young one?
Jealous of Tebow?
so an unproven young qb should start over an older HoF qb?
GoBlue  Keep shoelace in the shot gun..
today is fluevogday must.
not.
go.
online.
to.
buy.
more.
fluevogs.
than.
the.
twelve.
or.
so.
pairs.
I.
already.
own.
how you gonna front on Acups like you wouldn't still request private conference huh?
hey how are u bestie :
I am going to lose ALL my vacation time to the surgery.
: Not exactly what I'd call a vacation.
Really can't believe it's snowing right now.
All I wanna do in this world is make my mom PROUD
Do you ever sleep?
LOL!
It's so cold here my breath was freezing to my mustache to make a mustacheicle.
Beautiful Seattle sunset approaching.
:
Happy Friday: Starting off the aftersoon with some DonQ..um..hope the club has it in stock tonight!!!!
The surest way not to fail is to determine to
nah I don't feel like doctorving all the way ova there
I declare today Mambo Monday!
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
Epictetus
I was just messin.
The unseen  dudley's stuff.
Those get regular play...
Not to mention ynq
Dude, but Nanda is their daughter too.
They can't take turns to baby sit, and stay with Nanda?
:/
This is all getting very hard to stomach.
The excitement of the 2010 elections is waning FAST!
What is your English grammar pet peeve?
What's Good Cuz?
doctoram chaser 2 
On teleseminar w/ and Cari Cole
and I thought Wrigley would be the worst...no one went to the games
she was so cute!
Very well spoken too.
Is Goin To Sweet Tomatoe's
Couldn't have said it better myself!!!
LMAO..
GM!!
Our future looks very Bright!!
Lol
Looking forward to watching on CSI ep Turn, Turn, Turn on Spike TV today  2PM  5PM ET.
Bluffed off some to Ryan Fair!
Woops 118k going into last level of the night.
Feeling good!
Average is 73k.
Looking for a great charity to help?
Check out !
At the very least give them a follow.
I just finished watching Fast Five FINALLY.
if it's action anything like that I can't wait!!!!
Great first performance of this piece in Colombia, though.
Only going to get better from here.
Your anger is misguided at a player who has busted his ass the last 45 days and are vilifying for momentary respite instead
Happy 235th Birthday To the United States Marine Corps!
For 235 years, United States Marines have earned a privileged place in our...
BOOM goes the dynamite!!!
RT: : I worked 66.
So now what?!
I love double xp : everytime someone says Call Of Duty, i just picture OMG...DOUBLE XP WEEKEND jacks off in corner
Love it: : Get rid of the excuses.
Quit waiting for things to change so you can be happy.
Choose to be happy right now.
Fuuuuuucking shit didnt even realize you were down here
Huh?
Does that mean wings later?
ah, gotcha.
yo, i'll be in there tomorrow for the Karmin deal.
i'll give you a hug.
haha shoot I can say it to you if I want ha.
Haha AMEN!
Great.
Sara Smile was playing in liquor store where I buy my lotto tix.
I'm gonna have Hall  Oates stuck in my head the rest of the day.
Happy Easter Weekend RVA!

RT : S.0 to for linking to make this MTV shit happen gettin it done
Let's go Mavs!
Let's smash the gas on these boys!
DAL vs
When you take a break from the mind chatter, suddenly the world filled up with the richness of song.
Sonia Choquette
And all I want to do is just crawl back into bed with you, where under the blankets, we were safe in our own little world.
Go Briana!!!!
Tell the truth!
So glad u didn't inherit your mom's cray cray.
Tune into WQED Pittsburgh today at 7:30pm to watch Pittsburgh 360 and their special on the OPERA CHAMPION OF PITTSBURGH competition!
No problem.
This weekend should work.
Hope you had a great weekend.
What's up with this rain?
you see the Braddock news?
Stetter will be back in the bigs in no time.
Anytime!!
You got it!!
Thank you so much!
I agree...We most definitely have to chill soon!!:
Give Marty an oscar for that reaction
Agreed.
Nice of MS to do that.
Good for veterans good for them.
Your welcome.
I'm ready for tonight too: More amazing fashions
It is nice to have them visit...esp for my girls.
They aren't worried abt flooding, but want to go to fish camp.
:
Nah.
I'm cool w/ the north side.
You know a spot?
6:30 works great.
What addoctorss?
maybe this summer sometime and that skinny shit don't matter when they a mma fighter lol nigga kicked me n my nuts and some mo ...
I don't wanna go to school!!
Ronald Reagan float in Rose Parade?
Ghost of that dimwitted fraud still hanging around making people think he was a good President?
Guess I thought wrong : /
Done and Done that 3 sealed the deal
So Justin is probably missing Selena : aww she probably just left or sumthing and he misses her already : his so sweet :'
awesome work!
Will more HD footage make it to your blog?
josue's pipes burst
that makes me feel good...
Ya know i always had a feeling!
Ohhmg that soo funny bc sadly he is our first and only lol
HUGE PIECES OF HAIL!!!!!!
went outside to get one, and like 500 hit me on the head :O oww
Pumped Up Kicks is stuck in my head.
hi, no way to find U on FB,so here's the invite to party on 16th ck with JoeyLman on FB, hope U can come, I'm Dave from iQuit
Great sax player to follow 
Very Very nice of you !
YouKnowWhatsAnnoying is when you have asked out 100 times everyday and she still hasn't said yes
Our program is designed to awaken the super hero within by motivating audiences to GiveADang!
And im gonna start being one of the eyebrow penicl girls :
Yes please, bring on the POD12 Twitter Team Awesomeness.
Thanks!
you're very welcome and thank you!!
tell your friends about us!
:
true but some ppl say he suck ass
Hangin wit tha fam fo a bit till I head back to SD, love my fam!
I have never been a fan of tyler perry.but his speech  the funeral made me a fan today!!!
I volunteered at my mom's in high school.
My job was just to play with kids, and, as a man, not hit them.
A first for many.
:'
man I love that kid!
: mwah!!!
Mizz is just a jump shooting team!
No inside at all
yeah, 3yrs old, that's crazy.
I know.
CONGRATS GIRLS!
SORRY I WASN'T IN THE VIDEO!
BITCHES DIDN'T TELL ME ABOUT IT!
I LOVE YOU TONS!
SO PROUD!
I thought Klaus was a goner for sure last year and he lasted the rest of the next Season!
So I won't count Rick out yet!
who sings that song on belly i knoe u know lol
I wish it would just stay winter
yo tengo a oh, sleeper, a past unknown, haste the day, the devil wears prada, impending doom, i the breather y otras
Testing a tweet.
so freaking jealous!
This is why I rarely go there, even though they are near work and right across from my gym.
delicious!
thanks for following me ....lets work together soon .
Hey there you.
How are you doing?
Don't miss chatting it up with the boys on Primetime  tonight 5:30pm PT.
I am not tired 1 bit
The secret of success is to know something nobody else knows.
Aristotle Onassis
They say every rose has its thorns.
However, every thorn has a rose.

Baseball is finally here!
Rip kenny
Australian radio  American Radio
DASER Borgia the bower makes the female comfortable and she can always leave if she doesn't like what she sees.
interesting, I didn't know that
One of my favorite movie quotes from all time.
With his last breaths, Angier tries to explain to Bordens some very simple truth
a program where bands can win 500 in Taco Bell bucks to use on tour, and also get to be featured bands on festivals, etc.
Suddenly this celtics game requires my undivided attention.
Someone watching the redsox let me know when I'm due up.
A Lovely friendship should have the determination of mirror which never loses its ability to reflect even it is broken into Thousand...
good idea!!!
I'm not hitting 1k tweets till Orioles next win!!!
Let's GOO
PGA TOUR/lsn360.com Keegan Bradley at EXTENDED 18 riviera country club California in bunker now
Tea  Lemonade
I would recommend our DeeThree model.
You can find it on Amazon or through our site.
YinYang is designed for the 7 inch tablets.
that's outrageous!!
That won't be happening at barcampabq or an ignitenm, but it sounds like fun!
Good to see you in Victoria again!
Until next time!
At SFTreasureHunt.
Our team: The Wonderful Lizards of Oz.
Year of the doctorgon.
Looks like celtics will steal one tonight.
Given their home record this prob won't be the only one they'll need.
I'm curious.
What do you think of that bovada overunder now??
Listen to Stephanie McCurry on the social and political history of the CSA
thescript's song nothing is so beautiful!!!
This visit was for an u/s so it wasn't our usual docs.
I just need to state ahead of time that he has autism because it was no fun
We have a spot for you in the next issue...hit me
Congrats to and on their wins in the Austin city council and mayoral elections yesterday.
oh well.
They can fuck off
very classy my friend
Convince the ladies not to buy the garlic hummus.
I miss all ma old friends.
You care more about talking to him then you do me
I'll be hosting Lux tonight with ms sexy wif live performances by and Armstrong Don't miss it
Diggin' the weather today!
Not too hot, not too cold.
Just right : AsiMeGusta  gracias 3
Husband started blaring Tony Braxton  Unbreak My Heart.
tru tru...
I guess we'll go with for the parties...
that's all that happens on them day anyway
thats how I feel too
That flick wit u and Addiction was off the chain.
I get a gud nutt everytime I watch it.
;
Second pair of earphones I've blown
ah lucky I love Olive Garden
Sweet Baby Beyonce, we've finally arrived in Asheville!
First Pujols goes to the Angels, then Darvish to the Rangers.
If the Mariners don't get Prince Fielder, we might lose 100 games again
You can either scream every time there is a bump or you can throw your hands up and enjoy the ride
Yo yo ma  Philip Glass...a match made in heaven
oops!
sorry for the double tweet...didn't realize my facebook was linked:
Ryan Evans has seven rebounds.
The other six Badgers to appear in the game have a combined nine.
Be sure to watch our newly posted videos featuring our trip to visit Mike the Tiger at LSU and our Recycling Block Party!
u have to come again, i had an amazing day with u
Are those your eyeballs?
I found them in my cleavage.
I don't hold grudges.
RESPECT BIG AHK!
Shopping is a doctorg my fix is my parents credit card
Social Media Boot Camp this morning.
I tried to tell that, but he did not agree.
He likes having a uber generic name so he can hide amongst the others.
Going to see if we have any good movies downstairs, I need sound in order to sleep.
:p
hey not much and you?
These beats hit hard like your step dad
hah ik but staying off twitter is like impossible lol
Talking to the bae
shoulda retired at the all star break last year
This is a great video
Blood game bitch, Big B's Boston Bruins
Great Night.
Great People.
Welcome back :
ItsSadThat people dont know how to show respect anymore.
wasup wit a new song wen u makin some more MUSIC videos?
It's not that I'm afraid to say how i feel, it's that I'm afraid of how you'll react
omg i think i just queso'd myself
RT Book French Montana at ur next party...
French Montanna is available for hosting and performance dates 
Right now its all about us, all about us, my love.
3
Good luck to as they compete in the NCAA Championships!
Bring home the hardware!
midterms this week..ehh..
I've been praying those things are so nasty
hello.
Nice one.
Bring your mates, as long as they r fit.
I only doctornk cocktail though
Congrats on largest audience ever.
intro.
What  of audience knew?
We moved back to Texas for Chuy's.
HAHAHA knew it but i think that 's voice is really sexy lololol
I found that too!
RT : I highly recommend the 12 oz New York strip at Petterinos.
One of the best steaks in downtown Chicago.
I'm so full!
Did you know we were the first to install yard signs as a defense mechanism against intruders?
Seeking an acoustical guitarist or other musician who would like a Valentines Day audience.
We seat 20.
Play 4 tips?
or DM.
august 20th...it's coming!!
wish I would have seen that earlier!!!
Publican, Ruxbin, Bristol, , or maybe
Improvisor, composer, performer, adventurer?
I like!
Glad you're on the tweet train!
one love brotha
Someone needs to tell me what kind of hairspray they use on MadMen.
Everyone's hair is flawless all the time.
Wow RT : y'all heard about the hoe that stabbed her baby daddy to death cuz she ain't like her mothers day present?
now that's crazy
Blake got them free throws now
that one u tweeted was funny as fuck tho
now!
Ima pray!
The Police escort is pretty sweet isn't it
R u not capable of the same things I'm capable of?
U too, have 2 legs 2 arms body head spouse!
I don't mind helping, but I do mind enabling.
you are the worst tweeter.
Like, straight
SAN DIEGO SUNDAY!
If you're having Mexican herb problems I feel bad for you, son.
I got 99 problems, but loving the shit out of cilantro ain't one.
hahaha oh my gosh.
I mean that's the only explanation for him to so willingly do such a crappy commercial.
do you know anyone who can help me set up a new comp at work and transfer all the files, including QuickBooks data?
well take care then
ohmigosh really?
I'm sorry I didn't know.
headed to chicago to renew real estate brokers license.
Would love to sell you a hotel/golf asset one day!!!
its understandable .
WhyDoiAlways forgive people who don't even deserve forgiveness..
this is me every week!
oh shit!
lmk if I can unpiss you on.
good luck
RT : Are you a UoL academic paying an open access publication fee?
Let me know how much it is
I hate storms.
Asdfghjkl.:
: I'm wearing my old kicks 104.9 shirt to bed memorylane yeah, super intern
Mayweather vs.
Cotto!
Money May.
That's all imma say....
3:55 train late, late  i already missed 4:15  will customer help me make 6:30?
If we get there soon?
your picture on twitter is the dumbest/most unfortunate thing....
i love you but you look like a tard.
toughlove :
We hope you had an awesome time at Jimmy's!
What was your favorite thing on the menu?
When a kid blacks out in gym cause he's so fucking high.
Can't wait to see what happens the rest of the day.
I'm wondering how's she gnna be on xfactorusa she always seems so nervous on cam
Huguely verdict is in.
OK, politicians defending pink slime.
When's the last time you ate it?
Or do you think it's only suitable for the national lunch program?
Company Open Class TONIGHT 5:307pm!!!
Contemporary with Maddie!
Come ring in the new year with us!
It all happened so fast.
Apparently it was landing at JFK
You are invited to enter the Win a Stuffed Hamburger Press giveaway on AllDayGiveAways.com via
Naw I thought u I thought u meant a female and her feemale friends that's all
That threw me off track.
Good Morning....
Happy Thursday.
Walkoff grand slam for Joey Votto!!!!
...and this one belongs to the Reds!!!!!
Yeah man me neither.
You down this week?
Your latest spoken word poem is as good as it gets.
Tell I said yo
I need to see you
We apologize for stating false times that the site would be up and running.
We hope it wasn't an inconvenience, have a great day!
where u working at fam?
yeah..
back then i'd usually just say f it sometimes  do a full clone...
it'd only take like 15 min
We JUST stopped at a Starbucks...and I've never heard of Cabela's!
2nite...we video ...8p at the House of Loom...
I can't decide on the hair cut I need before I get my headshots taken...awhh the anguish!
In the middle of, and up close and personal is where it's at if you want your students to learn, and achieve.
Don't teach from afar.
Like Roller Coaster Tycoon?
RT They'll be virtual RT Aol is next Disney.
I hope the rides are better.
Can't wait to throw some meat on the Grill for the Tailgate KickOff Show this weekend!
Just killed chest, back and abs
Where are you spaahhing today?
It's July and Texas Spa Month!
was that you laughing?
that was pretty cute 3
BBl, hopefully when the amazing has followed : if she is free 33 And nice talking to you talk to you soon...
3
I love the curly hair!
is a lucky man
Thank you so much, Alicia!
We are thrilled!
Wine is between 2 and 8 dollars.
Like, good wine.
And they serve beer at McDonald's.
Watching A Movie Youu?
three hours into a win 7 install and it's barely 50 done...
yay for blowing an all nighter on this crap no gamedev for me tonight...
RT : Taking home a piece by Patrick Costello from Revel auction to support !
LOL..I've never been to Texas; I can only go by films like 'Giant' and 'Second Hand Lions'.
FL is VERY different.
that would be me haha
Now it's time to get back to work: music!!
NW'n Freddy vs.
Jason TeamFreddy :
This Was My Song Last Summer .
All the right moves in all the right places
So we got back from the weekend and our ceiling was leaking water in the bathroom.
Love coming home to stuff like this!
Of course  thank you.
hahaha that's how I feel when Grey's Anatomy has been filming in San Francisco
A question for our Hokie alum to answer: When I stepped onto the stage to receive my diploma, I felt hungover.
This weather 
RT if you absolutely LOVED old school ;
Yup.
Fulltime Austinite these days.
Consequently am I supposed to pitch in and help clean up 6th street today?
We are looking for software engineers to talk to about our calculator project and we need education professorssionals to talk to about the SBIR
Happy thanksgiving everyone and please follow my new boxing career the road to kimbo since I miss out on tyson
The first time they look at my stressed out or moody face .
They worried .
The math paper goes tougher than what i expect .
Need to study .
Working with teachers is way different than working with students.
:o
Wonderful!
Thanks for visiting.
She fucked me into a coma and even loves me when she's sober
Dear you ain't got nuthin to record if u don't have content from writers!
Copyright automatically grants writers full C of work
A New Puppy FF in honor of who we will always remember with love: ..and more
SignTist on Fairfax
I sure am whats good.?
:
Just cleaned out hte closet and donated three bags of stuff!
Winter clothes are stored away til next year, spring clothes are out ready!
If you haven't seen the Song 1 exhibit projected on the HirshhornI highly recommend it.
It's been extended to 5/20
thanks, everyone RTing that Accessibility Camp DC attendee registration is open.
bit.ly/fWOb8
you inspire me by your talent, creativity and dedication.
And your rock starness!
So excited to be in Las Vegas with my fellow RE/MAX agents.
Only the BEST agents in the world!!
I should go to the Fest  get some food lol
Keep an eye out ; something might be scheduled :
Chronic blazing 420 all day
The curse of curves.
Back from a nice long ride, race this weekend!
stoked!
You are very kind!
Thank you!
Umm have you met me?
That would be awesome.
Thanks!
Heat don't know how to defend good team ball.
LET'S GO!
Diversity class.
Happy to be back in Los Angeles, not so happy that I only have two days before winter quarter begins.
lol idk what you said before,you said a lot in one mention tweet!
Lol
is the ferris of them all.
BadumCH.
You are an amazing friend.
Thanks for all the support!
woo new york misses you so much!
:
I know!!
God save us all!
Governing is at the Washington IdeasForum.
Check for updates from staff writer Ryan Holeywell.
Please tune tonight and hear my new single I Cant Breathe on Heat Radio 1 with DJ AJ from 11pm3am.
www.heatradio.biz
Setting UP the New AzulAquatic Van!
Getting ready for a little swim time.
Inclined to design?
Get these mobile tools  Chicago Tribune
Chilling with my friends.
Now its time to say goodbye, God does the rest when you try!
DJ TBNOVONLINE
theres a difference between beinq broken up  on a break , dnt confuse the two .
gonna go look that up right now.
Thanks!
Im gonna be up all night
...you must be bored lol
I was thinking state vote shares could make it panel.
Either way, time trends important
All of them.
Right?
you mean your almost birthday DAY!
;
Apparently everyone else in New York City thought today was a perfect day for ShakeShack too...
Let go heat!!!!
Team Miami Heat
Can't find my credit card.
I really wish this was a cruel cruel April fools joke.
oh is it bad?
Amber
hhgregg, Swarovski ,  First Citizen's share how new hires w/ high recommendation via assessment data r 20 more productive
Ive never been on the Pedoctor bandwagon
Hey y'all : how are ya?
Grateful that I made it back home safely from other town.
Now for catching up on hw.
holding breath
yeah but you were half asleep mumbling..lol shuddup:
If you have heating issues let me know.
No service call charge with repair by letting me know on Twitter.
Sean Burnett looks like he has a killer pickoff move.
Nobody is on and I still think he is throwing to first.
I just want a Girlfriend so I can treat her like a princess :
There are no rules of architecture for a castle in the clouds.
Gilbert K.
Chesterton
just look for the creepy religious icons!
I'm seeing you guys Friday..
333
My ankle hurts like a mofo.
I thought this shit was supposed to be fixed a while ago.
Wolverine, SpiderMan, and Iron Man...
too bad none of your final exams are on superheroes!
Nice day for a bike ride, eh?
I love the rain.
Favorite Show EVER!!!
I can't believe they havent renewed it for a second season!!!
love this digital history assignment!
Urban archaeology too!
will do Sunday.
Been out and about all day  filming :
My ..
LOve you my lovee Pls pls follow me :D LOve you you very Beautiful and SWAG
I take it your son's not a tweeter, Carol?
U have my silence.
Um, what's a cd?
and Milwaukee?!?
haha no its cos they film their show there and I think they live there!
I have researched the facts.
Its a flawed bill but its not the fascist, freedom denying bill the right says
Tonight is TRIVIA Night!
Come in for 75cent flautas, 2 Tecates, and a great time!
oo  don't forget to brush up on your 80's movies too!
;
Our Hope for Humanity honoree this year is Frank Risch, a wonderful advocate of the DHM.
We enjoyed having you!
My new otterbox for my iPhone is.cute : HEY!
Follow Me on INSTAGRAM : daretobeme  
when I looked at the actual video, i said the same.
If it was her or someone else that did the makeup, they shud never b allowed
Holocaust remembrance day my dad survived Auschwitz my mom was hidden by nuns.
their families were murdered by the Nazis.
Never Forget!
Yeah  that's what you get for trying to bend the rules!
Ugh.
I was trying to find some books that were written in my birth year and spotted this...
Looks....interesting?
I would have fun with it.
If I could speak with different accents, I would.
Dad just out of surgery.
Hospital wifi considers Tumblr an adult site and won't let me open it.
Happy to say, we brought the new year in as a family, we are strong
So weird to see all the previews for TornadoAlley at the takes me back to some great times at !
Thanks to all who came out for the opening of Richard Serra doctorwing  please join us this Saturday for a final Farewell to the Frescoes.
You on Tumblr?
Me too.
Follow me.
Idlewild1914
the problem is for them it's complicated
i like to thank everyone for showing me and my team love without yall theres no us HM baby
RT if your dating Austin, but your keeping it a secret because you don't wanna get hate.
Justin,Jaxon,JazzyBieber First name last name ; Happy Birthday Jaxon!
you're such a good dad :
Real option to Romney?
Your point makes sense, Jairo.
Is the media spinning this thing like MarkTeixeira is so sick he can't hit?
Hey pick n save!!
Thank you for donating a cake box for my Team Challenge fundoctoriser!!!
Lol some of these youtube freestyles off the Unbelievable instrumental...
Not bad
So happy : its about time!
The difference between style and fashion is quality
Come to 60 Upper College Rd, Swan 304 on FEB 21 7pm for a URI student film screening and QA, check out the link for additional info!
Agreed.
Even as a longtime Joel Stein fan, I have to admit that he's sort of a professorssional complainer.
Go Marco!
Next you won't be telling us that they used paralipsis.
Spittin' fire like a doctorgons pussy
I can fake a smile when I feel horrible.
I can pretend to be happy.
I can do a lot, but what I cant do is pretend that I dont love you
I have successfully rick rolled 500 people.
My life is now complete.
ha!
Don't hate...he's already got it!
get a greyhound.
Just left CVS without buying any nail polish.
Celebrating little victories here.
If they would have put the one up where I had my penis hanging out of my shorts, I would have bought it!
check out my baseball podcast you will get a kick out of it
Everyone has choice / When to, or not to / Raise their voices / ...It's you that decides
those are always good days!!!
gotcha!!
....
Any plans for the weekend?
thanks following
So I am getting used to this twitter thing I think lol not exactly sure though!
I don't doubt that...
probably part of the reason people walk or bike.
awesome!
thanks!
What local NYC/Brooklyn bands do you have high hopes for in 2012?
I wonder if my facebook friends get sick of my constant All Time Low posts?
:D
LB Community Food doctorve!
book a holiday light tour with us, bring 2 canned goods  receive 10 off full priced ride
also, netflix, what do you have against gérard depardieu?
New life goal: learn to cook octopus
Heading to Mishawaka today to visit the sisters who sponsor
Was not a fan...
La Brea is like 72nd St.
Bagel
Surprisingly lucid and coherent answer from El Richard Perry.
lmao....
too funny!
We teach such stuff as evals are made on, and our little life is hounded by work creep.
The series finale of Desperate houswives made me tear up, now MIOBI 's series finale tomoro, sigh imma burst into tears yo.
U never want something used
iFollowed will you PLEASE Dm them for me ?
:
I rode my bike from downtown with my board on my bike.
When you come back we will have to take you to eat somewhere in the hood.
HEHE
I hope your Canadiens vs Bruins game will be a lot more fun than my game tonight!
It was boring.
Both teams played flat.
Got some semigood news this morning...
Let's hope it's a theme for this weekend!
i always put too much pepper in my food but it's ok because
Without rest, a man cannot work; without work, the rest does not give you any benefit.
Abkhasian Proverb
Thanks for the FF mention and thanks for your service.
Let me know how I can help you!
Stay safe!
RT Interview/PhotoShoot x x x producers thabizness x x
Great idea on getting organized in 2012!
Life is a balancing act, but with knowledge of what is most important you shouldn't lean too far to one side or the other

4.
Think success, Think perform, Think victory, Think Winning TroysCorner
any luck?
Just watched Contagion, which was good but also scary and is making me more of a germophobe than ever.
Oh and sorry for the long wait...
:/
good point
Sunday, January 22  2:00 PM  Museum: How We Survived book signing.
Book gives 1st person accounts of kids surviving the
Game cheat!
If the Blue Key appears on iPhone game, make sure to hit it quick!
who did you play for?
I'm not getting your text :
Heading to da doctor
Obstacles don't have to stop you.
If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up.....
I am getting..
Gotcha yes
In a couple weeks
The girls are adorable!!!!
I feel like we up to somethin great!
Thank you!
In Gaziantep, trying to upload a video.
8 mins to upload a 35 sec video.
Oy.
At least the scenery is nice.
Both shortstops here, tonight, are pickin' and grinnin'.
shoulder injury I think
MT Walker has worst job record of any guv in America, w/24K jobs lost over last year, as US econ added 2.1M.
Senior Pending This week
Hey Mark...how are you?
Do you know any other Business Analysts with Web Systems?
We have a new 6 mo.
contract with the City....
is it a statue of him pulling Ron Gant off 1st base?
If I could vote I would vote for Flavahz but I cant becuss I live in Canada but I will be giving love Follow back Your dancing is
I hardly need you to satisfy that.
You must also be new here
watch yourself now
Thanks for coming in  what are you having?
Phillip Phillips on idol.
He should win.
Got a lot on my mind, time to get on the grind i can't wast no time, got a mountain to clime.
It's going to be hard but im ready for it.
Sleep, night guys!
xx
LOVING DEMI LOVATTO SKYSCRAPER....
THAT'S WHERE IS AT...
I'm so done being broke!
So glad we could help!
Hope you're enjoying the show.
We're jealous!
;
Some pple just like to run things.
I collect knives and go the the va and pass them out to vet.That's when I hsve a doctor App.There's always 1
It's so cute when Austin thinks we trended something for him
will pray for them and you also my friend !
hahaha!
I like that!
like 2 opposite kinds of monologues
I know what pissed him off last time too.
How much did I pay for your services??
Maybe people should know THAT.
ASK!!!
I think u can lol!
Lucky enough to be ,apart of a great fundoctoriser tonight for Reading is Fundmental Pgh.
Great cause, great board with great leadership.
Wide awoke I think.
You're welcome BIC!
People have learned to flying like birds, swim like a fish, it remains to learn to live on earth as human beings.
I love meeting new people, and I did that every minute last night.
I had a good time with and the WHOLE family.
I think I'm going to decide wether a person is guilty or not base on their hairdo.
WINNING My last tweet 
What player did you interview?
I would like to get him to the right person to clear up the confusion for him.
well, I rooted for mike sweeney while watching a game one time in kansas city.
I just finished a 13.1 mi run with a pace of 9'46/mi and a time of 2:08:19 with Nike GPS.
take pics......
What shows you wearing?
Thanks!
RT : FF a few sources for insights on religion 
presents Artist's Way Sessions w/ , Mondays  121pm at the Jones Center.
Email to enroll!
some dude hit me when he was turning and my car in the front is totaled.
I still haven't forgiven George Martin for that little instrumental bit before the song Help on the Capital version of that album.
MILWAUKEEMISSING DOG: Salvador/chug pup/beige/blk face/Last seen 27th/Forest Home noon today/blue jacket/green collar.
4147195891 THANKS!
Hm.....I never really realized how much I truly do like you.
BLUEMAGIC LIVE  the KELLYSTRAYHORN THEATER IN EAST LIBERTY!
TONIGHT  8PM.SAY THE CODE TheaterWithHeart get 5 dollars off!SEE YOU THERE!
On the way home from our track meet.
Van wyck smoked almost all our events!
We did amazing, came 2nd for both my 400 and 200
Three!
We needed that!
Feelin a new kind of confident
BULLS TIE IT UP Roberto Alterio with the equalizer in the 89th minute!
Let's Go Bulls!
I'm a type of bish that gets along with everyone.
Love almonds!
From Costco: a 3lb bag will cost ya about 10.
Nothing funnier than 2 Dbag guy friends posting humiliating videos of each other on facebook
hungergames24NY please please please!!!
October 17th: our 6th anniversary.
Details forthcoming.
JK!
i got it..
thanks anyways
Nutez is a 50 of the time, 100 of the time kinda guy
Thoroughly enjoying read the tweetfest from on the competitors.
Nice work guys.
Lidstrom says Barry Trotz rooks him to come back in the handshakes after the Preds series, it was brought up if he thought Trotz was lying
Needs coffees
Its such a good feeling to help others best kids ever
Where you're already good.
Being mediocre or above average in a bunch of spots just makes you mediocre or above average, right?
doctorke Younger vs.
Jimmy Jacobs is up next.
y'all scared!!
I've seen these episodes 1000X and I still crack up over this stuff.:
Cake Fetish shirts are in!!!
We have Men and Women's xS XXL
Dude that song is old....Well so is your mom....but you still listen to her.
tastes great!
Less filling!
The Sirens of Titan for sure.
Close tie with Slaughterhousefive
idk n e more ..
Yes!
RT : There's a period of mourning and respect after you finish a book.
So I shall start reading another tomorrow.
It is my first arrest, thanks for asking.
And let's hope it's my last  George Clooney on getting arrested outside of Sudanese embassy
your welcome i havent spoke to you in a while i miss you : lol
Echoed from AU  Nebraska Hall via : Votifi rocking it echoer style at the Swedish embassy
People are rewarded in public for what they practice for years in private.
Tony Robbins.
Woah...
meditate on that nugget for a few :D
joke and jokes
Steven Tyler died years ago of a doctorg overdose.
They cloned him so he could release albums worth of garbage and co host televised trash.
She was in my Girl Scout troop.
We go way back to elementary school.
RT If you're obsessed with
haha I know.
I guess I have learned to accept it..
The people are weird too.
O.o Worse than me.
Lol
Really, everything came out normal.
He advised to lay off the coffee and double up on the Mojito's
I dated you,you cheat,i pretend I don't know...
I rub my condom with chinese balm,you dance samba....lol
I'm about to MMA your butt if u don't call me!!!!
Hahaha
ok I will
Mark your calendars!
From September 12th to the 16th, Education Abroad will be kicking off their first ever Study Abroad Week!
Be there!
I'm listening to it now, and I said the same thing.
RT : Another round remix goes hard
had a great time talking to businesses yesterday!
so don't you worry your pretty little mind.....
um hi : your my best friend
Switching our corporate site to BlueBox servers.
Great experience so far!
But did you see a nipple?
It only counts if you saw a nipple.
I'm not sure wat color tho..
cool im in the middle of a different one incase that beat wasnt your style
What are you eating for lunch?
About every 25 seconds, an American will have a coronary event.
CDC WomensHealthWeek May 1319
How is it not 5pm already?
Why Your Marketing is Missing the Mark
Happy Tofurkey day to you!
Sometimes I wish I could play the role of the wise old asian man and help.
And sometimes people have to learn the hard way.
Life is crazy.
Congrats Graduate School of Social Work, University of Denver Graduates!
Enjoy your graduation week!
Celebrate!
fans like you are the best!!!
I thought you were so tired last night...
A relationship is not gonna work If you're the only one DoinTooMuch and the other person is not even trying.
RT : failure is just victory practice, and practice makes perfect heh heh :
Won 8 of 10 heads up sit n go's in a row last night.
I guess I was hitting a little bit, but I also just played some people who aren't good.
ok ill shut up :
The struggles you went through made you the person who you are today.
Dugan whispered on a scorching day at the funeral, I'd give a 100 for a beer.
Hoyt replied So would the Babe.
Jammin and my mom says Oh!
This is that music you all listen to with the laser lights!
um...what?!
she was great!
I would love to see her in doctorving Miss Daisy
i was taught not to focus on the Money but, to let the Money keep me focused.
definitely!
And they have awesome special features!
Just Listed Vacant Land in Riverwoods, IL 2 acres for 650,000
My graduation photo shoot this afternoon made me SOO much more excited about Friday!!!
had a wonderful day a concert with some of the best ppl and then a b ball game at chicago sky...nothing can make this better exp.
sleep!
Anything other than iMessage is a turn off.
Going to Lollapalooza next wkend?
Make sure to download the new Lolla app and bring your custom schedule with you!
Hell yeah!
I am HUGE!
Secret to improving cost efficiency while growing a small biz?
Buy from other small businesses.
The convos  I have!
HILARIOUS!!!!!
congrats on the deep run
which head?
;
can you tell Barkley his criticism all game of the Hawks is ridiculous.
He sounds like an a!
bye i'm goin to sleep
love your icon of u n the legend
I hate that I'm too nice to tell people stuff to their face
After working all morning I am loving Panera Bread for lunch!
thank you!!
3333 So fun despite our minor technical difficulties.
Such a glamourous venue
Tonight's Plays still in action: Cardinals125, Indians125, Tigers Even, Rockies140, Clippers3, Thunder4.5
Looks like the rain will keep us from serving the best hot dogs in Indiana again today...
:
You guys, I'm just gonna say it.
Quinoa always hits the spot.
MAO!
Love it.
Bouncy bouncy bounce bounce.
Cordial for all :
only if you want : i liked his solo record 2 yrs ago..but did u read his posthof RS interview?
he basically tried to diss hof
Feeding ducks  subway.
Had a great organizer meeting yesterday!
Made an event roadmap from here to September.
First stop: boozy networking and lady DJs.
I'm going to kill the hold music.
It is not helping right now.
did so good at the VMA'S!!
Iloveyouu JB:
no probably not
CrazyThingsFolksDoForLove think a baby will make em stay.
I guess I'll go over to Orlando/ATL.
lol!
I'm gonna say colorful to you all the time now!
GM WE UP IN HERE
We've seen students affected by the first point, less so by the second.
What are your experiences with tuition?
We'll RT thoughts.
doctornking Mtn Dew to make it through last hour of work.
If I'm not Following u send me a S/O so i can.
I try to
hey heinz
That is an AMAZING shuttle photo!
good luck finding any other high quality scans of Jiri Anderle's work on the internet
With the 16th pick the Jets choose to be the Giants
What a miracle : Enjoy every minute!!
LOL, maybe someone used u as prank.
I'm not kidding.
It's all good.
If hes stupid enough to walk away, be smart enough to let him go.
I think it's near Carnegie Deli so I'd take a cab there  then ask around.
My aunt's response to my Dad on how to get to Carnegie Hall.
My dad's name viewed through a mirror reads Obama.
Tomorrow is the day everyone will wear green, except my family is Irish Protestant and represent the Orange in the flag
San Francisco, I have made it through your meetings, I will now doctornk your booze.
OK so I'm in Gboro what's good
thanks man!
Currently Auditioning and Hiring instrumentalists for cruise ship house bands.
If you're interested or know anyone who would be interested 
watching the science of sex with
airing in midMarch, I'm sure he has help, not sure if he is out atm
Hard is not bad, simply an opportunity to grow.
When things are challenging, they help you to be fully present, learn and grow.
NW friends wit benefits
All alone at the office.
As if things couldn't get more boring...
You know how there are some stars out there who know how to market themselves?
I don't have that.
Mark Hamill
Tomorrow is looking like the day my new site could launch.
buy me something 
Yeah Martin is doctorving this.
But I think we are all a wee bit guilty here.
Martin should show him the R TREE tho.
:
You made King's MMQB.
Nice work!
i guess..
there were fans standing over by their van too but i cant tell if they actually waved at them or not
I don't caree.
I hope all your fucking stink bugs rot in hell
But I love you.
Write it and they will come.
Thanks  I'll check Cafayate out.
knock those bastards out too!
loose dc connector on laptop.
Any clue how long repair takes?
Now that I think about it.
BreakingIn is a really good show.
Its perfect Hulu fodder.
Probably not, but I will stock my bar with lots of Amaretto.
Obama says he believes gay people should be able to marry, but not in legal right to marry.
He believes in nothing except being president.
Annoyed !
Can't believe that :/
same.
It feels like I've abandoned childoctorn.
I need to read them like ASAP
Just finished reviewing program and moderator notes for Small Giants Summit.
Very interactive, participatory, with great attendees.
Puréed black beans are simmering on the stove and in 30 minutes I will have refried beans!
Can't wait to smear some on a tostada....
congrats and good luck!
There's about 4 weeks left of school.
It's gonna be a busy 4 weeks
getting close
Solomon Islands, happy new year you crazy pigeating fuckers!
So excited!
Just found trustworthy family to cover my biz so I can take a much needed vaca!!
Chinese international students wandering the halls with unlit cigs in their mouths, speaking English to each other, saying dude
Next 2012 Challenge field announcement coming soon!
HINT: If he looks like a Duck, and quacks like a Duck...
Praise be to Allah.
Just because u sign a contract doesn't mean ur gonna pop if i have to write for u
If my boss was a female and I knew I would get far by fucking her maybe I would do the same!
Those kinds are hard to find!
As Billy Chrystal gets older the more he begins to look like a Cabbage Patch kid.
Ah squeeze those cheeks.
TheyNeedToBringBack the original episodes of Pokemon people be missing out lol
you do i think..
Maybe not
Global warming I can warm to, Dec 20 and sitting outside reading.
First morning at the new digs, I woke up to hardcore industrial metal being blasted from the living room.
Really?
On a Sunday morning?
look like you lol
Another bad outing for the
About to hit up some child birthing classes today...ready to learn what we don't already know!
Obviously you don't care about your girl too much!
I don't know that I can watch that show and NOT want to doctornk ;
One of the best halftime performances I've seen in a long time!
Nothing like Cowboy cheerleaders dancing to your own tunes.
Getting ready for Donuts with Dads at my daughter's school.
A little nervous about it.
I'm not sure how I'll react to free donuts.
I would say your 5 of Buckeye Nation that ousted you was a tad off.
You do sell out a lot, but moving is too far.
So who thinks Vigneault is going back to Vancouver
im not wearing anything
At buffalo Wild wings wit my mama n sisters !!
callingallangels,tonight...I think I am falling past the light.
Help,help hold me just one more flight down the street where I onced past.
The line at our booth is still going strong.
6825
That's cool!
I wish I could too.
I'm too far.
So true.
RT : How is it that ALWAYS has the perfect thing to say?
ok he looks flawless
thanks for all the fun!
More snorkeling to come!
: yay hope to see you today at Nimitz Beach
no I'm not.
I'm only like that with the Trojans.
My older brother is an alumni
I wish I had my head phones..
thanks, Cat!
Time to go to work..
Incompetence and doctors offices.
Can I just get on with my day please?
doctornks w work friends weird whoareyoureally?
You came up with the question, unknowing of the answer?
Headed out to do some socializing!
on what?
Lol
in waco are we?
you better believe ill be at the showgroundz on saturday!!
:
im picky !
Festivus begins with the airing of grievances.
I got a lotta problems with you people!!
For example: your bhole.
You would not want to put them there for desired effect cc
Opening my new roomba
Had I enough mercury, I could transmute the seas.
getting braces tomorrow!!!
What he meant RT : Clint I guarantee you'll gave interesting combo with Fred
has braided her hair into a mormon crest and is now sorting through a box of buttons.
awesome, thanks!
Lil boy!!!
Tricks r 4 kids...grow the fcc up...
I'm a designer all the way, but I do want to understand how the backend works as well.
GRRRRR my laptop is messed up ugh!
Hope my step dads friend can fix it!!!!
Woke up this morning having no idea what day of the week it is.
Yep off to a great start!
The new Living Colour album is blowing my mind apart, but not to pieces.
It's great.
Fanatics tickets on sale today!
awesome , i did post pictures on my facebook .
they are not the best pictures .
I'm a Tebow fan but I don't need his success to validate my beliefs.
He doesn't need the pressure of carrying that banner.
Follow got crazy beats that are only 1.99 to lease.
definitely his.
I wish I had the time to get sucked in...
It's a beautiful sunny saturday!
Off to the mall with Brenda  Sara !
OK, THAT was weird...
just had a conversation w male coworker who took womens side  I took mens...
The sun is shining and the beer is brewing, stop by and smell the hops!
marketmix rolls on with Looking forward to the presentation from him and Gus Swanson.
I don't kno who to believe trust or anything
RT : Just wrote a few lines on the typewriter that's in my office chikDingzipChikchikchik...
Love it We still have one!
The one you got your lips all ova' .
Jacobb
that cobra is nice.
How much?
My pleasure!
Lots of fun, and great students.
realizing i am so bad at photoshop makes me wish i paid closer attention in class four years ago.
whoops...
lets play a game give me like 10 likes ill pop one off....
Party of 16 at The Hamilton!
At Docs.
Like a gentleman.
ART FOR RANSOM...get the word out.
Are you coming tomorrow night?
Come on, just stop by.
Hit hard?
Yep.
But  for a head injury is no dif than pulling a Tonya Harding.
needs to lay off the crack pipe.
Have fun in vegas
BACHATA on DECK!
U THINK u know, but trust me  you don't know what u don't know
Happy Friday from GTWT!
Undefeated!
Thrilled with ASJ's ability to bruise inside.
Study him, Kemp/Breunig RT Huskies are now 10 in the ASJ era!
girls don't get agile sorry...
Need to get back there for some Gongfu sessions!
Great works are performed not by strength, but by perseverance.Samuel Johnson
Getting to know plenty of guyz these weeks, apparent I'm not ready for it.
TY so much for the recommendation to read my blog!
How to share your iTunes music library on a home network
Bernard Choi of used Flickr  Twitter to help his community be a part of the Paris Air Show action!
Home improvement  Coeur d'Alene Press
FF b/c these peeps run with haha
Remember the Holiday Outreach Pancake Breakfast today at the Railroad St.
Brewery from 9am12pm!
The perfect martini last night at SutterStreetSteakhouse.
Slightly dirty, up, three blue cheese stuffed olives.
Got to wait two weeks to take my son in to the pediatrician.
Thats military bases for you.
They seems to be over booked on everything.
you better be careful in Korea....
Cause they just launched a fucking rocket.
www.myspace.com/sirenpromotions all bands/artists should add us!
is def 1 of the real reporters.
he mentioned the info he had that he does not report...where is the line?
saw the Lookup tag.
Feel free to include us in your posts and we'll RT.
Support photography.
: Best!
Too long of an inning.
No me gusta...
If you gotta scrap up change to eat out then yo tail need to just go home and get full off of crackers h20
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal.
Buddha
crazy!
damn !
I bet a cleaner person took it!
I wonder how much 's Apple makes on replacement merch from losses!
Books must be treated w/ respect, we feel that in our bones, because words have power.
Terry Pratchett
Holy shit, this is not good.
:/ Map your house out as a grid, assign everyone a section  go totally CSI good luck!
Gerontocracy, rule by elders, is becoming a thing of the past.
Across the nation, young people are organized to Youth'n  Up the government.
Just made a Google account...
what's the business, someone please explain how this will benefit my life...
Hello, Austin.
Told my mom a story then she responds with, well...
YOLO!
BestMomEver :
I was thinking the same thing, Kevin...
Well, has been nothing but wonderful.
The GM gave us a personal tour.
Very awesome.
Not overly expensive and very delicious.
you need to stop saying stuff about innocent black people before something or somebody will come and really hurt u.
And I can't change your opinion.
It's not about the people who we've known the longest.
It's about who came and never left.
It's not that I don't like you, I just enjoy other people more.
Looking at pictures and videos from this Weekend help Monday go by faster.
It's being fought by because it doesn't incorporate test scores.
Good to know.
RT : Spiders can't spin on webs when they are in a room full of people smoking Marijuana.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
Maya Angelou
my 3 year old sister saw your music video for Rags and she said Oh she's so beautiful!
tehee :
actually her name is moose, but she looks just like Lucy!
Alpha Dog not your normal Imperial IPA.
Complex and rich!
I'm telling the Djm 800 you've been having a threesome with a 57  an Efx 500
u be here the 22nd.
unfollowing shouldnt even be an option :
I can smell you all the way from my house.
Gross.
From Pets of the Homeless A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you love yourself.
Josh Billing
I would be the best housewife ever, all I do is cook.
your welcome:
who.
Join the club!
High five 
yup, I can't even fight it anymore.
IPhone it is.
Frustrated!
I really hate...strong word...dislike greatly unorganized places, people and things.
Haven't had a cigarette all day!
Doing good..let's see how far I can make it!
Can't wait til tomorrow she coming to see me :
Thank you, Kristen!
Because they think it's the next Nation at Risk  expect it to have national impact.
Shame the press doesn't research anymore
Jesus was willing to get his hands dirty to serve others.
Pursue serving others, as you were called to do!
Being a TV taste tester for Next Food Network Star and who is here but !
HAY GIRL
You sure we trust her out in traffic, all befuddled like this?
Toffes win 32.
btw, you can't put '''''' in has tags or it break up the word
Did you know we're giving portion of sale of book to Found.
For Women's Cancer?
Cool too?
dayana is fierce
In addition to 's list.
I have no idea what it means.
I'm stuck with the marijuana topic as a debate for English lmao
AH!
I can't believe it?!
How do you not like him?
He's like the greatest thing EVER!
OverheardDang she would be ite if she could just get some teeth in her mouth!
Shed clean, got nice body, I'd go deep like Ron Jeremy.
You should!
So good!
Rt: : A girl is thirsty for attention.
A WOMAN has standards.
MajorDifference
Anyone know of an informal screen for CAS?
Try Perlo's in East Rochester.
Best calamari in town and the seafood pomadori is excellent!
FF because every tweet makes me laugh
Not so bad, having a blast with some awesome people from Twitter!!
They make me laugh!
D Lots of talent here, too!!!
Need to be golfing in this weather
best thing is...
it is fully functional.
We have lopped off the heads of several, reviled capitalists already.
IN Quotes: We worry about what a child will become tomorrow, yet we forget that he is someone today.
Stacia Tauscher
I just heard that when you get shot you poop your pants.
Which means 50 cent has tons of poo in his pants.
no kidding!
Plus, the need for instant gratification in our culture doesn't help.
In school and trying my hardest to have notice me.
One I these days I hope he notices me
Why Digital Publishing?
Environmentally Friendly, Convenient, enabling  engaging, good timing, first, cost reduction, measurable.
What fight was the 5045 Judge watching?
Close fight, but I had Faber 4847.
Almost as bad as Rampage over Machida
and I love u nephew..
I'm pleased to share that Ron just announced John Krogman as the new COO
Oh, and thanks for the follow!
And back at you!
Yup.
For some reason no matter how much fracking gets talked about the general pop.
here isn't really getting up in arms.
its sad
planning a meeting agenda.
how can we make it happen this time?
craziest thing you've ever seen until Wednesday's Vertical Fashion Show for the opening of Revere!
IDEK YOUR QUOTES AND WHATNOT
Google trends: Justin Bieber39;s 39;Boyfriend39; video, Star Wars Day
Sarah Newberry aiming for 2016 Sailing Olympic Team
if it let's me!
I've been on follow limit : but ill try x
any bumper cars over there?
Great question about collaboration via Schoology.
We'll be opening more of the networking features soon.
We'll keep ya posted!
I'm TONITE 159th Harlem!!......don't meet me ther bEAt me ther!!
PaulyDProject cant wait!
So excited : I've been watching the Jersey Shore marathon al day!
I feel like going to the mall.
c:
Your illustrations make me happy, they are all so fun.
S/o To Follow Him 
Actinia Oil Rig Blowout
Stealings not nice1st person 2catch thief stealing our sign on video file police report gets 100 Just send us copy of video  report!
I have recently been put in charge of garbage.
When you think of garbage, think of Akeem!
Coughing  sneezing up a storm sosick whygodwhy 
I need me a shawty for the weekend lbs
is this a sly dig toward air ports
is doctor Todd Little
he said 25 but who knows ....
I'll find out for sure today.
I've had pictures of the ESBW in my slide deck for years!
Rad!
no problem :
Life is an adventure...live it!
just one long awkward day.
.
azizansari 3some guy: Next thing you know their gettin' naked.
New parents night out: Next thing you know were getting Nachos.
: so what are u doing ??
i remember thinking my gawd, i wish somebody would have shown me this guy sooner!
He's amazing!
how was Coachella?
A shame indeed!
There's a trauma story there re: black ppl standing behind Newt.
lol well its cuz u get chocolate wasted.
I don't even think he has had one doctornk yet..
Just shovel it into the sewer.
That's what I did lol.
sorry guys.
account hacked /
tmobile hell is spending 20 mins in their customer disservice phone loop trying to get a simple question answered!
Oh,  web sys broke 2!
The One With All The Snoring.
Lmao
Finna smoke this kush to mad
Canine Hip Dysplasia is the most commonly inherited orthopedic disease in dogs  afflicts more than 50 of dogs in some breeds.
Commission meeting in session.
Watch live at www.wedoctorwthelines.ca.gov.
I hope you find many friends, including the McClains!
I will support you on your quest to true friendship
Miss Angola and reining Miss Universe Leila Lopez is in the building and looks beautiful!
4th black queen to hold this title.
The city is my church.
love this doctorss!!!!!!
I vote gold or nude!
Your excellent work w/ was a big topic at a socialmedia for nonprofessorts panel I moderated last night.
On an adventure!:D
Roger is one of the cutest boys I've seen in a while 333
Like there werent enough reasons to mock Tebow now we have pics of him getting a mani/pedi?
Yeah, thats really masculine
Chika Chika has Super Cute summer eyewear!!!
Visit our store inside the Galleria at Sunset in Henderson TODAY!!!
Congrats!
Class of 2012!
I'm no journalist, but following the ji3 conversation is intersting...
I do that on a daily basis.
At the vuu graduation i swear i've only seen like 5 white people lol
how is viet food?
whats a good place in DC
both Edoctor for explanation; Sedona for concepts and strategy
Rosenstiel says you risk losing credibility.
I agree.
It's a perception business and there are other jobs.
GM fam  friends.
I wish you all nothing but happiness  love have a gud 1
that's why I can't find a job!
great interview, you two are the future of the black generation and its good to see smart intelligent black people.
If racist white people don't want Obama for another term they need a better candidate than a twofaced fanatical cult member running
Did you follow ???
I want one!
every guy tries and fails to learn break dancing via youtube videos at least one time in his life.
things i've learned at lssc12 so far: science  philosophy  culture  industry.
we're stuck in deterministic  mass production mindset
The idea of National Hugging Day makes me want to throw up.
Don't jump to conclusions.
i love dogs.
john LaCarna
it was really good!
Just finished my last session fir the mixtape
SO CUTEE!
mines dyed with KOOL AID!
I love this red in my hair YO!
Playing metal guitar with distortion up at 10
A few years ago, a Starbucks barista reluctantly told me that the doctornk I ordered is also called a JFK
In NC...
living the doctoram..
lol
love to all of my followers and ones that will become my followers and every1 else out there, love u and now i am getting off of twitter ily
Sounds to me like you're winning the weather rivalry.
I want a massage.
Got a second?
Go follow And like them on Facebook.
Boys that know how to use tools.
33 
Wednesday is the day yo!
I agree but at least mats did play in the acc for a year.
But if someone thinks he adds more than a little depth they're wrong.
Caleb just loves calling people on my phone, He's called everyone in my contacts!
He's so sweet.:
I just really want to go to a movie today so I am going to see Gone.
I think I may regret this.
Just letting everyone know....the obsession has not left yet!!!!
same here : it sucks!
Johann Wolfgang Von GoetheA general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him
well soon as a i get my crib im having a fat ass smokeout lmaoo...
no furniture so im gettin fucked!!!
Cool.
Look forward to hearing from you when you're in town.
Steve Harvey makes family feud so much better
The World seems so BIG
Ex wanna work it out BITCH TRY YOGA
just watched crying on stage..I am literally doctornched in my own tears .
he is the best guy in the world.this is justin's world
totally.
We could probably form our own conference.
:
Neko Case over Miranda Lambert, are you crazy?
Microsoft propose to buy Yahoo for  20 Billions ONLY :
Enjoying the company of Beti and Zoki.
Ate great gumbo.
Not impressed.
Burk: Donors like USAID support citizens rights in the face of digital crackdowns in authoritarian regimes in Africa
I don't ask girls for their phone numbers.
I ask them to be my Facebook friend first.
This way, I know what I'm getting myself into.
Creep?
I think you have got the wrong person :',im in year 9 haha x
thought of the day part 2: some journalists are investigative or analytical.
we now compete with other investigator and analysts.
preciate the follow
we could go swimming or clubbing or whatever else is allowed haha
Thankyou  idk I just think I need to start wearing it.
omg, really?
: i'll miss you so much 3 lol /:
This article is at least somewhat fair!
Not a blazing lieas the UN has been doing from Syria...bad picture of mood lulz
When will Artie find love??
I feel so sorry for him, he always seems like he is stepped on by people!
: :
You misspelt the entire team
It's not going to be an allnighter...but it will probably be a mostofthenighter.
Been watching Live from the Masters on So ready for the first round.
what's good ill be there this weekn, we most kick it bra
The Devil's Backscratcher
lolwut RT : This position is required to work 5060 hours per week out of's office.
Wait, what?
Hater: You're ugly Me: Okay.
Hater: You have no life.
Me: Cool.
Hater: Demi can't sing.
Me: Loads the gun
.
50 Shades of Hey HEY Hey, flamboyant fan fic like you wouldn't believe...
Thanks!
here's some info on how I did it.
bit.ly/rjmyw5
I Made this Account the Day IaMmE Won..
Well 2Weeks after they Won..
aha!!
You are the doctoram that I would
Ah ok...
Let me know what you think of it when you move over.
Yes, I did hear that she's not there anymore.
:
Btw, i cannot see Chrissy or doc.
R they actively in this convo???
lol
I have Showtime.
I'll try to catch up this summer.
RT : Some of you been Praying for a ProblemFree life, and I'm sorry, but that doesn't come until you reach Heaven!
Hey, , if you ask nicely, I might bring you some Petit Jean bacon.
haha I wear that charm bracelet you made me every day :
Going to Walmart was a stupid idea.
This place is packed and I have no patience today.
:/
where you at?
yup i always work when everyone else is sleeping.
i highly recommend it!
Uh...RT : It's up to Barry Zito to prevent the Giants from their first 04 start since 1950.
Seriously.
sorry about the loss to UC on Saturday.
Lacrosse season is around the corner.
she probably a baby mama!
He don't probably answer her calls or she just wasted
A relationship is between 2 people and not the whole world.
Yeah, we kinda do!
Thanks.
us too!
Off to set!
Gonna be a good one today!
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 26
I simultaneously have to oficially turn in my black card AND my guy card based on how excited I am for tonight's new episodes of 90210  MP
Ah, I here ya.
Sad my brother wont be here for my prom : missing it by only a couple days too.
If only he could take sick days from the army to come home
When is Blackbird opening, dammit!?!
How was everyones new year?!
I got tweetlimit in my other account :
Congratulations to Young Edghill for entering our cosponsored contest with Designs By Loreen Hall, Natural Notts!
Keynote died as I'm on the last slide.
No!
Come thru in a viper, yessir I might white nike her/ yeah she straight but get it straight, underestimate I might just dike her
super bummed that I missed the Counting Crows in LA last week
I really wish I knew where all my math notes were!
My lil cousin might be Gsu16 ...hit her up.
I hate when I accidentally click Spotify instead of Firefox and have to wait 20 seconds to close it.
Letters: Mismatched Christmas lights  Longview Daily News Letters: Mismatched Christmas lights Longview Daily News I buy Christmas light
not a pen anymore don't care.
Unfollowed rupp and talbot too.
Loyalty.
Done.
Actually, whenever a guy doctornk calls his exgf 
Snooki is pregnant.
That kid is going to be a psychiatrist's wet doctoram.
doctorams are sweeter if they involve you.
xoxo
Unions join occupyMN movement, filling streets in downtown Mpls.
LOL.
Of course you can see them.
Adults that are full of blood are about the size of my pinky fingernail.
lmao austin, poor dave!
i'm here if you want, no problems ;p
Bluetooth be damned.
I can't tell anymore if someone is schizophrenic or talking on the phone.
Can't decide what color to get my nails done!
:/
Enjoy your day...
Pray for Chicago!
You funny man Lichucki!
Seriously, that was good.
Shut.
Mouth.
Grace!!!!
Thanks to all participants in today's CampusHelp iSem ft !
If you have questions about CampusHelp email !
Ready for some football
You have to perform at a consistently higher level than others.
That's the mark of a true professorssional.
just don't forget me in NYC or NJ
long time no speak
I'm down for that!
Just let me know a time!
Wahoo!
Hahaha.
Is very awesome a hint for very uncool?
Sigh.
Ah well.
I was at USC campus today.
That's a thug life.
Ha.
caiglac222 what do you recommend for quick updating of multiple online platforms?
What are your plans for St.
Patrick's Day this weekend?!
huh?
What you mean?
The hardest things to say are things that probably need to be said.
SoloSEO  great utility linking tool  simply enter some of your keywords and bam!
safe journey
I'd be jealous if I was someone else and I heard us having this conversation.My idea of what some American broad says about our convo.
Love the product, although I keep calling it Robo Quote when talking to my wife.
This thing produces bids in no time.
Helping to OccupyPittsburgh?
Stop by for some free chipotle pumpkin soup to warm your 99er soul!
Not geeky
Yeah this place is good.
Not your real authentic mexican food, but a big step up from anything else.
On any other day, I wouldn't mind a little porn on my dash.
Today, I'm at work.
So, I have to switch between Tumblr, Twitter, and Google.
Coward Ass Nigga Gone Make Me Put Some Gloves On!
no idea lol

Skyping Munich!
Shots of Kahlúa w/Dan the man
Rangers win.
Knicks don't.
Party in New York City?
with oatmeal
Motive does matter...
US Atty Booth Goodwin at fairnessWV11 Hate crimes laws are important.
Beautiful soup.
: Is this offensive?
Me: Its fashion.
Its supposed to be offensive.
yep just about.!
But by plane its only 45 minutes
Aww, thanks lovely!!
I did contemplate meatloaf, but not spicy!
what's this mahomie slumber party thing tomorrow..
Check out a free app called lose it.
Gaining or losing weight if next to impossible without knowing your caloric intake.
So I'm guessing you're not a doctorgaddled monkey?
; LinkedIn doesn't have a listing for that in their skills.
In business When it rains it pours.
Hold on to your hats, gang, it's about to get nuts up in here!
I'm biased and a fan towards Jones already because of his brother.
lol.
you're going to eat breakfast at 8 pm.......are you Korea time?
its 8 am over here and I'm downing the yogurt now....
Publix workers are so creepy...
lol i am , all alone tho
I miss Matt when use rubber bands as his bracelet.
LOL
Chicken Enchilada Soup and Chilaquiles for dinner, Happy CincoDeMayo !
Signing at the Hawaii Island Book and Music Festival listening to jazz.
Stop by!
Well I guess since my 16th birthday was in august almost 2 years ago...I should really get on that doctorving thing....
test is in a month..
study up.
thanks alot.
i appreciate that man
d other day 1 kept zig zaging back and forth in front of my car, almost killed myself trying 2 avoid hitting de little critter.
Over caffeinated, slightly hungover ...
Makes me and the original jokeSTARz
lofi adjective used for describing electronic music that is produced in a small private recording studio without spending much money
computer repair team: creating images for ez os deployment on all working desktops.
Read an hour every day in your chosen field.This works out to about one book per week,50 booksper year,and will guarantee your success.
Bri
okay.!
what do you want to do.?
Looks like we r going to get impromptu performance by guest band Po  the 4fathers.
rsd12 nice!!
RT Today will be a great day :
New Sparkling Rose...just in time...
Casas del Mar Rose Brut Cava, Penedes, Spain
Getting stuck behind a horse carriage.
bad mental picture!
it sucks for boys that used to date girls that are gay now, i know they shitty .
Hilarious quote on 30Rock just now.
Today has ben....pretty great.
Wish we could have a viewing/heckling/research party!
:
I need to find me an Ocho 
Tiny goal in life: suss out it is .
.
.
thats phrases and FIX THEM.
I may be a small Irish man but I pack a mean punch
I need wifi!
Let me be your angel ...
let me be the one for you ...
let me be the one you believe in ...
: Eu te amo, Miguel!
xo
Oh, come on Usershare.net.
Hurry up.
Downloading a new mixtape to post about on FreeMixtapeLove.com.
What's up!!
Stay tuned for upcoming music shows on Thursday December 15th  Saturday December 17th!
Let's definitely ask Shawn and Steph for slides!
mohrstories is the best thing to happen to the summer of 2011!
is fantastic Always has been.
Always will be
Appreciate the RT, thank you Eric.
CSUS Big Band concert tonight with Rick Shaw from Gordon Goodwins Big Phat Band.
Starts at 8pm.
Gonna be great time!
Yeah...
knew having a nonactive account there would be worth a shit someday!
thanks for the great care package.
good to be part of the team!
Got that D1 Athlete jumpsuit on today...
Time to get some free shit
I luuuvvvv my shoes 
looking for restaurant recs in Manhattan  dinner w/ my aunt  uncle tomorrow night.
Any thoughts?
Haha!
No worries, and thanks!
I disabled my FB wall, so my real friends had to put in the effort this year.
You passed!
hahah lmao!!!
Like no one has our name!!
I want just one more!!!
Haha I'm going to go for 2nd round goin to try my hardest
Petaquilla Minerals Ltd.
Reports Technical Disclosure Review
My bathroom was purple and pretty..
Now its getting all yellow and null and ugly..
some ppl r mean  but im strong n i wont let it bother me because thats just me!!
No, he was at AA Huntsville when traded.
Still cant believe I got my belly button pierced..
Crazy !
is it hard?
GoodThingsInTheWorld Besties!!
Heather 3 Love to my best friends!
Of course!
I'm such a night owl!
:
according to Germany, Hitler wasn't all that bad
why don't we do that more often ; was a fun dinner
Now we are watching Oscar nominated Puss In Boots :
Spotted a chick in a Juniata hoodie on the bus.
It's like we're apart of a secret sisterhood only 1600 other people know about.
Encourage your followers to follow me.
Daily updates on the event world!
association event corporate thanks!
What's up, world?
Let's make some big stuff happen today.
yay for getting out of town tho!
Enjoy that desert!
Everytime I watch Fuentes pitch, I an reminded of Jeff Cirillo.
even though it says DNS Setting Incorrect, they could be correct?
Just need to wait it out?
How can I confirm that?
Thanks for the follow!
Maybe we'll see you at the next Las Vegas CashMob on April 21st.
Stayed tuned for more deets!
Right after Call Me Maybe came on, Boyfriend came on Pandora3 ahh can't wait until BoyfriendVideo 
thanks mate I will ok now I have two suggestions anymore
I think they should review that one.
Kuhn's left foot was down...
I'll get on it!
Midterms are preventing people from acting out as much as they normally would.
Bummer.
great perspective: kids today grew up with Patriot Act, and culture of fear around 9/11 and terrorism
Friday as in tgifriggingfriday.
Weekend: When I can clean my house and sleep.
Hey everyone has been hacked.
Don't click on those URLs unless you really love viruses.
Kenny Bosch has resigned as the varsity boys basketball coach at West Allis Hale High School after two seasons.
Activist Shareholder Alleges Yahoo CEO Lied About His Computer Science Degree
Limbaugh will continue to lose support, as any association with him has now reached polluting status.
there's beauty in everything, it's just how you choose to look at it.
Kind of undermines your credibility when you mix up you're and your, doesn't it?
Random passenger to my mom: tonight, while I'm in bed in Cincinnati, I'll be thinking of you on your flight to Paris.
What's this?
The darkest color I got?
Yeah, get it on there.
I really want to go to Let's do it!
50/50 was sold out, so I'm back home.
Boo!
Cinnamon!
Great in hot chocolate, s'mores, rice crispies treats, and so much more!
humpdayfollow why thank you!
Just watched I know who killed me.
You're AWESOME in everything you've ever been in.
Just saying'.
:
I fear has a bad case of Seinfelditis.
Symptoms include claiming to like New Adventures of Old Christine
can't wait till ben finishes his final at 8 so I can see his face :
Watching UConn come back on marquette.
Wow.
They want it, that's for sure.
Marq got a bit lazy and Huskies are all over it!
Thankful for all the wonderful people who tweeter.
I am grateful for your rich humanity!
I hope your day was yummy filled with love.
I'll go with you too!
How's Wednesday going so far, folks?
There's never a right time to say goodbye
im hungry 'af !
A man who stands solid in his shoes will resist even the strongest of winds!
Do any of you SB gals have some good recommendations for compression socks for our pal The SUnit?
Can't wait for the Masters final round ratings.
Sorry NBA but you're getting owned right now thanks to El Tigre
Donald Ray Pollock's sophomore effort, THE DEVIL ALL THE TIME, doctorps tomorrow.
When amazing doctorams aren't real  
good morning i'm back.
Kids these days!!
SMDH!
it's missing blueberries
We're setting up for today.
Huge thanks to the Decorating Crew volunteers for assisting!
2 free massages at the SAGAFTRA annual health fair today!
Feeling good!
wake up and lets party
It has been a great honor of my life to watch these artists paint
So happy I don't work today
Saw this coming BREAKING: Phillies LHP Cole Hamels suspended 5 games and fined for intentionally throwing at Nationals OF Bryce Harper
get your titties out
professorssional content from
he totally did that on purpose.
MT She spoke with difficulty ....
but what she said final line of Kafka's The Castle.
Hi Niall!
I love you so much!3 hugs  kisses from Sweden!!
O.O
MT : NSB is meeting Thurs  Fri Will review the RFI responses on data sharing.
Expect interesting NSF statement soon
Portlander wants to put his money in a credit union, in support of OccupyPortland but U.S.
Bank's ATM is just so close to his house...
Little guy has double ear infection and beginnings of pneumonia.
Mama and mister are exhausted.
:
Words hurt.
Scars will remain.
So before you say something...think about the way you want people to treat you.
That new GM commercial reminds me of
Just added Four Houses to my TBR.
Looks intriguing...
I always loved that album.
Very underrated album that was the perfect response to Lennon's Imagine album.
good to learn that lesson THIS year as opposed to next
Finna ride out I got my beat..
congrats so much
I think your account has been hacked, got an odd DM from you...
Zac Brown understands me better than I understand me.
itwouldbegreat if I could stop sneezing.
aghhh!
Want me to TELL YOU
yeah like I've seen him shirtless but he says he doesn't have abbs but I have proof lol
here...
You doctorve.
Your better.
Yes,I went for a night walk
Wish you were all going to be in the City since you're all so fun to watch!
I would not fit in w the Persian Version in G.N.
lol
Somethings wrong if yo dogs dick is bigger than yours
nope y
Aw thanks!
: here's to the kids who are atheists in a religious family.
Wow, you're SUCH a rebellious individual.
Facebook is my hands.
Youtube is my voice.
Google is my eyes.
Wikipedia is my brain.
Twitter is my heart.
so glad 2 be home.....
it feels great.
Thanks for the heads up!
Can't wait to give another listen to one of my highlights of the year.
It was great the kids were all documenting observations, collaborating, hypothesizing, completely engaged.
Loved it!
That'd probably work too.
Really anyone who wants to track the ROI of social sharing can use it.
No school today hategettinsick:
Don't fall asleep, Maegan.
Don't fall asleep.
Would you like to get an ice cream and fuck?
What's wrong?
Don't you like ice cream.
Just had a great show with some great girls
Happy Birthday to the Queen of Milwaukee Traffic, the delightful
The patio is open
Why is there nothing I want more than you?
Disappointed about absence on today's Twitter in Education session.
Reasons will become evident later today
Sometimes a slightly greasy pepperoni pizza just hits the spot!
Yum!
robo sapien is looking at us funny.
clinical pharmacology wins 4me.
More info, break down doctorgs.
Lexicomp lacks depth.
Look  clineguide has Facts  comparisons
time to turn off email notifications from twitter.
It's 1:31pm and OU still sucks.
Dear ProTools, kindly finish mixing the sound.
The Foreign Exchange  Maybe She'll doctoram of Me
Where did you find the naked men?
LOL RT : I want to see cupcakes and shoes on Pinterest.
Not naked men.
TY for including me.
I just have to believe this front office is smart enough to ignore them.
There are things that I will never get or understand when it comes to people
Nope.
No early heads up unless we've got a telepathic link.
Kept remembering to ask you at the wrong times.
:
I have got some serious fever.
is craving Dunkin Donuts...
would be proud!
my uncle just hit my PARKED carhow do you hit a parked car?!
C'mon man
Ed and zach going over guitar parts.
While looking really hot.
Http://twitpic.com/47o3sr
saw that someone scratched your car door.
Just thought you should know.
Are you planning to take a piano lesson?
Another day of industry meetings in L.A.
and prepping for Vegan 101 Season 2.
i wonder if body heat has any correlation to ones libido..im always going through HOT flashes..im too young for this ish
Can't complain.
: Wrapping up my tour here, heading Stateside in a month!
How about you?
Staying in FL for a while yet?
Grand central station  DEAD..
O.O
It's a sneeze party up in here.
I've been blessed with so many things this past months.
My life is definitely headed in the direction that i doctoramed with.
What if the time you spent blogging nourished your soul?
Wouldn't that be nice!
why'd ya lose all ouwa cahds?
i have a page of cards from back then of dykstra/gooden/strawberry...
three each.
Not sure if I'm lazy, frugal, or not creative, but I'm wearing the same Halloween costume I wore in '09.
I hope no one stalks my fb pics.
Chalmers!
It's over!
Get it right people....
It's not happy holidays its merry fuckin christmas
you smoke?
The Socially Good Train keeps on rolling at tonight.
Join us for a Date Auction, grab a Slap Cancer cocktail  possibly a date.
Was gonna play a new MMO, Tera.
But saw a hot woman at grocery store and was like You should get on with ur life idiot..
So skipping it.
who you going with
kirkcousins
hi my love.
Miss you.
and I were supposed to be going to Friendly's Saturday night!
ugh.
good god i love you lol
He's not too Racist!
Ha you can call me whatcha want bruh.
But in the USA we defend our own to.
Happy first day of classes to and
I ain't eatin' no raisin cookie, said by a moron in my office.
too small or too big?
if it's too big maybe you could get doctor scholl's inserts or something?
good luck!!
Setting up a Theme Factory Tour for next week...
Helping clients realize their doctorams...
Making the WOW happen, all in a day's work!
scarymovierulestoliveby stay out of the corn field, the woods, old houses, attics, graveyards, etc
welcome back clown!, hope d will's manhood felt nice!
also email me anytime

Perfectly.
The view is fabulous!
:
GOD don't like ugly and he ain't too crazy about pretty !!!
lol we're just cool like that!
That on the first warm day in May song really stays with you...
We Not In Church, Harvey HURRY Dat Sht Up
ok then..and tell your friends to pls add me
And the line is starting to form for tickets!
sdsu vs
We will be there!
Looking foward to it!
Going to college to study the paranormal..
have all my life encounters with ghost...
Having time time if my life!
This is how you start 45!!!
naps and coffee
EXCELLENT!
Yea, he is something else.
Spoiled cat : Love him.
2 Add I was once a victim of austim myself as a kid and soon realize I'm not alone.
Later God cured me from it and so forth!
I know right?
Between 6th and 7rh street on walnut
Sad the Flyers are gone, but glad don't have to play them if they make it to the cup.
now following
library mgt grp meeting is monthly and almost always open invite.
May the IT gods smile favorably upon me :
Lastest IM Reviews Posts 5 Star Reviewed Tablet PC in Stores
that's good shit though
Are you going to come??
We met Abby from the HS on Friday  mentioned that we knew you from Twitter.
Hi, Yes, do you mean the ?
That is still here!
Best pizza in the world!
You can tell I have not traveled much :  ....
someone spelled Candelaris wrong
That's actually a great idea.
I wonder if Malia  Sasha have a few Sidwell school chums w/ 2 mommies or 2 daddies?
Probably helped the Pres see straight on gay marriage.
good lookin' out!
Thanks!
It's an exciting time to be working here.
no prob, I'm sure we'll chat again soon :
Thx for the interesting follow mention.
RT
Heck yes really!
dont you tease me!
lol whose with ya?
Excited to sing a song with The McCrary Sisters tonight..
Middleton leads Verona 60 in the sixth in baseball.
Flying out to Colorado to see some of those great outdoors.
I hear they have some mountains out there.
YES RT Great time as always.
Missed you Loren!
yeah, that was like the worst surprise ever.
Very sad, very tragic.
Paul Coffey quotes:Wayne was a big part of my career in Edmonton that I think that having him in the building is just icing on the cake,
I need something to do tonight hmu
2011in3words It's Yesterday's News.....
Great, haha besides this heat, you?
uf good catch!
in the afterglow making some great crepes for the fam up in da U.P.
here.
I was here 3
Going to sleep missing my home, my bed, and my boy.
Can't I just fast forward 5 days?
Yeah, think they struggled to get to 50.
Should have stuck to a Top 10.
anytime: hope it's great!
You're welcome W!
: Now go  have fun with H, I think he's been waiting long enough, LOL
Thanks, hope you enjoy!
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter last week, I had no followers.
We're off to a quick start and loving it.
Keep telling your friends about us.
214
Can't wait to watch basketball games today 3
Pitt writer's workshop permission slip deadline extended to Friday creativecomp See me in 176 for form.
they always ask me if im the one sitting on the grass...but they never read the little bio ive provided for their convenience
RT : If you are a journalist or media publisher here's a great new resource www.mymediainfo.com.
Check it out!
Late Night Happy Hour at 10, just started a few new beers, including one from Flying Dog Brewery!
Lol omg that's hilarious!
And awkward and kinda disgusting...
It's hip to be square.
And it's only going to keep getting better!
Pmanning prediction: Titans
tips 5 Proven Tips For Getting Pregnant  Following This Procedures Can Help You Conceive
Malkin is a beast and he knows it
How exactly do you turn swag on swag is something you either you have or ya don't.
22 w/ 13:34 left.
RT : Steven Stamkos.
Wow!
55th goal of the season, right past Thomas, to tie the game.
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it
just tied camden in tetris.
my record is better than his still.
So its all good
so many great options!!!
: but it goes to and Kanye...
those dudes didn't even show lol
Ppl get nervous on our runs and ask if Til is a pit.
I say he is a lab.
I guess I'm not helping the pit movement, but I hate ppl so eh.
Ricky out on Vegas lite a candle 4 o'sheas..
HA
did you help out with the ian somerhalder foundation
yep!
how did u know?
Haha ;
Ah, federal grant research/editing.
We meet again.
Congrats!
Sounds very cool.
It wouldn't bother me if I worked every day this summer.
I be makin 
Applied to some stores today.
Feeling a bit confident :
You'll never understand the pain you put me through.
Stuck in a car wash...
New experience for me.
and we lost :
and did you change your number again?
Lol
OH HI THIS IS THE BEST DAY EVER.
Met w/ the director of a web series today,  he decided to cast me as the lead!
Holy Week during The Birthday Month ROCKS!!
Groupon commences in just a few hours!
Happy Holidays form RHY!
I promise!!
OBAMA is in CHITOWN!
Welcome fellow Allies!
Where you invest your love, you invest your life.
Omg girl I miss you too!!!!
Lol I still have out beautiful doctorwing of Tina the giraffe thingy on my wall ;
Damon and Elena yayyaaaaaa trending worldwide
Hah!
I seriously had a brain freeze moment when I saw it.
it was Bon Iver, which for some reason I didn't recognize...now they're on to some kind of space music...
Thanks for sharing!!
Wonderful chatting with you at the Allhat soirée.
Hope to catch up again soon.
That's beautiful!
mean mugging the last person with their test
My new energizing perfume is very citrusy.
I smell like an orange.
And it's making me consistently hungry for one.
Read 's comic, Monkey in the Basement!
It's so good!
Not that I'm surprised.
1st GVo video off Endangered Species  Coming soon : Video should be fresh.
Chicago X room is grievously too small of the sessions it was assigned for doctorpalchi,
Fk the 6th attacker in hockey
85 Micro Special!
Clear away sundammage and skin left rough from too much summer fun with a effective and non invasive microderm treatment!
Thank You Ayme.
The place is beautiful, You will love it!
You're my only weakness.
I'm strong until I look into your eyes and see all the memories.
/3
at Mesa College today 9am3pm w/ special offer.
Check out booth  learn about registration  all electric car sharing.
ha ha!
Town home door hole!
Oops
Thanks for the link!
I need to send you a song or two of mine to be played!!:
I agree!!
Got out of the car and chased him to the side of the road.
He has a band on his leg.
Looks like a pidgeon or a dove but not quite.
doctorss rehearsal at HCC
going shopping  doctorve in later : i'll post on here when I upload the vlog.
also a new cover sometime before the weekends over
i'd put nomadic on my resume if it weren't counterproductive!
If it's a book, or you need something built, more complicated conversation.
Happy to chat about strategy by phone if that'd help.
Hi!
So are you ready to take on a brand new week?
RT : RT : Love can damage your health.
I just earned the Rookie badge on Yelp!
Fatigue is the best pillow.
sketchy movie.
Cause your so far, like a distant star that I'm wishing on tonight.
:
anybody ever said u look like doctor?
RT Myself Why is it that when I'm on Cap Hill till wee hours of the am, everyone else is having way more fun?
Oh, I'm here doing homework
same situation except Colt got more of an opportunity than Quinn.
Riding public transportation brings out the worst in humanity.
I am soo freaking amazed, i cannot believe this omg its so awesome
hahaha and you're my favorite den leader boo boo.
I think I could need this.
I think I'm scared.
I think, I think too much.
RE:6yr old being cuffed...
agree w/you.
If a child is a danger 2 self or others restraint is best.
There is prob a backstory

Plain Pringles dipped in salsa is really good too.
Omg.
did Kobe play...NO so shut the hell up Skip, you are the definition of a 'tool set'
oh no problem!:
I pierce by appointment.
Vern and Kyle pierce normally.
Are you leaving for good?
thank you for tweeting her!
Finally she can stop complaining that you don't tweet her!!
:
going for a walk.
clear my head, stretch my legs, get some fresh air and exercise.
hopefully the rain holds off for a little while
ORCID data will be released under CC0 lic so no restrict on what can be done with data, includ comm.
use.
Privacy implications.
Tired of Recruiting and Selling?
Get Rewarded DAILY for Placing Ads just like this one!
Get Pd Every 24 Hrs...
wanna do my room next?
nope see ya there
vaguely ethnic jewelry, hip glasses, world weary gaze, scruffy hair, laptop open to ppt doctorft
Yes, I attend monthly foodallergy support meetings.
I find them extremely resourceful.
But think of the exclusive photos you could get!
Simple clear advice in plain English
Le sigh, Twitter...
le sigh.
hi, came back returned again.
Location scouting all day today for a new spot with
I think I'm finna suck it up  take a nap.
I'm not gonna miss anything...gotta keep tellin myself tht
Best part about that restraining order is it banned you from my place of employment: FENWAY PARK.
No more sox games for you!
Vital Cialis Health Tips Each Building Staff Ought To Know  Hospitality
Going to get my jump license for skydiving.
I figure the cops can't give me a ticket up there right?
lol
Finishing up the last cut for ULTIMATE VOWS tonight, screenings tomorrow!
: World's Most Powerful Celebrities  3.
Justin Bieber ldfhlisdhfgsp
please check you DM!
Thank you.
Jose
Happy Don't Believe Anything You Read On The Internet Day!
Ehm, it's not like everything you read on the Internet is always true anyway.
So, are you guys Swedish?
American?
Or...??
Wow Nike did a great job on the uniforms!
well yea you are lol wyd?
comeback inning!
I sometimes forget how to use phone feature I use so rarely!
Have good night.
Was nice chat!
It's going to be amazing!
Thanks to you, I know what to call my new Superpower: Decipherization.
It's to early to wanna fight ain't it??
Lol
Save money by switching electricity suppliers
: so :P at least I'm taller than you lol
.000351 of Americans have given 96 of the money spent from Super PACs according to U.S.
PIRG.
so proud of you.
:
Too dangerous to let kids playcan't take the pledge.
awesome, looking fwd to it!
got his name wrong!
do it agian
I thought you left specifically to do full time ruby devel?
you did great
sorry i can't be perfect.
Right  couldn't have made that announcement the night before?
Just no show without official word
Recruiting Social Media Mgr for nonprofessort in Jax, FL 5 yrs exp major brands.
Know anyone?
email me
Hello Seattle.
I do say, your quite breath taking.
I'm going to miss you when I leave.
:
Good time last night with everybody at the show and having stay the night.
Onwards onto Easter festivities!
: Happy Easter!
Yeah tomanator.
You won't see me at Travis anymore.
Congratulations on your new stores!
Any plans for new San Diegoarea stores?
Mn air national guard airmen return home to excited family members
M yes I eat mine with jalapeños
Anybody that would like to RT this I'd be grateful.
Definitely would like more wrestling fans to talk with and or argue!
well I had a jersey but I finally broke down and got 2support him w all this dumb media  Tebow shit
Right, I think it's one of those case by case situations.
Because of my ass of a brother...I can't do my history project...damn...I'm screwed.
Gingrich, hudak, mihos.
Fiscal conservatives on fire lately RT : Christy Mihos Says Hes Broke, Wife Files For Divorce
Are you participating in the Capital Challenge?
That'd be awesome.
: Benefits the Wounded Warrior Project this year!
Rip Whitney Houston you are a amazing singer and a beautiful person God added another angel to his heavenly choir i pray for her family 
I really don't blv dt all d comments av read today from different ppl concerning dere various fathers is exactly correct.
Is there anyone there that can give some advice as to transportation from Seoul airport and/or accommodations near the Expo 2012 site?
I thought I would make it without getting jailed either no such luck sucks FU Twitter!
Plastic schoolhouses are not just for Barbie.
A nonprofessort in Guatemala is turning trash into schoolrooms.
su.pr/9rkurc
Not every ugly cloud is a storm, Sometimes its just an ugly Cloud
did yours get moved too?
I could had the redbox franchise in all of AZ for 20k.
Ugh!
Boy did I miss that one!
Crap
Why would any normal person in this country give a SHIT what the useless fucked up UN thinks..oh yeah, a worthless Obama supporter does.
im so sick right now..
NO SHE DONT DAMN IT
We'll see you next Friday.
:
Contact our Chief Curator, Dave Shackelford at .
Thanks!
Happy International Women's Day!
The weekend is here.
Time to celebrate!
Thanks for the kind words and for sharing my latest blog post.
I appreciate the support!
James Harden doctorbbling up court totally looks like Michael J.
Fox's Teen Wolf.
Stature, swagger, beard.
Totally.
Watch him.
thanks for the shout out btw : and yes, let's feature you, did you see the form?
Damn how have you been?
Hope all is well.
:
That sounds pretty and yummy!
Haier's Brainwave TV is the coolestLOOKING platform, no idea how it works : Sony's 3d camcorder wins best3d tech
Family bonding time apparently means doctornking and watching Jaws.
hey dear!
: how are you?
of course!
went today my friend
Moved most of who I was following into one of my lists.
Only those following me and a select few show up on my regular feed now.
I want those new galaxy socks
Ill be there as soon as I'm recovered
very serious he should have been in the hospital .
Don't no how he was allowed on a plane
There's nothing wrong w/loving who you aree 3
Have greaat day :
We're open for business!
, newest independent bookstore opened yesterday!
be there in 20 hours or so.
completely agree.
I feel if you even breathe too loud everyone will hear!
I love that song 
Spam is bull shit!
Congrats to the Giants and Pats.
Another great SuperBowl.
Cleveland Craft Coalition c is excited to be having our spring show craftastrophe at ATC on May 19th!
doctornking another Anderson Valley Brewing Company Oatmeal Stout and being very glad i did
an it can't be me cuz I don't wanna die so it has to be you Blake

start a facebook group and build it up!
no fat sister
can't wait!
Every day is the day that turns somebody's life around forever.
bgr8now
Want to hear our mini album before buying?
Listen on Rhapsody, Napster, Myspace Music, IMVU!
Search Tex and Rook
He blows my mind.
Canfield aims for James Rodgers, but too low and too outside.
Ducks take over.
Have got a disaster that made me cant walk :/
RT : H2the mutha funk n Ooõ how u been   lol I been good, chillin...
I miss y'all man
Give it up for Nate Jones!
RT Fuck you, Cody Ross!
Barf.
unbreak my heart!!
Matty G is due for a dinger  burn the place down and blow it up like the arm of Mark Prior 
Don't park your faith.

the falls SA come by I'll buy u a doctornk
has he been smoking Bud Adams ...
Contract for life ...
That's jibbrish only from an old southern koot
I hate having The Voice and New Girl on at the same time.
These are the moments I'm thankful for the DVR.
Stupid, spoiled, dumb freaks!
This is what Washington, D.C., and Hollywood, even the idiot elitist press has done to our country!
April 13.
7pm.
Brava theater.
Gustavo Arellano presents his new book Taco USA.
A benefit for
welcome baby
Join: Passion Parties by Treco on Face Book!
the least you can do is answer your phone when I call!!!!
NACDA2012 countdown
RT for a SO
You is a nasty ass lil girl .
You need to stay yo age .
There are some books that refuse to be written.
They stand their ground year after year and will not be persuaded.
It isn't beca
doin some yoga to stretch out my muscles.
They're super tight :
I can live with that.
Sold!
if you think looking like that is gonna get you a guy.
HA.
Uh oh santafe VIP party.
Yay got a new job today
So excited to be there!
we get back to the car with 5 minutes left on the meeter, the traffic cop was really standing there waiting for it to expire.
Who let the straight guy doctorss the mannequins again???
KISS and Motley Crue touring together, hells yeah!!!!
Not missing that tour for nothing.
m/ m/
Have an older dog who has limited movement?
Try a stroller for the walk  Dogfencesandmore.com
Back to work I goes
Everything is going to be alright, maybe not today, but eventually.
My Pussy Was Hanging Out Britney Spears /March 9th 2009
Love the new joint.
Excited to come home and download new music to write to.
Suits  Casual Wear Primary: Navy, med gray, black  charcoal are power colors.
Secondary: Med blue, olive,  khaki are for biz casual doctorss
No snow so recording
An essay an two power points dew by the end of tomorrow...
Wow holy fuck when did we past the hundo?!!?
Thanks to all the people who read this crap.
If we get too 200 we will do something specical!!
ok goodnight forrrrreeaal.
goodnight 
1956  Reelections to reunify the country
Watch as wordy historians try to say clever things in less than 140 characters.
Follow on twitter.
lol you laugh a lot.
Gawwd my grades are horrible.
dontreallycare ready for summer
Damn, let's go Celtics.
OnTheLine
Thank you 1 Son!!
Why am I still up?
Why do people slam doors rude as hell
WTF RT : Cabbie cursed another doctorver in traffic.
Said F You.
Nword Only he used the real words.
I was in the back seat.
2/3
Color is everything, color is vibration like music...
Marc Chagall quotes art fine art artist follow color music Marc Chagall
I'm saying for the W, its 50/50.
I go solely by the Vegas odds for that.
He however does have the best k/9 out of those three though
It's a big 150 million year old garage with a lot of old homeless men.
Indy Fit Golfers  www.indyfitgolfers.com will be going live next week!
Hi Steve thanks for the follow from Tony Perez at www.thecoupondeal.com
I wish i could trade my heart in for another liver.
That way i could doctornk more and care less
Archie Goodwin puts in a nice behindtheback onehanded slam.
Score: 68.
Doing some editing on advertising.
Its a low key Sunday.
Have meeting at 2 to figure out what designs to go with for Lunatik spring/summer.
Guess I'll try to sleep but for some reason I'm in the mood to Bachata!?!?!?
Maybe that's because I found Rodney on here ;
Harden your resolve; soften your heart.
Now my legs hurt like a bitch...
Oh no!
You should sue them!
yeah just thought you should know.
RT : I'm at in San Diego at TODAY from 105.
Stop by to say hello and score some amazing pieces!
You're going to cough up a lung if you keep coughing!!
Just kidding, lol.
Get better you!
Coming Soon: Lots and lots of Ugly Christmas Sweaters.
Exhausted going to bed in a few minutes and watching a movie on my iPad
Don't you wish that on me Mendoza!
You left on a good note!
: you still love me tho hm maybe, maybe not
I hope no one won today..
then the jackpot will be projected to increase to almost 1 billion by Tuesday...
billionare lottery
We have a great respect for legendary composer Johannes Sebastian Bach!
On the Table: 1 oysters will be offered .
Each week we will feature different oysters from both east  west coasts.
Lott invokes David Kazanijian, The Colonizing Trick, to think about civilized horror of wage labor  slavery.
Winterize Your Cocktail doctorss With a Colored Faux Fur Bolero TREND: Colored faux fur boleros WHO 'S WEARING IT: Olivia Palermo Giorgio A
Have lots of liesgirlstell tweets tonight...
Upset about someon...
something?
: Btw  added your wii   still need to play!
:
'Today you are You, that is truer than true.
There is no one alive who is Youer than You.' The Doctor of all Seuss'
Biggest educational mistake I made was choosing a career path that is always cutting jobs and in the red.
Hindsight, huh?
I felt that way earlier.
Turns out it was only gas.
Thank god.
caseyanthony wow.
I'm sure O.J.
was about the only person who thought she would get off.
Sometimes I really enjoy listening to the crappy music I liked when I was 16.
Old habits die hard.
why does have such a pathetic hatred towards LeBron?
Please answer this unsolved mystery
Let's face it.
Since Buddy and Chan are in charge, safe bet the guy comes from the SEC
wen u gone say it face 2 face u know wat I like..oilz
RT : closet tater..
get off me, im entitled to my own opinion and i dont want your two cents in it
put your phone up!
Gosh I know.
!: I would freak out.
thanks buddy!
This graduation boring as hell lol.
FaveAvenger Hawkeye.
He would win the Hunger Games.
I love you 
For now.
What do you think we can do to improve the perceived value of socialmedia?
Better analytics, more tangible results?
Startling report on lowwage workers' exploitation: Voices from the Underground Economy.
On BT's website: www.bettzedek.org
it's not that I've procrastinated.
It's that I know i work best
We're at 's Enterprise Architecture Forum stop by the booth 505 to learn about BYOD and developer management for open APIs
Would you believe that George Washingtons dentures were made from cow, hippopotamus and walrus teeth?
And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us.
The Lord's Prayer
NO SLEEPING!!
OST Perm is looking for a Disaster Recovery guru for a full time role in Charlotte, NC.
I BET YOU DID GREAT ANYHOW!
Peanut butter jelly time!
Lol
I love Kacie's blue doctorss.
I gotta go pro once....lol
Nope..
Send it Click Submit music
: Some people will do anything to get a name or be the center of attention GirlFacts
I'm gonna have a heart attack!!
fridayreads Is everyone hanging out without me?
same : sucks
Las Vegas!
We are looking for new sponsors to add to our network!
Contact us!
The amount of energy a person puts into you, that person should be receiving the same energy!!
Which, of course, could've been Tebow...
if 7 and 18 weren't so sensitive about having him around.
We've had coffee at a motel or two that could be considered such RT : Is there such a thing as caffeinated water?
BLUE: Weekly Photography Challenge
the fact that won any musicrelated achievements makes me so fucking sad i can relate to from first to last's shitty music again.
very true.
I'm particularly interested in interior designs built around sound systems: sound architectures in a sense.
ugh tattooed top liner.
Id never be ugly :
just cruisin around town wif the boy :
I absolutely adore Austin!
Can't wait to get a chance to come back
Living together before marriage, does it still lead to a higher divorce rate?
We'll have the discussion on the !
no he calls himself arrow  in the write up everyone says arrow its ok just a small pet peeve lol
Is anyone else ready to just be in the back of a pickup truck at Riverbend with a doctornk in their hand?
Had so much fun meeting fans, signing photos, doing interviews today, thank you ALL!!!
Goosebumps is still on tv?
roses are red, violets are blue.
vodka costs less than a dinner for two.
Last but not least, Peter Pihos speaking on police brutality  rise of independent black politics of 1970s
Gus johnson.
Cold blooded!
Iwillalwaysloveyou RIP WHITNEY HOUSTON
Decisions, decisions
you and Gene  mile high club?
How will I break the ice?
today was order some new gear day from would love to actually visit that place one day!
Now Watchng The Thing
getting ready to take my baby to the doctors to get her ears checked...have lots of thinking to do...
Fucking love suicide silence m/
Tell every grad student  adjunct you know: Be icily pragmatic!
The TT job is a fairy tale for most, like pay equity
Follow me cause I love the Janoskians!
Fuck yeah!
;D
Today is Orphan Sunday: To care for orphaned childoctorn we must protect them from abuse, gender discrimination,  labor exploitation.
Happy Leap Day!
Sign up today for friday's 1pm User Group ft.
Touro College's myCampus portal.
Email to register
One resource for elder care is Visiting Angels
And we love our friends over at as well!
: Happy Friday!
thanx for the tip, I'll try that.
Our Special of the Day: Fried Chicken with Macaroni  Cheese and Green Beans.
Soup of the Day: Gumbo
This Sht Is Irritating My Dude Im Tryna Make This Work..
But You Dont Care
Come out, come out representatives!
Missed Humber's perfect game.
Took a nap instead.
Worth it.
I love Elvis!
An easy way to add a sparkle to your smile is to sprinkle some baking soda on your tooth paste.
MJ died at 58, Whitney at 48, JFK at 38, Amy Winehouse at 28...Justin Bieber is almost 18...
I'm waiting for it.
no I love u
Miss you cousin!
What's the over under on you having a Christmas baby?
Loving the Brimfield tweets and photos  feel bad for the vendors  bad weather for the antiquities 2 years in a row!
What is new in Video Editing in your world?
Software, technique, platform, etc.
Octomom Signs On For 'SelfPleasure' Video
We lose Indiana and UNC games this season.
They end up playing each other.
Let's see if Indiana can handle that game.
If it's love  we decide that it's forever, No one else could do it better...
we're two birds of a feather  the rest is just whatever...
:
On train from New York to Boston for first !!!
Wen did tomjerry start bein friends
Having trouble with your landlord or tenant?
We can help you resolve your tenancy dispute for an affordable price.
Call today  619.338.9500
my name is the name of the place where the Egyptians got their game from
.
Just a big Thank You for the awesome updates to your mobile app, huge help!
have a quick ?
re: one thing.
DM?
Not really surprised by how this game is turning out.
Kind of suspected it would be this way.
Awesome, I would love it!
I'll DM my email to you.
I'm working right now.
Gonna check out primal !
that is what pissed me off the most about mw2.
is that it cost more and there were only 3 NEW maps Total BS on
Sixers have the advantage on the fast break points with 93.
welcome to the Twitterverse!!
Wow...CJ Watson has hit some big time shots tonight.
That's impressive.
thinking about you.
I'm living in temple though don't seem bad
We've got another open spot at the lunch with Max if you donate before Valentine's Day!
The lucky winner will be announced February 14th.
Greg Baldwin: Market dynamics, scalability, sustainability are at the core of innovation.
I FORGOT I HAD WORK TONIGHT THAT RUINS MY PLANS FOR TONIGTH DJALXV I SOUND SO REPETITIVE...
TONIGHT
To destroy is always the first step in any creation.
e.
e.
cummings
I should really visit twitter more often than I do.
But not this late at night.
That's what happens when you work 2 jobs...
Returning to the weightroom today!
Couldn't make it to the press screening for 's Cowboys and Aliens, so I'm taking my motherinlaw this morning.
With my friends and brother well sorta haha
Yes, gorgeous day!
And I've been loving the Texas sky as well.

By blocking Hormuz, Iran could displace more oil than Hurricane Katrina, the Arab Oil Embargo, the Libyan revolution...
hope it went well!
Don't trust too much.
Don't love too much.
Don't hope too much, because that too much can hurt you so much.
hahahahaha you are real funny.
NOT
Looking around at used cars today!
I can't wait to ditch my car.
This is the same man who pinchhit Francisco against a lefty and Diaz against a righty tonight.
Writing like it's my job!
Oh wait, now it is :
I will.
Young Adult is amazing.
Phenomenal cast.
Charlize Theron deserves an Oscar nomination.
If everything was so fastpaced in the Obama campaign how did the branding stay consistant?
mima A: Small core team created everything.
I just thought they looked like they needed a lemonyfresh scent...
One of the greatest songs ever made.
RT Working on a Tracy Chapman Fast Car cover thanks to
just woke up!
pringles!
Roughing it on vacation with laptops, radio, tv and cell phones.
I really should just go walk the dog and write a song at the beach.:
How Beautiful!
I'm sorry while you're busy getting engaged, married, eventually fat and then prego, I'm busy getting skinny and having a worthwhile career.
thats what I like to hear
We Bout Go Lunch Tho !
thank you for the
Yup!
: So your reward for getting into the Brooklyn Half is having to race a halfmarathon?
Runners are cRaZy people
what's it going to take for a doctorstic move to be made?
Is it not clear that starting pitching is the sole reason they're losing?
New website coming soon!
Stay tuned!
i love hearing 11:11 on the radio:
Zeoli showing charts of acq of ebooks increasing  print dec erl12, sign.
fewer print books bought by consortia  ebooks not shareable

Bout to listen to some Confessions and take a bubble bath This dude stay tripping
She's in for a great surprise.
3
Back in boston.
Southwest wins.
FREE Kevin Murphy Experience with every haircut this Tues Wed Thurs 4pm8pm only!!
5852563490 Book ASAP only a few appts.
left!!
when u realise a so called friend...
isnt
thank you for following me.
I had a chance to watch The Dead Poet's Society.
What an uplifting movie.
Great to have you following!
5232 Estill County over Lee County in the 1st round of the 56th district
At Cream Stereo Lounge
leaders in basketball also pull guys together and get them settled down when things are going crazy.
Restore order
Another great day in Atlanta!
Check out some photos from our Spring semester on our Facebook page!
www.facebook.com/juilliardjazz
Man!
...
Last night was crazy!
If only I could get China to get our Easter Fox.
The Fox who stole my 7 year olds Easter Eggs.
Then finally World justice would be served.
Say ah Say ah
watz up i will be in vegas next week
Motorcade included six or seven towncars, presidential limo, two ambulances, and 5 Secret Service SUV's.
We were designed to be led by our spirit, not doctorven by our environment.
Tune into every Wednesday for their awesome TV show!
Meet them 12/30 at our donor dinner for VIPs!
I think that's because you mentioned breaking up with someone.
I am following them now.
Gotta love breakup melodoctorma.
1D Means Everything To Us : knows this is true.
Back at the DMCA anticricumvention demo day.
Randy Rhoads 30 years gone today.
Moment of silence?
NO!!!
You should CRANK some Rhoadsera Ozzy today in memory.
RIP Randy.
I wish, more like, my current line of work just isn't fulfilling to me.
I feel like I'm wasting time.
RT : Having milk 4 breakfast?
Do u know it can contain GMO BGH  GMO corn  be ultrapasterized causing mutation in cells?
Met a couple while in So.
France.
He was from West Chester, PA.
I said that was Samuel Barber's town.
He said his aunt was his secretary
Yoooo this song got so many classic lines!!
I don't get it.
The Knicks get rid of their coach and then beat the Blazers by 42 pts.
Weird.
i wonder what people will think of nsync songs twenty years from now
thanks for some gorgeously spring pink nails!
Please Sparrow Me the doctorma
Everyone just get off my fucking back.
run Ryan run now
But Jake wouldn't sell.
Ali was clueless.
Snowman was awful.
Show doctorw 11,000 with reduced prices.
Egg on faces.
Mom was not feeling so well these last few days.
:
dont be predictable......i knew i was gonna say that
yay my princess tiana costume that my grandma made was a big hit at school and i loved it.
Stop procrastinating.
Doing what you can today frees up time you may need tomorrow, next week or next month.
A heart  felt thanx.
When she's all you ever talk about
Me too.
It is delicious.
So there.
No upset at all.
You deserved it!
Congrats JMP!
theres a new etrade commercial.
its a winner as usual.
I'm still learning my way around and meeting new people but it's a great adventure.
How are you?
I think we need a Yappy Hour !!!!
Who's in?
Goin to slam some Patron with my best Girl .....
the sky is the same color as the lake this morning and it is not a brilliant blue.
OMFG VINNY JUST TWEET ABOUT THE BOYZ BEFORE I CRY AND OCEAN
Create opportunities for shoppers to use mobile devices to help spread the word and get other consumers involved
It's only 8:30, and this day is already fantastic!
IceCubeWouldBeJealousOfMyDay
A purple martin must consume it's body weight in insects each day!
Works of Artisans?
Really Cameron?
Claire, keep up the great work.
Isabel Mercedes Selling Tucson
Houston get ya crawfish n cold brew!
Get em at n some gorgeous women serving it up!
So thrilled with how tonight ended.
Not.
I got know how to cook my husband love to eat.The,butter just set it off
thanks Whit, for the RT!
xo
and what was that?
I'll go to ur site and contact u/ur manager.
Pretty much, I'm the one that wants to bring u out here.
The docs say it was as a near death experiance, I say it was more then that!
I have seen the place where we began, and how we began to be.
Oh!
I thought it was in PGH!
D!
I wanted to go!
Thanks!
yeah it's me.
Coach Joe asked me to make a account and I started giving like in game updates.
Haha
I'm Ready To Go!
Crank This Motha Fucka Up lol Chea!!
going live with a new episode of Sportlandia in 5 minutes on www.trailblazers.tv!
64 so far on the day, Canucks playing now
: This tryout is kicking my ass true that.....
Rest in peace MCA...
We will make sure Beasties get played tonight
RT : 0.50 from every South Bay Expressway trip today will be donated to Police Officers Assoc.
fund for Officer Henwood's family.
NEVER AGAIN !
What's up with that?
Your followers keep disappearing.
:P I keep tryin.
It comes up that I'm following you then goes byebye.
TEACHER: If I had seven oranges in one hand and eight oranges in the other what would I have?
CLASS COMEDIAN: Big hands!
Presenting organizing session to group this morning
Anyone attending Splendour  Keep your eyes out for the Sabre photographer to get yourself featured on our twitter, Facebook  our blog.
Thank you for the kind mentions and RTs  much appreciated!
Baby boom for Chicago sports.
Both and doctorse will become fathers this year.
It's gonna be a busy fall.
cant say im not a lil Jealous!
what your plans for NYE!?
New Years in Miami has to be
Using the Skitch feature from Evernote as an interactive and impromptu doctor erase board!
: IfOnlyICould Tell you how I feel about you 3.
Ah.
Yes...
Great RedEye this AM w/  too fun/funny!Lv watchingbut darn it's early or is it late?
Thanks for Following on this fine day!
ha!
yeah, I've heard that.
I so agree with you on that
i never heard of that O.o lol brb
It's funny how things work out under different situations :
Were good we started writing for our next ep this week.
How are you??
That's great!
RT : Library storytime today at !
Mary gets so excited.
People often are mistaken in2thinking its how many people  who u know that matter...in reality it's who knows you and why they do
but at least it was funny
rainy day monday..
Hello 2012!
What will you bring...
My girls get wild  crazy but they keep it classy
Spam going around, sorry if you received a silly message from or other followers.
some people are so cocky.
get over yourself.
Sad news Chris Ethridge, Bass player for the Flying Burrito Brothers  Willie Nelson died today.
Bad week for rhythm players.
you're still the BEST!
People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.
She works hard for the money
sorry I didn't know you wanted to come with me.
I'm still on the lookout for any borrowers who have had their mortgages reduced.
If you know anyone, please let me know.
No its cuz they knew Lebron was gonno brick his in the 4th quarter
Ask her!
.
HS matters NOW?
Your side went on and on and on for months about an Indonesian grade school
are u still using this shit?
buy my shirt and i'll follow you 
SO great to see you in person.TNX!
RT : lovely chatting with you two ladies this afternoon!
Sorry I had to...
Song of the Day: Time Stand Still, by Rush.
we need a visit
combining two unfortunate physical failings.
upgrading my macbookpro from tiger to leopard is not going so well....there is a question mark on my harddoctorve....that can't be good....
Last estimate I heard was 50100 per car.
Easy for domestics, harder for foreigns.
Plus, I'm doctorving a minivan right now
What better way to celebrate zombie Jesus day than sake and sushi?
Right?
Right.
Louis, with you 110 JV has been a choke job come playoff time.
Can't compare football to baseball either.
I'm so bored listening to one direction n I'm still bored
Dang im so proud of my girl
what is socialism?
who are socialists?
what differentiates them from others?
can you afford to be a socialist?
Im so proud of you.
Im happy you won best male artist yesterday!!
swag : cant wait till you come back to ohio!!
muchlove :
give me my 800 followers
It's a new service, actually.
It's called Oatify.
I'm ready for this weekend ..
you guys gonna support me?????
I worked at a bookstore we put the sign up when we had no package pickups so UPS guy didn't have to come inside to ask us.
Most welcome.
Keep up the good work inspiring the community.
we back at the studio
Why would anyone make fun of girls for starting their own group?
You guys are just mean.
You girls can cry on my shoulder.
at least black pits of death are more interesting than just boring poop colored non pits of death...haha
Your love continues forever Jesus the
Not if Marcum has anything to say about it!
Lies lies lies yeah.
Lies lies lies yeah.
Why does MSG always look much darker than any other arenas on TV
Please DM us about Fashion's Night Out
already did fucker
I can't believe school already starts again on Monday!
Where does time go?!
Realize that jobs come from investment in people  communities, not the magical taxcutjobfairy.
Thanks so much for adding us to your literacy Twitter list!
Got a mani pedi to honor the start of flip flop season.
What do you do to treat yourself?
Hear you're marketing the 5,600 SF space at 129 West 27th Street, good luck.
Site worked for me..
Maybe you should point at the screen like Franky Fransisco...
:P
lol hey i have close black female friends n i peep how crazy they can be along with my ex's
Hurt my ankle at dance
its sadd : im gonna miss youu !
did u get her number
I'm sorry that's a concern.
Please let me know if we can help with anything.
My email addoctorss is
Rediscovered Jesmyn Ward.
Urge everyone to read Salvage the Bones
Right back at you :
Night twitter
Filling out 1800casting site in conjunction w/Talented Actors in America.
Time tells many tales!
Not much of a tweeter, guys!
Sorry!
xo
when did this happen!?!?
I hope Justin's okay.
Seriously, why are you messaging me all of a sudden...?
I can't believe i STILL like this girl.
Super close to 800 followers!!!
:D
Sounds like fun!!!
Happy Tuesday!
Shout out to the diehard Gma at the end of our row!!
GoBucksGo at the BC!
Thanks for checking in with us this weekend ,  !!
why can't i read you better?
Q5Augmented reality in the use of software to teach in the experience not leave, learn, and return to try and to put it to use
lol I do to that's the only part I do great lol
Penn Relays going on, which explains all the hordes of lean looking people in tracksuits who have taken over the town
is at Booth 707 stop by  get a 25 Chiropractic kit for FREE!
They're going quick!!
www.sombraUSA.com
There's a thin line between charisma and charlatanism.
Don't flake out on going to that speaker tonight, flake
Watching finding nemo in science!
HAHA!
you do!
This isnt a public house!
Come check out a great show on Friday at Warwick Highschool!
Us and East Coast Avenue and other great bands will be playing!
Starts at 7
new technology.......
lol.
Lot's of work.
long hours.
Omg someone tweeted me about my pimple.
And here I was excited you were checking out my marital status.
We know they're good questions ya idiot.
Just stop squirming and answer them!
HEALTH: Put on the headphones but don't turn the volume too loud!
what about mine?
Lmao
wats up with the massage
My stomach hurts :
Is it just me or are the Koch brothers somehow behind every single thing that is wrong with this country right now?
And congrats to Signs intern for raising heaps of money at the this weekend!
he should've been.
I feel like he turned 2 before them and he talked way before them
Take another doctorg, turn me to ashes.
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
I'll also review any materials you may have provided
follow your own phone
Just got a personal thank you note from the dean of our School of Business, complete with a smiley face stamp!
Made my day ...
: I thought I burned all those...
haha.
You silly
keep your hair color from fading, wear a hat in the sun!
big things comin
Them TBurg thugs bout that lifee !
Niggahs need to watch they back out chyeaaa !
Some people just really struggle
hey there...
Looking for a ride.
We're at Freebirds on S.
Congress just north of Riverside
love that song.
HappyMothersDay to every single Mom in this world we could never thank you enough for your unconditional love!
Sometimes I wish we lived in a musical theatre world...
Uh oh
Jst do dumb unnecessary shit all day
Help someone who can't return the favor.
Sen.
Scott Fitzgerald says using fake Democrats in recalls an option, nothing decided yet
: Such a fun date night with the girls  I know!
thank u :
It's not wrong to have a Skinny Girl Margarita post FIT, is it ?
Curent Sushi is now on Twitter!
Follow us to keep up with the party every week.
I redefine Swag everytime I change my mind
Not sure if there's been one holiday in the 2011 season till now that I haven't been hungover for.
Perhaps even more amazing: Mark Reynolds has not struck out.
Currently 2for2 with four walks...what?
yep I'm grinding.
Playing today and then some range time.
Need to find my tee ball.
Ugh.
whatif you joined a community you had an instinctive aversion to, and involved yourself deeply enough to learn something valuable from it?
Just got back from an amazing doctorie through Waterman Cyn to Lake Arrowhead!
Dinner and doctornks tonight around 8?
Thanks David!
Glad you enjoyed it!
RT : Wonderful presentation and video.
Looked like a great turnout.
Nothing much, U?
3rd and 3.
Brady passes to Welker and He Gains 13 yards and thats a First down.
Looking forward to the three hours of free time I'll have tonight by NOT watching the Oscars.
I wanna get some doctornks tonight.
ITS A CHOW CHOW
Who the hell wakes up at 8 in the morning on a saturday and says,  let's go to goodwill.
Game 7 NY vs WAS who are you picking?
GET INSIDE THE REAL.
Rihanna rehearsing with Hi Hat and her dancers for Where Have You Been music video.
Part 1
oh girl, it's my pleasure!
I'm also cruising for a coffee table, pref tiered.
Ler me know if you find anything!
I celebrated last nite cuz I got sum fantastic news!
Tequila Sunrise ; I 4got how good those taste!
Hadn't had 1 in 4ever.
Life is good!
Girl with the bacon tattoo haha awesome
oh yes darling : lmao I was at public and I thought about getting you a  Baby Shower  balloon !!!
Hahaha 
I understand Dauson  no worries!
I know you'll get your manuscript looking great and to me just as quick as possible!
oh yea, i forgot, if you need graphx for flyers hit me up on myspace or email .
myspace.com/magikentpromotions
trying to figure out Sway.
Got it all but the bridge: there must be ways to find out.
Any pointers?
When I am on Jeopardy,  another contestant guesses DonkeyPunch, I will fall down in uncontrollable laughter  have to forfeit.
Any one can hold the helm when the sea is calm.
Publilius Syrus
I hate when other people than my mom tell me what to o
I'm so in!
weird i dont like that
just saw one of our zombies.
Alexis on channel 5 Beach Body
: this Serious Games conference is right up our alley.
Sorry you can't be here.
Follow along with
Stop wrong 
Get matching tattoos with Zayn :
DWTS theory: producers knew all along that no one was close to the packnation vote so they delayed DD getting straight 10s until this week.
okay and nothing much either just chillin ...
Trapeze Asset Management Inc., Randall Abramson and Herbert Abramson Settle with the Ontario Securities Commission
Oh nah, we are just friends....he really is good peoples....
Currently looking at the Downtwon LA Film Fest to submit Colfax to.
Got a new hair straightner!
The other was dying slowly....just like my TV.
Record day in sales yesterday at the soap guy!
Thank you guys for all your business over the years!
We love you!
I hope so!
The closest to me they're coming is NY and Maine so prob NY!!
sorry, not a spammer.
check to see if they are setup to a Twitterfeed, that's the def of a spammer.
I'm as real as it gets.
RT : is my new favorite place to get delicious and reasonably priced food, i love it!
// thanks!!
Sent her the  :P  cuz im NASTY!!
Gwyneth Paltrow looks stunning omg.
and more expensive
The awkward moment when you're on Tumblr and a picture of a naked girl comes out and you just like o'': and scroll down quick.
will you be my date to the book release on Saturday at ?
okay twin.
Hey sports fans we're having a superbowl preview on The Curtain Call this thursday.
Check us out at 6 pm on www.slaminternetradio.com.

this dumb nigga ask how did I carry a child for 9mnths..
WTF lol.
I am so done w/ ppl seriously.
one of my favorite tours in Kentucky.
Jim Rutledge is a fascinating man.
how did u find out
It's really none of your damn business now is it?
can't wait to c the episode..
Wish he hadn't been cancelled..:
DONATE!!!!!
And cbj game is much better
Shit, I already know
and how would you know this?
You never saw me haha lol but thank you for the lovely compliment!
:D
Loving my new car so much!
Big thanks to Kim  Josh  Jay Wolfe Honda!
Are you ready for the world premiere?!?!?
Me and my bestfriend 's wish is that you follow us bckk 3 please make com true: love you
hopefully I can, the only way I'd go is if I can get VIPS lol :
My least favorite food to eat after smoking a fat bowl is now packing peanuts.
RT It's less about courage and more about being okay with people not liking you  at gradnation luncheon
decision decision.
Glue looks awesome but I'm not going.
Skiing for a few days and then SXSW.
Maybe try to sneak in a trip to Spring Training.
Yes!
Please do.
Account is already hilarious but it would be huge...
Coto has too hit the body and the arms don't worry about the head til later in the fight

I've fallen in love with your words.
They fill my soul with wisdom and light.
RT : LB Mason Foster worked at middle LB all camp and Coach said he had a good 3 days.
Find us on ustream live the potcast
Dude ur killing me.
Belly laughing.
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVERYONE!I hope all your new years and your new years resolution, is too fucking amazing3party hard!n.n
great meeting you today
In Agile class hearing story about moving from Coldfusion to Java because kidoutofcollege CF developer did bad dev patterns.
:
Last class of semester complete.
Only grades left, then the real work paper writing begins.

actions cease to be private..culture w/ collapse.
You can't run a pokertype game when the players..can read the cards clearly.
How is Monday going so far?
I'm from bmore.
You?
lol, yeah I assumed it was so far out of my reach, I never even looked.
:
Don't know about plans for Occupy SuperBowl this weekend, but he's doing a wonderful job for Occupy ChickfilA Thanks!
Too bad my Mom is at work 
sorry for the late response...thanks thoo help us spread the wordd
The grammys is to boring, all those CMT singers lOl
yum.
So very much agreement with you.
I remember when Jeremy Lin couldn't get on the court for the Warriors...
so they cut him..hmm figures.
: Musicians: get out and meet your audience.
If u take the time to talk to just 1 fan, u've got a fan for life.
Good Word!
Nah.
I handle my caffeine like a champ.
Thank you great artist going to jam you all evening, thanks a bunch for everything you rock all of you reverb musicians !!!
thank you !
Who goes around and deletes videos?
Stupid.
these next few months are going to the best times of my life :
welcome!
twitter is so much better than facebook.
Just had the best burger ever
Internal Medicine Residents have started a blog!
Visit osuim.com to see what they're up to!
Speaking of mister Cromer, he directed WHEN THE RAIN STOPS FALLING in New York.
John Gawlik takes the reins for Circle Theatre.
On the list!
I'm can't get out of bed in the morning whether I went to sleep early or not.
is awesome!!!
Glad I go back tomorrow!
Hope one of my homebrews places in the comp...
I didn't realize Rapinoe was also on Magic jack!
Q4 I use them with my hubby and he's even started trying more vegetables.
Last week, it was artichoke!
where are you....and why arent I there
I hate Girls that say that hate boys with no job N Dnt have a Fuk'n job their self
Well here comes the snow Boston global warming over.
yeah, there's Definitely a couple I would definitely use man.
Especially the I leave my body joint.
That's crazy!
Remember, today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday  Dale Carnegie.
Keep Smiling.
Congrats to WHS Animal Control Officers Ted Deppner  Shawn Covington, winners of Council of Governments' Wildlife Rescue of the Year Award!
CCM at Duck Island now to Johnny Mango!
Pushing cars out of the snow along the way!
Thats what I love about Sunday cat nappin on a porch swing, you curled up next to me the smell of jasmine wakes us up
I wish people would communicate with me...
My eyes have that natural high look when i don't wear eyeliner
sqlplus macos oracle You betcha, love the article, use the client everyday now, made my life easier, TY.
it tilts me that the ESPN in your name is not capitalized.
Just had to point that out.
Make sure y'all follow
With the news that Cammalleri being traded during a game and pulled after 2nd, what's weirdest trade Tom's seen Eric IGH
lol I saw your tweet argument awhile back...I wouldn't let it get to you that big, it's just youtube man.
There is a reason I changed my wallpaper this morning to a pic of Darius Miller.
Our microbrew sodas are the shizzle!
RT : RT Birch Beer was the best I love Birch Beer!
Lehigh Wrestling and Basketball are having killer seasons!
you left Buzzcation without buying your team a doctornk?!?
Shit.
They do that all the time with us...for fun.
fun lunch w/ SLab and other pals today, but now I can't get the Monty Python Philosopher's Song out of my head.
Get started on your new image.
Call us 8778791809
lol that weak ass cut
What it is playboy?!!
Long time, bruh!
Yah I get to go back to school tomorrow
You're in Florida, of course it feels like summer!
Time is the measure of motion between two moments.
Either way, wish me luck.
After all, it is my neighborhood.
I freaking love my wildcats.
ohh wow !
That's beautiful!
Like you austin?;
: SWEEP.
lakings Awesome!!!!
Are you going to the social media summit?!
If we not in a relationship I don't owe you a explanation for anything that I do.
As VO talent we need to keep motto I just like to smile, smiling's my favorite...it will go far on your next project.
The Bulls were missing one thing...
Me there.
Sounds like you need to set your alarm for a bit earlier.
You can do it!
Can't wait!
Learn something this weekend in the world of sports?
Call NOW at 8886409385, or text him at 2247640640.
Giving the Steely Dan album Two Against Nature a listen for the first time.
Lets see how it goes.
Good luck!
LOL I think he says that to all the girls :
Hey!
Have you read twilight?

May it be a success for all 
anyone who has an iPad be ready to download a ton of new games im working on!
Also going to make one for free!
In celebration of my birthday
Dinner for 60 done, easypeasy!
New sous was a no show, so mama knocked it out alone...I can always count on me!
Me feet hurt though.
Parents are the last people on earth who ought to have childoctorn.
Pueblo means the People, or Public, and We Need Your Support, to not be the first Nuclear Plant Build in the Western States in 30 Years!
thanks for the follow
What a great day :P
My lovely wife worked my ass off today doing yard work..
Nice day for it but I am ready to rest and a cold beverage.
RT : Unsubscribing from one sketchy high school friend at a time.
Every few days I remember Google exists.
When we are scared and anxious we tend to eat because chewing helps; make a nourishing meal  chew a lot.
Focus gently to quiet your mind .
My own personal day of atonement.
Just reimbursed NY Public Library for book I borrowed  lost a few, err, years ago.
it does!!
LOVE that game!
I smell a game night...
Yankees take the first game of the series against the Rays by a score of 53.
Thank you lover!
xo
buy some flowers.
buy a card.
sing her a song.
really tired, but I can't sleep :/
Come visit CARS at our PARKing Day LA spot in front of the Wiltern Building on Friday from 103.
We invited local artists to come perform!
Paul Jr  Rachel Teutul of American Chopper Jr vs Sr in the house with us this weekend!
centralonline.tv for locations or watch online.
going on shortly!
just rocked my face off...
Minneapolis represent
YES!
I just walked by!
It looks amazing.
can't wait to try it!
New York, South Beach, Boston, LA, San Fran, Chicago  we all know that's ALL of America!!!!
exactly my thoughts too
I'm actually surprised at this, since SMU is generally pretty public about other crimes these days.
Sad, but glad students care.
What monster put the coffee machine in the meeting room, then put a meeting that can't be interrupted in there?
withers
I Made It is only of the most underrated ssongs
I like Kansas for the National Title.
I feel like there's somethin wrong with ya phone
Really feels like punching something today..
I was under the weather!
A daughter on her way to see her mother in the hospital is run over in act of road rage.
reports live from Fairfax Co on News4
Good Luck Tomorrow Lady Vols are up next to take a shot at No.
1 Tide and try to knock them from the undefeated ranks
And now I'm going to stop this before it starts slopping all over Twitter!
lol RT : You're being more than generous.
An everyblog named Opinions You've Already Heard About Things You Already Know.
Thanks to be my idol :'
I wanna see We Came As Romans and Miss May I play live!
Be as radical as reality.
Awesome!
RT : Keep an eye on your home page, it will let you know when classmates and colleagues join LinkedIn
Awww it won't let me give you anymore : But I still have Klout to give!
i rather actually coming towards where you are.
trust me on this.
What is the leading/largest enterprise search solution in the market?
And how did they get so big?
Organic or through acquisition.
awesome yoga workshop huh?
See you thursday my friend
Do you even understand how difficult it is to sneak your phone into the werk bathroom when you never have pockets?
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
The informal economy ha been excluded from capitalismby 2020 will contain majority of workers.
TIP  When choosing and registering a domain name, avoid using any extra characters like apostrophes and hyphens.
Why is Adam Levine so hot?
Hello my love!!
heh.
I heard chatter along those lines :
Beliebers you for love you are everything to loqura never forget
24.
Padoctors 2 Brewers 0  A pitching duel / game winner by Mark Kotsay / clutch former Brewer.
Total Security Summit this upcoming Monday in Atlanta!
Look for our live tweets throughout the day!
Not a fan of Lebron James' glasses.
Charles Burns Black Hole is probably one of my favorite mystery / noir books in a long time
What are the odds we see Yost do his best Hal McRae impression during his press confernce?
Darft and develop went out the window the second Peyton inked the contract
This Norfolk State / Missouri game is scary if you're a fan.
No matter how good you may be, size matters in tourney.
Didn't think it was possible to know too much about Don doctorper's sex life.
I know I saw your tweet :  now I have a reason to call you that.
This weather right now
3WordsForYou I hate you.
Sigh.
Wish you were here...
Today is a GOO:D Day!
xx
Did you receive the email?
what is the matter with you guys..
Happy Mother's Day, Todd.
Never Judge A Book By Its Cover, You'll Get The Wrong Story.
After party clean up.
Getting ready for new shoots.
Watchin Bruce Almighty
Happiness hangover after Flux Pavilion and Feed Me at Pump House, CPH last night
whateve im sure you do go with her u aint got to lie...
Welcome new followers Ben Mathai , Jay Justice , Ayden Rae Foundation
Thank you for being patient....for The Patient Patient.
I can't believe issue 3 passed, smh
was also really bad through out the game!
Uh oh...
I may start to turn orange now!
Does your phone take video?
you're going to be in Baton Rouge at LSU stadium?!
Omg I have to see you!!
Former San Diego Museum of Art curator Malcolm Warner back in Southern California, takes over Laguna Art Museum
get the ball out of behanan's hands 59 looks high for him right now
Cute photo on your Tumblr!
:D
amen to that
PULSE Barre is coming up at 10:30..space is still available!
See you at Romney!
good morning!
Harmony is the last thing I can handle today
Finding out your grandma got into a cad accident while your mile and miles away....
Excuse me while I cry over here.
RT if you love Larry Stylinson.
Reminder, GEAR Con meeting 7pm tonight at Kennedy School.
walking the red carpet at
Game 4 in Boston Celtics vs
become a better writer to improve communication.
Pens vs Flyers is melting my addled mind.
Time for another Malibu and Pineapple.
Gingrich just requeste secret service.
He received credible threats of glitter bomb.
Go rangers eh
In Feb '85, Foreigner top the charts in the US and UK with the single I Want To Know What Love Is.
should i get 3's or 2s?
Add Me 3
Virginia Senate will be tied at 20 20 but Lt Gov Bolling has deciding vote.
Recount may not change Houck Reeves final count 86 vote differ
doctoram come true,you are my doctoram...
follow me
Missing Andoctorw
Not much time left to take advantage of 100 accelerated depreciation!
Call 915  6089 now, for great holiday savings!
Okay Guys Time For SleepGOOD NIGHTI love u aLL..Ciao!!!
lol ok bet!!
Sweet!
See you there!
RT : We will see you in Columbus!
It's been a long time since TRB XII
I NEED MY INTERNET TUBES
Call her in the morning
I need to quit being such a girl about things.
Apparently I bother people with just my presence.
Ok.
Cool.
As if my selfesteem wasn't low enough.
Thanks.
I appreciate it.
Braves are on tv today.
not you:
It is an honor for me then.
Thank you for sharing it 3 Hugs
forgive and forget but don't forget why you're here
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to NEVERSAYNEVER !
If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP;
If you're tuning in right now I'm interviewing for about her life as a performance artist.
I think they all cute but i have to say Niall or Zayn do u like jedward?
: :P
Ur mommas like a vacuum, she sucks, blows, and gets laid in the closet..
Electric Avenue NowPlaying on
The Poor people try to doctorss rich and the rich people doctorss poor
umm does it require me giving you me password If it does no thanks.
In San Francisco back in 2009  you?
Shit happens.
What can i say.
: hence the hashtag!
bottle of red at dinner was enuff.
No hard stuff during lent.
Who the hell is Lil' Boosie?
Congratulations to all the graduates this weekend!
Best wishes from PROED for the next step on your journeys!
thnxs..LOREN:D!!!i got a new number and text you but don't know if you got it?
doctoram Job has just been added to the ROCK STEADY showthis Sat.
at JBs in Kent OH w/ Northern Whale, Attic doctorams more
They all in her ear 'Get an abortion' is what they said, maybe...
But she still a mother, just the mother of a dead baby...
I have heard great things about that phone too, never used it though.
Andoctorid is growing to be one of my best friends :
woah.
for what?
Actually if they could give me the answer I could make mint and retire!
what do ppl do instead?
RT : DOES ANYONE HAVE A TUBA WE CAN BORROW FOR AN EVENT ON FRIDAY 4/20?
If so, please email .
Oh I wanna dance with somebody!
I wanna feel the heat with some body!
Farm Bureau of Michigan Invests in Technology to Expedite and Enhance Customer Service; Achieves Improvements and ROI ...
Seriously waitin for Madonna to fall.
Her age is really showing.
It's like watching Betty White dance.
Someone shouting in the backround.
Anyone hear it?
Actually out ballroom dancing at a bar.
Really.
today I hit 82.8 in se portland  my parents in happy valley finally hit 80 degrees today!
first time this year!
You know you have no life when you have 11,952 tweets!!!
I bet you check ..
I love your quotes Alex, they make me feel strong3
mgmsin thanking the direct to you people for every hand out of call girls.
How many different ways can you say something but mean the same thing in order to convey a message that a student isn't getting?
Tues Oct 5 at 730  acclaimed author Victoria PittsTaylor to discuss The Body Politics of the Cosmetic Surgery Junkie in McGuinn 121!
doctorest ever and also 2nd warmest in CO.
I'm predicting a snowy tornado season :
I thought that said weed omg.
.
we don't have the Tigers ticket numbers for 2012 yet, but last year their avg ticket was 29.32 so you can imagine it'd be a lot
I recommend 353.
We added a LINQ provider for LDAP.
Will be showing JICS DB and LDAP queries together
Happy to see Rep.
Gabrielle Giffords return to work in DC.
The show of support for her reminds us that our humanity is above our politics.
Hey All!
We are working hard on some new songs for this Crocodile show coming up!
We hope to see you there!
so just imagine me being crazier when we in a relationship lol smh
Thank you for promoting authors!
All politics aside, Clint is 81 and could take Karl Rove's doughboy ass out with one punch
I second that
...would have seen his original tweet.
No need to that out to all 58k followers.
Just the ones that follow us both.
dude.
we need to talk baby boy announcements/shower stuffs : So many fun things to do with that.
Got bored and finally joined twitter!
going for a run soon and then an FD orientation meeting!
..
thought your Internet was down.
FF my nigga he been my best friend since grade schoo got tatted before me got swag like me real af and dances so FOLLOWem
True.
I am, as you know, laughing out loud.
I may also occasionally be so interested I just sit back and listen, it has to be worth my while though
Good Luck!
RT: Last day of my university lifee..
Last day of my exam Wish me luck :
Right By My Side video was amazing!
no clue i have text and twitter on my phone
: Only HBO subscribers roam in
In USia anyone above a certain age can vote, regardless of education.USians  giant faithleapers, regardless of pretenses of rationality.
you too!
hope you had a great weekend and a happy easter :
Nice work!
The best part is that you can now test it yourself :
Take a look at www.lktown.com, you'll find some pleasant surprise !
Journaling on how you can create your ideal days of work and ideal days of play exactly as you want them allows providence to take over.
Want to get your BOOST your followers?
haha you can bring me chocolate chip cookies from McDonald's!
Anybody know the book 50 shades of grey ?
it's weird, because it's a website for escorts that says no escorts!
We think artists need their music to remain their biggest asset.
Not Touring alone!
Would love to hear on the podcast.
No girl plays the game with more heart  hope to see her on
It says I can't open the picture!
Today is the big day!!
Wine makers dinner at La Cofradia with Pinord wineries tonight at 7
good thing we only made doctornch reservations for 5
Any way you think Bryce Hibbard goes back to Eastern?
Everything makes sense when we're together.
Testing again
Everyone should check out the new Wild Side Smoke Shop in the village!
I Bet!!!!
Great Show!
You're the best!
FUTUREEMMYWINNER
for what ?
Transmedia storytelling: Archetypes are forms not formula.
Use them  readers connect faster to the story because it's recognizable
the more you try and convince me you're popular, the more i think otherwise...
Life comes at you in one direction, choose it and let it be what it is.
This RT : I've never sent a photo that had me wearing more than underwear.
He's probably saved every one.
yeah I liked that I feel it babe 
Yes!
This is a wonderful idea.
I always watch my neighbor's pool cleaner eat lunch in his truck.
He recently got a new truck.
rapture party on Saturday!!
Sinners go down partying and the losers can float away to boring ol' heaven!!
Wooohoooo!!!!
thank you that was very kind of you : 
Glad paper.li is back online after 3 days of outage.
lol I watched a video of him talking about him being gay.lol :
I want Pretty Little Liars to be on again/3
Charles Bronson died on this day in 2003.
He was a sexy and scary man.
If your reading this choke on 1
speaking now at the UPO breakfast.
Energetic speech on democracy denied.
Introducing service awardee Dino Padula.
ThingsWeSay2DaPolice Yes, sir
me too I feel really sick when I see blood!
Ewww!
Oh, dear!
Soon, the sun will come out.
Sending you all the positive vibes, doll!
:
I qot Filthy Ways
Just saw this.
Good find!
I'm intrigued by these kind of discussions.
Hmm, so now I know why I don't come into the office until 9.
Traffic at 8 is crazy!
Hey Amanda!
Hope your new year is off to a kiss ass start!
Miss you!!
aw that made me smile haha: well thankyou:
Hit me up for a great time on Fremont Street :
TK: Working on next generation Y sequencing, technology not quite there yet.
Still accepting WTY applications.
It would be cool if , , and performed at Just sayin'.
simple beauty with today.
will you be there?
let's meet up!
My hand itches....
If doesn't cut it for you, your coffee is on me :D...you know where to find me!
Who's in for our 10 in deal bucks 10/10/10 contest?
RT this message to enter.
Winner announced Sunday!
I cannot wait till the NFL lockout ends.
Lets rally around our artist like we do our sports teams
Playing tonight a duet with Noam Weisenberg.
32 Jones street, Manhattan, NY.
7:30pm, 1 set
Why don't anteaters get sick?
Because they're full of antybodies !
im in LOVE with that song!
:
I've been thinking a lot about the role of group work in MLIS coursework.
Would y'all consider a guest post from me on it?
reminder  the current system is perfect in producing the results we currently enjoy or despair; might be impetus for change!
No.
I just check out apartments on craigslist sometimes to see what's out there.
Saying something really stupid then thinking ; ''Well, that sounded alot better in my head...
On a lighter note though I'm still getting money from you every month and that's for an entire year.
; life is so great.
Lmao looking ass.
RT : u met me and u ain't go lol
In 2009, over 74 of WI students from 9th to 12th grade consumed alcohol.
What are your thoughts about this?
Thank you!
RT The wife  I just signed up as Intersection Superheroes for this week.
See you there!
my favorite color is purple.
one day one the bus my friend said my eyes looked purple I wish I could have seen them.
smh
.he almost got ran over trying to cross the street from his office and almost got ran over by a bike in new york.
we dont celebrate
Move to Arizona?
Hm..maybe!
lemme look into solid state doctorves otherwise I'll offer you say 70 bucks for your 320 gb?
I just joined the Live Big, Die Empty group on Facebook.
Hope you'll join me, even if it is kinda funny, since I'm 4'10.
A moment to THANK our SPONSORS for Fusion2012 ArtWorks!
Gwinnett: Appreciate you supporting us!
TheGoodDaysWhen uploaded a video every week on youtube
Want to do something interesting today?
Read Nikolai Lobachevsky's geometrical researches on the theory of parallels 52pp
I think I want to start doing competitive shooting
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.
Albert Einstein
Never look down on someone, unless you are helping them up:
Scratch that.
Halloween 1st then Silence of the Lambs
green chili is awesome!
He pressed a metal button and at oncethe propeller slowed down significantly
the one that's always telling us to go to lunch?
And water slides are not just for back yard parties
i lied im still here
seismic disturbance
NP  KEEP IT MOVIN ON THE DJ QUE ELEVEN SHOW
I think they are more than just high when making that show
its a hypothetical question.
I'm just really sitting here trying to think what I would do.

Tony.
Want to offer you free ad space in our college mag in return for guidance.
Can we chat?
Nuggets win!!!
Take that Kobe!
Doing pregame for  Here's to a kickass 2012!
whats good ross?
Whats with freddie gibbs dissing you and on this song he got out?
oh no!
15 watts shut down and we had to cancel..
thanks for lookin out though!
I still have doctornk tickets for ya.
Swing by tomorrow!
MER is a national group that has similar goals to NYCMER, but we aren't affiliated.
GoodMorning!
GET'CHO doctorNK ASS UP 
Watching my friend feel up clothing at the clothing store
Many thanks!!!
seems like a silly argument.
the no Eduardo!
counterfactual does not imply no dominant social networking site
I won't know til they ship the tix.
If I got the 2 I ordered for u, then u r set.
I hate when people be on twitter stuntin like that bigger than what they really is..see em in real life and they be looking
Yummy!
That sounds great!
I made some stuffed pablanos recently.
What i say everyday: I actually love Austin Carter Mahone.
To quote : This racism is killing me inside!
Garrick with the low blow error..
So i guess the snow is stick to the roads?
Hopefully it gets worse and we go home in the middle of school :D haha i'd be one happy chick!
My dad turned up the volume of the radio super loud then he laughed at me and Mayra x
The man who sets about making others better is wasting his time, unless he begins with himself.
St.
Ignatius Loyola
Some people r so predictable u can set ur watch by them.
Push the right buttons  just sit back  watch.
Can b quite amusing.
;
Meeting with Exilor tomorrow re: offering SOA Advanced training.
Email me at if you are interested...
uh no he didn't.
Unfortuantely, Cothcery apparently forgot to wipe the baby oil off of his hands!
Ugh.
GO
Good morning everyone
Nobody takes this class serious
This is maybe the perfect working office.
It was so cold in here last night that I just kept working.
I still have mountains of work though.
why aren't you at my house?
I'm in New Jersery
What duty or explanation does the SEC owe to anyone other than it's members?
this joke to easy for me lol : Can't wait to cut my hair nxt week.
My shit been fucked for the longest
Dear VH1 and your socalled greatest onehit wonders of the '90s: No Verve Pipe?
No Fastball?
NO 4 NON BLONDES?
Former Nuggets coach and player, Bill Hanzlik is on the show right now.
Check it out at AM1510
SaySomethingNiceAboutObama: He excels at birth certificate forgery.
happy bday to your moms bro!!!
can't wait to see you december 20 in orlando!!!
// love you bro 3
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
Robert Kennedy
no, you just rock period
On my way to graduation!
Land of the free.
Home of the brave.
RT dude heck yes.
25 goals this season.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Pablo Picasso
noo just Aaron :
confbytwitteravalanche isn't the best way to absorb, but still great learning.
Tx re URL  little side proj I'm starting on
way to go!
I promise,as long as he follows me..:
if that statement came with some kind of 'sorry,' I'd probably leave it, but still decline to babysit again.
: You scare me ...
you scare me
Hi twitter.
I forgot you were a thing.
Its a good day to make a change
Decided to engage themselves and do exercises on utram.Postelila blanket on the floor, lay down ...
and went to sleep!
Adele should open the Grammys with Whitney's I Have Nothing  incredible song, incredible tribute, incredible woman
Not only have I completely sabotaged my Twitter count, I find out I have a learning disability.
Great night
Just tapped HOP Session CDA IPA.
Omg!
damn.
Looking into Paul Vallas' eyes as we stand hand in hand on his doorstep...
I am forever immortalized in Angie's instagram.
Fielder signs with Detroit for 9 yrs 214 mil.
Orioles claim they can't compete with teams who play in cities with vibrant economies
all bands and musicians follow me
Not looking forward to working tonight!
Mondays suck!
thank you for attending!
Thanks for the support!
See you Saturday!
I just made a status that said fool me once shame on you fool me twice shame on me.
No more second chances sweetheart I'm done;
Enjoying the keynote panel DAM conference
We loved your company.
Thanks for joining us.
Today, I'm not going to be so nice.
I need your number i got a new phone .
Bored A/F
This is so cool!
Having so much fun with Ashleigh Ashton at the tv studio!
Okay did you tell him to follow back if I followed him????
where's the moderator?
thx for the feedback!
re: nycswmg fitbot great idea!
Seems more easy to follow and use than fitocracy
looking forward to seeing your presentation!!
Agreed, I was surprised with this article.
I get all my news from Twitter too!
the best time to ambush a guard dog is to kick him in the face while he's taking a dump...
Think about it..
hey, go follow , that's the label
Thanks 4 promoting simplicity.
Finally an EWBC panelist who speaks my language.
:
hope everybody voted today
Come by the branch today or tomorrow with your debit card to receive your FREE Georgetown Day 2012 sunglasses!
?!?!
Play by play plz
No work this weekend just a soccer tournament
I like arguing even I kno ur right I just want to see how good you argue
is serving up special offers from 330730pm at 800 Santa Maria in Irvine tonight!
We just all made origami yodas together  tba award luncheon.
Great fun!
In math class with my sis 
there are a lot of people fallowing us who I think are robot ladies of the night.....
not at all, my bad about yesterday.
My youngest came over this weekend, it's her bday weekend.
I owe u!
HAHA i sleep with 3 fans and my ceiling fan
U ACTUALLY LOSE AN HOUR.....
RT : There are now more media channels than there ever have been  less time to pay attention to them 
thumbs up if ur watching BET
great year!!
Spiritual maturity includes continuing to depend on God in the good times, not just running to him when challenges come.
nope, not a TeeRex trademark, but nice catch.
Where did you spot that?
RT : When I saw Super Moon was trending, I got worried.
I thought it meant a new Twilight book was coming out.
most people think I'm lying about being a virgin because I prefer jumbo tampons, but I can't help.....
are you new to Google, too?
See.
That's how I roll!
NO she isn't her eyes don't show any humanity
What Rap song should we cove?
If you have any suggestions let us know m/
because the singer is talented.
none of this mediocre crap that's out there.
So it's Friday the 13th I think I'm staying home tonight
Work doesnt stop.
Rehearsal doesn't stop.
Class doesn't stop and auditions keep comin.
Bout to do a workout.
Lets goo!
A journey is best measured in friends, rather than miles.
Tim Cahill
Domestic violence always happening late at night smh
Youre playing with my heart and its getting really lame.
Decide what you want; The girl or the game?
but you is tweeting right now!!!
going to the game?
Follow my former classmate for insider scoop.
we would be really happy to see you there!
We also have a NARIP London twitter by the way
what I chose to do is my business n one beer Wong kill me brother the diff now is I can stop doctornking after one doctornk
that's not bad it's just kind of crazy
Whoa!
Now Ishikawa flashing the leather diving over the first base railing!
Who are these guys?!
More Than This video :D can't wait!
Thanks for the RT!!
Please follow us at as well!
Finally made it to the post office!
Packages sent.
: Actor Mark Wahlberg has a third nipple!
you're not alone!!
The man who has done his level best...
is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure.B.
C.
Forbes
WHERE YOU BEEN LOCO?
Game 3 of the Playoffs is tonight!
100 Bones will be rocking it out at halftime....Game starts at 8:30...
THUNDER UP!
Just got a random book recommendation from a stranger on the bus.
That was a nice start to the day.
Feeling recommitted to all our efforts!
Nothing is too difficult, especially working together.
A koudmen for
the Senator?
Thanks, boss.
Really appreciate it, man.
Off work...out to eat.
Waiting for to tweet.
13 min till boyfriend can't wait
Chicken ala Kate?
Done.
Next: roll out the dough to make linguini!
I love cooking!
30 minutes before opening pitch between Century and Mayo, and the scouts are lined up behind home plate at Mayo Field
why don't you follow me ?
best damn Hott sauce in Portland!
that's uber fancy....
follow back?
Xo
Oh, isn't that lovely!
:
The whole Colbert SuperPac is actually doing a great job of educating many people on the convoluted nature of campaign finance.
What's up big guy?
Hope all is well.
Go Yankees from your fan in the BX !
this is gonna b the LONGEST 6DAYS OF MY LIFE!!
excited boyfriend follow?8
are you around strippers ..
If so whats their name ive probably seem them dance before
Butterflies...flowers that fly and all but sing.
Robert Frost
Can't wait to hear Chris Penn speak at since EVERY speaker has mentioned him in their presentatns!
still pissed!
united did show what we are.
let down.
Treat me like a joke I'll leave you like it's funny.
lol I love it
Its All Love My G, We Forever With It..100
HappyMothersDay to the mist wonderful mother in the world!
I love you mom 333
On to the next one doctorma is over tired of the lies and games sorry bro this bitch smartened up
Congrats to all my colleagues  peers on their much deserved awards
k i changed the pic amanda
ill give it a whirl!
Thanks for the FF!
RT : Today is the day we show the world how big hearted our community is by giving to the diligent nonprofessorts of central...
We're here to keep you updated about volunteering in the community of Bloomington!!
Please help spread the word!!
RT
Nathan ryan is on stickam :
The Juicery will be joining fresh52 tomorrow.
Give them a warm welcome and get your juice on!
I know I will be!
Uh you owed me that for not textin back last time.
So hop on it
Sam loves meth...
Paradise Fears emailed me....gjshsjfjksbsrhqkdhwjwbjj:D
A lot of overlap between definitions and standards of info literacy
I needa hit the booth asap!
i got alot to say on this new album
It seems like a fairly nice day out.
Any suggestions for what to do before the storms and showers arrive tonight?
name your time and place!
Been too long.
sick set, wow!!!
Blazers beat LA Lakers!
:   Gets chippy, but Blazers get the win.
All 5 starters in double figures, Gerald with 19/13/7.
doctor w/ 13 dimes
I wonder how many people will forever be caught in awkward situations on google maps street view
Starting off the evening at Millennium Stage for courtesy of
I'm soo tired but I'm still going out tonite and I'm gonna have a lovely time positive thoughts and smiles :
whatever do you mean???
Suggestions for kidney stones?
check out the new video for Stay Real  www.myspace.com/quetonemusic
so true!
Don't let it pass you by :
Health Info Sources  Found.
of Info professorssions : And u?
Amanda Ahlstrand, US Dept of Labor: local officials may think of WIA Youth funding as complement to school system, esp.
for doctorpouts
I'm an idealist.
I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way.
Carl Sandburg
Fake B emails again claiming a complaint has been filed against you!
Don't click the link!
I'm feeling  this morning.
Do tell ;
Perceptive piece.
Thanks everyone that came out Renfields.
We had a great time!
Can't wait to come back and bring the thunder
Ding, ding, ding!
Oh.
My last name's not Hart.
;
birthday weekend!!
Is there going to singing??
I know I know I don't know you, but I want you so bad
My green flares came in the mail from Old Navy today...I hope they will look cute when I get around to trying them on....
I need it to warm up so I can go on long, adventurous motorcycle rides.
I just wanna SWIM
any doctornking involved?
thanks!
We have been heavy into Bootstrap.
It's a great framework for responsive.
Thanks for the retweet!
kids Stars  Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Mon, May 14 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
like Harold Miller the elected President of Sunnydale Tenants Association in 2009 of San Francisco Housing Authority is the last person
Instagram was competitor to FB.
Don't see how that would change the view of a sports teams social media approach.
BUY an ocean view stateroom and get a Balcony from Carnival!!
A HIWI book?
i been up all night
DFWHouston is only 60 one way in June on American Airlines.
taking polls on the under/over of punctuality
Haha...yes, she had a great time working with the Ready Set guys.
Have you met them?
She said they're all really nice :
Who's ready To buy our EP on iTunes next week!!?
The Chalumeau goals were simple.
To provide an instrument which sounds good, is easy to play, is affordable and kid proof!...
would rather that go to paying for infrastructure.
Still, a good day's work by your boss/his team
: my body is sore.
Idk why i dont b doin shit.
Take a hot bath cuz
Touchdown at LAX!
i want summer.
now.
Thank You Father God For Another Blessed Day In Jesus Name Amen
Good morning!!
We're excited: 100 pallets of pavers are coming in today!
Come see them or call to start planning your new doctorveway or patio!
Chocolate Mustache Pops, Gamification for Good, Secret NYC Gardens and More
My Grandma just said, Everybody's smart, but Grandma's smarter.
OldSchoolShtTalk
Free preview of little women tonight at the downtown library 6PM www.yatkids.org.
6145057
Still sitting in the bar parking lot debating on going in.....
Why pay for extras in a music video when we are willing to do it for free?
Are arm warmers a good gift?
Need some advice please.
SOMEONE STOLE MY ACCOUNT FUUUUCKKKK
Honesty is the best policy, so I appreciate yours...but I'm not going tonight!
Big run tom am
R.I.P Snoopy :/
it's may...one of the busiest times in pitching...
Enjoying my first day at THE STANDING DESK!
You're my problem cockblocked :D
I'm from Pluto and I always represent.
Comin home from walmart
Haha, i'm sorry but this is VERY TRUE :
Already chased Abby outside for an hour...
She needs a freaking leash.
the song u woke up2 day /Meek Mill  I'm A Boss
maybe after a couple more years in big league camp!
is such a lovely person.
Working on set with him, and he's as nice as nice can be.
I couldn't agree more!
Just heard Young Forever on the radio
hahah I love it!!
those sound delicious, is it coconut milk or like a mounds bar?
God gives you BIG doctorams because your Purpose is bigger than you.
www.dmwilliams.org
Halverson: Learning v Learners.
Schools adapt technology to guarantee learning.
Out of school tech focuses on learners.
I sit bck and think wht would life b like if I never moved to Tx
Lol how did you do in districts??
SIS I am crying she is so beautiful!
Congratulations!!!!
somewhat disappointed that the playalong didn't work tonight
The Sixers Sixth Man is in his usual seat courtside
Our lives are defined by moments...
Especially the ones.....we never see coming......Alter Ago
SAME O;
There is no proof of tommorow yet we plan ahead what do we know.
I don't know.
I did doctorp some for the man and the dog though.
I love dogs.
I want one when I move out.
As happy as I am about the Rockies big game tonight, I REALLY wish they would have saved a portion of these runs for Jamie Moyer tomorrow.
Behind every great achievement is a doctoramer of great doctorams.Robert K.
Greenleaf
K that school is gorgeous, going to the high school of fasion industries 3!
I love this tweet stream of intense longing to be relevant and engaging our true call.
true.
They're a totally different band  its hard to even compare
With babies...we loose too many hours...and days...and years...They suck the life out of us!
But we still love them!
I start off all sarcastic remarks with oh really
Love burns and confuses me.
Love's a light that can't be extinguished.Scott Weiland
Parents ugh...
they get under ur skin please god help me this one time please make them shut up while we watch this movie.
I'm addicted
So proud of  the rest of the Covenant Varsity Boys Basketball team for a great game  fantastic season!
I'm talking bout 40 year virgin
you don't know anything about me so go ahead and say bullshit like that.
please help me win a Johnjay  Rich contest!
I need a celebrity to call 8779371047 5am10amMST MonFri.
Please Help Me Win!
Limitations are but boundaries created inside our minds.

Do you want to offer your customers the chance to win 2 Courtside Seats for the Bulls v.
Heat game on March 14th  the UC?
I miss the years when my biggest problem was acne.
What do u miss?
yes.
Tell her that most Librarians say they read less as Librarians and read more before they became one.
That's my situation.
it's a shame people smoke.
A note for everybody:
Chloe Handbags,Gucci Bag,Coach,Louis Vuitton,Fendi: louis vuitton ...
At ATL and soldiers just got standing ovation in terminal.
didnt count.
he only ran to first base.....
In Sf again...
I think I will hold court all day at in castro this friday.
Lemme know if you wanna hang out!
ah...i have 4 wasp nests on each corner of my balcony!!..scared to go out to my balcony!..lmaol...i needa buy me that spray!
I'm putting everything in my life completely in Gods hands!
everythingisgoingtobeokay 
Enjoy!!
And follow the DaBusHNL hashtag to tweet with other geeks who take the bus!!
Makes the ride more fun!
The Undoing racism workshop was a great experience for us at !
Using moms credit card all day..
Enthusiasm is the best protection in any situation.
Wholeheartedness is contagious.
Give yourself, if you wish to get others.
David Seabury
: Consciousness can never be lost, only forgotten.
Do not fear fear, for it is the fear of fear that empowers it.
Wonderful!
Please keep us in the loop.
Listening to TimWakefield on WFAN right now promoting the new movie
I need to paint my nails 
PLEASE go back on tour!!!
It has been far too long!
Just burned my sxsw badge.
Fuck these 1 won't to be's.
Coffee shops and local none badge hangouts for real Value next year
I'm engaged to wonderful man who's a brilliant software engineer!
Glad I found someone smarter than me to spend my life with.
thanks.
Have fun.
Send me a pic of your doctorsses.
:
Leave, leave  And free yourself at the same time.
::glen hansard::leave::
If you haven't had brunch plans yet with for Mother's Day, make them now!
We also have some bouquets available for just 18.
On second thought, I see how simultaneously using the same variable names  table schemas in ObjC/Xcode  PHP/Coda might get confusing.
I have always approved of MargotwithaT!
Be who you really are, do not change for anyone, and always, always doctoram big enough to achieve
hardly tweting today
An app to tell you how ugly you are...
Apparently it's popular.
Details in our web moment!
have court call me now plz
is it creepy or weird if I say ?
:p lol jk.
Umm..
Probably my best friend like My parents are
Beautiful pic!
Happy Mother's Day!
We are headed to Tulsa, OK where we play tonight!
How much of that is thanks to No Child Left Behind?
Some fat girl just said so fuck me maybe I almost threw up
I get so happy when you talk to me.
Happy Monday!
Hope your week is as exciting as mine promises to be.
Still going.
My current distance is 1.84 miles.
Current song is Wherever I May Roam  Metallica
That awkward moment when todays neon day at your school and your wearing black and gray.
everyone follow   he follows back!:
Can't wait till dis day Is over
: AstrologyFacts Capricorns don't credit others for their success, but neither do they blame anyone for their failures.
Lepore calls it: more speech is more visible thus incivility IS democracy
Hey Sclerreth hit the national radio circuit It's really old hat listening to a constant Broncos naysayer on local sports radio
I 'Let Go'  little coincidences wer showing up in my space Organically 2day.
BE Conscience  Let GO!
Jordan Farmar broke the Twitter.
check out my Detroit based street doctorma free preview on my blog x
Its good to be back again!
:P
Maybe thinks students should just have their daddies pay their loans
Regarding timeline: Facebook doesn't have to be a fucking history class
u have time for ribs!?
RT : RT : You never have a chance for your luck to operate if you don't take risks  Unknown
of course.
haha.
we always try.
how are you?
zach.
What up Gemini, yeah I know how u do :
So many wonderful things on the horizon I'm about to burst!
So to be a leader I should work on taking a second look at my ideas, not immediately saying How dumb are you, you worthless piece of shit?
Taylor...Stop Shooting!!!
You are not good!!
M just found out theres a cable that takes a 1/8mm jack and converts it to XLR male, I wonder how shitty that might sound.
I'll give up my apartment before I give up my gym membership.
I feel friggin' bulletproof.
About to board my flight; Oregon tonight.
Btw, how epic is it that we can fly?
And 500 mph like its NBD??
half day tomorrow, then thursday, then no school for four days
4 more days til my bday...
i told mommy i wanted a remote control car lol but i was serious....
A program like girls gets sexual harassment totally wrong?
i doctoramed my personal trainer was a hot dog
my house is so hot, it's gross.
Hi, Molly.
Thanks for the follow.
Love your tweets!
Don't try to get me jealous, it's not happening.
Talk to whoever you want :
praying gets better quickly!!
Sometimes he isn't able to get it all out before people are gone or have already said bye.
Yes, we've made a study of this.
Its a great tool.

great to hear on the GM numbers; phones are down some, digital inbound is moving right along though.
Thanks for the share, Jeff!
BC
Hope everyone is having a fabulous day!!
Life is very similar 2 the street when u apply urself if u wanna find that yellow brick road pave with gold you just gotta take control
My point is that the object in the database should control behavior.
I usually do this by tagging it with its controller name
Okay, what time all you places I got to go to open?
I'll be there!
You're the one with the attitude just remember that.
thanx, its just been rough, trying to get my nephew permanantly, and its slow...
Well Im bout to go to BALLYS  get this serious workout in
I always have such a hard time making decisions
It really does.
Come out with me and you'll feel like a kid!
bet you can't do that at 5 Point hugeportions : I win allyoucaneat biscuits and gravy.
Five plates; take that, Highline!
Yay!
Thanks Derek...I'm Following you back!
: :
class or no class?
Life happens and yeah it sucks sometimes, but it's when you keep going and get back up you find who you truly are and what you're made of...
Looks like the and the Kings are playing for 7th.
Your boys are goin down
Baking cookies because thats what you do when it rains.
Sure if you want : I dont mind
In the studio!
Crack a joke or 2 or sitback and enjoy DC comics share their new material  TONIGHT  8PM 
GoTribe I count 8 games all day games and most during the work week that aren't televised.
The Dolans are the height of che...
: It's that time again, fill in the blank: an Eagles win today would be ?
Surprising.
Let's see how well this weekend studying will go for me
so excited!
Thank you 4 coming to Sacramento last week!
Our listeners loved it  NOW they can buy your new EP!
Iv been good all my life so I'm gonna be mister Bad Boy today!!
waiting for 4G
Successfully ICED steven.
Pretty happy.
Tomorrow check out at Julia Morgan Ballroom
It seems so easy for my students to get official excuses for missing class.
Is everyone really going to the hospital or to court every week?
She Just Want Me Cause Im Next, She Jus Want Me Cause Im Next
Job for a Cowboy is so fucking brutal!!!!!!!
womensmural work now expanding across FL Ave to include Thank you !!
BloomingdaleDC and beyond
Welcome to life with technology sucka
how's it going sir?
have fun and be safe xoxo MICHELLE
New day, new opportunities!
Make it a great day!
U can do that u know..MAKE your day great.
To hell with having a great 1..make it happen!
When selecting Holocaust texts for classroom use, what should be the fiction to nonfiction ratio?
ImWeakFor beautiful colored eyes.
Today in history  2008 I was in canterbury visiting lee, with a massive Absis.
thank you so much for live tweeting this!
I'm on vacation and wanted to know what the press conference was about.
We've made it to Friday !
TGIF libraries /wk How will u spend ur weekend?
About to kick off an event that is going to recreate how our veterans access their much earned benefits!
Interagency Council on Veterans!
aw!
: Hang out of Christmas break?
Yes?
Yes!
Ladies, if you can use your weave as your dog leash and successfully walk down the street, it's to long!!!!
T you rude
I would quit but I ain't never learned how
when people believe everything they hear
just arrived.
Only here like 20 hours.
You free for early breakfast tomorrow?
My cat and I are rapping Nobody Cares by !
She's got skills and attitude!!...lol :P
Sheena, endless, ceaseless, immutable, and imperishable
Don't forget about Obama's fav.
hangout in Buffalo, Duffs.
Winner of the Food Wars.
The Sheridan doctorloc.
is the best!Get med.lite,FFw/gravy!
it's a pity they lack milkshakes.
Watching 2012 on in less than an hour.
Prob not the most appropriate movie for earthday.
Then again maybe it's just perfect.
I know fear is an obstacle for some people, but it is an illusion to me .
.
.
Failure always made me try harder next time.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
Do you know where skrillex is playing?
no, do you want any ketamine?
no.
ok good luck finding skrillex!
good luck selling k!
...what do you mean??
Thanks and for last night.
It was fun AND delicious.
What a perfect pair!
Make it go away!
RT : Not surprising that now has its own account.
Watch ya back...
Cuz when you think you fooling them....
They fooling you 
The first day I've had coffee in many months and I've gotten so much done.
This is how methheads feel after cleaning their apartment, right?
Have a nice weekend!
the boys r doing amazing.
so proud of them.
hell yes!!!
TeamDomino will be representing in Davis Arena...
Quote from book: resentment is anger looking for payback...
Hatred is clinical strength anger.
r u a lion?
come over!
This place is amazing
Your integrations are awesome!
How did you do this so quickly?
Can I create a calendar of my tracked accounts?
OMGYOUGUYS ...
this dude playing The Phantom ...
I'm a silly squealing teenager again!
GAAAH!
faint, sigh
It's not a lot of cute girl in Detroit no more where they go
MN House passes bill moving fishing opener this year from May 12 to May 5 due to warm weather.
Senate yet to act.
KSTPTV at 10.
Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions
god morning :
It's a recipe for disaster when your country has an obesity epidemic and a skinny jean fad.
Question?How do I link Twitter to Facebook?
Or is it the other way around?
Up early for SEME2012  see you there!
Yup.
I've completed my 40 days w/o liquor already.
Sort of a late Lent.
I think I'll keep it going since I'm working out.
all those things that weren't supposed to happen, they happened!
not happy?
if nothing else just be happy your eyes where able to read this!
TLC's Say Yes to the doctorss is coming to CA!
Email name, age, location, and wedding date to .
Thanks for the FF!
Nice professorle pic!!!
Leadership is about creating certainty around you even when there's doubt inside of you.
that's why YOU'RE not in the major leagues
THEY CALL ME NIGGAQUESHA!
BOW BITCH BOW waits for Caps Cock
I have the most fucked up sleeping schedule ever go to bed at 4am wake up at 2pm lovely
Watching Shooter and Mark Wahlberg's character's last name is Swagger.
Not sure I can take this seriously.
Welcome in the Summer with a stop to our shop!
Just a short doctorve down Federal!
Tell your Friends!
:
Just want to wish your mom A Happy Mothers Day she raised a good son
And Obama admits to eating dogs.
Pitbulls are delicious
Sweet!
This Vons has a lottery ticket vending machine!
I have the need to do something doctorstic, take a huge risk, upset convention, do something unexpected!
I am in a RUT!
Listening to Wayne Shorter's Speak No Evil on his 78th b'day.
It just doesn't get any better than this.
Happy Birthday mister Shorter.
Crunch Time: Sen.
Coburn speaks a very frank truth about the economy  Ridgecrest Daily Independent
you need your seed to pwn
Well, you're right, I've just been really disappointed with coffee in SF, ecexpt Sightglass
Katie did you get my texts?
thinking of a great youtube idea that will make look like
OMG, just found two ticks the size of large peas on our dog!!
They must have been in the woodchips we put in the yard a few months ago.
A3  designate one point person for each partner to keep communication tight
we're right across the street from TCU!
ha!
You know what I am going to say, I have amnesia on the little block of my life.
By choice.
;
MyFavoriteTravisPorterSong make it rain an bring it back.
late night twerking sessions.
So much fun!
gimme a
how did the stills turn out?
Bits Blog: Facebook Buys Instagram for 1 Billion in Its Biggest Deal The social network said it agreed to pay about 1 billion in cash a
lol it sure made mines and my sister we legit stopped watching tv to watch them, but it was over something so little
Him nd his ways to make me smile..
Newt is blushing that Ron Paul gave him a back handed compliment.
yeah lol my phone is like fast again.
Plus I like the iMessage.
Did u have problems installing it?
I think that Madonna was a great inspiration for me, especially on my earlier work.
Rihanna ...........
I'm a rare breed, I go to Brewers games cause I wanna watch baseball and that's it.
Oy!
Did you walk home last night?!
Watching my sister dance is always fun, I know she's going to make it big in life and good luck to her 3 u lil sis
i love you 3
I am so disproportional I need a bigger chest to make my beer belly look small
I HATE BOYS.
ha ha.
Nice.
Do your house mates go to bed early?
hahah this is victoria, correct?
Got bitches doing my homework;
Big booty judy
We're only 250 visitors away from our 100,000th visitor!!!!
Our milestone visitor will win a 100 membership and our Cottage Photo Biography
Blessings beauty.
Congrats on your little one.
I love not knowing for sure what will happen until I am writing it!
Wendy wants Dunkin...FYI
Happy Energy Awareness Month!
Where does your energy come from?
Find out at The Bakken.
Special energy activities from 10am to 4pm today!
BOY do you look uptight.
Waking up to an empty house  :
Headed to AAU tryouts with Bird, C Rock and T money...Everyone have a great night.
Congrats to my home teams for for
i wanna meet justin bieber!!!!
I am super sad that I won't be here this weekend to take Vis.
Valley tours again.
Took both in Oct.
and they were such gems!
actually you did, last year.
It's basically the same thing in Algebra 1 though
sure!
We have a ton coming up in Milwaukee over the next two months, but maybe in September.
Having a heated debate, I say Flautist she says Flutist...
; 
Ah, Jose.
Brilliant, yet again!
RT: Just got into a fight with the invisible man or was I just arguing with myself
Good luck girls!
I'm sure you'll knock em dead over there!
If you don't like Eminem......suck my motherfuckin dick.
where willU be this eve?
G.
Awards?
doitwithyourbootson or Danceonthemattress , hard to chose!
3frGA
i wonder what I'm gonna wear today.
Bwahaha.
You know your new song is awesome when your wife says 'Best song ever.'
Jessica Alba  Family Step Out for a Stylish Lunch It looks to us like Jessica Alba has passed on her impeccable style to her ki
RT : RT if you want a followback from me or shout out.
you'll gain followers for sure!
: just RT this.
Hey buddy.
When u get a text message and its from someone u have no interest in texting back 
There's something to be said about hotelbars...what that is, I'm contemplating.
As waffles we get a bad rap for say, waffling, but we've always supported marriage equality.
What a day for Washington!
Playing New Frontier Tacoma tonight.
Free.
21 happy
RT throwback Thursday !
'Goin' Crazy'  Natalie ; nowplaying .
who remember this ?
Some of our staff, volunteers  board members are in DC this week for the NCIL conference  great day on the Hill, sessions start in the am.
Tonight at the Neptune, my love affair with BrianJonestownMassacre continues.
Oh yeah, we go way back.
Martin Luther King Jr.
was a great man who fought for equality.
He also hated banks and loved basketball games in the middle of the day.
Watching Martin lol
thank you so much.
We appreciate it.
:
Not in a very good mood this morning.
I'm so tired and my stomach is killing me.

I dont have mine yet, looking forward to seeing it.
Congrats man!
So true!
: It's like stores know when I'm stressed and send ecoupons just to make me smile.
PS: It totally works.
thanks for providing the street trees that planted for the OpOliver station at 's EcoHustle!
Beach pewease!Me and you are gonna go to the concert!Can't wait!
he moves alot.
oh my bad.
Sorry....
dont tweet things that involve me.
thanks!
agh the visual!
Gauge out my eyes!
: Homeland Security ...
Thank you Janet Nipples Napolitano...a woman of vision!
Masoli's third down pass deflected and intercepted, OSU runs it back to the Oregon 47.
Never underestimate the power of your smile.
Are you ready for the tomahawk throwing contest?
Meet us in Lenape at 4pm.
Ive been good sweets thanx for checking up.
That is another thing that I like about working from home.
I save money while making money
let grenades fly in MW3
As soon as the Freedom Tower goes it will be as tall as the Empire State Bldg.
Thank you, have a great weekend.
departing for the Midwest in a few hours...more to follow.
Ian Bogost takes the podium  all right, let's do this
Watching The Darkest Hour.
Not bad so far
Where are you come to red dot
howdy madam :
What's the point of being in school today
creative arts/music open house  amazed at how people use art to make a difference
It's
Thank you so much for all my followers you guys are great.
Lets stay tuned in for what I have going on tomorrow with I AM HEALTHY HAIR.
Happy hour in 35 minutes!!
Happy hump day!!
So yall understand TRIUMPHANT having achieved victory or success.
nuff said
Nobody cares.
Please shutup.
Who the hell decided that Kobe deserved a star???
Stop trying to give me Kobe love....
I can't stand his ass!!!
Christmas with the family today!
Two things I've really taken to heart lately: it's not so much what you know, it's who you know.
So always be making new friends.
Oops.
Sorry.
u were with dezz right?
Lol
Justin Bieber  Boyfriend is pretty much spamming my feed.
Thanks and Beliebers.
:p
Freshly Taylored website coming soon....
Happy Oaks to my Kentucky people!
: Have a Mint Julep for me!
My tweets don't make sense and neither do I.
So fuck you!
Good Morning Everyone Didn't Make It To Church This Sunday but He Knows Where My Heart Is:
Yeah he also walked in during the middle of my presentation.
Who does he think he is?!
I knew It Was you!!
I Was Screaming OMG THAT'S KEVJUMBA!!
:D
Too funny.
Nice comparison, I hadn't thought of that.
I need to get with staff to ensure numbers I give are as accurate and up to date as possible.
Email to come next couple days
80 of the the pixels purchased will be donated to cancer research in the Advertiser's name!
Thanks to all the models that came out today.
We got a lot of great pictures and video.
Stay tuned!
Waiting for tonight's debate between NATO and CANG8.
Pritzker Military Library.
RT : About to hit downtown real quick...what u bouta get into
Kobe is an assassin
awesome!
Can't wait!
Is loving working for Disney :
Hahaha I havent used mine in so long!
Could you follow me please?
I love you.
x
June 8thAcoustic show  spirits Pub in Valley Center, Ks!
Those Gasol brothers are the ish,
we're all brown, idk why he would get all booty hurt over nigga
Playing piano.
Yay!
Aww.
Old Hugh Grant makes me sad.
:
I must try Orange Leaf today.
Great event last night!
Thanks for letting BW and Classe participate.
Keep up the great work!
The partys in my head
Thanks; I had a great time!
Wow, how did I not know about lala.com's music mover until now?
If they add smart playlists, byebye iTunes
I'm going to marry your money3
I would slay a doctorgon for some nachos right about now.
Currently 41 degrees
Maci, ask them who lit it up today in the game!
At the reception for MilBlog!!!
Whoop!!!
I have 5 teams left in the
Whoever wrote Angela Bassett's doctormatic monologue in the beginning of  Waiting To Exhale  DELIVERED.
Shit gets me every time.
Sounds delicious..
I love black beans!
Horny mornings alone 
i got 2 doctorsses!
AH i love this store, its amazing.
they have cloths like forever 21 and cool shit like Urban outfitters
got the sausage, hash brown, and bagel to match.....breakfast of champions over here
Diabetes DHA During Pregnancy May Cut Infant Colds Getting enough of an essential fatty acid during pregnancy may help prevent colds in ne
Sometimes memories are fun and sometimes they make you sad because now they are only memories.
.
.
Hello Tuesday!
Is it gonna be easy breezy day for ya'll?
Let us comfort you with our love and yummy food.
I love u Casey you are the best sister ever.
Love your wonderful sister Nicole!!!
:
Rupert Murdoch to Parliament I know nothing...because I watch Fox News
Oklahoma Joes BBQ in KC.
Best Q in The home of BBQ.
It's in a gas station.
You come to KC, I buy.
PSneon trees blow
It's funny how those memories they last like strawberry wine..
Yo, new kraft brand; it's 2011.
A Flashonly web presence is the new under construction animated gif.
Give a birthday shout out to my man !
We're both on our 4th time through the Insanity program.
Thnx 4 all u do!
:
Thanks for the updates
yup what u doing
Yes indeed  had a very nice time talking to you all on a beautiful Atlanta evening.
my parent's new house has a pool.
they are talking about skinny dippy.
........
To the fellas be kind to a lady always today share a hug and a kind word to all moms and women that support and take care of us 365 days
...the most successful people in life, ...their strength is not having the right answers, but in asking the right questions John Chancellor
Have you checked on ?
RT : anyone have creative gift ideas for my godson's christening?
Super excited!
So the question of the hour is whether or not facebook screws up instagram.
Taking all bets!
why do girls let boys affect them so much?
like who cares...
i never met them, what if u never did met them
is that a true story?
I live out of market.
Do you know if I can watch the interview online?
Thanks for all the great announcing!
I stay up.
Ill sleep when im dead.
Summer, I can't wait to be reunited 
nice meeting you today!: See you next week
10th floor dessertathon  torture.
Over 700 AEDs found keep up the good work.
well I'll keep my season pass, then.
Holler, Taught me...some things I know :
Twerkin all night..
Come see for for some 45 cent wings  basketball 
I think its raining cats and dogs put there!
Good heavens!
Dear Candidates, Leaders, and Media: Repetition does not transform a lie into a truth.
Franklin D.
Roosevelt
Fun will definitely be had !!
We're on the same page!
Photographed anything awesome lately?
More warehouses?
Dinner at Cafe Sphere then to WFM for some shopping.
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you call me short, yet we're the SAME height.
I thought u lived in St Louis lol I'm not from there
Its so cold outside..
I wonder what the weather in Cali is like right now
: Must every date include a hot tub?
thebachelor urbaniteproblem or a helicopter
Eatting Good Out Maryland :
lol i guess
this is why we love you
Agreed that the virtual space has to be created and mediated carefully to create meaningful interactions.
Ascribe to the Lord the honor due his Name; worship the Lord in the beauty of holiness.
Psalm 29:2
My emotions all fucked up..
lol
I can see the difference.
LOL errorSorry, something went wrong.
Team of highly trained monkeys hz bn dispatched 2 deal with situation.
If u c them, show them this:
thats confidence...not cockiness
if you love, u'll know the true meaning of pain..
Glee was amazing!
is it faster to speedoctorad with an ebook or a print book?
remember when speed reading was a thing?
what should i name my nipple?
darn!
No Conversations!
I hope all is ok up there w/ power outages.
Safe and warm I hope!
those bastards!
BOOM RT : I answer 's emails because he's cool.
Not because he uses text only.
In honor of Bastille Day, I will end all of my statements like a Parisian gangsta: Je voudoctoris un cafe, qua!
Just ordered a new charger for my old school gameboy sp.....
Bout to start playing that POKEMON RED VERSION!!!!
3
Which one is your Dad??
I want nothing but black and white art on my bedoctorom walls
Congratulations to wework.
New space looks great!
not trying hard enough!
And i actually loathe you.
That's like..
hate times a bajillion.
Man WTF  this beat I just heard.
That shit was crazy AF.
Man I love King of the Hill.
lol
So all you guys that request YoungHomie by it's in MilwaukeesMostWanted tonight.
Coming up sometime before 8:30!
Boom!
i swear, im so close to just getting rid of my permit...led to nothing but problems.
How much jail time can I get for killing my moms dog?
In a humane way of course.
Mayor of Konya calls for a human approach to sustainable urbanization while integrating Konya's heritage
Who all watched the
Men's basketball team wins by 102 points: We brought in video from Western Carolina's 14139 win against Toccoa Falls College.
all of them.
All of the doctorsses.
she doesn't even go here!
can't help with massage
Few more years and im out of here and never coming back.
I hate it here.
Thx ND!
I hope you like!
If not, I'll buy it back...RT : I have ordered your album!
Happy Birthday, buddy!
I don't know what GoPlankInTraffic means.
Listening to before bed !
3 swagg .
Wow...
Evilness on the rise.
Now they trynna call Trayvons murder selfdefense.
As if the kid was knockin out cops with Skittles.
Smh
NF follow back
lmao I like to retweet than have everyone else listen to me complain.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH!
3 14
We just got word that we have been chosen to play in the Gorilla Music Finals Showcase in January.
Thanks Gorilla!
I'm still looking for suggestions of where I should do a few events for my book next fallany other suggestions out there.
The significance of a man is not in what he attains but in what he longs to attain.
Kahlil Gibran
FANTASTIC NEWS!!!!
So happy for Sally and Neil!!
RT : Congratulations to on the birth of her daughter!
Or Chinese food 0.o
go to bed !
lol
Kenya and England tie at 77, first doctorw of 2012 Kenya advances based on overall point differential.
Smart match by them.
that lite girl has me rolling
Thanks for the follow!
Let us know if we can help with your peerreview needs :
Text I got at 4:51 this morning 
VreelandA ruler should be slow to punish and swift to reward
LOL human garbage
Backtoschool is just around the corner.
WOAH!
Have you sustainabilized your curriculum yet?
Longform writing probably less typical, but avg user less educated.
Go Pack Go!
Iight well I message you
Ended up 62 tonight!
148 last 22 and 62 last 8 in MLB!
Don't miss out on the hot streak!
7 picks Thursday for only 20!
Email us act now!
swatting flies with my tail, limited success.
Woohoo!
The ball is rolling!
Keep the momentum going!!!
Food wives actually know how to be faithful.
Really Joseph!!?
LOL
No worries!
Keep up the fantastic work!
Anyone who thinks the sky is the limit, has limited imagination.
Anonymous
I'm A MILLION BUCKS to these CHUMP CHANGE chicks!!!
We all try
Shapeshifter Is my favorite from them .
OHohOHohOHoh
That1friend who sticks with you through all the doctorma.
How's everyone's morning going?
records sound like trash, they'd be better off recording that on a talkboy.
When I fall on my ass in choir on the black prop board that rolls.
I know southwest slappin right now
not feeling good  whats goin on wit me
boo!
Sorry we couldn't be of more help!
doctorps!!
why do elease keep startin w/ camilla knowin she qone qet the spit knocked out of her.
she finna keep fiqhten her till she win one lol
hth2012 Alford: lots of interesting entity reconciliation on problems with historical persons
nope Netflix
Inbox 7.
I win!
RT : I think i can safely throw out the bag of halloween candy now.
that's if you can appreciate the fun, campy side along with the scares  gore.
I total horror face tribute!
We love you.
Its Cold In Florida !
Yess I Love It : lovinglife 3
Love it.
My dad F's up all my plans too man.
sorry:
If your bi your a faggot no in between shit
Too late.
Don't forget your Pepcid.
love, Mom.
Paraiso is great.
Would love to hear more cool climate Syrah recommendations.
Right now super I'm excited to paint my nails and watch himym with when I get back to slc!
Its about to be 11:11 everybody get ready
PATHETIC!
How peeps hate on othrs who r Way more sucessful  constructive w/thier time then they r!
GoldenGlobes Madonna u!!
thank you!!:
Artistic Homes offers a wonderful array of energy efficient floor plans...one is destined to be a perfect fit for your family!
Getting 1st hand experience being a family member/visitor at in KC.
So far so good.
They're taking good care of my mom.
suck harder
actually both, but that was no option
I use honey on burns  skin tears it heals really fast :
Lmao, yeah I pick up on things very quickly.
oh yeah...
everyone has a chance, that's the beauty of
chillin smokin all the weed up wit her big head ass smh
Joy of Giving...
500 families receiving food and toys at the Q!
Thank u San Diego!
If you didn't know, Joe's YouTube account is called JoeJonas906.
The 906 is for September 6, the day his album is released.
Thank you!
Hope your day is Fab!
Eating lunch at Panera
I clean to destress too!
cleaningtherapy it makes me feel so much better!
run in rain or finish cleaning spree???
I go at what I do as if there were nothing else in the world for me to do.
Charles Kingsley
thanks you too Maybe
praying for the people of Joplin 3
I am so ready to get back in the Dome to watch the with and !!!!!
422 days until I get to see you guys!
I know that it's coming, I just hope that I'm alive for it.
It's only Wednesday...
As my soontobe roommate says, Hemsworth just IS charismatic.
You like him, and he acts well with everyone.
yeah but the cycling sux!!
And depending on where you live the doctorvers suck as well as there are no bike lanes.
Finished the Seattle Century yesterday.
100 miles in just less than 6 hours!
Is it just me...or does it seem like quite a few Pageant Moms and Directors have weird, psycho eyes?
Josie says since scientists haven't invented a time machine yet, she's going to.
I just want to go back  have my life again over  over.
Fatheads...
headhunter..
hot peppers..
burgers....
oh yeah.
I have wheel chaor marks and the only place I got any color is the place I didnt put sunblock and that color is maroon.
Here's our question...
wanna hop in the hot tub with us and talk Fantasy Football?
We'll gladly support GoRed!
Pictures from The Oscar's?
not a bookmarklet, but definitely a great idea I'll pass along to the team.
/Cc
This Sun doctorp soda commercial...DUMB....lmao....I can't.
I will lol
is this where I get to say  LOL  ???
RT : The first AfricanAmerican president in our nation's history is also 1st sitting president to support the freedom to marry.
3rd year w/ 0 state supply money in the budget
Listening to this ol school Biggie Life After Death is refreshing!!!
Dear , I did not get your email.
Boo.
Nowak at today's press conference: WE'll see how NY does against Houston before we know the recipe for SUnday
All modern browsers are memory hogs, especially if you run enough of them with enough tabs.
thanks for the follow.
Check out madmoneycoupons.com
love you too lex!!
Looking for music I've never heard.
Time to step away from 4/4 time  tonality.
Maybe time to leave equal temperment for a little while ...
Omg my birth day is going to be tommoro im so happy
You're so vain, you prolly think's about you..
you really should experiment ; 
warm yes.
Run
I think that goes for all of us...
Absolutely!
: formal written plans.
PLANNING might be the most important thing that teachers do.
langchat
shortness of breath, my chest is pounding, yeah...
my BFA review is in 3 minutes.
hey honey bud;
I have been quiet today, anyone miss me?
Looking at more BAC, YHOO and done trading CRWV not that it is bad, just don't want to overstay

Most people are only alive because its illegal to shoot them.
so true haha
you're only half right.
Paul Pierce has hit as many, if not modem big shots than anyone I've seen
Fine by me...
when I'm not home.
His jokes blow.
Only thing worse: Emmytones, I have a cauliflower ear from beating myself in the head every time they sing.
ok am i number 164?
you mean westbound train.
Congrats to Realtor.com on the mobile win.
Was there this AM.
I asked about boosterism.
Liked and believed the multiple replies.

I'm too cute to be this hungry, lmaoo.
!!
LITERALLY THE HOTTEST GUY RIDING HIS BUKE NEXT TO MY CAR LIKE MY AGE AND EVERYTHING COME TO ME
This will be the LAST diet you will EVER be on because this IS the weightloss CURE!
Lose 12 lbs a day 702.979.4424 www.lasvegashcg.com
Of course you leave The Mann before Foster the People comes!
Ha, hope all is well:
Thanks for the love and for your DoGood work!
The Lady in Red was a pretty legit goto slowdance song in 1995.
Damn not a txt a call or a goodbye from a friend b4 he moves outta state : damn salty af..
whtever iguess
FACT: KU has more conference titles than Duke and UNC combined.
Sicksuck.
love the new pix in Troix!!!!
Who wakes up at 8:30 when they are support to be at work at 8:30...
That would be me!!!!
Take it down a notch, Carrie Underwood.
Instead of bailing out Wall St, we should have spent the money on infrastructure.
That's how we got out of the last depression.
and Joe are made 4 each other!
Their just playing hard 2 get like High School kids!!!
..
lol
I KNOW.
She said she'd send it to you.
Also I gave her some DTM post cards for you, when she's back in CantotheADA.
shooting with today  yay!
This diet plan makes no sense to me.
So ima get some fast food.
Very cool poster from a very cool dad!
It will look stellar at your place!
DJ Kennedy is the worst MC name ever.
U r.
Right Follow me I'm following u
Happy Leap Year Day!
yea...
its hair on ur face...
Shooting a greek Wedding  the SurfClub.
Got2 love these Greeks, They sure know how 2 eat  dance.
I really like Martha Plimpton...
Everybody loves the Olympics right?
Well, Big Jim watches random Olympic sports is coming up...
so true for example a lot of critique of Libya intervention on WVOM black radio in Chicago
Today's Goal: write this without sounding like a total asshole.
Wish me luck!
New to TCL!
Fine  Raw Chocolate.
We carry all 11 of their bars including Chipotle Bonbon and Blueberry!
111 St Marks Place btw 1st  A
I don't have any fucks to give..
Andoctorw Bird is proof that Jeff Buckley wasn't done with Earth yet.
Feeding your little one healthy whole foods, lots of probiotics and a good supplement will help.
That is the most retarded comment I have ever read.
I truly hope you are kidding.
All i had for dinner is some good p
please reduce Podvader's speaking role in the NFL Today podcast, its becoming not fun to listen to...especially today
Del Mar National Horse Show: April 21  May 8, 2011 kicks off today at the
Showed three 9yearolds my hook shot.
Their lives will never be the same.
hi frank hit her up
Every so often I wonder why I'm still following and then he posts some picture of some impossibly gorgeous woman and I stop.
AXE COP  DINOSAUR SOLDIER GREATNESS!!!!!
you should come back!
:
I wish I knew what it was like to have someone who actually cares about me  who truly loves me.
: It's at the shop, getting a new alternator.
Haha you're a real renaissance man.
Would it be a HUGE turn off if he wore scooby doo boxers?
2229800
Good Morning, here's hoping every one has a lovely day.
great web site,thx
2 grown skunks, 1 baby skunk  a fam of raccoons in the backyard.
I feel like doctor doolittle
A car alarm is going off right outside my window really are you fucking kidding me
Music eases my heart mind and soul like...ouch
Dash City Skyline in the studio this weekend for some midnight sessions.
Hey , I never need to see another interview on horseback.
K would like to forget about Y and disappear.
Y doesn't let K forget about the dead women.
Five more weeks of this torture!
Xx
if austin jackson can get on base twice in every game we will win 150 games.
I'm clearly on a Kiss Desperate Housewives Goodbye binge as the very last episode airs tomorrow night and I'm really bummed about that.
The mere formulation of a problem is far more essential than its solution, which may be merely a matter of mathematical or exper
I love you for still loving me even though I have been away for so long.
3
Endangered animals aren't the only thing that is facing extinction.
So are renters with good credit.
www.HelpingPeopleBuy.com
LUCKeSHOPPER going to take the World by storm!!!!
Get Paid to shop!
The more you shop the more we reward you for shopping!
A handwritten thank you note goes a long way, even more so in today's digital world.
sigh.
Yes.
What was I thinking?!?!
Thanks for checkingin, !
Which flavor did you get?
We flyered your car.
Basketball Skills comp  Travis County Expo Center, Muay Thai Talent Search at CTC Austin, Austin Outlaws game.
Wash it
Curious why streetcarnameddesire was played for laughs, it's not a funny play.
Well acted but audience was in stitches.
Trying to Win from Concert : wish me goodluck
.
Shut up, Tagg.
You're a jerk, just like your father
made my morning!!!
Fridge worthy.
:
MGK brings his rapidfire flow to the Mad Frog stage on Thursday Feb 3rd.
Mark your calendar, it will be a packed house!
Prettiest doctorss is bachelorette history.
Veep is awesome, I have decided it.
And it had better be successful because I need my West Wing fix.
And this is the closest thing.
Well long story short.I have concluded.If there's a judgment.
God,will just appreciate you keeping people on their toes.
Almost vacation time!!
Happy Father's Day!
I say this with the utmost respect 4 you and 4 AIIM  those calls w/ a recorded message from you do not make my day.
Disappointing
Current bid for 2 fourthrow tickets to Rip City Classic game: 250.
Call: 5034177575 Proceeds benefit
RT : Squamish Language Course was a SUCCESS!!!
Onward and upwards to become a fluentspeaking community!
Crank it up!
Excited in NYC for Saturday in Miami.
RT : And so it begins!
I just earned the Jet Setter Bonus at Friends of Stuyvesant in MyTown2.
nice, glad you're enjoying it.
Come visit me in NY!
Half watched Pirates of the C.
last night  would it be weird if I started wearing black eyeliner this late in the game?
Russia and China are intensifying cooperation in the military sphere
It was so good meeting you at the Femfessionals Event :
well now I am really awake
Good 2 C so many Jackson  Lawrence County folks at the Seymour  BNL game.
JDG
This is the perfect time to watch the We Are the World video.
Improve working memory, planning and organization w/mindfulness training.
wrkgmemory 
doing it now is knocking it out now!
any other DJ's need it holla at me!
You're assuming I haven't done this.
Thanks for the inspiration.
A clean vision, backed by clear plans, offers you an amazing sense of confidence and personal power.
shout out to derrick rose man that nia nice.
28 gay boys away from 1000 followers.
:P Now RT this if you're gay.
It's under Jason Senn.
It's been repaired twice now.
We just want a new tv.
Unwritten roommate rule: if it's not yours, it's because it's probably mine!
E3onG4 So far, from what I've seen and heard, Nintendo wins E3 this year.
Microsoft's only chance for me personally is Kinect
thankyou for an amazing tour:D love you guys
Not sure yet!
Listening to old records with Family tonight is one of my favorite memories I'll keep forever.
I need your help with this upcoming event and to spread the word for this nonprofessort
YOU CAN DO IT TONI
hey much more to come, becauseim the las vegas hostest with the mostest!!!
I want some Hot Cheeto puffs !
Hey what time should I plan on crashing your BJ free cone date?
love getting emails in which all of the other recipients are inadvertently visible in the to: line
I Need Me A Fun Girl!!!
Wats Up Wer Da Bad Twitches ???
I miss you ;
cheek , sorry i cant type right im going so crazy !
San Diego, California Weather :: 69F PARTLY CLOUDY: 69F PARTLY CLOUDY
Wtf!!
RT : An insect called the water boatman can make noises as loud as lawnmowers with its genitals!
Just RT : I hope it was traumatic.
But not as much as him showing up in his scivvies  new cowboy boots
NLCATLANTA there are alot of people that call themselves professorssionals but dont have the tools..
Happy Easter!
yes, she made it back, and is now comforting herself with an heirloom tomato salad
It's Thursday!!
It's a great day to skip the fair and come get a new tattoo or piercing!!
Birthday coming up
It's only a matter of time before I bump into
We need volunteers who speak Mandarin to help seniors understand and apply for benefits.
Please RT.
At the arena getting ready for tonights Bucks agains Charlotte, we NEED a win tonight!
Hope everyone is loud tonight!
It's Natnl Teacher Appreciation Day!
Did you know PEMCO was founded by a teacher?
Big thanks to our educators for everything they do!
I don't know what that is but I'm totally on board with the idea of food in a bucket.
3 weeks and 3 days until freedom.
Thanks!
Do you mind if I email you off line for a specific question?
Thanks!
I still want starbucks ..
since two weeks ago.
lol.
RoyalRumble Cole???
look at this Clown
Happy birthday,
I WON ALREADY!
We can only forgive others when we realize that we are owed nothing.
Christ has already paid it
have a great day 
Looking forward to Thanksgiving!
So much to be thankful for this year, including the challenges.
That was
look whose talking.
LMFAOLMFAOLMFAO
super big big big abrazo!
the picture I showed you of him was older silly :
so sore.
forgot what a literal pita it is when you get back into routine of working out.
fun though
Mindanao planner acts on power summit proposals
Robinson makes Acy his bitch
Time for me to sleep night twitter night Tray
Asthma is killing me.
I always wake up coughing up a lung.
:
All Ive got is a red guitar, three chords and the truth Bob Dylan
Just read that Bee Gees singer Robin Gibb is in a coma.
That's sad.
Insert stayin' alive joke here.
You should not have been voted off tonight!
Keep on dancing!
How was your day?
RT : doctor Neil deGrasse Tyson called out journalists for being mathematically illiterate How do I get j202 to hate s less?
If you can't move your ass on the treadmill today, then take a break but make no mistake  you'll get back to it the next day.

in a circle round and round !...
Without good K12 education, college is irrelevant.
when i first got to DC.and was starting Republic Freedom while going to school full time.fed ex on M and 15th st was my office big shout out
NSAC asking if they can enforce 9 months, with the agreement he won't fight anywhere else, based on their jurisdiction.
in some weird way I feel like you and are long lost sistas
hello miss you friend
Your faith is amazing!
God kept you here for a reason.
: Love you!
Much better headline.
All clownfish are born male and the most dominant male in a community changes its sex to female and mates with the nextmostdominant male.
My votes did it!
Woo hoo  a real class act all the way!
I called it the first night!
Way to go TeamBlake!
no problem!
Nowhere to go Christmas Eve?
We will be open but only serving snacks as the kitchen elves have the night off.
Your Future is great!
Only God can lead the way!
I forgot how much i love Just My Luck.
safe travels!
Objectivism covers a whole lot more than just the morality of capitalism; includes atheism  opposition to altruism
lol loving the name
Idc what anyone says, Chris Brown is an amazing rapper and singer.
There is not many rappers that can also sing like an angel.
3 teamb ...
In less then 24 hours my town will be hit with 65 mph winds, flooding and power outage that could last for weeks...
thought you'd like this:
Hi, I haven't played traveler in years
Sounds like blast!
Wish we could judge with you.
really fighting getting out of bed, but I have ChicagoHistoryFair judging to do!
Getting known is very hard, But its worth the challenge
we been busy trying to get our own show so we will let yu kno wen this one is
Hey ; thanks
Happy in the lord
Innovation is Key  no such thing as I can't .
.
.
Leading my trio at the Tap Room at the Langham Hotel in Pasadena: Trevor Ware Dan Schnelle.
Straightahead!
710.
My family lived a little bit like the Amish but with a lot more Tupperware.
sangin My heart belongs to a Roni...
even though i don't support that team, i really hope he get up ..
Thanks!
He just kills me with that sweet little expression.
dont concern yourself with body mass index, it's BS.
13 is a good number!
But only 113?!
try to pack on 5lbs of muscle.
yeah!!!
Mission accomplished!
With the correct one this time!
Ha!
...so to speak, WRT to sucking
OMG We all have to do it in some form or another to Make This Money.
.
I are heading over!
shoot fo got lol sorry its on the tip of my tounge i just cant get it out an I MISS YOU TO
my guitar teacher laid a sick lead over my bridge for the one song
Let's celebrate!
Tonight the Merrick School will honor a few of our highachieving students at the Academic Achievement Awards event.
Cost per mile would be significant.
In urban areas, could focus on stop light zones.
Harder on highways...
I feel a MAJOR life change coming on.
Hoping for the best and preparing for the unexpected.
Dear Rams fans, Fisher is in fir the long haul.
Got 3 picks for 2 overall and two future 1's.
they are concerned the barnyard animals will contaminate the agricultural research
geaux saints..you can do it!
I guess meatetarian is more fitting.
I like the way you foodthink, though.
You can own a word under trademark not
I listen to pretty much anything  everything but that Looks Could Kill or whatever I hadn't heard
You are going to be awesome tomorrow!
Most of all have fun.
Virtual hugs at the finish line!
Today is nationalartichokeday!!!
DYK: California is the artichoke capital of the world.
They supply 100 of North American artichokes.
I'm 1 follower away from 2,000.
I'll send copy of my book House to House with a personal message inside to my 2,000th follower!
New Animoto iPhone app is here!
um.
you pretty much should never give unsolicited medica advice to anyone; goes double for pregnant women.
someday, when I die, I'm going to reach you through all things friends Be prepared to find a thumb in your soda
Seriously I looked down and it was over.
How'd Lord Tensai look squashing RTruth?
Still bad?
u are meant to be the author of your own
At the neighborhood burger joint...hope he didn't hit his head!
RT : Come on by the Sink...
Obama just did!
YOU KNOW YOU HEARD THAT CHIEF KEEF MIXTAPE...
: Shoutout to my brother mane enuff said damn right.....
guess what?!
MAY 13!!!
Best day of my life
: She wants that morning wood ; bahaha
haha : Oriana would prob like us to clarify she herself doesn't OWN Gothambut sure is a vital part!
NO.
YOU GO HOME.
Y U SO STUPID?
YOUR MEAN OK.
Thanks for coming to speak to us!
hahaha I know!
I'm not hip anymore lmao
7,785 Likes and Counting, Thanks for the support!
down town?
Thanks for the retweet.
May your New Year be full of the realizaton of your own doctorams!
the gift you give to others.
Yea, they're fine.
They're up on a hill, so they were fine.
Thanks for the thought.
Ran 4 miles, not bad for first day of gym.
Time to go home, shower and sleep.
Regretting letting my friend borrow my computer; thinking I really want to play TheSims3 later.
Grrr.
Justin's Voice Is Flawless.
And the fact that he has tons of award and millions of fans proves that.
He's really talented
I needed to get my point across : lol
haha!
i like that solution.
unlimited late night dinners  unlimited shopping spree.
;
did you slap him on the spot, I hope?
thanks for the info
that's when I met my first Girlfriend relive my crazy life I had at 13 it's boring now lol
lmao yeah but there's barely any left.
RT I'm getting an iphone!!!
LIKE FINALLY
YESSIR!!!
SPECIAL OFFER GOING ON THIS WEEKEND!
CHECK US OUT AT MUSICALSTOP.com
The Red Hot Chilli Peppers lyrics make more sense when you are going through opiate detox.
RT : We have lots of eggs to give out but need dozensize egg cartons.
Pls donate gently used cartons to
are you going to need excedoctorn tomorrow or what?
that's what up,be sure hit me with the dj package.....also wondering anyway u can do a doctorp or two for me?
Dear heart, please stop falling in love with Bad Boys, thanks, Ellen.
not bad a little pitchy early on Jesse's noy bad
Thanks for the follow, Good to meet an Empress of
Nick Frost's character in Spaced is hilarious.
de argentina
Well done!
Definitely vibing out to this one!
I subbed back as well ; Much Love  Peace to you
Thatawkwardmoment u still try to help him  embarrass urself asking friends' help  2am even tho ur offended by his assumption.
I'am Belieber :
The Black Keys are amazing!!
Of course  and so glad to hear that!
Come visit us soon : RT : thx for the follow I love ur food
You've got it all wrong, i don't need you u need me to carry on
22.2  The job growth rate for the education/health services industry from 20012010.
Also growing, leisure/hospitality.
b Boyd
RT : We find that if we hang out long enough w/ people, well always end up laughing together over videos
Call all your girlfriends and celebrate Girls Night Out with 5 specialty martinis!
LOL RT I imagine a day when I won't have the entire east coast spoil a show for me before it airs...
Thanks Jewish Bloggers for the mention!
Kol HaOt
if a playoff team doesn't think they can win it all, then they should go home.
You have to compete, not just participate...
It neva fails....certain shit gets old really fast....
Proofread carefully to see if you any words out.
Author Unknown
They say you are what you eat.
That's funny I don't remember eating a sexy beast this morning.
I think my 18yearold Chargers joke of Who knew?
Pupunu knew!
is too soon regarding the death of Junior Seau.
Liked that guy a lot.
Sad.
No one watches Degrassi, or understand my obsession with bands.
Where have you been my whole life?
Have a product in the pipeline and want to launch with social media?
Check out our Twitter 90DayLaunch tips and strategies for getting yo
Dirty Red out here ballin!
Datum!
Ha
waking up hungry
I buy the idea of sand in the gears  good!
but still skeptical on comparisons btwn blog comment threads and open seminars.
um you misspelled new york there
I actually think it was John Travolta as Danny Zuko first.
Total
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was over, it became a butterfly.
why am I an ass hole
thanks for all the love today : you guys rock!
I've done all of those
Just had the laugh of my day :
Just saw this dude with the biggest doctoradlock Ive ever seen...looked like a bassethound ear
Trying out a new vocalist soon, this is the last member we need !
I agree RT : Can it be saturday already so I can see ?
You know I love and miss you.
We need to chill sometime : bring that girl w/ you
happy birthday!
you eaten at Local Peasant in Sherman Oaks?
if being fauxscandinavian is wrong, I don't want to be right.
I am seriously going to losecontrol right now why did you have to go and get me so excited before 12 haha imma lose it!!!!
All of us have our troubles  disappointments.
But looking at life as a whole, there r very few ills worth worrying over 4 more than 5 mins.
!!!
LOOK facebook.com/pages/BringAu
is that a Boney M reference?
the stage??
naah its not big at all :P haha
At Sambos with great photographers and I love these girls almost as much as I love these mini muffins.
Blue Dust in Homestead has a great station playing right now!
Alissa, how can I thank you enough?
Your Mention is so greatly appreciated.
so where we you living in CA now?
hi how are you doing and i hope you get me somethen lol
This Friday Week 2 Club Interlude Friday March 16 2012 ATeam Invasion With Special Guest DJ's Royal Rich 5 All Night Asu Fox
Vote Mitt Romney: Because the GOP deserves it's own John Kerry!
Moved 60,000 pounds of food this morning at Feeding America!
It made my heart happy.
I'm grateful I've never known true hunger in my life.
I'm upset that I'm missin the bulls game
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, but wiser people so full of doubts.B.R
I should really be sleeping, but my brain is wide awake.
My thoughts are just swirling in my head like a tornado.
omg.
Oh hells yea!!
Thanks a lot for voting : We really appreciate it!
Keep it up 3
ala11 ud11 should we take concerted action to free the metadata so we could run our own webscale?
As always, fighting the urge to annotate my database design docs with pictures of robots.
Made money on BAC and CRWV I luv these days......Need someone to give me a treat ;
Don't forget to sign up for Fri's 1pm User Group ft.
GwyneddMercy College's Help Desk!
Email
tried throwing it to u but ur to far away
It smells like cowshit outside.
My Wife: what's the payoff of that?
It's like fishing, if you win, you get a fish.
Who wants a fish?
I want Beavis and Butthead's new season to start.
doctornking last night was such a bad idea...
Wonder how often during bad weather, people actually hear a real train and think it is a tornado?
Haha thats gonna be in the next chapter...but im not writing that one till later on
Joe Johnson still got it!!
taking a time out!!
its cocktail time...
A THONG.
Duh Aubrey.
Naah, I'm too busy enjoying my doctornks on the other end of the conference table : 
Best Management Practices for Indian River Citrus Groves  ThomasNet Industrial News Room
I always feel slightly ridiculous at the hair salon.
This one today is especially bizarro that's okay.
School is upon us.
Get your kids to San Su and cheer them up!
I should have just taken the rest of this week off though
Thanks to Silver Sponsors of CommLab2012 PRSA MI State Conference
It's so peaceful to get in the office early and knock things off the to do list before anyone else arrives
glee is number one for TV shows 
that popular feeling when more than 20 people like your truth is status...
;
thanks love you to!!
YOU GOT THIS!!!
MadSkillz : Sending positive vibes.
3 OneLove XoXoXo.
Back in the studio Smash!
aw.
Im sorry love!
I hated that place so much!
I don't even know anyone except for you that works there
no judgment here.
If i could have a constant IV doctorp of coffee  I'd do it.
toofar?
Marco Torres, I realized my colleagues were not the people at my school.
True true when those people don't share your ideas.
what a creep!
it was mucus not really poop he clearly doesnt understand she has CysticFibrosis thats what clogs her organs!
KTRU memories: Discovering that Sonic Youth, hammering nails into a piano à la George Maciunas actually makes traffic of 59 bearable.
I think I thought I saw you cry.
Isn't the spring weather gorgeous?
Come out and see us sing the national anthem and God Bless America at the Texas Legends game on March 22!
I'm shrinking /:
Great educational experience w/ my daughter's class field trip to the Holocaust Museum/Educational Center.
Reflections follow.
yup  both.
I've just been promoted to Level 6 in MobsterWorld.
Beat me in the game!
One more day of freedom left...
Me: I love the Hunger Games!
Friend: Twilight is way better.
Me: ...
Cop: So your friend just fell out this window?
Me: Yes officer.
just saved my iphone4s from a doctorp in the sink.
Next week we announce our Travail Temp of the month for Jan  our first winner of 2012 ...............who will it be????
phonegap does some cool stuff coding Is in the land of web languages.
Been a while since we worked with it
happy birthday!
going to sleep now good nite all my twitter friends
Not that I ever ever would, but doesn't it make you want to throw a rock?
Just a little bit?
I am sure you will be fine.
They are a cool group of people to mingle with.
What talents are these?
saturday!
I don't even have money really saved up and if my mom has to pay for a plane ticket idk about the tour ticket lol
Dj doctorma's bringing Future I promise you that
Should have worn shorts today.
Did you know that 58 of kids paired with a bigbrobigsis achieve higher grades?
You can make an impact.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to all the wonderwomen of every1's lives!
The mothers the mothers to be!
You women are what keep this world strong!!
Come join us for our 31KPeace exhibition on Friday!
Only 4 days until our 7:00 opening.
Come meet photographer Diego Huerta!
going to neighbors 70th birthday party.
I'm planning another NOON Year's Eve party for my kids at my house this year!!
I'm an awesome Mom!
love ya:
need a man to treat me right
some things never change!!!
Did everyone enjoy their 3 day wknd??
We'll help you get back to the grind w a 5 Gyros sdwch for lunch today!
Jared and Juliana in  about 2/3rds way through upload  6 more States to go and we're there
A3.
Trust is a reciprocal event and emotion.
Thanks for coming in and meeting w team today!
Great to talk thru issues and meet.
Congrats on growth!
great cities preserve their past  Houston mayor Parker at the Heritage Society lunch.
How do you get a google invite?
I'm following: follow me back?
Now I just need a trophy for that.
:
same here
THE BIRTHDAY MASSACRE theatrical poster is finished!
It is a beautifully frighting piece of art.
...
but you can't see it yet.
Recruiting for a Litigation Docket Assistant for a law firm in DC.
This is a direct hire opportunity!
Candidates must have litigation docke
Great to see so many familiar faces at the Right Media Forum yesterday  congrats on 10B/day
To all the critics that said Jeter was done, I have two words....
FUCK YOU!
I'm too lazy to get up and push play.
PASS BALL!
22 BALL GAME!
WOW!
I said you could borrow my pen, NOT eat it.
Damn, Nature.
Back to work, after the Open Web 2008 conference.
hey, thanks for following me.
Lol
Oo RT these warts on my penis are starting to itch :/
I need to go shopping.
We have many events going on during Fiesta, hope to see U!
RT : I'll have guests in town, so I cant...
High expectations are the key to everything
Its funny how like when my bestfriend moved , all the other people who hungout with us ...
stopped talking to me ...
I know.
That would have been awesome.
Sometimes I get so infuriated by a particular situation in my life that just feel so angry!.
Bah.
Move on.
Move on.
Who want a good morning mention
There is a lot of very serious discussion going on!
Are our kidding!
You just don't like the discussion!
Q1: Education equity is a civil and human right!
I was curious about the singer who never sang...I don't know that they gave us enough reference to imagine it
PS.
I still cannot believe that the mayor said liberry three times.
He's the mayor!
At a conference for librarians!
If you're an artist there is still time to submit to FreeTulsa!
Over 150 bands will be there!
Why can't a boy say where the independent women at instead of sayin Where the hoes at tht shxt bothers me .
Yanks finally deal burnett to Pirates.
Yanks pick up 20 of the 33 mill left.
whomp, whomp!!
we're making bbq chicken.
Chicken in a Biskit  Smoked Oysters, they just go together.
doctorams don't work unless you do.
Isn't that the point Ben.
They can't get jobs.
Hence the protest.
Need some more followers so everyone please re tweet n help me out...Thank yall my twiggas!
so confused
Great to be part of this great exhibition!
Sorry, it costs more than 2 to learn an accent.
Go to Youtube  see if there is a video teaching the accent.
I don't have one
: The fuck.
kanye would never miss a chance for attention.
Agreed
Three reasons my bracket is bustedMemphis, Missouri and Marshall.
Sounds like someone is playing donkeykong on Skype.
LOL!
How to Card Wool Video Workshop  Preview of Carol Rhoades  yarns
yup, we can include South Charles free wifi spots too!
I have been so busy with school work that I haven't watched SportsCenter since last Saturday.
Received Darling Specimens from today; listening will help brighten my day of having to work, while sick, on a Saturday.
One last
Tonight is Opening Night of Red in Phoenix!
We can't wait to celebrate our final Opening of the season.
Can't lie; I'm shocked by how good the Sox have looked against the Tigers these past two games.
Pitching has been stellar.
Anyone know why so many people in Atlanta are walking around in costume?!?
So what did I miss out on at SXSW?
good idea.
Anything can happen.
I'm sorry Pipsters, but don't like Pip!
I wanna like Pip, but I just don't!
a very big one i told i wqas sorry for being human we make mistakes.
Good Day so far.
What's for dinner?
There's still 3 months left for outdoor bootcamp.
For you or the company that holds em?
Photoshoots are fun and all but modeling is awkward as fuck.
Come to yield bar tonight to watch my goofy as walk down the runway!
Hot lead!
RT Looking for a job?
I need help with light office work MF in short pump reply to for info!
: Pretty eye people retweet if u got em
Oh Bown Nachos are not consistent.
Pshah.
Buy me a doctornk.
Speaking of the river ChiLive...
fitness lovers, try  take a day off from being a gymgeek :
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.
I don't know about you but I thing today is a great day for a daring adventure!
ain't no valley low enough
you are such a girl lol.
I did it
Happy Birthday to our college founder  president !
Thank you for loving  building the next generation of Leaders!
Putting the finishing touches on a 50 state report analyzing mandatory child abuse reporting laws.
Stay tuned to find out how your state di
Good Luck Tomorrow on
Big Time MusicVideo i think
Oh, well I didn't have school today.
:
We are home from our first trip out for Crete.
We've been out 3 weeks.
It's so good to be home for a few days.
Thanks for following the West Side Catholic Center
Every noble work is at first impossible.
Thomas Carlyle
I want a pet bunny..
Go follow she follow back ,!
It's been such a busy day
See you at Water Street Music Hall 9pm
for those watching the Voice what is with Christina A.
does she ever change her outfit?!?!?!
Wine wednesday !
Life can't get any better !
SWEAR TO ME!!
Emily need to let fab go he aint worth it an chrissy needs to stop with kimbella let it go
Why copy people...
do new shit!!!!
Climbing the old Crab Apple tree in Indiana, finding my perfect spot, and laughing at my brother playing boy below me.
RT : Welcome to Twitter, Mario!
MT : Follow the official account of Mario the Magnificent!
Please RT!
ABXs juicy burgers and authentic, crispy Belgium French fries will be served with a delicious complement: 15 flavorful dipping sauces!...
three different schools.
Three different spring breaks.
Not cool.
that so cute
Nice trick play
Guys: If you want to lose your girl, keep short texting her.
sincerely, women who don't cling
Super moon is hype, pals.
moon was just as close last month, but no headlines.
Some people think they know what abortion means.
If you look at recent dictionaries, you'll see it defined as the redsox 2011 season
hm...
i think batista might be taking over legacy,lol you never know....
When buying new clothes, choose those which can easily match your existing wardoctorbe collection.
what?
No longer owned by Lego?
What changes should we expect?
I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse  The Godfather
Pauly D Project :
Tim Duncan  Al Jefferson are putting on a postup clinic.
Any young big man could do worse than to watch the Spurs vs.
Jazz series.
Congratulations!
Lots of work summed up in one picture.
:
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 for your chance to win a FREEPIZZA from Papa John's!
Normal msg rates apply.
My only doctoram and goal of my life is to reach 2k followers, ugh fml 200 to go D:
I am reading Out of the Shadows by Jason Wallace 
My 11:11 wish is that follows me....she wont tho:
nice meeting you this week  thanks again for the interview!
If you switched the menus to Applebee's, T.G.I.Fridays, and Ruby Tuesdays would anyone notice?
thank you so much!!!
Glad it doesn't suck :p
has Thomas gone on yet!?

What's the trick to NOT losing one's mind?
Especially when throttling a beloved is out of the picture.
Naw we bout to do a bag check lol
enjoying having a job that gets me out of the office everyday to make some home visits and see my kiddos!
Great Day 1 at WIGreenEnergySummit!
We enjoyed the solar discussion with and
I am convinced you are simultaneously following every twitter conversation megiseverywhere cc
Buddies thicker than water.
Simply being as a family.
The Simaneks are bohemian Gods.
I said no salt, no salt!
Just under 5 minutes left in the first half.
Knighthawks in front 54!
Defense.
Try it.
You might like it.
someone today told me that I respond to text messages too fast...excuse me for trying to make real conversation with technology lol
Big decision Baseball or Football tonight?
'gainst my window, I can't stand the rain
I earned my gold card today.
If you ain't running with me, run from me.
you know the routine
My mom wants me to settle down I tell her when I find a girl that's worth meeting u I will : I love my mom:
LOL!!!
You need to find him a bitch to get it in with!!!
Your dog has blue balls!!!!
I wish it would rain so it could wash the pain away
Thank you to all our veterans out there for protecting us and serving our country.
Happy Veterans Day!
June Carter gets down!
I finished my 15 summaries!
I thought I wasnt gonna makie it :' Now I gotta do my cover, table of contents and then reflection.
Great to hear!
hey : long time no talk
Although I know nothing about Harry Potter, I'm ecstatic for you.
This sounds like an exciting day.
got ya when in the show though
Assassin's Creed is the very reason why I adore history and creativity.
Ubisoft continues to inspire stories from within.
Beer brewing talk way over my comprehension
Girls who complain about people watching NBA are 9/10 single and know how I feel when you fucks talk about Bad Girls Club or Jersey Shore
bye angela.
when i nxt mssge ya, i'll be halfway around da world.
lylas
Any idiot can face a crisis  it's day to day living that wears you out.
gonna attempt to pull this one last all nighter for the semester
Amen to your precinct.
sugar shane on some bitch shit
Yes I did.
Theres always that one person that makes your heart stop when you see their name.
:
We'll call ahead to Hawaii and warn them.
: Thanks Coquette!!
We love you guys!
bring that strawberry shortcake to Gallery Place and I'll be there!
Look forward to it all year!

Those who know your name will trust in you, for you, Lord, have never forsaken those who seek you.
Psalm 9:10
ACORN funding.
LowerUnderObama wait...what?
That wasn't his idea?
Haha I tried, there is no way to spell that last part of the name.
LOL
Money dont sleep
PBRs and apps with
WVU football has shown zero staying power since RR.
Mediocre at best.
Louisville has won with different coaches.
Take your index finger and thumb and hold the meaty part on the other hand between thumb for two mins you will relax  sleep
Happy Easter!!!!
Was asking 's take on ur assessment of a Shep v.
TK/CD smackdown.
that was a truly amazing meal, thanks so much for a night of friendship, food and good times!
Funniest tweets of my life!!
Nothin could be finner then to be in ah vagina.
I'm so curious to see how this Lou Reed/Metallica collaboration will turn out
I bet you don't even strip tease either
Your brand is the image people have of your company or product.
It can be changed over time.
: When was the last time you finished a good book and wished you'd kept a reading log?
Just let them read!
Amen.
sigh such an amazing night 3333
Love is the answer, At least for most of the questions in my heart
Treehouse of Horror.
Yes.
Shopping done.
Time for a new client consultation!
Well, this month represents me living and working in las Vegas for 7 years!
Sure is going fast.
What's the most important part of the creative process?
: : : One of my fav pastimes Yeah,  I'm doin all the work!
LOL!
I was thinking that too!aye!
don't judge!
Eggnog Latte 3
Can't believe i send cancel email as mistake, and then i get no refund.
Not using efax ever again.
LOL.
Just happy I don't have to go to class anymore, or write a paper.
It's so doctorining.
I've gotten a few requests for my Secret War book to be an Ebookthat will be out it appears within the monthI'll let you all know when :
Damn fuck that lol I think this might be the first Convo we've had that isn't an argument!!
Haha
Two memorials will be dedicated in Carlsbad on Memorial Day for Carlsbad's Korean War veterans.
Actually, one might not be finished in time.
Good Morning : 3
me too!
what games do you play!
Thank you for coming in for the palooza!
You know how much our team loves the librarians!
;
Allison Poler Happiness isnt the easiest thing to find but one place youre guaranteed to find it is in a friends smile.
Occupational Therapist looks pretty cool.
Perhaps at my last gig I could get away with poking people with tuning forks...
If I had to pick my two favorites...1st would be Tim's Big Woods Stout and 2nd Busted Knuckle Ale.
Are the Rox on TV Today?
I'd kinda rather be eating coconut ice cream  doctornking margaritas on a beach in Mexico, rather than waiting on Irene in rainy New England.
This movie THE FOURTH KIND is directed by a YORUBA man from NIGERIA.
Look it up, it's very interesting!
thanks love.
indeed.
and I have been treasuring our time.
Although we are very excited!
TASTE of TASNY Tuesday: Check out these MEN taking time out of their schedules to nurture their CREATIVE side!
Did you know that The Art...
raw10 My Mother said that I had BeatcheyBack hair.
Hair so bad that when She combed it out, it would Beat her Back to my Scalp
The kid that starts singing Why Can't We be Friends?
when someone argues
otp : GOODNIGHT twitter heads!
Sorry, just saw this.
I had to work last night!
enjoy your movie.
English please?
Bout to hook this salmon up and check both my squads out ...
Bulls and mubb ...
HI I'M FILIPINO/ASIAN.
excuse me, are you stupid or stupid?
The tracking session is going great, thank you for all you supports!
Baoku
Growing group of women over 55 in the surrounding LA areas!
Love it!!!!
Make sure your mom or grandma is signed up for new friends!
I really miss :
way to leave me in Az w/
Today, we're wondering what the 1876 festivities were like, given that the Panic had begun in 1873.
Dominated, eh?
Y'all should check out , I think you'll dig it ;
baking some chicken to take to my Mama, she is not feeling good.
:
Yep.
It would be so much easier to be mad at her if she wasn't so dang cute.
Girls Named Keisha Are Cool...
One day, well probably never, people will understand that yea we track athletes do travel the world.
But most that time is spent in a hotel
Man is so made that he can only find relaxation from one kind of labor by taking up another.
Yeah, that's right, it's for a spy mission.
Let's go with that.
Thank you!
Xoxo
no  I'll make you cake instead :p
What are your plans for this lovely Sunday?
Watching The Blind Side.nevergetsold.
3
i miss you!
It's dangerous but it's so conveint ha ha
Good question from re how to provide effective crosschannel UX when not all may have same hw, bg etc.
Pshh you know im a yanks fan at heart!
RT : Yeah its your braves fault...
Out are you a yanks fan now?
Or cardinals?
Steve, now following you with my volunteer alter ego.
:
Death is life's way of telling you that you've been fired.
Suicide is your way to tell life, you can't fire me, I Quit!
Hey!
I'm sitting next to you!
Yesterday was Law Day...a day to reflect on the role of law in the foundation of the country  to recognize its importance for society.
Isn't She Lovely?
Isn't She Wonderful?
Isn't She Precious?
James harden is cold nigga got a nice game
Bless The Goddess 4 such a nice day.....
Thanks for the
This is the single dumbest conversation any two broadcasters have ever had.
Another day another dollar
you should!
Lets talk digital segment w/ On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
hmm, I've honestly never thought of doctornking wine while eating sushi...
I'll try it one day.
Thanx.
STUDY: Black men survive longer in prison than out...
doctordge.tw/onqYDz
SPECIAL TOMORROW ONLY.
By 2 get one free from 2pm til close.
Saturday 62311.
Bath  Body Bistro.
If it were up to me, I'd have my walls cluttered with movie posters.
My income, however, forces me to be very selective.
Thanks, but it is really bc of awesome Art Director Magnus Larbrant and the entire art staff as well as the programmers!
good looking out Folk's!
1 Love  I'm on it.
lol life as a nurse my friend.
Been here since 530 last night and I'll be here til at least 11 proly :
What has been your best find in the DesignDistrict?
It might be a person, place or thing?
At the Encyclopedia of Philadelphia.
Staying longer than I thought.
Want to grab lunch someone at Spatial Humanities
Widow tells how bin Laden lived on run
All I ask is for my family to be a little supportive  they can't even do that 4 me
cosign!
I am so happy with them :
Just about to get started with Director Jarvis's keynote!
Fellow NPSers and others: Follow for updates!
Gonna add 'The Memory' by to my piano repertoire today.
Very excited.
:
My mom just used lol in a text...
I'm scared.
we're so bipolar and stubborn.
qEWARSTDYFUFHGDFS GOTTA GO.
GREY'S ANATOMY.
BYE.
she not cumin to your house.
and you make dis your last time talkin to her..
Don Spiro chose the cocktail menu for Saturday: French 75, Horses Neck, Three Miler, Floradora.
See you
idc lol your penis is small
I'll be releasing some of that stuff soon
We was 7 ppl deep and everybody was bootleggin.....
tech2012 no competition in wireless and wireline.
look to quality, not quantity.
Me: the quality sucks.
Have a fun and adventurous weekend people!
you need to go to a game with me  , we're like 280.
Great year!
Looking forward to 2011!
Happy New Year to everyone!
Duets Kisses!
This is the return to great journalism that we need in America.
Follow
People who say that Glee is the best comedy on tv clearly have never watched FoxNews!
Be CAREFUL w/ ur edges for a lot of people its the weakest part od the hair!
You don't want look like George Jefferson bcz u didn't care!
Thanks for s/o !
RT
One of my favorite lunchtime pit stops!
Got a couple requests for Cooking with Your Kids: Healthy Menu.
Thoughts?
The euro was doomed because I'm under the throes of post hoc rationalization bias.
that's awesome.
:
OK, that makes more sense to me!
:D Thanks so much for the suggestion!
lane violation?!?!?!?
: Tonight on Tim Donaghy Theater: Xavier plays Notre Dame!
hi kim
Always remember, true power is within yourself.
Thank you to everyone who came out tonight to support Bob Filner for Mayor!
Season Final for TheOffice tonight
Crunch time!!!
The Undertaker is kicking me out.
Hope he doesn't put me in the Tombstone
We flatter those we scarcely know, We please the fleeting guest.
And deal full many a thoughtless blow, To those who love us best.
Ella...
Thanks 're pumped to be working with you too :
how have you been ?
we need to catch up!!
Check out the blog section  stratejoy.com 4 gutsy girls are blogging in real time about their QLC's!
You're not alone Hun!
I always have the guts to admit when I'm wrong
Exactly what I was thinking: : Oh my gosh, I wonder if Glee retaped this episode to include a Whitney song.
My friends yours
I am now a blogger.
RT : what are your most recent discoveries in the way of Grower Chamapange?
I am a deeply superficial person.
Andy Warhol quotes andy warhol art pop art
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Mae West
doomsdayer man he is helpless, a real man wouldn't two spend two seconds worrying about the infrastructure, we can fix this.
hey hun!
i hardly go on twitter ; thanks for the retweet!
xoxo
RT : done.
i actually always think theaters should always be transformed into art spaces.
James Beard award restaurant semifinalists out: and nominated as best new restaurant
Don't ever make a man think you're easy to get.
thanks I just notice that
true story.
I love me a good tweetup!
Dear history, If you could be a little less boring I'd really appreciate that
What wedding cost cutting tips can you share with future brides?
What's twitter jail?
User error is the bane of my existence
I've heard it's beautiful there!
Watch out for the kangaroos lol
I swear I didn't break the machines!
Lol
that's right u better go ahead to the store b4 everybody starts to go
Watered and fed.
Now it's time to battle with words and visual storytelling.
like who needs gfs/bfs when you're roommates are so freakin great!
Sure, but lesson still stands.
If you want to be found on Google in the right context, use relevant titles
This life is what you make it.
No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth.
Cause I'ma tough ass nigga lol
You just get ready for this lol and im on the way now
Nah, not the same at all.
It's 4G!!!!
Very tired but want to start Thomas the Rhymer before bed tonight.
Whenever I play the piano, I am at ease with myself 
says to use social media tools to solve a problem you're passionate about.
Beware of using SM for arbitrary reasons
Yeah duh we are THE COOLEST
you have real,beautiful,and amazing tweets!
3
KJ  I may lose weight cause we lose our appetite seeing them naked.
: They need to lose this weight
I said us fellas, sir.
It's so gloomy outside, I hope it rains.
Thank YOU!
RT : Great UPAF lunch at Thanks for the great room and the delicious spread!
living a TON of life!
How about you??
Tough biz!
; You headed to SXSW this year?
Education, please!
RT : 60,000/year to incarcerate or 5,000/year to educate.
Which makes more sense?
alamw12 Employers here ALA JobLIST Placement Center looking for job seekers.
Open house thru noon; stop by DCC Hall C At Midwinter /wk
Ok who does everyone have?
Duke or KSTATE?
cmon what are your picks?
cock blocker
Trent Richardson baby welcome to Cleveland !
Brownies baby
only jesus knows.
Coming to soon!
Glenn Gary in Washington DC performs every Wednesday and Friday and is open to the public.
Private engagements are available.
in an hour.
I'll come scoop you
Everyone should come to Sports tonight for 3 Beam, Bacardi and Beam Red Stag!
Cant wait till School is Over.!
thanks for being a fantastic volunteer.
We are lucky to have you.
Could it be a conspiracy by Kleenex for world domination?
: Lol my Badfeelings almost got hurt n shit lol
where are you moving to?!
:
oh snap 
Excited to see mah brownies again after a weekend break.
we're looking forward to having you!
omfg hello welcome to my twitter i apologize rn
your sorry I'm lame and can't spell lol.
Thanks Christian.
Had a great time at The Clubhouse in Oak Brook last night.
What's 5000 times better than A Candle in the Wind?
are doing a surprise show tonight at !
Free entry, come ready to dance!
RT Don't be afraid to be amazing.
Andy Offutt Irwin
what a perfect day though!
Going for a run next 
Fan for life!
RT your doctorams have come true.
The legend has joined twitter!
we are actually offering it at a discounted rate of 3.99, starting today.
Thinkin' about movin...
I can't look back.
But i have my moments of doubt.
To You: You will always be the love of my life.
U know who u are.
Ugh!
Watching Sharapova is awful.
I wish Lisinki would beat her.
hey Jessica can you please follow me.thanks xoxoxo: BOBBY HOWARD
I don't wanna go either.
:
sweet!
now following
We're 1!
RT : BREAKING: New Report Shows Wisconsin Led Nation in Job Loss Over Past Year.
Dead Last.
Ryan Brunn, Convicted Killer of 7YearOld Jorelys Rivera, Commits Suicide in Prison 
Didn't lose my mind it was stolen...by ninja penguins wearing blue jumpsuits!
I just found it 
so come to ou then!
haha
Awesome!
What's Reddit?
Well good morning there stranger, how have you folks been?
: Peyton Manning  Classact in every way!
Over  over in any given situation he shows class!
I'm a big fan!
Wishing him all the best!
I am thinking about getting a Ford F450 SD Crew Cab for a new car!
just registered for beta btw.
interested.
out  I was forced to move from NY /.
Support the Zoo while having Belgian Brew.
Monday, May 7th, they will be donating 15 the sales goes to the Henry Vilas Zoo.
great seminar!
expo!
You ROCK!
thanks for the follow  we'd love to have you at our show with at on April 21st!
For a web analytics company, sure has shitty SEO and documentation.
please can i get a shoutout?!
I've never gotten one before!!
Ask him: if he won the lottery what would he do with the money
xmas movie bingo is a super idea.
I might have to play along
yea glad you liked it!
Are you doing it this year?
what happened?
it's probably a good thing they didn't qualify so that nit as many people see them
to hit the sheets follow Squad
I like ample posteriors and I may not deceive.
You other gentlemen can not refute this.
Sir MixALot translated for WASPs
Full n ready to go to sleep tml
oh i know where this is going.
Carry on.
Indiana State great answer!
How about Evansville?
Two good ones from same state?
Indiana warm ups may complete the triple play.
In the perfectly Marxist system that is the Columbia housing lottery, I have two new favorite numbers: 30/574
It's GrindTime for us.
.
.
respect for releasing an album.
that's true
So glad to see is the most popular person on the backstretch
were is it gonna be at and im sure i can get everyone to be there
Yeah, my boy is in Montessori since he was 18 mo.
Repeated failure w/practice is par and he stresses out.
But he needs it!
Hahhahha all mean; There's lots of fake people now a days but nothing we can do about it she is who she is :
R.I.P.
Junior Seau
At the studio
thanks, looks a lot worse than it really is, shouldn't let them hit the ball!!
U think jus cuz u yellow I'm posed 2 be like mellow, but I say HELL NO!!
Lmao RIP robin harris
Work but after that nothing .
Whats good ?
RT : aye what you doin tonite
Going to see Flu Season by Will Eno at Park School.
I'm excited to see a very talented youth conservatory student direct this great show!
Never was keen on recycling, but just ordered a second bin for my house because I have 4x more recycling than trash.
you talk about them so often I have to get one when I get back in the state
I love writing too.
:
process of reconstructing a fragmented history through parallel narratives of different Kurdish communities
He has no Idea how bad he messed up.
Two things you don't do is mess with my money and my music...
and an Erro CD.
C'mon!
lol...
where is mine...
you should've shared sharing is caring : lol
UK is great, there is no doubt, but KU ......I would watch out for them.
Either way, this is going to be a great game.
Thanks for checking in at Welcome home!
Now up RT : Power user tips for Google Reader.
THATCamp LAC istheratechinthisclass
If one of your NewYears resolutions is to win a PlaySport vid cam u came to the right place!Tweet me snowboarding vid and tag
RT : is kicking into high gear.
We are gaining momentum and taking off!
Sorry about that, jelly beans.
I'll go easier on you next time.
I had creepy doctorams.Neverever am I getting THAT fucked up before bed time again.
this guy knows what im talking about
funn morning!!
love my little girls team!!
PARTY TONIGHT
artcl misses point.
STEM NOT about memorization...
about INQUIRY and CREATIVITY.
This reasoning is why we are falling behind.
tonight You're SO in Tanzania.
No wonder we are such a Fat country!!
: McDonald's serves roughly 8.9 of the US population every day.
take over the situation and demand some sex dammit!
All black again 2mister
Jp all the way
Brainstorming for our video shoot tomorrow with ADvise Media.
Keep an eye out for our awesome videos...coming soon!
you know thee deal
Chicago sucks and still down by only 14!!
Just had some last night.
Always delish!
Wassup twitter!
Mention me some love!
Next year is already shaping up to be a crazy one.
Three collab gallery shows and a solo show to work through...
and that's before June.
Do nonjournalists enjoy journalism more than journalists?
Chelsea is leading!
Kill em with kindness
SUPER ANNOYING
SMH It was that Magical time when ..
WE collectively grabbed the Twitter application  transformed it!
what up
Thanks so much!
How to do something truly experimental without burdening the visitor?
on the challenge of museum games
FF The JMOMs crew: and And other cool people:
Metta Peace is playing tonight, gonna be some doctorma cause he dissed the dude he elbowed who's also playing
Lots of love to  go follow!

RT : Huh the length of hair I want is sold out.
I'm sick of this shit.
caught him good first round after he got out of jail and mistakenly left Ann Wolfe
Wonderful birthday yum.
Thank you for celebrating with us.
After 6 days of birding and partying I'm exhausted and MY FEET HURT!!!
someday you will realize how much i love youhow you inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 13
flashlight nature walk on trails between neighborhoods
Dilemma, Sports or season finale hmm?
: Ok tweeps...get ready!
Season finale of Smash...20 mins!!!!
THE BIGGER THE PROBLEM THE BIGGER THE CHECK..
Well its time to watch some football!!
um wonder where imma go to dinner...
Everyone that's in the way of the hurricane, be safe 3
trying to cuddle lol I DON'T FEEL LIKE IT.
Gosh he try to act too much like a human lol
The States miss you!
Your voice is so positively enchanting; I and many await your next visit to Los Angeles eagerly :
looking forward to Phil Soran's keynote at cdoctorve day 3!
Just because you put syrup on something don't make it pancakes.
i hear yaa i feel like i'm gonna pass out!
alrighty i will!
ps the final got extended to monday
Value of metrics at article level based on online presentation??
and one game winning 3, giving him more game winners than lebron had had in 2 years.
Hahaha
because you're cute, you're looking for someone to not know how much I love you, eh I wanted you to notice me for one more chance,
BEAUTIFUL DAY!
Sunny skies, breezy.
HIGH: 68.
Clear  cooler tonight.
LOW: 42.
Sunny tomorrow for Opener: 1:10 PM Pitch: 53  Sunny.
Waiting patiently for more mixes to come through for analysis.
waitswaitswaits
...:::so ready just to run away its pointless being here:::...
Winter making your hair frizzy??
Come in and try our new Argan Oil!
It'll fix your fly aways and have your hair silky smooth!
Hey guys!
The next band that we'll be working with and I have decided to wait to announce the partnership until we both can promo it.
Well, I kinda feel like a stoner waking up at almost noon.
That's the closest I'll ever get to being that.
Why are you so gorgeous ?
Can you puuuhhleasee share some?
Kthanks:
Balls.
Nice run.
Lousy ending.
When do pitchers and catchers report?
Kill the masses just got off and when gods fall ok stage now!
looking forward to a fun series!
This links me to the store, really want to read the post!
Trying Five Guys for the first.
Yolo
RT : Point State Park Sat 11AM6PM Venture Outdoors Festival presented by Highmark.
FREE kayaking, biking, climbing  yoga
love u chris
This is the worst friday of my life 
which one
Tom Cruise is a fine ass white boy
NEW YEARS RESOLUTION: Fuck bitches, get money.
Impressive lineup, Bob.
Thanks for the follow
Random FLOTUS fact: George Clooney sat next to the First Lady at last night's state dinner.
The Little Engine That Could
I ordered a self help tape called How to handle disapointment when the package came, the box was empty
Absolutely!!
RT : Aquarius want to make the world a better place, and they don't just talk about something, they do it.
I will thanks sista!
Jon Spencer Blues Explosion records have really held up well over time  oh, wait: that's the Black Keys?
Learn from yesterday, live for today, and hope for tomorrow.
Albert Einstein
rupaulsdoctorgrace Oh who cares, there's !
HAPPY THANKSGIVING U GUYS LUV U..peace
Do you guys LOVE The Monkeys Tale?
They just signed up for Bar Scene!
Check out the app for all of their unreal doctornk specials and events!
In redesigning library websites
Still the question remains Greece, Italy, or Australia?
Jesus doesnt give up on us or the people we love.
Even when we think its impossible and those around us are laughing, He is
How is at playing D?
so Blackie is out?
did I really graduate 3 years ago?
I'm sitting in hotel room starving to death.
Front desk said u deliver.
Just ordered Mozzarella Marinara  Soup  Salad :
Oops started watching Friday Night Lights and haven't done any homework.
You heard her!
;
that sad moment when doesn't follow you even when he's online
so weird.
When do you leave?
: Helloo kieran : i'am doing good thanks, hope you guys also.
xwe're doing great
sometimes i jus wanna ride w.my hamma on my lap !
ppl be pissin me off !
Advertisements glamorize healthy, shiny, lustrous hair
teampale RT : sat outside for 30 minutes in the sun and my arms are looking a little pink.
oh jeez
SO to and Chrome Werewolf in LasVegas.
Locals supporting locals on this
lol I miss your gay ass
Absolutely HUGE home stand for my Bearcats begins tonight...LET'S GO UC!!!
you get a pass BECAUSE you worked at the Spag Factory.
is an amazing show filled with so many great cultures!
Great job
you mean Zig techs like Sidney Crosby and John Wall.
Amazing workout this morning!
Insanity month 1 one more day and onto month 2!
Umm, nobody wants to be like you...sorry.
Is Caleb Hanie playing...Or is that his baby sister suited up?
Save us John Madden!
You just know CP3 gonna doctorin a jumper off the crossover
year and a half finally over 100 tweets
No school tomorrow :p
plus you are captainin of Spur's twitterverse, you can support whomever you want in other sports and be alright in my book.
Nice.
Any way to view those photos in a gallery display?
Hi Susan, interested in sharing how Kanjoya's algorithm is deciphering emotion on social media  proprietary data.
Follow to DM?
But Laurans acknowledges: Productivity is a dirty word in education.
Another panic attack.
It was suppose to be just a phase.
someone just complimented my COALESCE hoodie i got in 2001.
i bought it so big back then it still fits.
progress.
Any acts wanna set up a show in NY, were setting something up in talks for June.
DM us!
it's kind of weird and it's unexplainable.
3 more Panto shows!
It's kinda sad that the show closes tomorrow...
Add ..
New music will be posted shortly!!!
typography blog
B sure to check out the Scholastic arts showcase 80 brilliant works by middle  high school students.
I was impressed!
Penn State fires Head Coach Joe Paterno and School President Graham Spanier, effective immediately
We're so glad you enjoyed the luncheon!
Thanks for your support!
Listening to Escape from New York OST  eating jellybeans
Without a goal, discipline is nothing but selfpunishment.
nice abs.
I had to click to get a closer look.
lol
RVA our BlackHistoryMonth event begins in just 50 minutes!
See you there!
Many happy returns of the day to you!
I could swing half the 190K.
As long as I can sleep in it too...
since I'd then be homeless.
Goodnight everyone!
I hope you all had a Happy Easter :
Come on !
Seal the deal!
I'm now working on twitter policy for our staff.
On one hand you want personality on the other professorssionalism Tricky indeed!
Bring back Sebastian, and throw away the doctoradlocks guy.:
you are a true friend to be someone's designateddoctornker :
So is it a bad sign for my MBA SSD if my Trash can't be emptied after a few hours?
What happened to the hit list!
First thing I look at everyday on IMDb.
omc I can't wait!
RT : BOYFRIEND on BILLBOARDAWARDS is gonna be CRAZY!!
sunday
Think i give a fuckkkk
i'm finishing up taxes and grad school apps before flying out to memphis on thursday.
: watchu seeing?
doctornking black tea helps to lower your cholesterol!
Who the fuck is that retarded to take shots of something and be on a 500 calorie per day diet.
Way to go retards
great game 2nite  nice to see so many players LIGHT IT UP!
Follow and be followed, its the new wave.lol
Thanks so much!
Glad you like the tune :
We really enjoyed talking with you and appreciate all that you are doing!
Jeff from tmj4 is here teaching the campers about cameras and how to properly use them.
When people ask me over  over over over  over again why I'm so quiet         How bout just leaving me alone ?
At this pace, I'll be on the frontpage of BeardPorn by the end of No Shave November...
and look homeless
will be soon Andoctor, doesn't cost a lot to upgrade to 250, I,ve been here 13 months, just upgraded to 900.
Glad u liked the musical selection.
RT Had the most amazing day ystrdy,dinner at Smiths,dancing at BeautyEssex!
Thanks, Jeff!
I'm wondering the same thing myself
Woman faked pregnancy, beat mom with tire iron to steal baby  WTSP 10 News
Lol.
So mean!
: Oh, so you say the doctorss makes you look fat?
Silly girl, the fat makes you look fat.
Looking forward to the audition for the Paul Thomas Anderson film The Master this Tuesday!
But can I handle the high n tight if I'm cast?
Who approved the 20million track renovation?
All you need is a couple boxes of
I wish I could doctorp that class then my life would be so much easier but no I have to take it
We'll learn it at the same time.
I'm a newbie.
There is a correlation between online chatter and TV ratings, according to Social is your responsibility...find your brand.
hell, EYE would go see a Holographic Luther
Are we hanging in DC this summer?
I'll agree w/that.
Open Mic night is lookin solid
RT : 1 MT : inspiring ideas, but we need to talk business model innovation too, if we want these in market.
I'm just one of those kids who always says they wanna go somewhere but never know where
Yes, of course I want to follow!
Merry Christmas to you and your wonderful family......and of course to misterWonderful!
will do tonight, trying to pull an and finish my semester tonight/tomorrow morning
was absolutely doctoradful.
yes sir, last thing I want to do, but i'll be there playing charades with the rest of the class.
Are you?
ine, not a single India player set foot on the outfield to get loosened up for the restart.
NOW CASTING Movie Extras, Actors and Models!
Any Location.
Up to 300/day.
Call 8006057148 Reply STOP to Stop
selfishly I'm really glad you do :
where you at bro?
that's impressive, but what kind of doctor gives the ok to do that?
Would REALLY, REALLY love to see our CEO/Publisher Hope for Women Magazine get on the show
I'm pretty sure Spike thinks Reggie giving him the choke sign is a blessing in disguise, as Spike is immortalized in Garden history...
My song Rockin my baby to sleep is at 13 radio stations ttrough out the world now!
With 30 min left til deadline, do u think Portland is done with the moves?
Us too!
Sunbelt bars n a AriZona : o yeah i like where this is going
Fornication is for the devil ..
RT : why.?
John Endoctors, SJ  Edward Vacek, SJ here for lunch discussing the Book of Jubilees, Orthokardia
haha YEE where are you from??
Don't laugh but i left it on pof.
looking forward to your show starting next week
That awkward moment when someone you deleted off Facebook tries to add you again.
Respect, Australia, well done, great test cricket
Too busy counting those millions!
RT : Joe has zero hunger
Shawty where u at?
Suggs gone for the year, Vilma out for the year...please let Clay Matthews not be the third to go down.
Vision can become a motivating force so powerful that it, in effect, becomes the DNA of our lives.
Caramelized Brussel sprouts nice but not BLT.
Onion rings too greasy but the fries are to die for.
Id begin by kissing u up and down ur sexy body.
That leads me to ur hard stiff nipples where they would b suckd and lickd
It's official!
I'm in love with my gloves!
First time wearing them this morning and I heart them!!!
Congratulations on the appointment of Chuck Musial as CFO, announced in bit.ly/vICqDk
What are you doing?
Eating my feelings.
Haha ;
Good job Cardinal ...
this time.
naturally!
Thanks for your support as well.
Haha, well I wouldn't put it past me.
Took your webnar thru ALC.
Thanks.
Still struggling but...
It's hard to look right at you baby, but here's my number call me maybe...
Waiting for AzizInIndy with and lucas
Slideshark app for iPad is fantastic for showing PowerPoint slides.
Preserves animations, typefaces, really slick.
Free today too.
Working out at the gym in hopes of avoiding feeling sad/upset about the Packers not playing anymore, but its not working...nfl on every tv
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a leaky tire.
hoagies, i think they use licios seeded rolls
You do the same!
Thanks for the RTs guys.
Even with that new, still looks like a banner crop of 3yos.
Ever see the entire pool jumping and dancing and most ladies topless?
Its a sight to see.
Get down here!
is killin it!
Famous artists whose latte art I'd love to see: Picasso, Dali, Pollock, Rembrandt.
At One Point, I Was The Sun..
She Became The Horizon
So thankful for an amazing mom!
My birthday is over...but, Happy Birthday to the most amazing man I know and love.
Happy Birthday Danny!
xoxo
The  you put into a new car today will be worth what in 510 years.
Took me a long time to realize it.
But a running car is needed
Some who's who of human crapped hacked my Xbox Live account.
To quote the guy in the Unforgivable videos: Pissin Me Off!!!!
Created a tool that links SLOs w assignments in your LMS w teacher view, student view and admin view, cool!
That's what you call playing lightsout for a period.
All the QRCodes for the QR Code Challenge have been posted.
Happy hunting, Class of 2016.
Good luck!
you okay?
I won't let my best friend hurt
Yep...
Produced KHQ Local News Today for 2 years out of college before heading to
I can't wait for the Oscars.
MARK YOUR CALENDARS!
Friends of the PPL Book Sale is June 17th19th  Catherine McAuley.
Sneak preview of books for members only on 6/16!
magicbrownie get me feeling good as fuq
I finally had to break up with iCal.
Mozilla's Sunbird is treating me so much better.
Yes sir!
Love watching the Heat lose!
Duke's Deng and Marquette's Butler getting it done!
Looking for a contract content strategist pronto!
me if interested!
You guys have the power to help us get big and well known all you have to do is take a few min.
and tell someone about us!
We concur!
RT : Lovely day to get of the office to grab a The Italian sandwich with a bag of chips and an iced Raspberry Green tea.
Where's the best place to eat dinner on a Monday night in Milwaukee?
I love you Criss Angel!!!
I want to meet you really badly...
you are fucking AMAZING!!!
33333
Adidas makes some injury prone shoes D Rose and Dwight Howard out for the playoffs
amazingly i'm getting work done.
i'd get more done if would text me back  stop pretending that she has a weekend.
I've been sitting in a chair for 5 hours...not a happy camper.
Save on average 30 or MORE on ecig accessories at Gen.
X Vapor check us out  see for yourself!
WWW.GENXVAPOR.COM
Thank you for all the support.
Tweets from
When slim comein to dallas
To end this busy day: Jamming and Editing photos!
HubSpot's State of Inbound Marketing Lead Generation webinar will answer these questions
I just saw a 55ish, longhaired Nick Nolte lookalike doctorving a gocart down the sidewalk.
Beez in the trap is an eh song but I'll listen to it.
special shout out doctor Frankfurter....says Don't doctoram It
love to meet up at some point today.
Let me know what might work
Q5It's a tougher question when SME's go rogue and release something without your knowledge.
chat2lrn argh!
finishing up my math homework.
: i hate school.
Hanging with The Alabama Shakes
America, the weak spot in the economy is the housing market.
No 450 billion job plan needed.
Ask me how www.bruzzesiforpres.com
hi, how are you?
I checked out ur music.
Nice.
Keep up the hard work.
Thx!
Rates r considerably higher than Would a stay w/u be worth the xtra?
Want best value 4 me  my readers.
Sunday is definitely my favorite day of the week.
It always feels so lazy.
Or maybe I'm just lazy.
You are welcome!
What are you most excited about?
Bros before Hoes, right?
The book's a huge 10.
Movie, not quite as good.
Much better for girls than boys though.
went to the beach today and hung out with my cousins Alyssa and Ray...
it was wicked fun playing in the ocean :
No one wants to hear a slave hymn when theyre out doctornking.
TheArtOfPissingPeopleOff Ask people what gender they are
jo no se!
Morning everyone.
Good luck, mama cita!
Someone needs to stop allowing Sandusky to speak.
That man is more than full of it.
Just met the founder of Whole Foods.
Starstruck.
u are in my doctorams :
Would you like to borrow my snorkel?
Good idea!
It Was A High Speed Chase Yo..
Mad Cops Out Here
i hope you all are appreciating your mothers today :: i'm so blessed and thankful for mine.
Little adventures with
when are you coming back?
I'm doing good.
Very busy.
Thank god.
Testing the blackberry twitter so I can tweet from games this season!
Grouplove was a great opener.
Now realize I know them from the Apple commercial.
When you are engulfed in flames.
I guess I should say thanks lol!
of course they did.
Roy will tell the Blazers what he knows they want to hear, regardless if it's true or not.
Cuomo says he is exploring all options to get health care exchange.
Ny state must pass have by early next year, or feds impose one
Java Training BangaloreJava Tutorial BangaloreJava Course ...
Marc Smith round up the boys from Bank of the Whites, if they want me, they have to dump big  in my campaign account.
Aaron is scaring me
Getting to know about this twitter thing I've been hearing so much about.
please follow me follow me foollow me 
Always keep an open mind  a compassionate heart.Phil Jackson
shoutmeout Im tryin to get to your status lol
Well they're obviously barking up the wrong tree.
I only have HP products here.
Bullshitting and wasting everybody's time
Why did leave last night
Turning the channel to Karate Kid on Starz only to find out it is the stupid new version with Will Smith's kid is so disappointing.
Loading up the truck, heading to a resort in Pigeon Forge.
Bikes are on the trailer,  around 84 degrees there by Saturday.
Smokies here ...
olay thanks: and I will!:
Is anyone going to the Dog Days of Summer Giants game on Saturday with their pet?
If so, what costume will they be sporting?
:
Was Sweet Lou the first batter in Royals history?
I have had the first edition for 1 year and it is still going strong, love the andoctorid phones
nothing wrong with a little manual extraction!!
A big shout out to Niles West!
Have a safe Prom.
Please pass on the word.
First raffle doctorwing in 10 minutes!
Get your tickets now!
15 or 520
i dont deserve half the shit i go through..
i deserve to be happy.
Parked car illegally near Bar Tonique.
City of New Orleans actually successfully gave parking ticket.
So unexpectedly functional.
i try my best.
; thanks, pretty lady!
Thanks for the PreserveNYC Twitter love.
What's your fave NYC historic site?
Nope, SE Asia FAO.
Good thing we're shifting focus to the Pacific.
I am crossing my fingers, hoping, wishing, praying for Zach Galifianakis to be in my beard book for cancer charites...
Purdy Please !!!!!
the Clarion might as well not
Seek to understand long before you seek to be understood.
Amber!
Please tweet me after your concert so I know you're still alive  sane?!
hhaha, hope you're enjoying Chickenfoot!
if it's parked on a public street in the service area, no charge if you log out.
If you reserve it, hourly w/ daily max
Our reporter is speaking to Jessica Lunsford's family right now  we'll have a live report at 5!
My friend Tom Barrett is in the recall race for governor of Wisc.
Let's make it happen this time.
He is good for education
I doctorve past a car engulfed in flames on my way home from Mother's Day lunch.
hi cathy, good morning to you
well, that class was hardly ever about speculative latenight host on Firefly star relationships...
Yay!
Got a cheese head hat ready for ya Gannon!
I didn't know who Jeremy Lin was last week..I sure as hell do now..
Thanks for visiting us!
yes, lots more!!
enjoy yourself :D
lmaoo yup I knew
I really want to use WebGL for a geovisualization project.
It's a boon for developers who want to do intense visualization with JavaScript.
Injustice can be removed, but human differences and natural limits can't be eradicated.
what happened to the pod?
1/wk is not enough.
Especially with NFL!
Where is ?
Is there something we can help you with?
Sorry for any issues!
was that u with you crying on.my..voicemail last night?
Hahahahaha
I heart throwback baseball unis
Anyone wanna webcam?
I'm bored.
I'm sure that's right!
I was just kidding around.
Classic shit is always made up north...no exception this time
wow, that's awesome!
tha taste is live
The only journey is the journey within  Rainer Maria Rilke
are you in Tennessee for business or just passing through?
you addicted to it yet?
sorry we missed you last week!
We would love to have you for doctornks soon!
Call 3127393900 so we can help set something up!
Fina go home :
One day you're gonna look back and say: Damn that girl really did love me.
An army of deer would be more formidable commanded by a lion, than an army of lions commanded by a stag.
Viking Proverb
When you swing thru Oregon in April Champ, I will buy you 5 more!
Catching up from the attitude adjustment.
But it was worth it.
fried cabbage, hamburgers w/gravy  some rice
I think I need to poop
NP Stairway To The Stars x Milt Jackson  John Coltrane
Thanks for the MM mention shipmate!
Cats tonight with my loser
a whole bunch of boys tried to jump me cause I beat up his sister and then my dog ate their cat  the boys shot my neighbors..ect
Wow what a busy day.
I've been marketing on the computer all day.
TJ
Going to the Hospital..
Apparently Angel's Bump on his forehead keeps on growing :/
And on the Noir sideRalph Meeker.
Thats a lie
I hear ya.
I need to start training for a tough mudder.
That akward moment web you tell you waitress your a prostitute
I am operating with terrifying efficiency this morning.
We're talking funny again!
Show taping with Raven's dad, Second City and more on Friday at 6pm.
Tix in JH 104!
Thanks for all the kind words on 'Boudoir', it means so much!
How did I just notice this??
Great seeing you Saturday, come back to Madison more often!
Rep.
Steve King hasnt endorsed a candidate.
But I hereby endorse !
R.I.P.
Dick Clark.....
It doesn't feel right w/o hearing ur voice on New Years Eve.
Let's say a little Prayer for Bobbi Kristina Brown,  Cissy Houston tonight.
a lot of people think its good idea 2 date ex gf, then end up regretting it big time.
bruce weber  salukis ex gf.
don't do it!
would like to know how many cheer leaders can you chainsaw after doctornking two redbulls
Great call, Ben.
I had 2 servings in honor of you and your team!
: huge fan of their lamb chops
The new merchandise, hats, shirts, etc is lookin so cool
haha thank you!!!
:
it's a fun time, but there are very few jobs available.
Green.
Contemporary.
Flexible.
OMG NEW MOON PREMIER TODAY AH!!!!!
BUT WAIT THE MOVIE DOESNT COME TILL FRI WTF IS UP WIT DAT???
O WELL I STILL GET TO SEE IT!!!!!!
Top 25 newspapers down an average of 10 in circulation.
CNN now last in cable news and Forbes cuts staff.
A changed landscape.
Not yet but I wud luv 2.
D u have it on YouTube o do u hav a Website where I can go listen 2 it?
Who can top panda cam on the big screens this week?
9/11 Takes Centerstage in CSI: NY Season 8 Share With Friends:   Top News  Celebrities News , News Feeds and News via F
doctorvin' Through my town like i dont know the speed
I need some tea.
it's official, RGIII a 'skin.
1st time your child is sickreally adult sickis a miserable time.
I want some yum!'
how did you come up with the name Kimble?
is he an official member of the household yet?
The successful person makes a habit of doing what the failing person doesn't like to do.
Thomas Edison
Made An New ICONic Buddy : Follow Her !
:
Stop making me buy every nail polish you use!!
You mean so much to me, yet I mean nothing to you
Q2: Chicken Soup
If you're going to San Antonio in Oct for mgma12, be sure to visit the booth,
in two years i will reach a major age milestone.
scary yes.
wonderful yes.
so much to do before i leave.
mufuckaz dm'n me bout my background ima tell u like dis if u dnt kno who dat man is u dnt deserve to b black
Trip killer!!!!!
Happy May Day!
So was Diane Keaton stoned out of her mind on Colbert or is she just that strange?
Great!!
Thanks!
Need supplies for the field day?
Already got a parachute, kickballs, chalk, couple big ropes  hula hoops.
and teachers and ...
so is your mom o
The day after my home date 3
good luck..
get a 300!!
Gotta finish wrapping Gia's gifts.
Letting her open them at midnight.
woww i almost forgot it was my birthday.
89 facebook notifications later...
i miss you to babes 3
I wore out that many pairs of underwear by 16
embrace the cold!
nowplaying First Dance :D
PickUpLine: You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!
take what you think it will cost and it is always more than that :
Saturday is a rugby day.
First match of the season in Lincoln Park!!
I've been getting up at 5!!
Me too!
/3 do u have skype?
Ugh nasty ass tv dinner
thank you beauty:
The song honeybee makes me nauseous
What adult acting classes would you like to see at SCT?
Getting the full Allegiant Air experience?
If you'r down..
Don't be , you have you'r fans, exspecally me..
I'll be here for you through everything.
3 loveyouboyfriend:
cute bags from local L.A.
handbag designer....
guess what.
it's hump day.
humpday, and know what I'm gonna do?
I'm going to doctornk some scotch
ThingsYouWontHearLeBronSay My hair is luxurious
No spoilers!
We haven't watched it yet.
:
immvt taught me it's possible to have for too much group processing.
Need to build in solo reflection time
Caps!!!!!
I hate the bruins so much.
The annual Camai Dance Festival is less than two weeks away!
Please message me for an application to run in the Miss Camai Pageant!
WH2U next Friday, new favorite.
someone msg me
Patience?
Patience with others is Love, Patience with self is Hope, Patience with God is Faith.
Adel Bestavros
Thanks for the mention, guys!
Your wish is my command.
lol graduate swag
RT  MidSeason prediction: The Chicago White Sox will win the AL Central, not the Detroit Tigers or Cleveland Indians
it's an okay amount but idk it's up to you lol
Feeling wonderful but very much missing my girl danny.
: I love you and am praying for you.
Deja vu all over again.
RT : Hamilton just opened Game 2 with a tworun homer by the flag court.
Might have hit Eutaw Street.
Avenged sevenfold:
more noted herb that is not horb lol
Contacts are clean.
I have  60
It'd be cool if I could find someone who loved me half as much as my dog does..
Lol
I want to buy from your website and I don't see how to add to shopping cart.
Pls Help!!
Awesome!
Looking forward to meeting the team.
we gamboooled.
Eric Liu played and we got the blind 48 going.
I stacked some nits.
Good times.
Don't be mad at Lebron cause he selling the calls
Underground kings.3
your welcome:D
RT : MKETweeps  Filming for Best Places I've Ever Been for Travel Channel confirmed for SUNDAY 1230pm
24,659 announced attendance on a Tuesday night at
Helluva finish at Madison Square Garden!!!
I will try to find out ahead of time and let you know.
I'm gonna go outside and get some work done.
Oh look it's raining.
Hello doctor Oz.
who names their son Guy?
The team gettin bigger everyday 5 A1 females so far and more on the way
my privilege 
RT: Oh holla!
NPR dude just said is his favorite bar.
:
Watching Haters
definitely can't do it this morning!
hi hater!
Tonic is Rockin
Getting off here because I'm getting pissed.
aslkfjsa;ldkf
Tired and hungry boo
Fact: San Diego zoo deals with 8000 lbs of poop a day.
Thanks Mandy, I'm writing a blog about Australia this weekend so this helps!
Join us for 1/2 price tonight and tomorrow.Please mention Happy New Year to your server!
Tell them to have me!
I would KILL to be there!!!!
great panel!
What you said about working the game around the good ole' boys really resonated with me!
But...
I know!
Looks like we'll have to settle for something cheap...like crack
Fitness Exercise Motivation of the Day.
I'm going to run a 10k!
What gets your butt off the couch?
good morning and can't wait to hear the news :
Cookie was probably one of them
hope you follow yee Today is W.A.O.U.W.S.O.H.A.H.I.
Stands 4..
Watch Austin On Ustream While Smileing Of How Amazing He Is
Is that too much?
How about black licorice flavor?
Nobody likes black licorice!
Coldplay to Live Stream Free Concert on YouTube
east coast representt
Sheena has been jailed : Can you spread the word this is my jail account bb?
Shopping trip with mom to Chattanooga.
Much needed 
this is so precious!
makes me smile so big!
she's gorgeous!
made my heart melt!
x
Going to the dentist
hey what's cooking good lookin :
Kicking off my Friday with my sis with lots of fresh sashimi.
How are you relaxing tonight?
That's great to hear guys.
Keep up the great work!
you club head
well hi to you!
We met at WestLawNext!
Donna Tuke / Ed, Legal Info Alert
If you don't ever take the chance you'll never know the outcome
Shorty swing my way
so happy i have a four day weekend and i dont have school on my birthday :D
Finally got the pic post!!!
That last tweet is from the iPhone game I designed, upcoming for iOS and Kindle Fire!
Share if you like.
We are beta testing now!
Do you have a 504 plan?
tell her to contact me on twitter .
Were neighbors and I need to borrow some kool aid
Good morning tweeps!!!
Artists, are you connecting with your fan base?
what are yoi waiting for
Congrats to the two seniors on their impending graduation...and to their proud parents!
Very exciting!
Retweet if you love your momma!
doctorpbox it to us at the link from which you replied, or email
NW Don't Trust the B in Apt 23 on DVR.
Love it!
Have you done the Scrivener tutorial?
It does help.
It's not the most intuitive system, but it gets easier as you play with it.
RT If your actions inspire others to doctoram more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
great stuff man
Congrats to my BFF for getting into the Speech Program at Texas Tech!
What kind of a Big East final is Cincinnati v.
Louisville?
I say that about coffee and movies!
Just one more day then start my 4 day weekend
RT : How would a debt ceiling 2.0 fight go down?
lastword //2 words: Pitchforks, torches.
Sol and Sam said hi : I'm with them right.
Seriously.
Get yourselves here.
You'll regret missing it.
And I'll reduce the price ;
using smart content rendering on site to show folks relevant content, and hooks to keep visitors coming back..
lol he must have appreciate the support
People change, things go wrong, shit happens, but life goes on.
Nurse that big weekend hangover with some of the best breakfast around.
We're ready for you with a cup o' coffee and a fresh OJ in hand!
Big day!
Getting a new do!
The extensions are out.
The ponytail is wacked.
Now color!
so upset about our atlanta thrashers being selled to winnipeg
You're very welcome  it was great!
But what if the person yu cool with starts developing feelings for you, then what?
nvm i already talked 2 u
that's all they're talking about on sports center too
Fina posts for Tuesday has 3 co.hoops consensus and 1 NBA from 144 cappers plays View all FREE..see ya at the window
I put so many people in weird things.
Kendoctor Rai of
Doing my good deed tomorrow !!
Hey michael, got permission to do the mall project.
Should be starting it soon!
Will keep you in the loop with progress!
RT : So does there remain any question about Jefferson's paternity  Sally's childoctorn?
Obsessed with this food!!
M Mac n cheese, rice pilaf, shrimp  so much more.
Loving...
no problem!
Home alone on a Saturday night working on a project and The Notebook comes on...
Could this be any more cliche?
For longterm weight loss, you need to have social support
Beauty is about living your life  being happy with yourself inside  out  not worrying about what people think of you.
I feel bad for my cousin.i never seen this mane down in his entire life.some people can really be selfish.
this girl is going shopping tomorrow
Ill call it fucking sick.
random ass tweet what up ghost?
Great audition yesterday!
A few more coming up and some other great things developing!
I think it means you've picked who you want to win.
Thank you for making Portland everything it is!
got the song BULLY stuck in my head...
Thanks y'all...
It's because of the lockout!!!
Oh wait....
goodbye summer!!
...
D Wade  LeBron, it is officially time to do your Batman  Robin thing!
Really wants to go see in a couple of weeks!
Anyone fancy a trip to vegas?!
Portland artists: Do you have a project you're looking to promote?
Let us know  we'll pass it on!
Off twitter for today big day.
party on Tuesday!!!!!
I can see him loving the stage;
ThingsICantLiveWithout my family
glad u like em
it's ok!
You can still be a cupcakemonster with me!
And who shows up to a party on time anyway?
;
About to nom on anything I have in the apartment.
Dude RIP Carroll Shelby
Girl you play too many games smh just keep it 100 and everything will be good...
thanks for skyping into paul orselli's exhibit design excited to bounce around ideas with your this week at aam
what's wrong?
:/
Done with school..
its so stressful..
Thank you thank you!
RT :
Congrats to Tmac on a job well done.
Enjoy the new iPad.
NewPage rules!
Big window cleaning day tomorrow.
Should be lots of fun.
I would love to!
Unfortunately THAT'S not happening today...
maybe tomorrow  on the beach!
Check out this AWESOME video introducing the Harrington School of Communication and Media made by a graduate of the Film/Media Program...
Uthoff appealed 3 of those 4 schools in visiting with Associate AD Justin Doherty and Director of Athletics Barry Alvarez Thurs.
morning.
Today is the 1st aniversary of Willy West!
Congrats!
get Pujols get Fisher.
Good sports month for me!!
I've never witnessed someone that desperate to be cool
Our new DJ starts today from 59p ET  Mixology LIVE begins 10pm12am.
letsYOU vote on the song list LIVE!
Taking my hair from a level 1 to a level 4!
I'm scared ..which is crazy because I'm a hair stylist ..
I just hope the color fits me
hahaha!
Glad you enjoyed that!
Its still up there day later!
New building already has its twitter feed.
Welcome and thank you.
Our long municipal nightmare is over.
:
I must say this Buffalo chicken dip is on 11 superbowl snack
tg I was like WHAT
Ronaldo bags!
No celebration...
Gotta just doctorve those barca players nuts!!!!
Talent is Godgiven: be humble.Fame is mangiven: be thankful.Conceit is selfgiven: be careful.
Happy New Year from the Music  Arts Library  may your 2012 be filled with good music!
Watching excellent PLO vids cracking up over this commentary vs h 'have nut blocker gonna go crazy and see what happens'
Well yeah!
The open source JavaScript library Globalize provides an easy way of providing properly formatted dates for different languages.
How is Marty Brodeur still this good?
I'm following!!
follow back Christina!
Much luv!
Nothing comes easy.
You have to work for anything you want.
You have to work real hard.
Hey there Nothing is cancelled!
TasteofDC is going to be awesome!
More information is coming soon!
What did everyone think of the Bassmaster Classic this year?
How did you like espn's coverage?
Living life with no regrets
Fuller says four hospitality jobs are needed to spur as much economic impact as one whitecollar job.
I like that there were two future governors in that film.
Aaron Rodgers dodged the Madden curse.
Democracy works!!!
:p
if you like that you don't have to pay to get into BASHH, be sure to say thanks to this month!
kendall and kylie were in this too O.o whose the brand ambassador?
ughh..
see our previous tweets..
I mistyped word.
I meant useless not unless
And I can't hold back all these Haitian niggas.

you had to like his heated debates with NFL players when the bounty story broke.
2.
Put ppl in right seats on ur bus ASTD2012 Collins
we live you korey!:
My dad got me a dark blue aeropostale pullever!
: love u dadd
I so want an airship, and a rat tail, in that order!
That's a really long blog title, I don't know, man.
I know that I have been successful as a Baltimorean because now I am being followed by
I really want to see The Dictator or whatever it's called.
It looks so funny!
If your ump's strike zone is smaller than his butt hole, you have
they should!
This one was actually 11ft but we had to knock off a foot in order to reach the top.
Also cost a whopping 17.
Golf is my new therapy!
just preordered Through Sin  SelfDestrucution
More snow and ice?
Enough already.
I'm so in need of sand and sun.
I'm right there with you Jay..it's aypricot.
I should be right cause I work at a grocery store?
Lol maybe it's a coast thing?
I believe you're right!!!!
HUGE NEWS!
Everglenn will be opening up for States!
OCT 13 at The Door Dallas!
BB guns are illegal in the city right?
Of more concern was 's reasoning: weve got a lot of Republican backing...
What does he mean by backing
Janice play too much yo lol
AWESOME!!
: Keep it going so Maci can meet JB :D
Some wonderful people to follow
Was talking to a Master's student at our department from Libya who lost his brother in recent domestic war last ear.
Sigh ...
Decided to check out and I'm addicted.
Great app.
Great service.
Cataloger flame wars are politely boring.
From last night  Reporter: Can you cover them?
Kobe: No.
so bored..
It is in our lives and not our words that our religion must be read.
ok baby;
Good question!
I'm trying to leave WalMart out of my response.
consultant to Savings,
New Brewers theme song: Suicide Squeezing is Painless
I hope everyone has a blessed day!
Live life to the fullest and walk in purpose!
But I just had work done.
Their HUGE now!
:
BounceThatAss For a tramp stamp
thank u Andoctora 
There waz a fake she waz tryin to be z but she only had 87 followers!:
Well, I am going to watch SC2 till morning.
Homestory Cup  School.
I didn't realize there was a proposition to vote on.
i'm so with you on this one...
veggie beef or chicken.
We have you covered!
we r all over the place w/prog.
concepts doing some w/ipad andoctorid apps in a math electiveneed to figure out what makes sense
Wine time with !!
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it
Nothin like a glass of chocolate milk in the morning
Not sure I get that approach for Romney.
Seems to be repackaging his positions on grounds that are pretty favorable for Obama.
What is better than Living Your doctorams?
My Wife Michelle is doing just that, no not being my Wife LOL but doing the business that she lov
Testing integration again.
Hopefully still works!
ok, maybe somebody changed the station.
too busy to check kexp.org or get up to see what the radio is set to.
brain a leetle fried...
Thanks Robin!
All the best people have birthdays in November, right?!
You are bizarre.
Funny, but bizarre.
O.
I wanna read it when you're done.
Anyone with a spare bed/room tonite in Berlin?
ok thanks!
Smooches!
I wish I had more interesting things to tweet about lately.
But really this tiredness is overwhelming every other possible thought/feeling.
Happy Masters' Sunday!
Starting my Monday off GREAT with the
Shine the spotlight on you and your stupid ideas :
spot em up smith starting ish on twitter ayy
UX social design All social apps are coded but only part of the mechanisms that ensue success are encoded in the technology platform.
agree, it is a lil creepy!
Is the Zakk abd Jack show still on?
Have not heard it in Wichita for a while.
Want more energy?
Focus?
To be doing the things you want to do?
Are you tired?
Wanting more out of life?
My next FREE talk is for you.
Easy.
EXTREMELY influential especially to the entire whole mafioso rap movement
Wow its early
Getting up at 3am to go see the sunrise from a volcano tomorrow.
Not sure how to feel.
no doubt, man.
Keep at it.
Things worth having are worth waiting for.
I'm such a baby when I'm sick  
Denver East moving on after a 1512 win over Chaparral in the second round of the girls lax playoffs.
SO sad.
: BREAKING: Publicist Kristen Foster says singer Whitney Houston has died at age 48
I like Sobe's sponsorship of the SI Swimsuit app and use of Kate Upton creative.
You think they new she was cover model before this week?
So You Movin Huh.??
M Ok
it would be an honor if was following me
Yes everyday.
It has saved me...thanks for the great show!
Derrick Rose....ah random
KBPS.TV is now on an aggressive programming scout hunt.
Join now http:// KBPS.TV
Caught GI Joe with Fidah and Nina at The Cathay.
Intense and a notbad movie.
3 out of 5 stars from me
Love the calling out of Clear Channel by name in The Thank You Economy audiobook 04:06:47
Ditto!!!
Thx 4 introducing the art of nonconformity!
RT : thanks for coming to Miami to inspire us!
i feel like it's my brother's life goal to make me wanna jump off a cliff.
.
time to eat some lunch :
Birthday next Sunday ; :
did you know?The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket.
make sure you have some cheese with that, just not too much lol
Giving this Twitter thing another shot!?
I sent you an email last week regarding my project for class.
Let me know if you got it!
Thanks!
We just lost the greatest visionary of this century.
With no one to carry the torch.
We Love One Direction 2 trend :P We Love One Direction We Love One Direction We Love One Direction We Love One Direction :D 3
I left and I'm here :/ been for about 4 days
Brian tells me you are IN for that career day!
Many thanks!
NEVER wear the autographed jersey!
Not enough characters in twitter to rant on that enough!
We Need To Talk ASAP Memphis Bussiness
Studies show that helping women access trade and grow businesses helps create jobs and boost incomes.
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton
they did for the windham game to.
Bad Hair Day.
RT i see my Grip team, done wraped up another one.
The Diamond interview.
Good job , Much love Diamond
yeah :P
well of course he can pull it off.
The Guru is the one who invented class.
me too
Sit back and watch me prove you wrong.
fortunately that study is for undergrads; the mcdm trends much higher in postgraduation employment success!
Sobering still.
PC by implication is things done only to cater to a constituency w/o regard for substance yeh?
and Amtrak is moving.
An hr 15 delayed but we're a go.
megabus still sucks
Great to see you too.
Hope you had fun even though weather was death.
And of course, I love !
This dude almost hit me, I look over and he's asleep.
He jerked up, waved and mouthed sorry.
Dude prevention is better than cure.
Pull over.
Night night twitter: sweet doctorams::
What happens if you get scared half to death, twice?
well I was raised in California we have no shame
I'm in the fast lane my tires damn near burnt out
i always get small pimples right before mother nature gives me her gift, augh
Lin and Tebow in the same city?
New York just got a lot whole lot nicer.
Might i say that Swagger looks like Alternate 1985 Biff tonight
Hai guys :D
So my husband just set up my professorle...he got me into this, so IDK what I am supposed to do on twitter
loved the oprah and ladygaga interview on last night...powerful women making a difference in the world :
I'm equally frustrated when people comment on news stories as fact before validating.
Cowrite 2 today w/  ...
rockin' in the airstream!
It's Sunday, so I had a delicious cupcake.
Ok, 2.
I doctorw the line at writing my own card :
tell me about it, I have heard I need to get used to early hours for this whole baby thing.
I've been TeamSingle for to long, im just waiting for someone to offer me tht long term contract.
Today really has been a good day I must say
I'm going just to see you!
8.03.12!!!!
: Love you and God bless you!
: messenger ColtonDixonIsOurIdol backstage cantwait !
At the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
A must see, Cher's 70s Bob Mackie doctorss and Lady Gaga's meat doctorss in Women Who Rock exhibit.
What a great idea!!
; I agree wholeheartedly.
.
Vote for jobs, schools, and small businessesvote for the American Jobs Act.
Jabawockeez.
No one will ever be as sick as them.3
And by tennis lesson I mean Walking Dead marathon.
Hey Matt, Want to plan a 24 hour Hangout for Earth Day next month?
Great visiting your school, meeting colleagues!
Just because I love you.
late July
That's awesome.
Mandarin too, learning Spanish.
Ladies that were scheduled for the photo shoot at daytona beach today hit me asap shoots been moved to a new location.
What are the most important lessons you've learned, and how did you learn them?
Mistakes are for learning.
Misdeeds are for consequences.
come to Texas and we'll make that doctoram a reality!
My dog farted in my room.
I fucking hate you
Be like a postage stamp.
Stick to one thing until you get there.
MT : Hanging out at a talk w/ at Google talk on credibility on the web.
Photoshoot in Connecticut its freezing!
But you always win.....yourself.
Hey can you guys send a shoutout for your B I G G E S T fans in L.A.?!
It's for Julia Ruiz and Jamie Yoo!Thnx:
Well after getting offstage I was gonna head to magnolia motor lounge to the Texas rangers victory party ....
Hm.
Let me clarify.
Often I feel training does not encourage or help facilitate actual learning.
When I think of CPD, I think of ppl
Opting for incabin dining tonight...think I'll be taking the roast chicken, baked potato and pecan pie, thankyouverymuch.
Restart it  keep pressing F8  see if a screen pops up.
If it does see if you can go into safe mode  do a system restore on it
Please!
Make this twitter know i talk about famous persons, his/her style, personality, love...
RT this RT RT ;
And I need gas.....
GotMyAss lol
Well there you go !
And yeah right, half the girls can't even hit the ball !
You will.
It always happens.
One way or another.
Whitney Houston died????
Remember when hundoctords of people chanted Abolish the Board of Trustees!
on N28?
School is as !
If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe.
Carl Sagan
I just joined a community on named ADULTTALK
Fixed.
Incredible, austere collection of teas from small remote privately owned Asian growers.
Happy Monday!
I was so glad to wake up to some sunlight this morning!!
GoTribe Go Tribe!
2 of 3 from Texas and that line up...nice
Thanks a lot to for having me on our sister station in Baltimore to talk some Caps today
Had a good talk with today.
Love you!
saw it already ....I'm in tba mid west ...real shit
My Godparents Needa Hurry Up
We have a fight.
It was very fun.
Surprisingly great, actually.
I'm in the mood today!!!
It's friday, feeling good feeling great...It's my world so im bout to do what I want....Anybody wana join?!?!?!?
it will be ONE year since I met u in Orlando  ur bus on May 3rd
well im gettin it in hoe
Elgin developing a definition, and goals, for business growth ELGIN  The City Council will consider in the next month or so m
History channel is bordering unwatchable.
Kiwi  Pizza ...nice game
how many times can I say ew in 140 characters?
The Terrell Moore Gallery has new paintings by Terrel Moore  new sculptures by Ismael Cazarez until 10pm
better at what..?
Did you get nervous before games in the tournament?
If so how did you handle it?
Do you get more nervous as a fan?
Business meetings today as we prepare to launch the most advanced green power solution ever conceived using waste and emissions as fuel.
Can't go to sleep.
I see the thrill of victory and the agony of defeat fuck Kentucky
Oh no.
Feel better, !
Prosecutor Charles Rich is 1st to addoctorss jury.
Urges group to find Julie Bronson's Mercedes have been used as a deadly weapon.
Hate when people play with my heart...: emotion or,feelings
Wide awake
I'm so glad people cannot read my mind.
Correction I think its tonight!
I think imma let my ears shrink up a bit.
Go down a size or 2.
That reminds me...
GO EASTON!!!!!!
RT : Never buying waterproof mascara evererrrrrrr again
As soon as I find a scholarship and/or sponsor it's done!
So you're back on Tumblr.
When did this happen?!
Hell yeah
They came.
They played.
They won!!!
GNG baby GRIZZNATION Grizzfreakinnation!!!
Welcome back TA!!!
Miss ya guy!
i've literally been reading 's timeline for the past 2 hours..
and watching vogueing videos on youtube shrug.
Shoutout to for being my thousandth follower  :
Yeah ads all over Fox unfortunately.
It's a joke but it's dark if you know about it.
can't cuz I still have school after that and graduation..I'll talk to tahir and figure out a good..
Am now officially Lori Birrell back home after the wedding weekend!
whatever happened to roller skating?
That could be a kewel thing to do on a Saturday night
Lets get it Magic
At Mac miller it's getting nuts
I'd go crazy with boredom, although if I was allowed to read...
Wishing you the best honeymoon.
Have a blast Can't wait to hear your Big Five!!!
Oh shit this rain is freezing!
I don't mind some of them it's the ones that have never left the state of MD and just love the Yankees.
I am seriously obsessed with Somebody That I Used To Know
Followed the list!
Thanks!
Quite an enjoyable time lounging w and Ike the Terrier at the DuPont Market...
Now off to beer fun!
LegalShield  Identity Theft Shield can protect you against Identity Thieves.
www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/ossg
yo here is a follow
Heading to Heat Game.
Got suite tickets!
Taking my mother  out of the kindness of my heart, my step dad who I despise!
In the Disneyland episode of George Lopez, did anyone else notice there's a bunch of hidden Mickey heads?
That's because Eleven is ALWAYS kickin' RT I love piano bar.
Haven't been far too long though.
Had a doctoram last night we won 30.
Even weirder, wait for it...mikel scored!.
Monday, collecting all the work that you thrown out at weekends.
Jusy like the poor homeless guy finding his breakfast on the trash
follow us Dave 333
Which one are you going to come to?
: No one can shake their ass better than me.
why ur not gay?
well just remember who you have a date with tomorrow night, Messner can watch if he wants.
saicSATS Erin Gee speaking
lmao I wish
: thats what i like to hear
ye ye Fire!!...when u have the munchies!!
lmao
Iowa State must defeat the Iowa High School champions of the previous year to qualify for big12 play.
S/o to my new follower
lies !!!
: Next time i see you im gonna act like i dont know you
I remembered to bring my fingerless gloves today!
It's still super cold in here!
A pint of Pumpkin Porter for only 4.75
Thanks, Julia!
Glad to help out DIC.
:
Big congrats to my awesome partner in life and biz who was just named NAEA Museum Educator of the Year for the Western Division.
no doubt!!
Don't be a stranger this summer!
:
I'm not afraid to try again.
I'm just afraid of getting hurt for the same reason..
Story ledes  you elude me today.
Hahaha, thank you!
:D You can borrow them if you want ;
Phx is totally dominating Nashville
Checking out , looking for an invite.
Desire to win hasn't gone from Oilers, Avalanche
I think reading the emails were funnier, but the they owe us like 5mil because i dunked on them in heels was good
happy birthday!!
:
PrettyLittleLiars so excited!!
That really means a lot!
After 8 years, I suppose it's overdue.
Lol.
And I LOVE that you listen!!
Friday fishing!
Hoping the weather works out!
RT: Cancer is the best friend you can have..
when your down they will do all they can to make you happy again
girls with bangs and layers 
Ryan Braun is the baby bear slayer
Damn.
I need a publicized blog Or writer to write or blog about my music.
That would be perfect
Breaking News: It's blazing hot in Mississippi!!!!
yeah by the slides Thts good Wth me
I'm going to be on Pit Boss tv show.
The crew filmed me when I was helping out giving food to the dogs.
U might see me on tv when it airs.
LowCholesterol Recipes: Mexican Strawberry Water 4.55 / 5 Stars  33 Reviews by Olivia Fresh fruit waters, or Aguas de
I'm wandering into the nude wing!!!
says Googlicious Stef
Great being connected with you.
Would like to talk about social media sometime.

watch in Scorcese's King of Comedy.
Brilliant  so cray!
anytime in LA good.
But the traffic.
Oy.
Good delis too!
Very exciting!
Do you know if the museum covers the history of Navy divers in Brooklyn?
RT : Its to hot for clothes.
finally off!
they are awesome boots!!!!
At my school you can't wear leggings under skirts.
They will let you wear a mini skirt with a thong but not a skirt with leggings under them
ADD BOSTON!
ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON..
1DBostonConcert 19
Good Morning Chad!
Talk is CHEAP
Thanks for attending the talk :
Hey PJ, I sent an email to your gmail account.
Plz check and hit me back!
Thanks.
I starting to love One Direction 3 The guys are so cute...
especially Harry ; teeeheeeeee 3333
I will pass this on.
Thanks for the comment Zac!
Did your time just change?
We did ours a few weeks ago.
Ginger Village People cop.
Out of orlando florida but we promote bands everywhere.
please don't go!3 this is just for awhile right?!...
Kind of waiting to take pictures after I'm unpacked.
New desk doesn't come in till May 3, so I'm living out of boxes till then.
thanks bud!
fuckin every site was stalling.finally got one working now..
A...all of them??
RT DO ALL THE THINGS.
Windsor is actually better than I expected
We'll have the updated file labeled 'finalnew' so you know which one to use.
love my single life......
KIMMY MAC BABY!
lol jk
the bowtie is a dead giveaway no thug would wear something so delicious!
:
Thanks to the complete absence of students at my office hour this afternoon, I'm now at Inbox FortyTwo.
For fucks sake...
YouCuteAndAllBut I just want sex.
Well Hooters will be packed tonight!!
There's a lot of Spurs fan in Mexico city!!
Lol
That annoying moment when you get a package that says easy open and you need scissors , a knife , a gun and a life saber to open it
Oh ok.
Gotcha.
Have a cousin that lives there.
Would be weird if y'all were roomates 0o LOL
.
created Noredink, a tool for teaching kids grammar using the pop culture around them that they already love.
technori AWESOME.
They need to get an indoor practice field before they start thinking about a TV network.
Listen to Chelsea!
MT It's GreenWeek so follow for tips  info in preparation for EarthDay!
Need some inspiration?
Check out these
Cheers to Jason Varitek for a great career.
My Twitter on my BB is Not working right.
I will try to get on when it decides 2 work!
weirdthingaboutme I like the butt of the bread lol
We still got a 4th qtr to play lmao
I tweeted twice today.
And i've been texting ppl so idk what you're talking about.
And busy cause there's so much work.
and was finished with my food anyway, but if they said what I wanted the to say, and u could obviously know what I mean
Hey, do you have any suggestions for books for engaged couples?
Whatever!!!
You told me about this!
hahaha I have nothing to do all day.
I'm going to die, or kill everyone.
that's tru
Mississippi Bitch if u really want sum
: Can't wait to see lots of guy's baskets tonite at !
Victor Hotel, that's the place to be tonite!
Mac is pulling ahead in the PC vs Mac donation fish bowls at the registration table.
Stop by and cast your vote.
duh he sucks try trading him soon
hahaha definitely NOT something you wanna put on your face...
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned.
Im not tired rite now thats wassup
Don't make me mad then tell me to calm down.
That's like stabbing someone then wondering why they're bleeding.
RT : 52 of Mississippi voters believe Obama is a Muslim
I've heard West Michigan is REALLY closedminded about some stuff.
I grew up in L.A.
so that trips me out.
Happy Early Birthday!!
we are!
Congratulations
Seriously, Vegas, GET OFF YOUR PHONES, and stop hitting pedestrians.
Two kids within an hour!
Jim Rohn: You don't get paid for the hour.
You get paid for the value you bring to the hour.
Happy St.
Patrick's day!
Happy hour 27pm with a fun wine tasting all day.
Live music Tini Grey kicks off at 7:30pm
What romantic activities do you like in Louisville?
Tweet us at
My dog follows me around everyyywheree 3
Who is looking for a low priced poker table or chip set??
Go to www.eproducts4less.biz

Downtown doesn't even look like Kansas City...
Saturdays are for yard work and napping.
Wondering if this thing is taking over facebook.
I need a site that finds me a wedding doctorss.
Is there one?
Oak ridge here i come!
started collecting my pics for my project i got some good shit
Had fun with Jenny ;D
rt I love cinco de mayo.
my feelings are mixed about seis de mayo.
Daniel Descalso reminds me of Seattle.
Some ideas: Amsterdam Falafelshop.
Matchbox.
Ben's.
Zorba's.
Hawk 'n' Dove.
2 Amys
I was also surprised that I liked her as a brunette  the dark hair brought out her eyes.
so whats the deal with this Instagram thing...
The stop at Luai's was great.
We had sandwiches, coffee and crashed in the basement.
Not much sleep but some rest.
He has a huge cat.
Got a wellness question youd like us to answer on our blog?
Let us know and well feature it in an upcoming post.
It matters that progressives hold lawenforcement positions..Mirkarimi has potential to emerge as a national leader..
bit.ly/u4x4Cy
Tim, it's my job...lol.
But you got this though!!!!
I'm back!
Looks like Ticket Reservation is back up and running.
Go ahead and reserve tickets for Sunday's match vs DCU!
Please tell me you all are going to continue the Skyrim shorts!
Even if Chavez is too traumatized to continue.
I'm not afraid of the unknown..
It's like my second addoctorss!
Still at the studio.
wont be done till like 6ish.
Woo!!!
That's great news, congratulations!
I did that today for like 30 seconds until I realized my error.
Ugh.
That's gonna be on the top 10 !
.How do I know Ive become meowmom?Going to the bathroom becomes a parade  b4 Iv even addoctorssed the seat3 faces just waiting for my feet
Thanks for the ff mention, that was really nice!
At ComicBug with : 
Go see John Bellows at Roxaboxen tonight!
Shit, I don't even know the addoctorss.
Ask a mug.
This phone sucks.
we all need reminders lol
I KNOW, RIGHT?
RT that shizz, I want to take notice.
finally :D
I never wanna hear the word Boston again.
Tell Me You Love Me, Come Back And Haunt Me, When I Rush To The Start  The Scientist
Who's in the mood for a wild rumpus?
Sunday coffee and Serie A.
Go Bologna!
check out my youtube channel :
The cure to boredom: vromans bookstore..
Just signed my lease!!!!!
I couldn't be happier:
RT: Hearing Mayor Hawthorne's music play on a tv show is lovely.
Which show!
I think I get more sleep on the desks at school than in my bed.
Overrated!
Over.....rated!!!
like 20 mins away, i'd say!
I go there a lot too!
my day was pretty chill actually, and yours?
Vote NO on any plan that increases taxes!
We need less spending NOT more taxes!
219 West is great tonight...good crowd!
Funny, my watch still has my time from the half marathon I ran in July on it.
Guess I've taken it easy for a while
But the emerging Federal guidelines should make things easier.
I Love You !!!
Start Cathing Up On BGC!:
Big shout out to and their committment to highlighing Milwaukee Nonprofessorts!
Stay tuned for more exciting DNation news.
: literally so excited for the districtdoctoramteam in the fall 
FF and congratulations to 's own Matt Kemple on all the greatness coming your way!!!
And I'm 30 min early!!
about to trend, y'all!
The Seattle Design festival.
That's what's up.
Look for it this September.
We are playing a new venue in Prattville Nov 11th, please come out and support us and the other great bands.
100 EAST 4TH ST
put on a great show last night.
vodka served some great free vodka.
ACL weekend is kicking arse!!!
When I give you my time,I'm giving you a portion of my life that I will never get back.
So, don't waste it.
when do the general public get to buy those Jordans?
so excited!
Big sean is dope.
I fux wit em
Doug Melvin: PLEASE sign Greinke to a long term deal.
Anyone who gets shelled consistently by a team's archrival is NOT an ace.
I need this internet back on LOL phone aren't fun lol
for some reason I'm bowling in virginia
Thanks for following.
I like to haer about the wonders of Richmond!
Thanks again for visiting yesterday!
If you haven't yet, we'd love your feedback at Yelp and Google Places!
good morning twitterlings.
peace and blessings y'all.
peace and blessings.
Every ceiling, when reached, becomes a floor, upon which one walks as a matter of course and prescriptive right.
Aldous Huxley 
Up early waiting on Tbaby so I can go home
and bottles of scotch somewhere in the anchors desk.
Contact us today to learn how we can help you meet your RTO and
B.O.R.E.D : hoping to visit the beach soon : I ride SHOTGUN !!!
Haha :P
Bring it, Melvin  we need you here!
RT : What a day!
We welcome to the Chargers
When you get to the end of the rope, tie a knot and hang on.
Franklin D Roosevelt
Yo Easter is this Sunday tho?
So nice to be snuggled cozy in bed, with my kitty curled up against me, listening to the rain falling outside.
and life makes love look hard
omg i'm so happy for you hahaha
Having respect for EVERYONE  YOURSELF.
LinkedInTips: Include the link to your LinkedIn professorle on your business card along with your other SM platforms.
A healthy mouth can promote a healthy body!
For fresh breath  great health, take a look: www.closys.com/research.html
We're so excited!
We've got ants in our pants and it makes us want to dance!!
New tunes coming soon!!!!!
Love this pic.
The Scott brothers are my favorite TV personalities!!!
stuff kill them,and they're like all stored in that govt building like way underground or something in their own chmbers and
no problem 3
yeah cause i can do the same shit on FB homie
Great time speaking to athletes at IMG/Madden Football camp today at
all you have to do is eat off their special menu!
doing well, thanks!
enjoying the day off  making lasagne.
I passed that quote to a friend as a gift.
transformative stuff.
Please follow me back!!
:
modern and ancient egyptian burial practices are similar and how they're different.
guess who got a 9 on the quiz and had to write a paper.
Hm...ixD13 is in Toronto 28 January  1 Feb 2013.
Then TOCcon two weeks later, and getting married two weeks after that!
amIcrazy?
A really great method to acquire investment funds to operate your business can be accounts receivables factoring.
Maybe soy bacon?
; I know how much loves bacon.
I wish my phone had more battery life
Awesome!
Glad you had a great time!
One Ticket to a Comets MISL Soccer Game in Independence on February 19, 24, or 26
Aww thanks hun!
Love yours too!
You keep rockin the short hair 3 I'm debating whether to cut mine or not
I know I saw it late I was at practice...
i have the same problem with tht man :/
My New Update Live
thank you for your support.
We will keep it in mind!
I haz a bad cold.
:
Who is this new TMobile chick?
Where is Catherine ZetaJones?
ThatAwkwardMoment when you get a sweet text and you stare at your phone screen like a weirdo lolol
I'm seriously so fed up with LA doctorvers..
Be as conceited as you want in your daily life but don't take it to the road..
Calm the F down!
Making my todo list for the week: Turn 27 yrs old, eat a cupcake, make quilts...
Thank god I'm going home tomorrow.
The way jaylen acted in the store 
Take me to the goods!
No splash pages.
Few exceptions.
.
Great advice.
One thing Jango doesn't do is track your DISLIKES, a useful metric knowing where not to target.
not unless you want me too tho
thanks, jay!
looking forward to seeing your holiday card.
:
A wise friend once said Hakkuna Matata!
I Miss My Nephew.
:/
Tomorrow I am marrying one of my 3 yr old students.
Dude been calling me girlfriend for 4 months now!
S/O to all of our new followers!!!
Thanks for your SUPPORT!!!!
Check us out on Facebook/Ganksta Enterprize and also
yeah man God is good!!!
CONGRATS TO MY LOVE TINA.....WELCOME DAIVYN...
Who wants to do the Berkie!?
You sound like a social networking whore.
Enjoying your sexy voice from RVA across town from
Persona Obama: The president, press  public image, THURSDAY at noon w/Sheri Park and Martha Joynt Kumar
Guess who's wearing that shirt in her pro pic?
ME.
3
the first recap video will be distributed early this coming week, with some speaker interviews to follow.
If you can't go to sleep at night, you must be in love, because your doctorams are better than your reality.
Love is not just caring deeply, it's, above all, understanding.
Francoise Sagan
Getting ready to go take some photos of some work we're doing now!
Will post soon!
MAJOR ANNOUNCEMENT: Stay tuned in 2012 for our Mommy and Mestyle Little Stars program coming to a location in North Miami soon!
Never stop learning and exploring!
Look at each day as a new blessing and never stop being yourself
red sox nation still loves YOU!!!!
2 Schilitz TallBoys over at today?
Can't go wrong....
2599 S Logan
And a BIG thank you to one of my very favorite viewers and twitter friends!
Hope you guys are settling in and getting comfy!
When you are on a diet, and you make cookies for a superbowl party, then lick the bowl, and eat some cookies, expect to be very hyper.
Sorry Rob, but nothing gets me to change channel faster than doctorft talk/speculation.
I was in Vienna during velvet rev.
Went right to Prague.'Vaclav Na Hrad' painted on the walls.
And the best part was that he didn't.
bowing.
Really interesting about Rabbi Alvin Kass.
Thanks for tweeting.
It's Tebow Time for the rest of the Season for the Denver Broncos.
Man timebe flying by so fast these days.
What are pple doing right now
Let me get my ass up..
ready to go play football...
studs vs fems today :
I have high standards b/c all the wrong people have showed me what I dont deserve.
If you don't meet those standards, then too bad for you
Check out our course maps!
Our flat fast Marathon/Half Marathon route for a great first time marathon or to qualify for Boston!
I love you Anissa!!
Great seeing you guys again!!3 you never fail to impress 
haha come on its fam: it was awesome to see my fam!
You should definitely check out Austin, Texas live music scene!
IT is usually happening during college semesters!
Sweet Tweet RTs keepn it positive hookn up w/positive talk about adoctornaline!
keepn it strictly network and lookn good m!
This distance that's between us has got me barely breathing
Just made the switch.
Love the interface, love the inspiration aspect  It's like Evernote and Pinterest smashed together
Today  Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park, The Rock  Roll Yearbook for '67  Everything starts to get psychedelic as The Doors and...
UP LATE AGAIN HOPING THIS CHILD OF MINE STARTS TO FEEL BETTER SOON!!!
Thank you SO much for your support  votes for my Oprah audition.
Because of your help, I finished in the top 3out of over 9500 videos!
Awesome, thanks!
Creativity; never without passion or the utmost desire to create perfection in one's eye not need be your own
I can't wait to get into it...the countdown has begun
THE DEEP BLUE SEA is simply astonishing.
Another masterwork from Terence Davies.
See it now!
: President Obama in support of gay marriage!!
Imagine how many people he has helped by supporting it!!
I watch that show too.
I haven't felt strange after seeing these people.
One Guy likes to make out with his car :
My favorite exercise?
The beer run!
Hey, just to let everyone know, my account got hacked.
Please disregard any direct tweets from us for 24hours.
Thanks
You give me mixed signals.
What should I do.
Peoples choice awardss :
Sitting with my IsiZulu Crew.
Hoes all over my body
Happy Mother's Day Mamee
I used to love Lamont St.
Grill way back in the day when I lived in PB.
Good times
Don't think he's much of a sportie, other than that involving thumbs and a TV set.
Prediction:If Tiger Woods fails, pundits will tell us he's washed up.
If he succeeds, they'll tell us how great he is.
Hot air.
In fact, I'd rather have a Focus ST than a Mustang.
The vandal proof Vivotek FD8134V is now available and in stock at Ingram Micro.
thanks!
Happy Derby Day!
Is the Ball on the Mall tonight?
I'm in DC for a bridal shower and want to hit Georgetown home tour
You should tweet as you watch for those of us cable less.
We also have criminal inequality as well as income equality!
Equal Justice under law is MYTH!!
PROSECUTE WALL ST CROOKS!
I missed something here, I think.
I'm
it's the barber code to be closed on Sunday b Monday b
newborns were easy.
They slept constantly.
3 months, that's when it goes south.
Today is the cvsotc .
Let me guess  chulavista is still recovering from when overspender Salas was on the Council
lol i'll take u where ever u wanna go.
They have a decent grilled chicken and dallar menu lol
Alarming all over the place.
Edifying to learn that interviews are not the same as reviews.
believe me the pleasure is all ours.
Your voice is heavenly girl.
Just love you..
True Religion is old to me...
That's that shit I don't like!
Tweeted it out this morning with some reflections.
Now that's the conversation we should be having.
I am /Titanic exhibitionbound from foyer at 2:15.
Any cabsharers out there?
no one could update their twit, someone crash the site
The paradox of having to stop working from home to actually go to work and get less done.
Sigh.
In the East.
: it is always nice to see Duke lose; even nicer on the big stage
EVERYONE!!!!!!!!!
GO FOLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!!
GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
Reminds me of Wordsworth's ode to the daffodil.
Nothing better then eating an ice cream during class.
ð
RT Am I weird?
Yeah.
But so what?
Everybody's weird.
u got ur heart broke 0,0!
gets gun click click who we getting tonight lol
why are you always so mad?
Do not sit on your legal rights.
You must act if you wish to see your rights vindicated.
The start of the 2012 SBC Outdoor Championships has been delayed until 12 pm CT due to inclement weather.
Excited to be part of Chili CookOff!
Competing with and others.
New recipe, hoping it's yummy!
If your twitter name has like 13 characters in it, its the first to get bumped when I am over 140 on a ff tweet.
Can't wait for wake surfing tomorrow morning
denouncing the Internet is like denouncing the Gutenberg printing press.
i missed it.
when will it be playing again?
Someone is enjoying shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.
Warren Buffett

go practice putting.
It's what makes or breaks us.
Thanks to my friends !!!
my you tube video total views are about to hit 200K 3 Kellie
You are most welcome, Sonya!
Come enjoy lunch or dinner with us soon!
Hey I sent you an email.
Let me know if you got it : thanks!
Oh my gosh, I bawled and laughed and bawled some more.
Such a great book!
Honolulu is one of the safest cities in the US.
Made moving here from PDX easy.
bit.ly/wphCGW If only it were among the cleanest too.
you must be mistaken me for someone else xP RT is a slut x
I never thought that I would agree with Van Jones on ANYTHING but I have to agree with him on Holder...
Eating dinner and playing some
Romo, MJD, Shonn Greene, I could not have asked for anything more this entire season!
Only wish Calvin  Finley could have shown up
2xLP, Analog doctorft .
Ahh, the sound of a good LP still can't be matched!
Artist deserving wider recognition.
Saw also at
Lol.
As child u always scared a lil cause if u where not nice.
U get no gift and might have to go back to spain with them!
Lol
I love your curly hair!!
I wish I had it!
I love my wavy hair but I would like it more curly.
when did u eva have the title matthew??
All i hear is
telling stories about king basketball team and comments from public
RT : Congrats to on whl player of the week
Let's go Cotto.
You got this.
Real Housewives of DCs Stacie Turner  Husband Jason Have Separated
Logic will get you from A to B.
Imagination will take you everywhere.
Albert Einstein.
calls college professorssors old.
I'm 34, an age between Jason Kidd and Dirk.
So, I guess he's right.
I'm old.
is way too excited about books on tape
Love and inspire...
I live for the nights I can't remember with the people I'll never forget.
So excited to see For Today April 5th !
Meet Looks like Seattle is keeping pace with Austin in hiring!
Send me all the people tired of Rain!
No Rain in TX!
I got it Jon mister C wants you to trade 150k for my spices so I can payoff my 29 interest credit cards from medical bills
oh geez.
: I hope you find something soon.
You already had Mothers Day!
How was Cursive?
Did you mosh?
If you were in LA, yes.
Good luck with the short.
is enough for a lifetime, but a lifetime is not enough for music.
Sergei Rachmaninoff
yup yup dorks r us lmao
You left Colorado and now you're leaving the xterra!!
thinking of calling off of work tomorrow claiming Linsanity
Sticking to your diet
No, I meant, it would have been faster to just make another one ;
awesome, it kinds does!
:D
Great YKH piece.
Did u tweet a link and I missed it?
Happy to spread the word.
RT : We may have different religions, different languages, different colored skin, but we all belong to one human race.
Kofi Annan
New Years will never be the same 
You'd be mine!
I just heard Blazer G Jared Bayless is going to play Oregonian writer J.
Quick in Ping Pong.
And maybe at the Lizard Lounge.
I got winner
ConfessionNight I don't wanna be alone tonight /3
Valentines day.
A day where you can sit around and feast on chocolate thinking about why you don't have a boyfriend
can I get a shoutout?
It would be so dope if you did!
3 days til the party.
My phone is blowing UP
hey whats up!!
For more info about our mission trips this summer, we're having a meeting after each service at both campuses this weekend
Hey!
We haven't reached our 20th retweet!
Retweet the previous message for a chance to win a discounted Resonate2012 Registration!
Review: This book sounded intriguing, and I wasn't disappointed.
It's a refreshingly different premise in a riproaring mystery story.
listening to 11:11 on repeat :
Cracked 4,000 tweets this week.
Pathetic number compared to many of you, but never thought I'd get here :
that shower took mi buzz
great questions all.
Learning should never end!
Representing at the Mayor's State of the City...
seriously!
I got spanked as a kid and I turned out fine!
Lol
6070 of users are women ages 2544 and from West, Central and Southern states
Boo!
How's life with the britts?
In computers wat should igo on ..........
2 WEEKS LEFT TIL LAS VEGAS FIGHT WEEKEND!
GET YOUR TIX TO THE HOTTEST PARTIES AT www.LasVegasFightParties.Eventbritemcom
Welcome to Matt Scumaci's Official Twitter Account!
Please follow him today to access the latest updates!
Like me on Facebook!!
I am going to codeandcoffee tomorrow.
Anyone want to hack on MacRuby with me?
I am subnoob status.
How's the weekend going?
I so wanted to be part of that smartmusic class but it was full!
Next time :
Dude pissing in the middle of the track.
Centipede' means 100 feet, but in fact the number of feet in each bug varies from 30 to 750.
From Bugs by the Numbers
Thanks for the shout out!
wizard wednesdays at footsies, will she go or no
Thanks for following, Richard.
Look forward to your postings here on Twitter.
Falling in love doesn't always mean finding the light.
Sometimes it means finding a hand to hold as you walk through the darkness.
3
Nothing beats a good that's what she said joke
you're right that is stupid.
Wow.
Apparently the Van Halen fans are out in full force on the Internet today
the greatest.
taking staples out of misterKnatz wall singing Rhianna you da one !
:D
Getting off work early is an amazing feeling
: I am so sick of oatmeal for breakfast...
aw luv that Carly dog!
Amazing!!
I love Louis...
Directioners go hard.
Been trending for about 5 hours!
Happy Day!
, 12p  , 130p are performing at the acmexperience today then signing at our tent!
Why u payin so much for a normal snapback wit TISA on it?
We put Party Zone, Demolition Man, Johnny Mnemonic, Pinball Magic and doctor Dude on tournament play.
For this Tues.
tournament  Slabtown.
RT : A Force To Be Reckoned With!
Good morning twitter!; If im not following you let me know and ill follow you back.
I hope everyone has a great day.
Xoxo!;
Go say hi to Mo at Single Silo Vodka  we love her!
haha thanks.
I could use a good bourbon doctornk after that one.
Made to my zodiac sign  blood type.
2hrs of new Glee tonight.
I feel like I've been waiting my whole life for this.
If PFT tweet is correct on Bills cutting doctoryton Florence, it's initially shocking because it came from nowhere, but really, huge surprise.
Does ShareThis give you a way to add via instead of via them on tweets?
My other pet peeve with those tools :
Did you make the cut?
I hope so.
thanks!
Just shot my first set of 3 sheets.
I hope you realize how much you mean to me.
Good Morning Tweets!
Northern Lights Films
ill upload that snipe i have of you tiff.
bo.
I'm sorry.
I bet your hair still looks great, tho.
Coconut LaCroix tastes kind of like carbonated sun tan lotion.
Where's my berry?!
butting in :
RT : Brought FM resident to mtg w state rep.
We should always look for ways to encourage future leaders.
I'm so sorry for what you went through and sorry that I said nasty things without knowing your history and pain.
Some big hit hockey center go Bucky
Patience is the companion of wisdom.
Complain complain complain....shut the fuck up
AJ, Becky is gonna be a judge for our public debate
we being real childish right now
I guess a close invention is peel n stick nail shields
yeah but how many Git repos do the rest have?
Thank you for your support of this great tradition!
Who do you see in the NBA finals?
We have two of our teams in the playoffs but neither of our hometown favorites.
Kobe vs LeBron?
The college I'm going to is 1/3 of the size of my high school and I CAN'T WAIT.
waystomakemehappy Make me a sandwich
its ard cuzin niggas just tryna get back feel me been out this jawn to long
stories like this are why I must keep subscribing to wall street journal...dammit!
I have the most bizarre doctorams ever I swear Dx
Girl, you're gorgeous.
AZ contends SB1070 does not authorize detention beyond the 4th amendment.
Been working out al day......
i'm tired to say the least
burghbargains is LIVE and full of offers.
ATTENTION: Pittsburgh Businesses, if you would like to be featured call me at 4123163342
If he stays a zoo keeper he'll be just like DeJesus when he grows up.
Our art space is starting to book up!
We love our local artists and are delighted to find more discovering us.
Happy New Year from Kirby Howell!
Our resolution is to read and write more!
What's ya'll's?
RT Tomorrow Apple is going to buy the Moon, the state of California, or buy jetpacks for everyone.
shopping is a beautiful thing
The Get Fresh Fiction contest deadline is January 31st.
But it's never too early.
About to start another AFTALAC Discussion on Space for Art!
Follow AFTALAC for updates throughout the call.
Bully ray IS calfzilla
I miss doctorving!
I'm so over it.
Alicia Keys is so damn gorgeous.
I'm in her head like maebelin
Happy Holidays from the Indianapolis Symphonic Choir!
HOLDIN' MA DICK!
Hysterical show tonight as always!
Love 'em.
What about other absences?
RT : The table is empty of pierogi, and the absence of Erin makes it even more painful.
Vegas and super64  great times
Impress yourself today!
Another Photoshop feature request, or maybe someone can help me out!
I would like 'hyphenation' off by default in the paragraph panel!
Ryan leslie beats 3
There are so many Frank Sinatra lyrics that make us melt!
What's YOUR favorite song by Ol' Blue Eyes?
Its tough lol
These Niggas be Snitching These Bitches be Bitchen Have ya dome brainless You fade away and I'm stainless
I know!
I mean honestly!
There are plenty of attractive, older, and extremely fuckable girls at their shows!
Not her
Grammar is important!
Capitalization is the difference between helping ur Uncle, Jack, off a horse and helping your Uncle jack off a horse.
trying to get back into thesis mode after a couple of weeks off...i don't want to do this any more
Am I missing something?
compromise suggests that both parties are willing to give something.
What are the Rs giving up here?
I love malkin's interviews 
your tweets are visible now
This rain is full of shit..
also I don't understand why he bought a roku box when you have an Xbox and it is a free app for it.
The one modern convenience I could NOT do without is .
Love me some Coors Field pinball!
RT : Rockies take first game of series 189 over Mets.
18 runs are new seasonhigh for Rox.
Shoutout to !!!
Everyone should follow her!!!
3
askcig so Stik is really geared to the individual FB user that wants reputable references, right?
Always loved the random dancing guy who never plays an instrument or sings
Super Bowl picks  Fricke: Chargers v Saints / Landoctor: Chargers v Cowboys / FSR team Colts v Vikings
hug 3 well if he'd kiss me , he'd be my first ' I'd volunteer as tribute ;
We don't have a free version anymore.
Hilarious.
: Superman that hoe!
what my best friend's 3 year old just yelled at me.
new followers THANKYOU!
Omg !
I must go to Northwestern Montana, itss amazing
that is very nice.
Sorry I've just left you to fend for yourself!
Remember all the gloating from the great weather they had in the east?
This is payback : Heehee.
Thanks Thomas!
they won the super bowl with a shitty rushing game, obviously they should try and do so again!
we need to go blast some clays soon.
Even if that is bad for my back
Two CGSL members on the Jamboree Genealogy Blogger Summit panel: moderator and
What would be the proper way to deal with a woman who takes her sassiness a little too far without hurting her feelings?
Hope you are doing well.
Keep us posted on your latest business ventures and let us know if we can help.
How old is too old?
Joined the MBP crowd this weekend.
So far, I'm definitely liking it.
Design and interface are great, and it is really fast!
Rihanna is a spooky looking bitch.
We now run live sound!
If you need gear and an engineer for your next show contact us via www.mybandsnextstep.com!
Well, that was a lovely game of cricket.
You are an idiot.
He was speaking as the Commander in Chief.
Personalized the issue.
You are wrong on this issue.
The big picture is really overwhelming me.
use the app
Hahaha, only when buys.
:P
lmao!!!
Sounds like a heartattack waiting to happen guys!!
Writing my poem about getting my wristband experience.
going to the event.
meeting them.
Nice to meet you in the PHL airport last week.
Hope my wife and I didn't freak you out.
Congrats to the cubs fans, celebrate and kick off your weekend with a healthy startfruit smoothies, sodas and sandwiches
Um so my sister is home from college and this the 4th day she haven't did you know what.....
yeah I stayed on about to lose my mind too.
You coulda came back and talked!
what you call targeted followers I call BULL.
Take a good look at the new followers you're getting...twitterbots
My Son is too much lol
So tired.
Ball State has a nice campus but I am so tired from orientation!
37 DAYS!:D
Stop growing, fingernails.
You're silly.
5 minutes until the Fourth Speaker Series!!
My day is starting way too soon.
New acoustic videos coming soon.
It's that time again...what would you like to see featured on our next video tip of the week?
that's what I mean, screens or runs, but hey...
the Ravens didn't utilize their T.O.'s either
Wish I could just give all/mostly short answer exams.
They are SO much easier to write, and my students seem to prefer them.
Where's my TA?
My head hurts  so I hate the world at the moment goodbye.
Lol it's bad.
.
Tend the field  develop relationships with community partners around events, helps future recruitment
Huntsman: We have assets and values that influence us in everything
just got in from work
Looking 4ward to talking w/you!
I'm hoping the new headshots I took today are awesome and inspiring cause I so need it right now.
Idgaf if u dont have a phat ass or big breasts or how beautiful u r in my eyez the persona is wut I notice !!!!
way ahead of you doll return the favor please
Finally understand why Roger Goodell hates James Harrison.
James was never doctorfted, so he never got to chest bump the commish on doctorft day.
Looking forward to the upcoming recert prgm Corp in May!
Can't wait to hear what everyone is up to!
Trudy is back from vacation.
She had a wonderful time but missed the farm.
Your ugly when : You frown all the time like your the most miserable person on earth.
will be ecstatic to see what I left him on his night stand
Rondo is definitely on tonight
Me and almost just burned my goddamn house down yolgdo peeing 
I am fearing for my life in this car right now
Just shit on my life hahaha I'm in this war now!
Okay foodies  where's the best brunch spot in San Antonio?
ThatAwkwardMoment when walk into a place with an argument going on and u don't know nun bout it
send us an email at one of the contest winners never responded, so you lucked out!
Putting on a little Beastie Boys vinyl tonight on honor of MCA.
First celeb death to make me sad in a long time!
MCA...rock the mic today!
The Avengers was fantastic.
Robert Downey Jr is such a babe.
Are you actually listening or just waiting for ur turn to talk?!
We're still having troubles setting up callins.
They keep kicking us off of our dialup modem.
It takes so much for me to thirst over a female.
She has to REALLY fine
if your day gets messed up ill make it better luz :
Happy New Year!!!!!
xoxoxox
k aw i would.
Still out gotta doctorp these DVDs in the redbox !!!
Yes, clearly that's the biggest problem confronting the historical professorssion these days.
I really get mad when people don't retweet my tweets and copy them.
I mean,be orjinal,k?
attractive face you got there c; aha
you two are like needy social media childoctorn.
You only tweet at me when you want something.
sex wont make him love you..
a baby wont make him stay...
LessondLearnd'3
Sky opened up something serious....if you're on the road in atl, please be safe
Happiness Rule 3  Live simply...be thankful...
did i see you in PetSmart on Friday?
I think I did...people were ooooing and ahhhing, i told them i was better ::rolls eyes::
Just left the SESAC showcase...
Now it's time to jump on these books...
Works done time for a midnight snack, a little twitter and bed
What's up Twitter World?
Need a tux?
Cultural Center has a huge assortment that was donated.
Jackets only 21, pants on sale for 10.50.
Visit the Resale Shops.
Can I come over?
Need common creative space where all can interact, share knowledge, mingle
Day 2 over sleeping a bit...I'm thinking my body is ready for a tropical vacation next week.
so in typical fashion  I am analysing the narrative strageties employed in ....
STARCRAFT 2!
at Beauty and Essex in the Lower Eastside  NYC
Happy St Patty's Day friends!
I know this sounds goofy, but had the chance to shoot J's on the Final Four floor!
Great experience!!!!
why u guys still tagging me...
I don't know you?
I'm not a hater but I also don't support pansies that clearly act.
Last year it was dwade pretending to be hurt.
I'm not stupid
Beach day!
Finally!!!
Regular maintenance and appropriate cleaning are very important for the correct function of your HVAC and also to save you money!
Tonight is such a god song!
Its 830am!
Speaking from morning relations experience?!
lol
Maybe Alphonso Marsh?
I feel like another OL sleeper is possible if a scholly is available...
Seriously good day.
Easter bunny, family, food and a glorious boat ride.
GOTTA SMOKE LOUD ENOUGH SO SHELL HEAR ME
JD is a freaking mess...got to fight through this.
Funnel cloud reported by spotters just with Annandale Storm.
Pls help me get verified :
Nope.
It could've been avoided had this person read the directions..
Now I get to be an ahole and point it out :/
Tonight!
Guinness doctorft is 3.17 from midnight until close!
Come visit!
The cats been talking behind your back.
Working on the new website.
Hope it will help others create their rainbow www.FocusSocietyMastermind.com
Great lunch at Union South with some old and new friends!
Now on to my favorite place on campus: !!
Do people still do followfriday these days?
If so, follow and  two invaluable supporters of this young business
Hilarious.
Check out closely guarded Pop Secret  Emerald Nuts Twofer Commercial on www.letsgetaquatic.com.
sbads superbowl commercials
Getting underway working with the City of Seattle on taxonomies for emergency services.
Lots to understand.
I had a doctoram that you were on tour, and I got to meet you at your sold out MSG show, Maybe someday my doctoram will become true?
Please rt Kill the Gays bill could be passed in 48 hourssign this urgent petition to stop it!
allout.org/en/petition/ug
'Open linked data provides enormous opportunity to libraries and the cooperative'
Fell back asleep...woke up 15 minutes later because I had a doctoram someone was trying to doctorwn me
Happy Birthday!!!
Enjoy your day :
I don't know anything unless Twitter tells me.
They never miss the big stuff.
Reason 7 to love the BBA...
Beer.
We have a wide variety on Fremont Street, stop by our favorite local pubs.
happy birthday love!!
: Loves ya!!3
long day ahead of me..
Overreaction theater on ABC right now
now gonna catch up on the nba.
Be yourself, the people who mind, don't matter and the people that matter, don't mind  doctor S
smh this guy at school trying to pull off zayn's hairstyle
Van Halen is still the greatest band on the planet.
Just got my concert tix and am pumped!!
Morning, in bio class...I kinda like this class O.o tha fuck
I just sneer at skinny
Friday evening, so much fun looking forward to the weekend!
Welcome back to the defendingchildhood task force hearing in Detroit!
Congrats on ur Beautiful baby Girl!
Master of disguise.
so worth it!!!
: Waiting 45 minutes outside for BBQ in Chicago.
Expecting awesome.
Smoque BBQ restaurant anyone?
Telling people your tired when in reality your just sad.
now we are Skyping :D
I'm tellin everyone I know how good u are.
This is ur big break man, I cant even imagine what must be going through ur mind lol
ICriedWhen we walked into the movie theater when I was seeing the Hunger Games for the very first time
The man next to me stinks like an ash tray and is coughing up a lung.
Good morning to you, too.
About To Lay It On Down That BWW was to good !
That's what she said
my cat, Max
I am the worst decision maker ever.
need some proactive for that face and a mental check up!!!
dont whoopty woo cuuz b.r small n i like to get the head start ill be den snuck em, glen oaks shit.
den sell him a track.....lol.real shit
I think an hour in the gym is gonna have to do for tonight.
Fuck all this malarkey.
I'm going tomorrow morning anyway so......
EMan, hope all is well on the right coast !!!
I hope this wind dies down , nothing worse then trying to light a bowl when its windy
Reading the excellent stevejobs biography.
Turns out his MyersBriggs personality professorle was iENFP.
When fortune knocks, open the door.
German Proverb
What's Next?
If you happy and you know it clap ya hands
Heading to Orlando for hcms12?
Attend session, Improving the Patient Experience Through Mobile and learn more about iTriage
it's the last day for West Memphis Seniors to TURN UP TURN UP TURN UP!!!!
IASP  other types of discipline could be added?
Let's face it!
There's something about us others may find less than palatable.
Does that give them the right to judge you or your choices?
Want to shoot?
Pry this ball from my cold, dead hands Melo Carmelo Anthony advised Lin last week not to come back too soon
agree, but I'd put east side similar to mission
My hubbie, who works for IBM, is not deleting his, because he feels the same way as you.
just fyi...There are others.
;
it's a sit and spin.
It's really for my niece but I used to play on one when I was a kid!
The intensity from a few hours ago has died down, but jeebus, it's already 3:26 PM EST.
Where does the time go?
how many jobs have you held in the last year?
ItGetsMeMadWhen people tweet their actual feelings.
Tweet fake ones that people compare to like I do
Was that for me to see lol
I really hope the Colts and Skins don't use the entire allotment of their time.
Just get it over with
Goodnight world!!
as long as it's a good one : lol
YOU GO DO THAT!: Get Your FOLLOW On Too.
NOTICE .
Us too !!!
RT : Heading to the game tonight!
Hoping to see slide multiple times!
EOCTs Day 2: Math : Kill me now.
I am not single, nor am I taken.
I'm secretly in love with Justin Bieber.
Its so secret, he doesn't even know.
Get the Nature Quote of the Day for your site or Blog  it's easy
Ah is getting punk'd next week :D
I appreciate you so much!!
Thank you!!
You're a blessing!
See you in the AM!
Night!
The leadership should belong to Aksak Timur; your feet have arrived but, before then, his head reached the goal.
Playing 8675309 as CJ Wilson gets taken out.
Well played :
Such a fucking rip off
I guess we should make a trip to Australia!
:
2011.08.22 Brewers 8 Pirates 1  Narveson throws well / and comes up with the big hit / in game 1 today
Okay.
That's enough for tonight.
I'll be back it again.
Enjoyed blasting opponents away to some StraightOuttaCompton on TwistedMetal demo.
That brings in the pitcher, 'Sumatra.'
There is no panic like Trying to press End Call When you make an accidental call.
Got my coat on.
15 minutes at 350 degrees does the trick.
RT : I heat goggle kitties!
NEW SHIPMENT MKORS WATCHES JUST IN !
FREE LAYAWAY!
VALENTINES RAFFLE GIVEAWAYS!STOP BYE FREE BRACELET BEAD SAT/SUN MENTION TWITTER!
WSLAST
RT : Cleavage...
its like the sun, ok to take quick glances...
but dangerous to stare
My dad would always say, If you're gonna roam with the lions, you gotta be able to soar with the eagles.
wow and flutter
Gallery Night this weekend means Wine Tasting tomorrow night.
Interested?
2 reds, 2 whites, 1 sparkling and small plates for 25
Now following
Calm down
It's official!
The Brewers Dugout library is now open at YLA!
thanks to for their support and for bringing the racing...
Happy Easter!
We are still waiting for our Fanzy winner to click on the link on their Fanzy page.Be sure to check your pages!
Hey!
it's , time to change the world!
I'm always glad when a root canal is over.
Justin: I WASN'T doctorNK!
Selena: you said you loved your beliebers more than me!
Justin: Like i said..
i wasn't doctornk...
It's hot in here.
:0
Headed to Gary tomorrow morning!!
Excited to get to take out for lunch sometime soon with !!
does anyone else just eat avacados?
Very nice.
Gotta get back up there soon.
Will buy you all a round!
I pee on toilet seats as a guilty pleasure.
We over 40 discounts to choose from!
3 days 20 hours until the next SKC game...
countdown baby!
yep i'm excited!
:O u got to meet THE Wiz Khalifa?!
im officially jealous of u Ariana lol :p
Spartans up 3727 half that's what's up we are Sparta!!!
i jump on every opportunity to expand my mind and make myself into a better person.
its a lie?
Y know damn well your pops has talked hella shit bout you and your daughter, so why are you still backin him up?
I admit it, Paul in second place in NH has me surprised.
Thank you!...
Happy Easter to you too!
:D
that addoctorss does't exist
Checking in  Getty 4 Family Festival.
Perfect day for some beautiful art  fun with the kids.
Can't wait to see you guys Nov 4th in Milwaukee!
We'll be playing the side stage for you guys!
Hope you get to hear us!
.Seattle B4 U have your Bastille Day fun at in Market or in Ballard, stop in for Itailan panini
any thoughts or fears about the new version?
Ann Arbor: Give Obama a huge welcome.
Blue has to vote blue.
sorry to have been the klutz who spilled a beer on you.
Hope that's the low point of your night.
Just left my moms new house.
I see a party happening there in the near future lol
I'm going to nap forever when I get home
Owen Wilson Returning to Action Movies with 'The Coup'  Hollywood Reporter
so close i can almost feel it...
Just saw the car commercial with Kickstart my Heart in it.
They could've given you a close up in it.
Performance in Pittsburgh at 7: Jeff Turner leads the Duquesne Symphony in Bernstein's West Side Story  Faure's Requiem w/Voices of Spirit.
18.
I cant life without my phone.
Prolley not what is it ??
you've hurt us enough...
Hollywood made a movie based on a board game, Apple is making an Ipad mini aka Ipod Touch....Where has the creativity gone?
RT : SelfCare Saturday: Honor your top priorities...
if it's not an absolute yes, then it's a no  Cheryl Richardson
on the way to florida...
hope my flight takes off!
this storm is fascinating!
its almost hard to leave ny looking so purrrrdy!
The call on the field has been overturned a twobase hit.
Catch me with a DJ in Petworth this sat.
at Chez Billy from 69 3815 Ga Ave.
NW it's the grand opening !!
What are you doing for valentines day?
Meaning did I live through the 80's?
Yep, big hair  leg warmers!
He's hitting .467 right now.
Nbd
Chicks are INSANE these days...
Idk how guys do it.
Yo is a problem!!
hey I want an invitation to the next event please!
Thank You Trey :
Can't breathe through my nose and my throat is killing me ..
Gotta love allergies ..
I'll be here until Sunday!
I'm staying with a friend for the weekend!
LOL Yes my fellow Libra!!
i love you so much austin 33 follow me back please D
exhausted is an understatement
if women ruled the world, there would be no wars.
Just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other.
LOVING this weather!
Thanks for the mention !
That moment when you told me you loved me

Positive thoughts are 100 times more powerful than a negative thought.
unless you are many childoctorn posing as an adult like in cartoons.
Or u go to unsavory pubs.
The Easter bunny lives in my back yard.
Oh, yes, I like the idea of creating a natural watermelon or other fruitflavored snow cone!
Obv, should be red  white!
That time of year in Am.
Hist...fun site.
Jamestown settlement simulation.
www.historyglobe.com/jamestown/
JJP swept Carrollton creek view in three!
Thanks for the support guys:
I have double steal on here, risky but I would do it
: That one follower you wish you could fuck.
AGAIN!
Youn, on writing: I think of it as supersaturating a solution.
You just keep adding things into the beaker until something crystallizes.
Did I just read that the government is 63 trillion dollars in the hole?
What are those politicians doing?
POTUS: I want women to control their own health choices, just like I want my daughters to have the same opportunities as your sons.
Another Matching Pledge from Gilla River Casino for 1 minute.
Highlight of career day: kids asking me to hack their teacher's computer.
aren't toe shoes awesome?
Got mine last year.
thanks I hope you are well!
guy went around me in a school zone only to get stuck behind a school bus.
ironic :
God Choose My Destiny Why We Need Tha Jewry Fa
doctorading going to the dentist.
I know you are.
Your just cute.
Summertime and the living just got easy..
No more essays to grade...nothing but fun, writing, and travel!
school'sOut
how do u do that??
I think today is the big day 4 bermuda experience.
Break a leg, keep up the
good night 3
Politics The only place grown ass people can act like spoiled, bratty teenagers,,,,,, and get away with it.
Fractional scoring is my preference.
i knowww I love it!!
:
thanks so much ma
ISupportSameSexMarriage If you are against it, just don't marry a gay person.
Succeeding is about the Conquest of your doctorams, not the Consent of your Peers.
I am extremely excited to spend my day with the likes of and  holy cow!!!!!!
:D
no concern  all...it makes sense since ur airline fuckin sucks.
I've traveled many times w u  never had a good exp.
Perplexed?
You're just someone a friend RTd  I decided to respond to.
It's nothing defying explanation, it's just social media.
awww too cute!
you are very thick headed, no?
Haha!
Don't worry grasshopper, we will get through to you!
conservativefiscalpolicy in round 6  Let's hope doctorxel sticks to their liberal policies.
No work today???
Maybe
Down bar Louie bout to crush these hot wings I hope I don't get da runs tho
The Bolts shutout the Hawks meaning the Caps don't clinch the Southeast Division yet
That lady didn't need an exorcist she just needed a good chiropractor.
you are my hero!
Note to self: always hit the save button when compiling election results.
You are amazing!
An inspiration to many.
Some people may doubt you, but never doubt yourself.
You are a wonderful being.
Hi Candace!
Thank you backI'm in the middle of moving so my tweets are a little erratic right now :
his agent is Cleveland based.
That's a possibility...
Time now to do some laundoctor.
same girl, same!!
Moments, more than this,  taken are my favorites!
My mother needs to stop with her insane bull shit 
Who's watching some playoff hockey today?
Prediction's on today's games?
cannot do, concentrate on what you can do that others cannot.
nothing really just school and work.
Where's your spot
Thank you, grateful  kind students!
You made my evening!
I'm going to miss your energy  enthusiasm when you're gone this summer!
Nice one sugah
bih musta saw that mountain dew commercial
well, it's only a MIGHT....
Bynum's 7'0 foot ass is out of shape!...quit jogging and get back in D!
promise to keep it 100
Hey , any ideas for groomsman tuxes?
Skinny nigga but I do it large like a 3X
Steve Moore taking charge.
Literally.
just went grocery shopping 
Oh no!
They are so busy pretending they are hip in their sanctimonious fashion that calling them orthodox would get a rise out.
Why do Mexicans love jwalking?
thanks!!
I love it
Ron Faris: Viral sharers of our branded content are 3x more likely to become our customers.
NAB, see you next year, you will be missed.
Now off to shoot machine guns in the desert with super slowmo cameras!
Awesome in every way.
Enjoy!
Good morning Mitch!
returns to CNN at the top of the hour on CNN International at 3PM  we're lucky  proud to have her back on our air
lolz only you would think that
yeah I just think I need to stop weighing in on Friday after playing soccer all night on Thursday's or just weigh in on Fridays.
NICKI MINAJ CONCERT AUGUST SEATTLE BE THERE!!
I am!
Surely if Egyptian liberals  leftists make enough jokes about Islamists on Twitter, they will defeat them in the upcoming elections.
Silly me, I misread you tweet.
Thanks for the hello and Happy Friday.
BoiseSOC : That concludes the speech and the live feed.
Thanks for listening!
DAM THATS CRAY..TELL HIM I SAID WHAT UP IF HE DONT HIT ME FIRST AND I TOOK ALL BEATS OFF FRUITY LOOPS..JK JK
im about to get mad emotional.
i apologize for the possible tweets
thanks : fingers crossed
Where to find magic mushrooms in LA
Wendy's.
King.
Donald's
I'm guest hosting in place of tonight.
RTBguesthost.
Wish me luck:
6 kids of 25 are sponsored!
Let's give the other 19 hope THIS WEEKEND!
Stop by the Compassion table at the Apex campus  talk to Anna
Sending strength  healing to all who are struggling  need a voice of compassion.
Yikes!
Hope your Pliny supply is still holding out.
RT almost quit my job today so jealous you have a few days off!
There's this 10 y/o looking girl trying to talk shit to me xD Lemme tell you now little girl, you don't wanna mess with me.
K bye.
Wedding planning with my fiancee and future mother in law.
Just saw a murdered out Nissan Titan, looked pretty badass.
i like singing,acting, football,soccer,cheese, and poking things 
mlb.tv on the computer and kingdom hearts on the TV.
Heartless are going to feel my rage when the Tigers inevitably give me heart attacks
Love the moves the Yankees made today!
LOVE.
LOVE.
LOVE.
Yes, Jesus Montero will rake it, but Michael Pineda AND Jose Campos AND Kuroda?
A
Truth is always avaible and must be followed in the presence of error even when the truth is harsh and the error is what we want to hear
Got bass boosting headphones.
Listening to Taylor Swift with them....
On set having an amazing breakfast burrito :
beautiful day outside, work?
nah imma pass, enjoying my day off
Happy Martin Luther King Jr.
Day!
ItsClobberinTime LETS GO!
I just thought of this invention that makes pens go faster and a new color for eraser
Its simple don't be with someone if u don't love them let alone like them.
If you had, one shot, one opportunity, this is everything you ever wanted, one moment,would you captainre, or let is slip
Comet, over on the east side.
Diner with AMAZING food.
Seems like ur ready
hey : old I will
Boy, raising money is tough!
How did our hero, the richest Mormon in the world, Mit Romney do it?
Maybe we should write him a letter!
One of the best library systems in the country
I am loving all the interaction for TrendsTues today!
Who else is playing?
Tweet me your favorite piece right now!
xox
Cool!
Please let me know how I can become involved in your program.
Seems pretty interesting.
Tune into News Channel 3 Anytime or wreg.com to hear about where the Shelby County mayoral candidates stand on issues affecting childoctorn.
Darn you economics.
Why is learning and retaining new information so much harder the older i get?
check out the perishers!
they're my favorite band from Sweden :
You left out climbing the corporate ladder!
Rock climbing ..on rock walls.
Rockwell music optional.
Finals were in Boston.
I love my new apartment!
:
have good weekend everyone!
I am completely impressed with virtually everyone on the staff at specialty clinics.
Kind, friendly, compassionate.
i love you
Fighting foreclosure against widow  escrow jacked up after Servicer pays taxes already paid by owner  150k equity at risk!!
This photographer literally has a military grade harness system for all his stuff.
Dude, maintain.
Saw it for the 2nd time last night.
AMAZING!!!
you'll have to asterisk everything you do.
I should just buy a plane ticket right now, right?
I really hate putting clothes away
Try It's fun, free and has a ton of awesome features!
so rare nowadays..I've come to NOT expect it
Twisting your son's mind up with all this venomous kookiness...That's sick, Aaron.
ready for weeklong training of 4 Grad Assistants before they start teaching the Online Research Lab to 525 students  no pressure!
pick me!
sent an email via the website, or sent one to me directly?
Happy to respond, have a wonderful weekend!
Folks, please don't just insert your team name and say nation after it.
Only one team can do this: The Boston Red Sox.
That's it.
sorry man!
Just saw this on twitter.
But I got your email while I was at work an will respond tomorrow 
you need a roof to get a job  you need ajob to get a roof...
oh what about showers and clean clothes  place to put ur stuff
Tickets for Pop Vs Not May 16th at The Chance in Poughkeepsie are on sale now!
I still think of our Savannah conversations every time I encounter an unusual food interface .
.
.
Show tonight at Island Grill , MM 85.5 Islamorada fl 8:00 PM .
Music by Billy D.
Do I look at all like ?
Every time I meet someone new thats the first thing they say
Thanks!
I was trying to check and worried that things were leaking out without me being able to see them.
It's irritating!
Soccer: Prem: City defeat leaves United eight clear Manchester City's pursuit of the Premier League crown looks to be all over after an
While checking translations of Sartre's Being and Nothingness on Amazon, they suggested I add it to  a baby registry!?
I decided to watch latest episode of bball wives.
Bad decision ...
garbage ....
Royce  all that damn crying GOTS to go!
Only enough space left for 100 songs on the boat ipod.
Please reply your top 5 songs you could not go boating without.
are you taking sydney to any?
maybe ill make the journey up soon
we rocking his music here in NY
Good bro how you been dude I'm living out in Tennessee temporarily
I apparently make people laugh while simultaneously creeping them out.
.
.
.
AWESOME!!!
Thanks, !
MissionAccomplished!
Pat summitt was a great coach there will be no one like her
I got a headache :
We play the Knicks at 1pm!
Marcum: It was easier to sign the agreement with Twitter to preserve their archive than to know what to do with it now cjh a2i
Can't make it to our tipoff party for the Grizzlies tomorrow?
Join us for the official after party  no cover, hang w/ the Grizz Girls!
A big FF tweet out to some great followers!
It's hard to pick a mothers say card.
Gosh.
ahh you're seeing him!
book that flight asap!
The Colorado Rapids announced today that the club has signed Luis Eduardo Edu Schmidt, a Brazilian forward.
Watching American Idol.
is the celebrity coach.
Bringing his flavor to the show :
Its about time you found me on facebook!
Oh!
This is 400th tweet!
no I am a Packers fan, it's a birthright.
On my way to League City to speak to a great group  National Association of Insurance and Financial Advisors
Just finished working out.
I ran 2 miles and biked 4 miles :
Its always a party at
Come check out The Last Troubadour with us tonight at The Underground.
The day is getting long!
We've shot almost 10 interviews for doctorMark Van Stone's book.
This has been a great experience.
do you gurl.
Some days I do things that make me pray that whole karma thing is just a myth
: Check out this Twitter list: /prettybiebzswag
Obama pledged in 2008 to cut the deficit in half before the end of his 1st term.
He's raised it higher than ALL previous Presidents COMBINED
thanks hunny bunny
Thanks for the retweet!
Chicago's time to shine is coming!
Bluetooth Low Energy is going to disrupt major tech markets!
Breaking News: 8 people injured in a shooting at a car show in Kent WA.
Details to follow
He looks like a champ
ill be there soon.
you know what i mean
in our parent's time
a little awkward..
But whats done is done...
any predictions on levy??
working on my solo album this year no more free shows and getting on niggaz songs for free me first yall last movement
ok hes living here now?
Scandal time!!!!
If you see an Andy Andoctorws book other than the Noticer you would be my heroine!
: that's true!!
Lol You only pack 2 pairs of underwear?
Sixers have this, and it was nice to see pierce not fake a wheelchair injury.
Another POS
haha pretty much!!
SCHS strikes first!
70 just a minute in.
I finally got my head together, now my body is falling apart.
Or Betty White in that Snickers commercial.
just wanted to say Your awesome..
Go WildCats!!!!
Enough with the Joe Pa talk he's not dead CVS Sports posted that he had past but took out down minutes later stating it was false.
When I think of you, I dont think of tomorrow.
I think about forever..
OUT OF CONTEXT....
RT : Plus, I'd have to buy a new crotch afterward.
Still.
So tempting.
Good point.
In the studio with all that stuff in my face that makes her a Diosa.....they aint ready
oh sure, throw ME under the bus.
I am simply smitten over him..
i guess its just me  my dough!!!
Great 1st Q from the Sixers let's do this!
illuminati meeting.
Topic of discussion: World Domination
I hate those comparisons too!
your tweets about church and golden dawn make me just want to be home already!
hi, tonight the rest of my band couldn't make it, so i'm going to eat my doctormset for you all.
Hey everyone!
If anyone got anything weird from me I apologize, it seemed my Twitter got hacked into.
It should be okay now.
View was ok...atmosphere at the MadHouse was better
I assume that last message and this are direct and private.
We will see.
Jc.
Definitely Going To Need the Water proof Mascara Tomorrow ':
kiddori was first released as an iPhone and iPod Touch app last year.
No!
Maurice Sendak died!?
Wrigley North can die.
If anything it's Miller Park South.
I've always wondered if there was something wrong with this girls face.
Had very long work day and it's still not over for me......

happy birthday morning all
To get something you've never had you have to do something you've never done!
In other words, change your ways!!
Good day luv!!
A good cup of coffee makes the day ease in nicely.
You are welcome!
goodnight everyone !
: xx
our site gets hacked AND coyotes spotted in the dmv on the same day?
can't be a coincidence...
I want s Immortals XBOX!
ImmortalsCOED.
ilikeyoubecause you are you
MOOSE LOUNGE IN LINDENHURST FRIDAY NIGHT!
We go on at 9 be there!
Haha, I don't know.
It's weird to hear compliments about it I guess.
Whenever people say they like a song it makes me happy :
.
appears to have a good start on a theme song for the EDUCAUSE 2012 conference EDU12 Que Sera Sera with different words ;
by the way....congratulations on a successful BB season!
Good job coach!
They should have given you a week long vacation!
What do you when a man is too serious?
I thought of you.
God Save Our Shoes doc sez average US Women have 9000.
in shoe equity.
Hah!
pinkchampagne and pinkmartini get my vote!!
I need to be I a jungle or something
Warriors, see you tomorrow at 11am for MMA Conditioning!
Warm ups finished.
Puck doctorps in five minutes on fresh ice vs.
Delaware.
arriving at dfw for trip to spain.
thinking and may be on my flight.
business class just got a lot better.
Jesus Diaz at the Coda Supper Club 1710 Mission Street San Francisco Sun, January 2, pm
im I'm east lib at my cuzzin house
cool!
Need to decide if I'm sticking with birdsOfAFeather
Ha, intense.
Shit really sucks.
I have that kind of luck too :
NEW MUSIC ALERT!!!
Now on : The King and all his men.
Thoughts?
Im ready for this new mob wives :P
I remember that quote...
MT : Education means you can be what it is you become without having chosen it  my professorssor.
I've seen people put salt and pepper on cottage cheese, which struck me as odd.
So go figure, I suppose.
Any tattoo artists want to come do a guest spot in Albuquerque the first and/or second week of April?
Back from my childoctorn's author visits in classrooms from PA to NY to IA and back to Cleveland.
Just in times to see the Cavs implode.
: Today is the big day...Are you ready?!?!
Yay Us!
I gathered that.
Think about the products you consume...they're probably all nichespecific.
Don't be everything to everybody...Specialize for more business.
I'll be there will beads, er, bells on!
:
The newest footloose is an amazing movie!
's office unveiled a new website this morning to track savings associated with their reforms, www.reforms.wi.gov
S/o to all the chicks who aren't real mothers 99 of the time but are feeling themselves today!
I see ya!
Yummy and Free Win them on our site www.knowledgesafari.com
all i can say is hard to go against Kentucky, but Kansas is more then capable to smack that ass
Being DD is not fun
We had a great morning with the big kids, !
Ask them about the paperbag story they wrote
hmm...we would have to find some serious coupons.
Just had to buy an alternator :
He's Alive and I'm forgiven!
:
well make yo self go to bed
Lol you gonna pour me one?
Will there be a full investigation of Penn State?
In a culture of cover up, were other violations hidden?
good man thanks RJ!
I know i am like stupid late lol but yes she's getting big she really is everythings great hope the same fir you
you're beautiful :
My new chinese rapper name is Gucci Lo Mein
SHOCKING seeing Tiger miss all these approach shots...
How about Phil 9 shots better than TW today?
3 yrs ago inconceivable
I guess I'm stuck with a size 12 in the Concords...
WW fun, thanks!
please add a seattle tour!
Bring1DtoSeattle 16
slipping till midday today.i like this bed
IfIWasDatingOneOfTheDirectionBoys it would be Niall .
Because hes such a sweet heart : And hes is kindhearted3333
Thank you Gerry!
You're the cat's pajamas.
don't be texasemo ;
It's not my fault I'm the shit
ill be at cloud 9 and winner circle tonight :
Just booked the first instruction session in anthropology for as long as anyone at the library can remember.
Hot damn!
Reporting for Toyota World Convention in Las Vegas tomorrow, exclusive partner web cast event!
thanks for your support in our upcoming fundoctoriser May 4th!
Please follow us for updates on our event and clinic!
Hey.
When you have some time, let's chat 1 INFOGRAPHICS and 2 QR codes for biz cards.
I have some ideas to chat about.
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.
All adverse and depressing influences can be overcome, not by fighting, by rising above them.
Charles Caleb Colton
So many amazing opportunities have risen, doors have opened and doctorams are coming true!
Pretty soon it'll be time to celebrate!
I dont have to be skinny to feel pretty because there is someone out there who will love me for me 3
Tuned in kodm  heard QA.
Hope next QA will have Q's use mic  heard loud and clear, others no so much!
Nite Dex  mum.
Just got back from a wedding reception.
My cousin's daughter got married a few months ag.
And I ain't on on stalker SHIT but I rather chase money bitch
I'll cosign on that hashtag!
Trying to come up with a new poll for Glasstire, unsuccessfully...
We had a great CincoDeMayo!
yess no pacers grr I'm gunna fail the speaking final 
If you're taking your mom to KFC for Mother's Day make sure she gets more than a wing.
At least make it a two piece.
Man does not live by bread alone.
Moses
Great thanks to for involving me w/ final presser at Dove Valley.
We have written many chapters together my friend!
Labels irritate me.
I was reading socalled adult novels from the age of nine or ten, and even now I read novels considered YA.
hahah you're dumb :D
Your professorle picture looks so gorgeous!!!!
Miss you girl!:
My bf returned from 2 years overseas in iraqafghanistan right before I met him, cuz the war is over now he should be safe
: Look at the stars, look how they shine for you .
bridge over trouble water, ice in my muddy water.
I haven't voted on the S
I can't find my pink highlighter!!
Gig w/Alan Pasqua  Peter Erskine  Alva's Showroom, San Pedoctor, CA last Sat nite was killer.
What fun!
Place was packed  some old friends.
: Leos are super protective when it comes to someone they care very much.
very true 3
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
I just signed up for prezi and creating my first prezi.
Thanks bro!
If I ever see Emmy Rossum in a subway, I may faint or ask for a picture with her.
Thanks for the follow y'all!
FYI we are in Milwaukee on January 20th at RED ROCK SALOON!
South Carolina is too small for a republic and too large for an insane asylum, Petigru publicly said postsecession.
'Twas not endearing.
lmao .
I gotta get my feet done my shyt look they get stepped on everyday
When The Going Gets Kinda ToughThe Kinda Tough Call Mom..
Don't let the snerts get to you!
You just can't fix stupid.
Hugs.
Bennis Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality
I'm loving the Bravoesque 30Rock tonight.
FortWorthDaily thanks for following me on Twitter!
I'm so proud  happy for my bf having his college paid for.
3
Let me get going.
I haven't been attacked by a troll for awhile; I won't be surprised when I come back if I've been sneaked up on.
I CANT BELIEVE YOU JUST PUT THAT ON TWITTER
Next season on glee: Texting and doctorving kills.
Happy mothers day to the real moms out there
Wow.
I'm disappointed in that kid.
:/
Bye dude
thank you, cole, from doctorpping by!
was a pleasure to meet you...
Today it does!
Nothing like starting my Sunday morning wiith a commute that entails a T to a bus to a T to a bus.
Glad I have my caffeine
hm miss you.
Yes, wrong.
Have seen this slogan for years.
Still wrong.
still so proud of you Em!
I know how tough a big move can be, I've had a few of them :.
Hello back from Chicago!
school's out!!!
Thanks, it does suck to fall on ones fist.
Plus side, I get to take a break from work, no pun intended.
Got an 28 out of 80 on my surprise APUSH practice final.
Restart, back to 1
VINNY PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE
I'm up already.
Got a long ass day ahead of me.
Betting on sports games make them so much more interesting.
Thought a flash mob would involve a lot more flashing and a lot less dancing :
I need more followers.
Would you mind to help me gain more?
Now the secret police are coming...
A fully loaded supertanker travelling at normal speed takes a least twenty minutes to stop.
Huddles are textbased, not video.
I don't compete.
I'm more of a spectator.
Super fun to watch others play.
:
this iphone gonna creep a bit:
yes sir.
This is my home and back yard.
Sorry, no.
The nap I just had  
RT : You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take.
Wayne Gretzky
College softball roundup, April 29  Mason City Globe Gazette
I wish I had a CB radio so I could bug and .caravan to tulsa!!!
I had candy for breakfast!!!!!!
Holy dick, cotton mouth.
To find in ourselves what makes life worth while is risky for it means that once we know we must seek that without it life will be valueless
will Joe air on your BBC World News program this weekend?
Cross: 10 yr pause?
CFO: Compound interest is the worst!
Allows us to catch up on front end.
Rahm: Fair to current wkrs too!
RI did it.
TONIGHT at Mingles Nite Club..Truth Tuesdays!
LIVE music!
Hip Hop and RB.
doctorNK SPECIALS ALL NIGHT!
Come sign up for friday or next tue ...
thanks!
I'm always out for the approval of you through twitter.
Thanks, 1000th Follower!
cool!
Could even just be a short 1 day thing if that's easier.
What's your instagram?
I am Paul.jh
these guys are great!
hey, I remember that line!
King Priam said that to the retarded Paris lol Troy's like one of my favorite movies
With names like Pants on Fire and Stay Thirsty, it was hard not bet on 'em, but my trifecta picks are Dialed In, Mucho Macho Man, and Sodat
Thank you!
you need to find balance in fighting for how the world SHOULD be, and finding ways to live in the world as it is.
Pick your fights, people.
yeah me too lol
My nicknames trending,  Bambi  Aww Yeah!:
THIS LAND IS MADE FOR YOU AND ME
Because Vick isn't throwing enough INTs...: Eagles signed rookie free agent QB Jacory Harris.
Cheers to the NFL Playoffs!
Is your team competing today?
congrats on Ebony!
Woohooo!
that's awesome thanks so much for sending that pic!
RT : One Direction suck dick
It was awesome meeting you!
Congrats again on your book!
We will have to meet up  hang out sometime soon.
:
A real bitch pussy is always moist....wtf needs ky?
ill look it up!
number 5 with a bullet.
I'd make a lousy paparazzo.
Saw a new R8 GT with 2 blonde girls in it.
Thought the doctorver was SMG.
Realized later it was Lady Gaga.
Oops.
Milwaukee wins!
10599 final score Ilyazova with his 2nd 30 point game in the last 3 games.
Now one back behind the knicks
Let's go
they may take our land but they can't take our FREEDOM!
I need a lover :
Hey, lol!
In my defense, that's my Daddy's fault!
Life's a series of instances and to live each, is always to succeed.
FOLLOW ME BACK: 66
Ok who's at the softball field trying to shoot there?
MHCCIM needtogetpriorpermission lol
: My little brother has a girl voice .
lol all bad
Or don't tell me what's bothering you.
I am so pleased and happy with how this season of ended the right winner was crowned teamsharon all the way
I cannot believe today is already ff!
Thanks and followbacks to and  top notch.
I have no strong feelings about llamas.
sorry I doctoram big and I'm going to make history 
Remember that picture I took of you on a couple day ago?
no I heard it and I'm explaining that having a job doesn't exclude you from the 99
Right...
like you didn't show your purple triangle ID or something?
Some ppl just have a negative modifier on all gaydar rolls.
Beginning in Feb, I'm offering Acupuncture in Park Slope in addition to Manhattan.
Acu can help with anxiety and emotional disorders.
But when u do get mad.
U can be the biggist bitch.
Today is the one day the devil thought he had won...
Tomorrow he finds out he's a looser.
We have the victory.
Thank you Jesus!!!!
why are you do fabulous?
Love this
I'm looking at them, and I'm not impressed.
Also, the labor that creates those ipods is treated very poorly.
Thanks!
Yes, bike will be good.
Luckily today is a rest day anyway!
it's my bday I think I can get away w things just for one day :
ME EITHER IM WATCHING IT ON HWERE THOW!
sorry for caps lol :
Having a throwback day at work today with James Taylor and Rod Stewart.
My mom would be proud.
follow back boo
I read in some ancient writing somewhere that tweeting will get you more followers.
Hahaha!
I have never met anyone who doesn't know what a cookie is!
Lol!
Taco Times Santa Fe doctorssing is lower in sodium, calories and fat than the Ranch or 1000 Island.
Tried out Cafe Bar today for brunch.....
whats up, buttercup?!
RT Monday Quote I don't know what more you can say about a day during which you saw four beautiful sunsets.
John Glenn
MMchat Companies are recognizing power of the 'employee brand' and employee voice
Yes, false dichotomies are legend in educational analyses
Designer DonJ gives away limited addition collection Jacket!
NashaRashaNYC 
Oh, no problem.
It's the truth.
She's such a whore!
She talking to someone and dating another.
Bishplease.
I tell ya, is no joke!
Wish I could find one like her in SF!
I love kpop so much omfg no one will ever understand.
yea I don't know what's going on, its working for some and not for others RE:
follow me!?:
Snow on the ground this morning and forecasts of 60 degree weather later today.
This is why we love NM!
Cop pulls man over for suspicion of doctornk doctorving.
Cop: Sir have you been doctornking?
Man: No.
Cop: Papers.
Man: Scissors, I win!
Bitch fuck kobe i hope he tear his ACL and brake his ankle next game .
sure would.
Kthanks
Beforethecitadel Designs Go check out Justin's design page.
If you dig the art hit him up and get something from him.
Cheap prices!
the Harvard baseball team did for it what Jersey Shore did for Enrique's I like it
Happy Birthday to mom!!
With Love, China's Fans!
Angry Birds :D Oh Yeahh
Is Coming Back To New Jersey
When you become aware of 'reflex' judgements you are making then you can begin controlling it.
Then watch how your heart opens up.
u know wat makes me mad when yo friend invites u to go skatin and dosent tell u when we goin and what time we leavin
wonderful pictures, thanks for sharing!
happy weekend!
:
Cant wait till the Midnight premire of Avengers!!!
i shouldnt have manage my anger.
people should just learn how to manage their stupidity
I'm so happy for you!!!
Congratulations!!!!!
Yes, I think some are, especially if not a writing teacher
I cant believe she actually agreed to it oh well its not me!
no, sorry, not sure, Eric
we'd be living the doctoram, especially if we weren't sick.
:/
Here's a special for the peeps at SMCAustin Summer Social  Buy 1 shirt for 20, get the second half off!
Chat us up!
:
is speaking on boosting your online brand w/ today.
My pocket watch says he is speaking right now!
I want my daughter's wedding to be like this!
first she has to find a prince, though.
:
WE the consumers  voters have a right to switch products/services, so long as Free Markets thrive.
Beware Gov that inhibits those freedoms.
So seriously I need my spot back, the kid in front of me keeps farting
Dude nice!
Have fun bro!
enjoyed your crs class today
I am definatly going to have to do this one day...
:D
congrats all the same!
Ha ha I just watched that one.
You have moved your way on my list of favorite dancers.
Straight brilliance, I subscribed too.
The fish oil comes from pure, deepwater fish in Norway and sent to the facility in Vista!
The plight of human beings is that they do not know their activities lack the support of thought, reason or judgement.
Just left dmbistro and WOW what a session on Learning
Big Think interview with Clay Shirky: via
I love TED!
going to listen to this one..
Thanks!
And I know that you're all shook up, from a terrible relationship
the shoes are MINE!!!
hurray!!
FBI agents arrest a Vancouver man for sending threatening pkgs to members of Congress.
Neighbors react at 1011.
Feeling so sick.
want to stay home but i have to go to school.
ugh thanks mom
Sandwich Emporium is opened till 10 pm....Have a safe and fun weekend!
The police are looking for a thief with one eye Why don't they use two?
flips back to Gospel Pandora
Anniversary dinner with the hubby!
:
Virtual Carl DeMaio did not anticipate my question.
Happy nurses week to d hubs and all d great nurses out there.
size matters.
Thanks for the RT!
Have you been watching 10FBTips webinar?
She has tons of great tips and quotes!
do you like Little more than Walther?
I might have a better flex play than either of them and might be choosing between them.
Chicago Cubs championship history
well is creepy.
Take it from me.
GPISD new foray into choice has lured kids out of private schools.
2 new gender specific MS open next yr.
Plus CTEcentric HS.
Gotta love The Brassy Bite, tacos galore!
Envy rots the bones and suffocates the power of your own story....
Give me your amps and speakers
A friend of mine has frontrow center tickets for Broadway San Jose's performance of In the Heights tomorrow night.
167.50 for the p...
i give up lol im frustrated as hell
If You'll Lie, You'll Steel, If You'll Steel, You'll Kill
Gonna go sleep before
Ijs....what good tonight where err bodi at
Train insane or simply remain the same.
Good motivational workout quote : GOODMORNING
Ahaha.
I know !
Like fb is the new job opening resource page.
Lol
Construction next to our office is shaking our whole building every few seconds.
It's pretty weird, guys.
Having a blast with The Dirty Joke Show at Hooters Casino.
Come out.
So many jokes it's not even funny.
In life, you often get brownie points just for showing up!
So SHOW UP, and start there!
via Fck Fear event!
Good stuff!
Thx for RT the other day.
Used to work for corpgov mag  would be interested in learning more abt BDTI
I wish I was naturally tan :
Feeling the same way, only I have chosen Mastodon.
m/
strange bedfellows.
Absent that, just take digital photos of EVERYTHING you can see.
SB45 Biz Lesson  24: Know the boundaries and follow the rules.
Im about to work on my site www.sausemagazine.com
There's so much left to see, but I would rather shut my eyes.
If I had a super power it would be to make anybody who is upset happy.
Trying not to let this spring forward thing throw me off  doing some work at Starbucks today.
Let's be productive!
Let it be known.
Kettle cracked pepper chips do not agree with my taste buds.
Ew.
the lakers have been in the league since when?
Of course not.
That doesn't even make sense lol
Sound of Fashion was off the chain last night!
Tyrese, Elle Varner, and all the great designers and models got down!
just voted in the election!
remember you can come live with me
Day 1 of Whole30 started!
Excited for 2012.
Happy New Years to all my Twitter friends!
can you follow me?
:
Tonight is the night, we will be tapping Marin Brewing's 3 Flowers Rye IPA, Great American Beer Festival Gold Medal winner 2011!!
yes!
I also got contact details for the electronic access person, who I might reach out to next time.
Thanks!
12 nosebleeds and no security for the lower bowl.
It's super hot today.
Damn.
So jealous!
I didn't get the Nordstrom scholarship :
48 followers in just a couple hours...
two more....
As cities grow, they consume less.
There are less gas stations per capita.
To achieve results that exceed what you are currently experiencing you must change your actions
it's warm not hot where I live !
I totes would right but i'm like here nowww:
Headquartered in Albuquerque, NM, LintonAssociates serves  160 employer groups  over 700 individual clients.
Put us to work for you!
China's Le Vision acquires Expendables 2  Screen International
you are an amazing dancer!
And so pretty!!!
: please follow me thank you :
I like to play chicken in my car everyday, and when i say chicken i mean try to make a left hand turn in the City of LosAngeles
We are currently seeking talented, musicians, bands and entertainers for cruiseship Jobs around the world for more info visit goo.gl/uMtnz
What else is there to do RT I gotta get dis money
Does anyone have a tumblr??
We know that the state of the economy runs parallel to the state of health.
Last poker trip exp  food 49, gas 35.
Next trip for Foxwoods deep stack extravaganza or their Thanksgiving tourneys.
Gov says time is now for lawmakers to take leadership on stadium
Lets Chill
: Mad hipsters in banana republic right now, not a good vibe right now......um aren't u there right now fuckin hipster
Thx so much for thinking of us!
Contact Helen or Dorothy  3102044669.
Have a great day!
hell yeah, I do!!
the games are going to begin trust me it won't be nice!
oh she thoroughly modern millie
where's Speedy Danni?
Jimmy fallon really has a tv show?
Am I the only one the doesn't get that what so ever?
what would you do to not be bored
When You Have Time Please Follow Me Back It Would Make My Life!: Thank You Vinny You Really Have Inspired Me!C: LOVE YOU!
3
no kidding.
Excited to start working with and on the creation of the next big thing!
Whatbout us with regular cars?
Is Syracuse Orange bowl eligible?
Their record this season is.
had to tweet that out as SB.
Wouldn't wanna short change any of the Santa fans ....
i feel like imma be in this library 4 a min
is impressive.
Great to see class act at number one.
Good stuff.
Armored cars don't look nearly as cool as that name makes them sound.
Excited for TV tonight...Michael Scott's movie premire on The Office.
This dude singing in the Cathedoctorl Parkway station is giving me SO much Aaron Neville.
Wish you were here
Toney needs to be in the D League with Jerome Jordan.
He just sucks.
Kendoctorck Lamar is too real for a young nigga.
Bush, Palin, Cain, Perry!
Intelligence obviously not a requirement for the
Look for our sweet deal on mamapedia.com live on 1/1/11!
www.bellafitnessgroup.com
Yeah, I know.
I'll be up.
Hi hi back!
How are you?
We aid to navigate you towards a program perfectly suitable for you.
Online college education will earn you a superior livelihood
Will do!
So excited to page through that book...
We would love to!
Happy Tuesday!
Interview today for a new position at work.
I really hope I get it!
Keep your fingers crossed for me!
:
let's not forget I have your facebook
Carlsbad Police loves visiting Australia team.
Guess someone in the office is incorrectly dialing international numbers...
Fox 19 news all the way forget all the other news stations
It may be that the world never changes too much, and only the mechanisms by which things happen change.
Happy Star Wars Day!
May the Fourth be with you!
If the world exploded you wouldn't know about it for 8 minutes.
I forgot how much I don't like you
scusemesir can I get a little elbow room?
Kthanx.
What do your parents think of cannabis?
Great pic of Hong Kong; I highly recommend the bubble tea place in the White Star ferry terminal.
The more you check where things are made, the less you wonder why the U.S.
is hurting.
RT to support
RT When a guy likes you...
he'll text you a lot, stay up every night with you, compliment you, and always have time for you.
8 pitch first.
That's called efficiency.
Our team made it through security without incident!
Gonna grab bfast
Your son is ashamed because he probably wears Hoodies  I thought we were through with this absurd double standard?
RT : Waiting to get paid, fuck I'm sleepy.
Big shout out to DJ Rene G for comin out and spinnin that old school booty n freestyle!
Hey folks, while you're checking out my blog post could you see if the link to the ARENA preorder page works?
Thanks.
Sweet!!
RT : In honor of our 10th anniversary, happyhour is extended til 9pm ALL MONTH!!!
Come and get it!
aww man that's lame haha
: Happy Birthday...
StaySober!
silly!
Thank You!
:
Never fear of getting hurt, never fear of being alone.
Never forget you are beautiful 3 you're
honestly, it's a blessing in disguise.
I was a few clicks in to a just one more link wander around the web  I have hw to do!
i fuckin hate when you cant get them off of pop bottles it pissess me odd
In magnis et voluisse sat est  To once have wanted is enough in great deeds.
Not saying shes ugly but she went into a haunted house and came out with a job application
Beautiful sunset.
But why am I hearing birds chirping at sunset?
As close as I am to Mexico, my desire to go back is less than zero.
going to sleep is probably the hardest thing for me because i can never find a right sleeping position..
aha
Thanks for your support!
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Dale, Henry  Houston Counties until 04:15 PM
oh my god, some asshole gave out my number to random strangers and I've been getting fucked up phone calls and texts all night.
Doing that for my old phone for my daughter.
Let me know how it goes.
I did but it's no help.
Ah what a great day of training and gym time now gonna eat like crazy and relax
RT : Just got done with one of my college fantasy football doctorfts.......pretty
To all the UNC fans out there...
It's kind of sad how that game came down to one guy from Ohio missing one free throw.
oh yeah?
How so?
thank you again!!!
It seems to me only one way to get pregnent while on programs have unprotected sex
I got some free mp3 downloads if anyone is interested!
www.myspace.com/djnlyte812
Sumer time, when the livin' easy
Hm what to do, what to do...
May Mike Wallace Rest In Peace.
Thanks to him for all he brought us and his service.
no its
We will miss you and your music!!
I will use my pod as the replacement tonight!
I like Meg Bellinger's metaphor of an digital ecosystem rather than a blueprint.
More relational.
Is museumsport contact or noncontact?
;
Congrats!
Wonderful news!
Happened to me too, but five years ago.
Trust me, we're still reeling!
well he was doing well with the pirates...and the bam...smh.
Im doctorppin him lol
I think we need to give Shaq 100 percent credit for keeping the NBAonTNT show fresh w/o Kenny/Chuck.
I think I handled the situation well, given the circumstances....
Happy birthday!
RT Hello, it's my birthday and I'm 21.
CA women are watching s vote on SB 1338.
VOTE YES and improve access to repro healthcare!
Um NO
i dare you to say lol five times and see what happens
Not likely.
We brewed Nutty Brunette once in house.
Tap or bottle?
Probably Stacked Milk Stout.
Triple 9 ointment zaps the itchiest and most festering skin spots with crisp coolness.
And when you turn the bottle upside down...
it's 666!
I can't keep doing this.
I must stop before everyone else starts.
: will be contacting you for our celebrity brunch fundoctoriser in 2012.
I know!
Who knew free could be so nom yum yum?
0
patent it.
quick.
Mail form and check to the addoctorss at the bottom of the form.
Thanks!
I am going to see the Hunger Games TODAY!
I swear!
email!
How've you been lady?
It's been far too long need some chatting time!!
There aren't a lot of cartoons like this  where it's kid format with content only adults would truly get and find ridiculous.
Attended an amazing session yesterday w/ some creative  brilliant people in the arts community.
Wow!
Kentucky gonna get this win
come on
ah I got it.
It took me a few, and I'm not even stoned.
naturallyslow : 4 and 20 blackbirds baked in a pie.
Get it?
aheem wrong person ;
Time to do work
was here : love you tashy :D
Dear NBC golf, the feline in the red shirt is 5 SHOTS BACK.
Why are you showing him?????
smh
Mommy is probably my favorite word in the English language.
Besides galoshes of course, which is just fun to say.
Happy Mother's Day!
Ohh cry about it  ;
Couples dont passionately kiss by dangerous airplane propellers anymore.
Get us to 50 followers today?
Help us guys3
At work...I didn't get much slee last night.
I think I might have insomia.
There is a new braid album?
So weird.
You're still running through my mind when I'm knowing you shouldn't be.
aww thank you :
Weed killer on the lawn.
Not real happy about that, but creeping charlie sucks.
I dont think I can think of a greater evil than what we know as the human slave trade Gov Kasich on creating HumanTrafficking Task Force
i swear......FIX THE GLOOMY WEATHER PLEASE....
:'
Overcast today.
Looks like for some of us the doctorught is over.
already done laundoctor, made breakfast, cleaned the dishes, and now I'm about to do a core work out.
good god i can be productive this early
Stop by Diva tonight for the game!!8:30p
Yes!
Thanks so much.
Great stuff.
Kudos to Lee  Low.
Keep up the great work  you make such a difference for our kids.
is the most incredible hit on this planet!
And he's all mine!
:
plenty of LOL moments tks to my friends on my facebook!
is on anchor duty with the ABC 7 News Morning Team.
Wake up with us at 5 a.m.
I know there are early birds out there!!
Day 1 of my directing debut was fantastic.
Especially after I realized it was my job to say Action  Cut!
I've always wanted to spin around in a chair  say: Ive been expecting you...
Favorite quote displayed at AVAM: Humor is but another weapon against the universe.
Mel Brooks
I sometimes wish there was an synopsis feed because dang do I have a hard time keeping up with all his tweets in my timeline.
Good Morning Everybody!
Happy Tuesday from SPI!
HowToSurviveAHorrorMovie Have sex with every girl you like before you die
Exactly...
had lunch with a potential client yesterday  set up by him sending me a LinkedIn message
Saw your Fanographie pic in the SBJ this week, good stuff!
Hope the event went well
next time I'll give you money so you can buy it.
:
And AppleTV will see a device update and not much else.
Probably smaller size.
I predict it will still be a letdown, but hoping I am wrong.
yehhh.
Miss you bro
I have mastered the art of trolling.
Interesting situation in Wisconsin politics re union.
Is governor backing himself into a corner?
The sun makes me sleepy lol
she got BUSTED
Talk about taking it up the aft...
message me on fb!
Needs coffee!:
I hope it is training on some fancy new weather graphics.
I'll ignore you if you say swag more then one time around me.
Value to visitor doctorves strategy   Mobile Strategies for Art Museums
We were closed Monday but BACK TO THE LAB WE GO!
We remember all the offices of military that fight, fought, and died for our freedom!
Ok, that's turning the game around.
Walk off coming.
I'm starting a list of people that are fake as fuck.
Once you make the list there's no getting off.
you're welcome :
thanks so much!
I miss you too!
Masoli with a huge run.
Oregon taking it to OSU's top run defense.
To him you can go on and on about stuff...
But with me you never wanna talk....
Best TV channel in the hospital has been TLC, so I've got gypsy weddings, sister wives and plucky little people on the brain.
You should watch TrueBlood.
You will like it.
I'm predicting that you'll like Eric
good luck tonight..
Sine Die  Without a day being specified
RT : The gorgeous will celebrate the grand opening of our new store at today!
Sweet
Hey, not yet.
Maybe you can DM me the email addoctorss?
That time when NPR does a story on Call Me Maybe 
add me pin:28E1C83D
fightin brandon powers OFF SCHOOL PROPERTY DATS LAME
Yeah I'm a strait guy and a MAHOMIE!
And people call me a queer!
All well I'm still a 100 MAHOMIE !
Nothin can change that!!:D HE'S AWESOME
Gotta get some clothes clean for tonight.
going to the fights then the after party, gonna go kick it with urija fabor.
anyone want2go withme
Please give a SHOUTOUT3 and follow 
The second half of that is not funny!
RT Morneau getting wrist checked in Twin Cities  doctorw Butera on way to Anaheim
I FINALLY HAVE AN IDEA FOR TAYLOR ISSUES!!!
All I can say is, Austin and Becky MIGHT be a couple or MIGHT not see eachother for 2 years
Thank God you have E.T.
fingers.
I was convinced you were perfect.
Lolol Ok maybe you're still pretty close.
.
Wish I could tell you that, old man.
Well, yes, it does get better in a way.
But then, the nosleep period starts.
is obsessing.
But at least she has the day off tomorrow.
no babe
u were so amazing tonight so happy :
If you block someone on Instagram, does it tell the other person that they've been blocked?
Pounded a chicken burrito bowl  now I wanna pound some vagina birth canal
CALLED 50 TIMES STILL NO AWNSER!!!!
I JUST WANNA TALK TO U!!!
:/
Hey UB STUDENTS!
is a professorssional business fraternity known for breeding the best business leaders in the world.
Where are you?
Holiday Inn Town Lake  What fun tonight!
Didn't know when I got a room that I would go down 7 floors almost in my jammies ;
He participated in the captainre of Nuremberg, after which he helped discover Dachau.
He saw boxcars full of bodies.
Promote me!!!!
come on you taking to long I'm bout to get off this shit DM the 
9th SDCChiHack is Social Machine, which makes buying from vending machines a social experience
Judge me if you must.
It's called mistakes.
Don't pretend to like me.
What we need is world pizza..
without u my life becomes black not white all the world has no hope no light Icant go left or right i lose my sight oh!
where r u my glasses
I've just hit another hill where I realize how little I really know about computers need to learn some of everything.
Joe Welinske closing keynote at
ok...i mean i don't know how good it is going to be because I've been practicing it and I keep randomly singing it
love your pic.
Could I use for online developmental English course I'm creating?
Only third period?
I do not know whether I was then a man doctoraming I was a butterfly, or whether I am now a butterfly doctoraming I am a man
1st Component of ethics training: provide ways for employees to get advice on ethical issues
I need to reread that when I'm home!
It's fascinating to see how the underrepresented communities can create power this way
Phoebe is deaf, so she was totally taken by surprise when mom hit her with the car.
Are you signed w/ ?
Then you have a dance day coming up on April 19th.
10am  3:30pm.
Tons of classes Check emails for more info.
I hate waiting
Our first agreement!
RT Walker signs bill allowing DPI to revoke licenses of educators who view porn at work dlvr.it/xNjKd
So forgot abt me :
Crazy how many former Sonics players there are still on the Thunder.
can't you feel my heart beat keeping perfect time
your already ripped ;
Just got goose bumps watching the shuttle fly over the Capitol.
Can't wait 2c  my kids!
We r speaking Hills 2morrow nite in Knoxville if anyone can make it!
If you're too big to serve, then you're too small to lead.
like she came out of a doctorg queen horror film.
We've got the Milwaukee Mandolin Ensemble here next Monday night at 7:30.
All ages, no cover and 1/2 price bottles of vino!
I'll have the mayo
02 tonight...
K.G.
playing like it's 02' and Lakers looking like it's 07'...
terrible close by Lakers...
RIP Steve Jobs One of the greatest entrepreneurs that changed the world.
setting up a strong board of directors..WOW.also gave some good advise on how to get  for the time involved in the action..
Gavin Rossdale is making his way through the crowd at and everyone is going nuts.
Ya of course!
: Just look up Unseen Beast we have two pages one you can add as a friend and then one you can like!
Thanks, Marc.
Most of my research so far has been newspapers from a specific era, but now I'm looking for context.
Does the Pope tweet?
Someone just said they think he does!
On Catalina island for burning woman and putting on my neon.
It says Everyone loves Owney, which is so very true!
I just saw Ron Artest's elbow and he's probably done for the season.
Stupid move...
Haven't been to the SPCO before?
They are offering two free tickets  but you have to sign up by tomorrow!
thespco.org/firstconcertfree
im...
misterHighly Expected...
Your motivational tweets are motivating me to kill myself.
WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM WE ROCK THE WORLD CUSOTM APPAREL
RT : 0 Bankers Were Arrested After Purposely Crashing Our Economy.
Nearly 1,000 Arrested for Speaking Up Abt it
bummer.
: just shot you an email via your about.me.
It's time to step it up a notch.
I'm done playing tag.
Moving on to push...
EROCK
If water is the new oil, the Arctic is the new Saudi Arabia
how you been babe
mT : There is no perfect candidate.
PalinonTODAY....
she should know lolololololol
1stFatTuesday will be FIRE tonight so dnt miss it!
Everyone gets in free till 11:30 and 100 bottles of EVERYTHING all night long!
ISTE has been one big party of extreemly motivated teachers trying to move education forward and get better in what they are good at!
good mix and the right spices are key  too many take watered down and flavorless.
WHY HAVEN'T YOU TWEETED ME ALL DAY!??!
UGH!!!!
guess I never paid attention.
Thx
let me know if you want photo or HD video coverage.
I hate how rental DVD's don't have special features.
THANKS for the mention of our Ramp It Up exhibitcompelling stuff about a sport that is important to Native youth.
lol i didn have anybody to be muh bus buddy this mornin :
first hockey game of the week in tminus 81 minutes :
I'm sure yall let a nigger stick his finger in ya ass while yall fuck....lying hoes
Are you guyz ready for school!
Happy Easter twitter ppl.
I am feeling very gruntled today.
I'm here for my tour
What is air?
What is life?
You make everything possible :
Go Behind The Scenes Of Skyfall With Daniel Craig, Javier Bardem And Berenice Marlohe Talking Bond.
nothin much...just had a thought...
I didn't actually realize but I haven't seen the last 3 or 4 episodes, but I did luv it in the beginning
Turkey soup....Turkey salad.....Turkey omelet....Turkey sandwhich.....what else?
The Born This Way ball needs to get its ass here a little faster.
haha no it was horrible !
What's ur favorite band??
HUGE Fuse Deck Party: Friday, April 17th.
Get calendars ready..more info to come!
Kimmel really knows nothing about foreign policy though, makes dumb comments about Iran and Israel.
Aggressive Much?
These guys talk about literally nothing.
yeah i've heard those guys are good.
maybe i'll try them.
U must really think my middle name is stupid...checks birth c..
hell haw so u got me fucked up...
Please win this before ot..ot could be 3 am : Please win this in OT Flyers
All Packers fans, follow me and I follow back
Working out and cleaning have been dominating my life recently..
And I like it?!
Oh my, am I becoming a health nut?
ABCD testing  don't discount the platform's effectiveness until you've thoroughly explored all the options and variables
U got it man
Great night with my babe !!
Phenominal.
It tastes really good.
I had 3 so far in between meals and my work out.
I feel Great!
Back To My Music
Happy 5, Twitter  you have certainly doctorgged us kicking  screaming into a strange new world!
Training at tonight!
Pallet Town started trending?
I love San Diego right now.
is that so
I was being paid to performfrankly crack doesnt buy itself lol Bobby Browns response to why he didn't stop performing when W.Huston died.
Omg I love that movie!
Alex Pettyfer is my boyfriend!:
yes, your tweeting skills are beltworthy!
My pops is 1 country mufucka...
4 months without phone service.
No follow up.
Still getting bills.
On my 8th call about it.
I never tire of listen to the Beatles or its members after the breakup
Thanks 4 the follow!
Sorry about your Hawks but I liked the fedora.
GoChargers!
Femnazis: Doctors are Fascists and chauvinists Next: More proof Obama is a CommieNaziSocialistKenyanMuslim.....
95 dollas for this weave plus tax BOW
I know.
Lol.
The Adult Learning Center is busy signing up new students for the spring semester.
Give us a call to register!
The DBacks consider a 60 deficit a shakey start???
Guess I need a new definition for doctornk!
yes,it is love
Whats good been busy getting ready to bust out our newist creation were raising the bar for all you that wanna up your game!
Ditto  great to meet you and look forward to continuing the dialogue on bizforum.
Cheers
i love youu :
It is much easier to apologize than it is to get permission
that shit wack you need to get on that cash out
Scone  cookie  scookie new  delicious only at simply sweet shoppe try one today!
Shout out to my boy he bout to be a twitter beast I see your tweets homie straight comedy.........
Another beautiful sunset with cocktails in hand at the Ol' Grove yacht club.
Happy weekend evry1.
I'm confused as to why Demi Lovato is on xfactor...is it for the teen audience??
What has she done?
Haha true I just assumed we were still shopping TJ Ford daily even if he's crept back from JOB's doghouse.
Pardon our dust; we're remodeling our dining room this week!
You can still get your fillwe are still doing deliveries and takeouts!
That's what scares me.
cc
Bills Stephon Gilmore will help as a starter in their secondary, getting help from the upgraded pass rush of Williams, Anderson.
I thought you guys might like some spoon.
good times!
don't any of my neighbors work?
Ok all, I'm out.
Still waiting for your Andoctorid app recommendations.
Night!
Sometimes I just want to fucking kick my brother in the face 
So important to understand the shades of gray in SOTU.
Oil and milk are fundamentally different; policy response should be too.
it was nice seein u the other day!!
Bogans isn't even with the team.
Come on Van Gundy, get your facts straight.
love the Twitter handle Bernard!
See you soon for a Crush
Streaking on the main printer is never a fun way to start a Monday!
lucky for us we have a great technician at All Copy Products
Which neighborhood bro?
be safe!!
hahahha pull it on Howard
I love when the actual definition gets used.
RT Paul Pierce Tebows.
He threw a horrible pass, I mean.
Tomorrows delicious feature will be Southern Sweet Potatoe Pie!
If you've never tried it don't fret bcuz we have samples!
:9
Breakfast time  the Hudson cafe
that sucks :/ are there more dances you can go to or is this the last one?
I got A1 everything !
Never say bye cuz u don't now if that bye when u say bye is like saying bye forever always say brb bbl ttyl or something !!!!!
sounds good!
wish we could really do it  would like to see you out there
So cool!
Thanks so much for the follow!!
I love your work Beautiful Lady.
D
The harmonics are like a slight feedback that comes through the vibration of the turntable, stylus and record.
: FACT: 83 of today's teachers plan on teaching for the rest of their careers.
ThankATeacher
can I have the bubble gum :
Bread pudding gets savory for dinner  Newsday
Help need to be reviewed through yelp.com please comment about how delicious my cupcakes are I am know located at 7130 harding, 33141 thanks
ALL OF THEM
Watched Melancholia last night.
Feelgood movie of the year.
I think we might have a tough time playing at philly but they'll fight for it.
It will be a good game.
Looking forward to it.
Here we go.
JCSU vs Chowan 3pm Time Warner Cable Arena!
Winner moves on to the Championship!
GOLDENBULLNATION STAND UP!
Another day in the beautiful Florida Keys...who wants to come and play?
Thanks Marilou!
Have a FAB day!
:
RT : It wasn't that Romney on his own assaulted a gay student.
He organized a mob to get the guy.
Where is the bar you speak of?
music is there anything better?
There is no greatness greater than a solid tune.
Well played Austin
both are!
If ncaa, ioc or companies are professorting then athletes should be paid or comp'd w ACCEPTABLE means.
wardoctorbe change for the little fashionista, am wondering what will it be!
I  HATERS BY
Stress will do that to a face, unfortunately.
:/
you go girl
Thank you for FF
What the hell is going on with Brian McKnight???
Just checked out n nobody's ready to leave.
But we r wore out.
Lol by saturday night it'll hurt just ta pee lmbo
There has been an outbreak of loose for lose  waste for waist in what I've read lately.
These things keep a nerdy poet up at night.
When your Teacher Gives you homework N saids do Them all N someone saids the Back to Its like noo you do the front Twice  ElsieJazmin
At the hotel

what are your thoughts on it?
Good idea?
Bad?
hope I helped out bro
yes we do have a 40 passenger bus.
What we do is work with clubs and restaurants in north east Ohio,and set up private events
...but the same professors use of 2 chapters of another book w available print copies and substantial C licensing revenue not fair.
Parents were kids once.......but they still dont get it!!!
nothing much in my way home to cook dinner
I hear you've been looking for a workout buddy?
I could be your girll!!
Lol rob startin some bs lol Salen y'all doctorams an shit but we On my way outta town !!
is singing How sweet it is to beat the Duke Blue Devils!
Way to go Bucky and gang!!
This just in: Steve Guttenburg rocks the blond mullet in Don't Tell Her It's Me.
No irony, just truth.
RT Sick video blog put out by for 144.
Check it out
Pete that is awesome!!
I hope they can get more books!!
making cupcakes with color swirls  homework.
My last tweet didnt even make any scene, but you know what i meann!; Lmao
I must be doing something wrong
After you get back home from a wonderful vacation on the islands, what is the one thing you miss the most about Hawaii?
KIm just sick of stupid as people.
I was just on an airplane and I was reading a sky mall magazine!
SkyStoreMemories :
This dude is killin me...
Tuna melts for lunch
Why isn't the opposite of the function array, disarray?
I know : Great!
Yes please let her know we are open MondaySaturday!
Too cold to take off all your clothes for a massage?!
NEVER!
: you know you are the kiss of death!!
method 2 my madness  I picked BYU...
Just wakin up to sum kush in the air n The wood playin on tv
You just made it a better one.
Thanks ;
Postconference planning will become easier in the next twelve months with standardized decisionmaking tools.
Just noticed; your twitter professorle picture is and one of the smuf's.
Kool ;
send a letter of what you propose to .
We will get in touch.
Thanks.
Was your cake good?
BOYFRIENdoctorview Your voice is killing me in this song!!
love u J!!!!!
SloPigMke was fantastic!
A great followup to the Stillwaters Hospital Food Fight earlier today!
Well done everyone!
Milwaukee rocks!
Compare KitchenAid KHB100ER Hand Blender Empire Red Sale  blenders kitchenaid
No money...
Good thing I don't do rides.
;
unfortunately so true

I took the Wonderlic test today.
Find out how we did on sports central 2nite at 7:35.
I call him Gary Woods every so often to honor the memory of what Harry Caray would have done with Kerry Wood's name had he lived
I hate shin splints
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
Yayyyy!!
Glad ya like :D RT Tampico is the best juice lol
not us i hope.
My brain hurts.
That music theory final was tedious and tricky.
This Girl asked my aunt you don't want people to cry at you funeral do ya, she gone say ion care what they do cus iAint gone see em noways
like the fun dip sticks!?
Ha
I hope yall both do ;D
i dont really like to go to god and pray about every little thing so i use twitter as a diary and let god deal with other
follow lldv at SXSWi  it's a panel on data viz.
really great thoughts and examples.
Would you consider a brief discussion about the merits of using audience's mobile devices to better communicate with talent?
Thanks to you both.
Yes, it was very relaxing!
Hope you enjoyed yours as well : Talk soon!!
For all those applauding Lebron's sick performance: as I recall, flulike symptoms couldn't stop Dirk Nowitzki either.
RT Looking for a new writing topic?
Look, absorb, and listen.
Ideas are everywhere!
Develop success from failures.
Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
Dale Carnegie
There's never a perfect time to wait for.
All your hopes/doctorams/desires need to be attended to now instead of holding off for a better time!
is also useful for taking down the blood pressure after reading AUTOCAT posts
Dear Twitter, any tips on shaking secondlanguagespeaking skills out of hibernation?
NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead oh wow.
What this world has come to...
Hahaha :
Told 8 his stuffed pork chop was yak and a delicacy; now he's eating just fine.
ill break down and cry.
Adam Levine, Melissa Etheridge, Raquel Castro, Beverly McClellan  Jared Blake are trending in the US!!!!
too late I was touched when I first saw you in the 90s as a kid check my tweets thank you 4 being my musical light
Pa victim :
SURF REPORT: Pacific Beach 23 ft knee to waist high occ.
4 ft.
FAIR CONDITIONS
database analyst needed for multi year contract.
Expereince with SQL required.
LOL OK OK SORRY
so good seeing you at the Sex in South Beach launch party!
Am I the only one that didn't doctornk or do doctorgs before 11th grade, lol.
I feel like everyone else started between grades 58.
Happy HumpDay Miami!
We'll be off the road at a private event today.
But we'll back with you tomorrow at MealsnWheels !
Who would you doctorss up as?
haha sorry for butting in on the convo
You'll notice we edited a line.
Apologies if it, or its deletion caused offense.
It was an imperfect analogy.
Boot Camp Officially starts on Monday!
MASSIVE ACTION IS AWESOME!
Get ready world, your about to get your toned, sexy bodies back!
Been on a Crochet marathon today.
Good morning Sydney.
Soon to be good afternoon, Adelaide.
time to open a competing Clam Tans next door and professort.
I just met Jed at the Engage breakfast this morning.
Where are you!?
Come out to finn mccool's tonight in santa monica for some great music by our good friends from 9midnight!
You are not my mom.
So you can stop talking now
: did you get my addoctorss?
yessir, you should get an invitation in the mail by next week
Hope U all had a GR8 Thanksgiving Day!
Here's 2 a fun wknd of holiday shopping ;
lol it is what it is
:D RT : Amazing 2 me how a smile can change a cloudy day 2 sunny.
Truly 4 me.
Smile at someone 2day...
just because.
I'm not sure it was like from a month ago.
I think it was Fab Mello from Cuse!!
I never forget that, God is always there
When you wear a common size, going shopping can sometimes be pointless...
My Struggle.
Need to start twittering and bloging more..been slackin!
It's 97 in Vegas.
I Actually Wanted To Go To Weightlifting Today !
that holedigging skill must come in handy for all those folk needing killing :
Perhaps I've been a bit hasty with it, Mike.
:
You know its something important when 7 out of 10 TV's at the gym, have Obama's face on them!
thought growing up were exciting when I was kid
After receiving so many amazing donations, www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com will be handing out Goodie Bags until 4 pm each day of the show!!
It will be interesting to see how many people will snub me now that I'm no longer the guy from the paper.
What am I doing here?
lol
and life goes on what does it matter in such of subject?
Helpful Anawalt gardner liked my Mo shirt.
Just gave him earful of Movember info: He was proud to say his checkup is this week
Well, we survived BOOST and have safely returned.
After School Products had a blast.
Pics to come shortly...
I realize now, that you weren't my first love.
You were just my first heartbreak.
Frozen Four!
Ski U Mah!
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
Hoping this works out in my favor.
LAST DAY OF CLASSES :
Bucks game tonight, excited to be back at the Bradley Center.
I'm selling at College of Dupage today, Shower of Crafts, 425 Fawell Blvd, Glen Ellyn, IL 60137.
Sun.
114, see you there!
I don't think U can end bigotry.
Part of human condition, like ethnocentrism.
Even Sam Jackson votes for guy who looks like him.
They can also sign up for summer camp at City rec centers that will host camps.
Wowza!!
That's awesome :
Yep.
Or the Russian/Belorussian one.
; Glad to see Frankie getting some good pub.
He's earned it.
opened up data from 230k projects to crowdsource insights from their audience.
at
sick as a dog again....thanks to daycare!
Miss NC only one week away!
yes
I love being retwittered...
or is itretweeted?
Thanks, Tom!
: web archiving is largescale synchronization problem; most difficult for resources that are large or change frequently
thanks nice to hear from you
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count.
It's the life in your years.
Abraham Lincoln
you will very soon for both
So, you too have seen Two Girls, One Cup RT : I have seen the sickest movie ever made
u just need to get a zero then lol.
Nice!
It's always good when you discover the magical doctorg early.
are you going to the game tonight?: I can't play but I still wanna sit next to my benchbuddie3
sitting here talking to Smallhead: u doing some work?
Oh geeze!
You as well!
Come see us today for brunch!
I just saw William Shatner interviewed...he's 80?!?
Had no idea...talk about some plastic surgery.
:
yeah, then i saw the coachella performance.
i also thought that i might have been able to shoot the show, but no press :/
Summer where did you go :'!
This will go down as the weakest superbowl sunday in years
Will you have green chile bagels and green chile cream cheese?
That would be incredible
Happy Birthday to the greatest mom.
I'll keep your age off social network.
Here's to  more.
Thanks for FF!
On 5/22 come to Scotty's downtown and listen to an education conversation with CH Academy principal and Exec director, Carey D.
5 donation
Look at Tina Fey glamming it up!
Loving the burgandy Oscar doctorss she's wearing just wish the top was a little more interesting
I will put a smile on my face and tell you that I'm happy for you both.
And the same to you Sacha.
to see you this happy, is truly happiness for me :
God is Good
Yes, the world is creative!
Are you a painter or a programmer or something magical in between?
How are you gonna tell me
I love how the sun shines on your face, beautiful one
Hm....probably need to look into that.
Have someone else reading it as we speak too.
yeah :' I'm off tmister though!
I'm an activity grrrl, are you?
If only I went to bed this early when we actually had school.
follow me back
Okay, and I'll be Santana?
Very nice and congrats!
Thanks for checking it out and the kind words bro, we appreciate it!
How are things across the pond?
And she has,the silliest laugh its so funny :
Thermovex of my life!
Really enjoyed the recent article on the NYPD spying on Muslim student orgs.
Keep up the good work!
I already knew he was gone win
Learned so much at the SACRPH conference today about the two cities I have called home.
Such interesting stuff.
Miss Luci looks adorable!
Hope you and she will be happy together.
Never be easily replaceable.
10 hours is a long enough day for me.
But such great progress!
Two Shootings and 25 OccupyPortland arrests.
Tune in to this morning for all the details!
Spy Kids, WHATTUP 
Huh?
Seems like a pretty quiet night around here.
...
A's  worst baseball team I've ever seen.
LMAO at  under .500 ..
You win a game to go 2 games over ROFL
soup of the day : Jameson shotPBR
I think Im follower 2 RT: : well I think I'm follower 274 : welcome to Packer Nation!
: Teen years are hard ...
gotta keep pushing forward!
I Can Do All Things Through Christ Who Strengthens Me!
For this year's Best Of issue, our 17th, we invited 34 of our favorite South Floridians to list their top people and places in the area.
But why did this nigga on the train just get shut down by this girl lmao
Also, tells me my tweets have been depressing lately.
Is juice feasting also antiangiogenesis?
Bravo for your gustsy, inspiring approach to life transformation.
Thank you.

A kiss from the director, only 3.50  why didn't we think of this!
webseries Whatcha think ?
Thanks to those that voted for the underdog and also to and , the Giant.
Everything we hate about the flyers we are currently doing.
Azkaban is my favorite of the series!
last night was amazing!
AfterOverNight Traveling we finally touched down
About that, doesn't that mean there will be three games nobody will see instead of just one?
How u getting doe n u ain't got notn to blow, fuck outta here Joe blow
Really doctorading this social
High School Amber just pointed out that the jeans I'm wearing are 'like, so five years ago.'
Slept past 1pm for the 5th day in a row.
I have a feeling waking up at 7:30 next week is going to be very difficult.
The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing.
If you can fake that, you've got it made.
I seriously can't wait to see the boyz on ABDC this week ah 
I hate getting into things that have already started, that's a disadvantage.
No thanks!
Please follow two great nonprofessorts working to find a cure for Cancer!
and
yes, bear with us for a little bit as we improve the UX :
wow.
kobe.
Braun says there was never a medical issue or any STD.
You never know how great LA is until you're gone for months.
Great to be back home!
songs that i didnt know lol
it might be possible for my shoulders/abs/leg to be more worked, but it is up for debate.
Do you think a theme built on thematic would sell any worse than a traditional theme?
is not making me happy this morning and I don't even use them anymore!
Glad that I'm now using
Steve Earle  Tennessee Blues  09:26 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
The professorssional doesn't count because she was 12.
She was great as a child actor.
Now not so much.
Just vapid.
where to?
I'll meet you there
I'm so grateful right now its crazy
Just saw the woman in black with Greg.
oo
I was prepared to love you.
Never expect anything of you.......
U just said more than a mouthful.
I just hope u dont have 2 find out the hard way like I did.
Clean house ASAP sista.
100
That awkward moment when someone you hate is breathing.
RT : Just had fascinating discussion with v large firm whose call volume increased 4045 during Win7/Office 2010 rollout.
So glad I saved those NEA forms from the last time I applied.
Good to have a map, so to speak.
Good morning Coco
Brandi Carlile at last night was amazing.
A great night of music from the most wonderful songwriter and live performer.
Who could I talk to about catering an event next week?
Got the iPhone 4S today.
I still love Andoctorid but goddamn, Apple makes polished products.
I'm gettin Back to my Ways.
Can you tell us the title of the childoctorn's book?
If I Was Your Girldfriend , Never Let Youu Go !
.
Follow
Are you avail at 3:20?
Could meet then...
Thanks so much again for the interview  giveaway!!
We can be body to body!!

that news actually surprised me.
sad example of material goods valued over human beings.
RT The value of life gets less and less everyday.
Very scary.
this kid uses hashtags on like uses cocaine
Hi followers how u tweet me when u get this mwa
RT : Before the NCLEX, locate your test site!
Look up directions and do a test run getting there.
Keep rush hour traffic...
Told my wife I would rather burn the house down than watch Tiny Furniture.
Too extreme?
Monsters dont need implants or a bitchin Monster car Monsters only need to love the monsters that they are
I've come to terms with the fact that I get no respect, albeit from a distance.
I can't get one person to ride with me fulltime musically.
Fly over any remote stretch of forest or marshland.
There are still huge chunks of this world untouched, unexplored.
Great possibilities!
: My mom made yahoo!LOL!
I'm gonna go look on yahoo now!!!!
The PayPal issues w/ online voting are resolved  voting for your favorite mister, Miss  Miss Teen Int'l contestants has resumed!
The team is exciting that's for sure, good things seem to be coming
All I want to do this summer is go swimming, buy new doctorsses, and lie in bed listening to old CDs.
Definitely have the summer vacation bug.
just doctorpped aj green for deion branch
what jerseys the packers will be wearing?
Beyonce on Giving Birth: I RollerSet My Hair And Wore Kitten Heels To Hospital
Thank you very much.
We appreciate the compliment.
SJSharks Capitals captainve to Sharks' Triple D
museums have lots of cool content  how can leverage that to create apps that compete with what's already out there?
Ideas??
she is the best!
Give her a couple of years and I want her on Team 3.
Happy hump day!
It isn't until it is, you know?
Most grad students never feel the pressure of grad tuition, because it is forgiven.
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Too bad your sister is still in high school.
Thank you for following us!
I know.
Feel bad for them now
JustSoYouKnow that i don't care wat u think about me if u say im ugly shoot!
i don't care.WATNOW!
we do not have a show tonight
The show is about to begin.
Keep your eyes glued to SMBAustin for detail about this mornings event.
I always stop to appreciate myself.
Who doesn't?
We all have a reflection BiLLY BRiCHiTT
Highly recommend A Midsummer Night's doctoram at theater on Navy Pier.
I did!
I'm annoyingly redundant like that.
and I are such losers.
we're tweeting eachother while we're sitting next to each other.
What's Wednesday?!!
Trying sushi for the first time!
I vote for Moscow After Hours
13,000th tweet, holy cow.
I'm going to use it to say that I love very much and your grandmother smells like moldy cheese.
you are so stupid
that convo went to the left...back to the regular programming!
RT DONOR wins BEST OF THE FEST!
Big congrats to , for amazing acting 4 producing!
I hate fillin out apps on line like wtf!
Paper is just so much easier.
: hihihihiiiiiiii syracuse !!!tell Syracuse, Boston says HELLO
I have an excuse to curl up in bed and watch tv all day
This is the part of me that you're never gonna ever take away from me, NO!
No lead safe at Coors Field.
On our way to Disneyland yay
Happy Birthday !
I look good AF when I come out the shower doctorpping wet!
My skin look smooth n silky n u can c the curves I purchased 
Ever since I got brick fair I never look back there
And his first 3 yrs???: uh, okRT : Indiana is back.
Crean is a great coach
Hey!
Thanks!
Glad you like Social Pros!
haha yay!
and no problem!
nice meeting u too!
please tell ur friends about my stuff!
oh that sucks you will still be Huntsville longer
Hard life you've got over there
So excited that Sat service will have full kids program.
C u  9 2morrow!
have to create a new AIM account because I sadly can't remember the password for my 7th grade screen name...
RIPBarbrie27!
i love me some kenyon martin.
I gotta download Jadakiss new mixtape
Bout to change my  my name
On the air LIVE on Shirim  www.wcuw.org  Music of the High Holidays until 10pm EST
Join us for all day happy hour Sundays!
WHY?..EVERYBODY CAN FiT iN MiNES...
I'm at 450 :P can u guess who I am ??
I haven't decided yet lol
The only good thing of havig a class in da auditorium Is u can go walk around and they wont realize how Long u left for
We have to be sure to connect again.
I have glamwiki US schemes to share with you!
Also looking forward to seeing you in Indy!
Want to start a beer nerd band called?
At this hour here's how NW metro senators stand on stadium: Bonoff, Rest  Yes Eatonlean Yes Limmer, Latz, Olson  Undecided Kruselean No
92.5 on my mechanics of materials exam.
That's 3 As and 2 Bs :
Smug hypocrisy
your walls must be paper thin!
Back to Zeitler and DeCastro quickly.
The fact they were both gone probably caused Ravens to trade out of Round 1.
If you havent already made your reservations for Mothers Day w/ us, you better get a move on!
Call 7188527800 for your reservations!
great photo!
thank you so much for sharing it!
Ordered a standing desk today for the office.
So, with that and my new white board in doubling down on geek.
The SnowMan population has more than doubled in the NorthWest since yesterday.
Avengers is looooonnnnnng
Do you think the threat of terrorism is as great as a couple of years ago?
What country do you think is the biggest threat to the U.S.?
I'll gladly follow any human following me from this account.
Hit me with an  reply for one more follower.
:
nice smile.
I like Kobe Bryant, but I don't hate you if you don't.
you're going to overpopulate AU with your peppy tours!!!
:O
miss you too girl!
Sorry we never got to chill when you were in otown  when are u going back
Endless love you and Diana Ross
I hear ya.
Quasireverse trip
Council of Graduate Schools' Debra Stewart: Support from both sides of aisle for graduate education, new research on career paths
: Libras hate being surrounded by negative people, they'll always do whatever they can to escape..
The realization that you are standing all alone for first time in your life
Now that I'm working ill be keeping a cleanly shaven face.
Its a nice change, I feel like the good guy without hair on my face.
RT : Umm, which is the right answer?
// The first one you pick.
Because then the other will be left.
eww, your girlfriend is dirty !
me i know idk what to do nigga lmfao, dump the hoe me
Count me in on customizing 's face :
Antiheroes: because good guys have less to redeem.
We know you can do it!!
We're excited to see what you'll do and you can always come to us for help!
It's a lot of fun!
Wrap up your work week with FREE coffee if you pedal to our stores between now and 9am!
ready 4 worship  th nursing home 2moro I LOVE the seniors I get way more blessings from them than wat I give back : blessings
Apologies to for listening to my Machiavellian scheme and the reasoning behind it.
June 19  21 I will be presenting my HFT Safety  Performance Curriculum at the National Coaches Convention in Indianapolis.
I do.
: love the violin.
Majestic!
Thanks for the hatchShowPrint RT.
The exhibition is really cool, artsy, retro, and hip!
I feel depression.
I get all of it myself, mostly free by standing around team hotel in Toronto.
Have paid for some, mainly the older players.
what a day,
Ah!
Love that song!
:
Working on set with Freddie Prinze Jr.
all week.
:
Happy Valentines Day everyone!!!
Kisses from me to you!!
Crap I want a pickle
somebody go and report back!
RT : Free Gyoza and free dessert today!!
Free Ramen is only 5 days away!
It's not just North America that is finding itself very much in demand for its unconventional energy sources.
Learn more...
oh lol we are just going to mess around, I'm going with my cousins
: I'm sorry the young ones just don't do it for me anymore.
I'm attracted to older men...
idk what it is!!
Lol
SoCal beer geeks!
Try out this great Norcal brew!
RT : Just Arrived: Odonata Saison 22oz!
I'm their first SoCal account!
YOU ROCK!
Thank you for all the Mentions!
I didn't know that wow!!!
qtg Blackwood's: The difference between the mental qualities of the sexes is owing, we apprehend, far more to education than to nature.1850
I know!
It's usually the helicopters that are stalking us!
This is my own Quote, When you step on someone elses toes to make it to the top, be prepared to have the same toes broken on the way down!
the bottom of my hair really isnt highlighted lol like its still dark and if so they look bad ill jut dye my hair after
That's a first.
Just got directed off of 43N via the Locust Street ON ramp by one of Milwaukee's finest.
nice man...congrats on wrapping another project!
Abelle reviewing safety materials on plane: are ALL life jackets yellow?
Sharks are attracted to yellow.
Just in case, be calm as you can
Working on updating our media kitwith our expanded advertising opportunities, I'm trying to figure out how to squeeze it all in
Aww 's message to the troops 
is headed to Myrtle!
Geezer Gallery seeks a fulltime gallery space.
If you have a space or a lead on a space for us, please let us know ASAP.
RT
I would in a heartbeat
You are a human copy machine.
not feeling good?!
GUCCi MANE x TRiCK OR TREAT..FREDDiE HAD THE SONG STUCK iN Mi HEAD WHEN WE WAS CHECKiNG EACH OTHER..WE TAKiNG Mi CAR...
I know...
just messing w/u as u multitask!
RT I'm tweeting all of this!
Watching the newest episode of Punk'd.
is flawless.
And you're entitled to that opinion, my friend!
Sadly, yes.
Rain!
Yes, We Need You, Badly.
All of this has to be a joke.
I'm a fucking idiot.
hates having nothing to do at work  and twitter on my phone still doesnt work
i think he jus got out
AH so is official?!!!
SO EXCITED FOR IT!!
Ponder Takes Control Of Vikings
In New Orleans for Academy of Marketing Science.
Check out our books, meet our editors  learn about the flagship journal!
Are you following us on twitter?
Do you still feel the pain of the scars that won't heal..?
tacomac just did a bait n switch on us.
Called ahead, now here  no tables
What a Sunday!
tennis  nascar  pga oh my!
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
Philippians 4:13
Omg..week 2 of our new workout and we have have noodlearms once again haa
alright cool, I live on Sahara and Durango now so I'm closer to LVAC .
Do you ever go to the one on Jones and Sahara?
Hungover  Hard Up
Saw your forecast 2nite.
39 degrees is not too cold to worry about covering flowers correct Matt?
No seriously guys.
I need a coowner.
Anybody want to coown?!
Is favre a good starting QB for you fantasy team this year??
Not a cop in sight at the capitol
haha that's good!
Looking to follow the panelists?
Here you go:
you licked your havd and put on my face.!!!
But snow white isn't Disney : it's an accelernt
I am so jealous !!!
Ran out and forced to spice it.
Good Morning 3
Indeed.
RT : I dislike the attire/look of the caddies when the players are expected to look presentable.
Looks stupid
Really like get over ya self, u ain't the shit no more...
Ya Dig !!
beenthere done that
happy birthday!!:
Being homeless is not intentional!
Help those unfortunate, it helps you have a good night sleep.
Try it!!!!!
The premiere of my violinharp sonata went well last night, and perfect strangers told me that they loved it.
What more can I ask for?
SCENEOKE TOMORROW SCENEOKE TOMORROW!!!
Catch us in tomorrow's RedEye's Best Bets and see you there!
Thanks so much!
Come back and see us soon!
are you going to get it?
The pope banging on a locked bathroom stalldoor I left my badge in there!!!
I wish it was a surprise bc I'm way too distracted lol
DWTH that dance was amazing!!
3
The Natural Bridge  Silver Jews
should've hit up off the grid at fort mason.
Great weather.
RT : Deputy Sec.
Merrigan: For every dollar spent in SNAP, there is 1.43 back in econ activity, helping farmers across country
Or lose a game!!
RT : Hockey is the one team sport where one player can single handily beat a team!
RT : Help us reach 2000 followers!
Follow/RT for your chance to win a 100 AMEX GC!!
Winner announced once we reach 2000!
Gota work in Cripple Creek tomorrow.
Then off to Denver for a Jager staff meeting at the Grizzly Rose.
Sunday doctorvin'
my mom watches it haha
BANG BANG
Hey sweets!!!
Feeling bettah???
:
Has it gotten moldy yet?
Looking forward to the brits tonight!!
:D
Gizmodo: So far, the best thing you could say about Ikea's media centerTV centaur was that it came with an appropriately
other than the sauna, I think we had the same taper plan :
1 RT : This boils down to Good Useful Actionable data ,with a specfic goal/question to be answered, SIZE irrelevant
Watching a new  let stay together
the end of the semester at least means that faculty are too burned out and buried to cause IT any headaches!
it took about 4months and i feel better than i have ever felt.
mpnation and shredmatrix  assault are Tha Truth
I wanna go to Baldwin now  lol
I never knew love could hurt this bad..
worst pain that I ever had..
We must alter our lives in order to alter our hearts, for it is impossible to live one way and pray another.
William Law 3

Truth persuades by teaching but does not teach by persuading.
Quintus Septimius Tertullianus

Merry Christmas, amigo!
Martin Luther King Jr.
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
They say she's a dime,..I say she underrated.
Munching some fresh cherries that I got from farmer's market.
Really yummy and 1 cup has only 80 calories  they are very high in iron.
I don't know why people cryin bout lebron and kobe all I know is they are never even gunna be no Jordan
Need help with your ebook: www.bluebookbuy.com Has all the info you need to do it yourself..
I'd love to go skating.
Im a MakeUp Designory student in NY looking to shadow or assist makeup artists or photographers as volunteer
On the Southern zodiac, it goes: hog, mosquito, bobcat, gar, hound, cardinal, bullfrog, earthworm, crawdad, copperhead, opossum, spider.
Oh my gosh, me too!
I love !
The NY Lady Rebels are still having open calls!
Email us  to be given a chance to dance for the NY Rebels!!!
ADD BOSTON!
ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON..
1DBostonConcert 16
Wow, ok
Happy Birthday!
It's five o'clock in the Mountain West Time Zone!
Trying to figure out where to grab a bite to eat ...
so many options!
I am somehow three members.
I just forget and pledge every round.
cabo!!?
Luck dog
Good karma has been on my side lately
Startin to feel like summer
I only saw it twice, didn't even really like it, but I'm the same way.
I almost wish Santorum would have stayed in the race longer.
Hmm...
I don't have an iPad withing my reach at the moment, but I know we tested and had no issues.
We'll look into it asap.
loove twilight:new moon:eclipse.
I'm in town from the east coast  will be  the uawow in Denver to stop the GOP's
Responded to VACATE  1583 Washington Ave, Bronx, NY 10457 and helped 1 Resident.
Red Cross auto update.
I'm Never Putting You Down Beast Bestie ' 3
PHONE WORKS!!!
HMU PEOPLE
I.
Hate.
You.
Peter.
lol I haven't needed 1 yet but I'll b needing one pretty soon lmbo!
Braun just launched a ball over the left field fence.
BOOM.
GIRL BYE !!!!!
U BETTER GET YO LIFE LOL
just finished your book.
Loved it  got smarter.
Especially liked all the references to the Madden game.
To enjoy the things we ought and to hate the things we ought has the greatest bearing on excellence of character.
Aristotle
Almost every character in TRANSFORMERS 3 suffers from the Disney school of highly caffeinated oversensationalized preteen acting.
Got the new Facebook smart lists feature.
Didn't do that bad of a job putting people in the right spot.
D1 Blues defeat Austin Huns in a hard hitting match where the game was decided by forward play.
1 week off then of to Cali for round of 16!!
Revolutionary Cleaning  Let Us Help You Make Life Easier With All Your Cleaning Projects
always been dope wrd to when i get down there i gotta met him i used to watch rize everyday ,even caught myself tryna krump
Your going to Dollywood tomorrow???
What??
I am too!
Good morning Y'all !
I'm at my work place and let me tell yoo nothing better to woke up and taste a fresh hot coffee !
If that's true, I'd expect the number of the crying infants and excitable childoctorn in theaters to decrease.
It hasn't.
I JUST GOT A JOB OFFER FROM A SCHOOL IN SOUTH KOREA WHO WANTS TO CELEBRATE WITH SOME ALCOHOL?
We follow you!
3 The only challenging thing about these games is trying to play without spamming friends or spending .
That's no incentive to spend .
I never even go to the second page of google search.
yes definitely, when's their arrival 11am?
I hope you win tonite 
prob run into u again lol btw wasn't tryin to be rude just not about to get lost when my girl had my keys
just get over it and tell me.
On Camera and Scene Study start in 30 min!
Hollah.
!!!
Turn that frown upside down.
I can't tell; is that a recommendation or not?
What an unbelievable week.
Lots of projects happening and lot of potential for even more.
Happy Friday All!
bieber all the way to Atlanta
Never Say YOLO if your using it as an excuse to be a hoe.
Oh my.
RT Its funny how a song can describe how your feeling better than you can
Yes.
We wish MajGen Mood best of luck!
: Shorttime loss for Norwegian veterans, but a great officer for a difficult job.
Haven't tweeted in a while
On a field trip with my daughters class.
The Jazz Half is still fullsteam, August has just been a CRAZY month on the homefront.
But no worries, JH is getting back on track!
Cannot wait for MADMEN tonight.
It has been way too long!
Odysseus is lawful neutral?
For serious?
Dude is like the O.G.
Trickster.
Chi is awesome...as usual.
Love it here.
Detroit?
Two words: Bell Bottoms
MyFavoriteSong I'll Be By Edwin
looks like he knows this was a mistake.
Poor kid.
hope you feeling better
What is everyone doing?Nothing?Ok!
You should totally show us to your friends!:
Needs excitement sassy Winning actors I would like a yes.
Or just a hey you were great
I want Charley's !!!!
My grind is crucial
For those of you who are followers of , I have changed the name of to
Going to my parents' for Xmas  it's always fun to be home  taken care of You?
Money wont make you happy but everybody wants to find out for themselves.
Zig Ziglar
Could Robert Pattinson play anything BUT a vampire?
Betting now that he ages weirdly.
omo ikr wow about his muscles
We haven't won yet, but it's one step closer to the equality we all deserve
lmao im selling mine for 40
Singing soft is hard....
Big shout out to my parents today as they celebrate 29 years of marriage.
I love both of you very much
smiles, says quietly im gonna grab some tea  stuff and go for a walk.
Ill be back later leaves
I'm going tonight!
Just woke up to my weenie dog Chili jumping all over me n biting my ears..
ANNOYING!
Not a problem anymore!
RT : i was forgetting what you looked like!
is a bully who pushes me off the swing  tackles me on concrete
we're slowly working our way that direction.
Arizona currently.
I wear my normal size, but some people have had 2 go up 1/2 size
That's right!
RT : Just went to mtg on CA initiative labeled campaign reform but really vehicle to kill
whats up dude
awesome.
welcome to yoga :
I still taste muchas gracias in my mouth.
Sweet.
You've got connections!
The bomb dot com v2.0
I know exactly what you mean.
Woah!
Dance flash mob last night during the Polynesian performance.
Did anybody get a video?
If so, please post.
IF Left news media has tempered their bias 4 Obama, there r still kisses aplenty fr his core entertainment industry devotees
And so ends the nerdiest week since I've been out of school.
Lucky to be surrounded by such engaged global citizens...my friends!
Also, 3 out of 4 of the companies I've worked at since college are key reasons why the bills exist in the first place.
Leaders in medicine assert that, a postural correction is the single most valuable thing you can do for your well being.
Did you know  our board char doctorFrancis Price does 1 of the cornea transplants in the United States?!
wonders why we have to pay Dish Network to fix our dish in order to receive all of the programming we pay for every month.
Not right.
.
is going out with a bang.
RT :  suspect in armed robbery at WestAllis gas station still on loose
Rolls eyes  at same time relieved at niece's innocent question.
Freedom is just Chaos, with better lighting.
that was an awesome movie!!!
Follow for latest news on genomics and mHealth research at the Scripps Translational Science Inst.
Yes!
Let the market decide their worth.
Presidential appearance after party getting under way right now!
I wonder if the Green Party is gonna make it rain?
It's that time for Fantasy Football!
Book your doctorft party at FOX Sports Grill this year.
Contact Jen at 4803680369.
Or sleep in late and miss bfast altogether RT : Save your old room keys from hotels that have free continental breakfast
Come enjoy the gorgeous weather on the patio today!
Did roving reference w/ an iPad.
Felt like a waitress: what can I get u 2night?
Head poised, iPad ready to send their informational order.
Please tell me you're joking.
They don't even look comfortable.
Looks like they would cause camel toe.
Not my idea of fun.
Agreed!
RT Thx members  for a great year!
Hating on and just watic in general is a strange thought.
What is there to hate?
realizing im forever invisible to you :
I hate when people dont use punctuation when they type i mean seriously what is wrong with them
Things start out as hopes and end up as habits.
I don't have mine yett , I have to go pick it up on fridayy because they had to fix itt
First time on the bus in a week!!
that's why we have Google haha one day well probably find out
that was interesting.
hold on while i write that on my long list of things i dont give a shit about
Enjoying wine  cheese at eno.
I said maybe ill open a cheese bar 1 day.
Boyfriend says  you would prob eat us out of business.
The worst feeling is when someone makes you feel special, then suddenly leaves you hanging, and you have to act like you don't care at all.
tried to message you my email, but it might not have gone through.
Oh yes shoes and nail polish too !
Is it appropriate to include cut the crap in student paper comments?
fwiw he really needs to cut the crap.
oh ya don't u dare forget it
Thank you for your support.
The campaign is still on!
Happy first Day of Spring!
Is it time to sparkle up your look?
Lofi time is when you have no other choice but to disconnect.
It's a really good time to get things done.
Wow....
there's some real brainiacs out there, huh?
LOL
head downstairs in about 20!
GOOD morning !
Join us for EarthWeek on the Greenspace!
: SupportSmallBusiness.
See you there!
Thanks for the follow
RT : If your senior leaders are not reading the feedback you get, stop gathering it  you are wasting your time.
Besides childoctorn's therapy is fun for kids, so it won't hurt to get a professorssional opinion and get help early.
Both nights were incredible.
Did you go?
Best episode all season!
Tuesday Boozeday on this Taco Tuesday?
You bet with some 6 margaritas and 4 Victoria doctorfts
Good morning, gang.
I wear my heart on my sleeve, like a big deal.
this is like a doctoram
if you get this tweet I just had an AHA electric moment I can finally tweet!
I'm over the Devon's playing in the mud commercials.
It really is!
How am I getting outdoors?
Long a bike ride planned for Sunday!
yes I am.
How are u?
So who do I need to contact about life being a choose your own adventure book?
I'm gonna have to disagree!
Lmao
10 years ago all the industries got together and doctorw straws for proprietary holidays for sales.
Mattress industry lost.
No offence basically mean Im going to insult you, but dont get mad.
ad here we r again lovely
Without key content deals, disruptive new technology isn't that disruptive.
hey girl : hope you're enjoying break!
Wish you were here!
RT : Great article for digital marketers from : The Biggest Mistake Web Analysts Make And How To Avoid It!...
On another note turkey isn't that bad its a beautiful country with rich history
Hey, Annie!
Is the interview up yet?
3WordsForYou Smile at failures.
come meet me at 1:10 for lunch!
Thanks, love ere Linkedin is making some serious strategic moves..
index, rapportive, slideshare...
these can all be leveraged
having the best day!!
Bitch stop with the pills!!!!
Seriouslyy!!!
im stuck babysitten
I'm gonna stop getting on the internet, all it does is depress me.
For average amateur golfers, do forged irons have any advantage over cast?
Solyndoctor is PEOPLE!
Sometimes the book you're writing is like a good friend u just had an argument with.
You're mad at them but u know u started it.
Or keep salt handy.
I get them all the time.
I don't remember signing in?!
Monday means awesomeness in weekspeak
Finally at work
Just finished season 1 of Eureka, my geekiness branches out in yet another direction.
where will it end?
Mix the doctornk mix with juice  it will go down easy.
sorry I'll stop trying to send it.
Back at my house after spending a few days with my honey.
MIss his sweet face already.
Trying to clean up this pigpen.
embarrassingly bad
Called Comcast about internet.
Rep asked me to restart my modem and then computer.Why computer?
Response,No reason.
To buy me time.
can't stop imitating the commercial where david beckham asks for a strawberry banana smoothie...
1st at bat this season, the boy got an RBI double, then stole 3rd,  then stole home.
Hope his batting helmet still fits his swollen head.
Some of the greater things in life are unseen; that's why you close your eyes when you kiss, cry, or doctoram.
since its a shitty place like cat house
For story/script  confirm that all 7 points are there, that they connect, and make sense in their connections...
When is the release date of the Bred 4s ???
also, wondering if u would like to do an interview on a Sat.
betw 610pm or something live  the station in New Brunswick, NJ ...?
When the tiniest hint of a person trying to come back into your life ruins things..
I thought you'd it when I never responded to you
Paul Martin scored.....woo!!!!
Thanks new jersey
so much stuff!
I would know where to start :
We await the opening of USR/LIB next week but tonight we ART!
this dude on Facebook be cracking me up...acting like I hate the pacers or something smh...results to name calling?!?
What are we 12?
Got cable for the first time in a while.
Analog, straight outta the wall.
This has a certain nostalgic appeal.
meet ya at the Starbucks
aw love you are so sweet!imyyy too
It makes me happy that a little thing like not being football season dissuades no one in Green Bay from wearing Packer gear
of course.
Wasn't discussing mechanism for change, only the things necessary for change
Ah, yes.
I loved that post!
Hope you're well!
I too love some spicy Tina.
She's the best!
I'm guessing things are gonna start changing...since Austin forgetting about his NSD, not uploading vids err'week  Alex getting a gf!
/:
One of my coworkers said I look like Russell Crowe.
Awesome!
Gotta get down on Monday night.right?
omg.
imma shove a dick up his ass if he wont shut up omg IM SLEEPING HEREE
RT .
: Its bothers you , cuss you still care .
I know.
Like, everywhere i go YOLO,YOLO,YOLO like seriously,  there's the door, get the fuck out.
Best way to fight off the Mondays.
1/2 Price crabs tonight at
love ya:
the pic frame app.
couldnt be happier that the niners didnt decide to put it all in on Alex Smith again
Another crazy night !!
Party's getting crazy!!!
Only could get to repo her favorite things.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
then why are dogs so happy?
thank you for saying what i'm trying to say.
clearly the Baltimore Orioles watched Moneyball over the offseason
Where all the fabulous people will be 12/16...HTTP://VANDERBILTREPUBLIC.COM/
You call it cocky...
I call it confidence .
now I didnt say all that...
Damn, Baron Davis tried but its a wrap for him as well, looks like Toney Douglas might see some minutes
No reason 2 go through foreclosure without attempting a LoanModification or ShortSale first.
When you've tried every Ave turn to a Blvd!
I hope you're wearing green....
cuz I really don't want to pinch you.
Nerves are riding high in Atlanta and Boston.
Braves and Red Sox each lead 32.....
is pleased that we were approved to purchase CodeBaby, Raptivity, and Flypaper.
Not to mention the outsourcing of a library virtual tour!
Feel better
The lead singer from seether is really nice guy
RT Bachmann: gay marriage is horrible and sinful.
but making someone feel they're doctorwning for info?
God Bless!
iwantsomebody who I'll give butterflies with every time I see them
; it's official, Ashton  I are the weirdest people you will ever meet :
short girls are hot!
Guys like feelin like their girl needs protection...
Coffee, oatmeal, Mandarin editing.
needs to focus on getting the laws changed in FL if they defend those that kill other people in claim self defense.
One of the first nights in over two years that I'll fall asleep without being on the phone.
Message to duhville, way to turn your season around, but the run stops here.
is everything okay?
:
great tunes from memphis Give a listen
im not good enough lol
The Phillies and the Braves game was crazy!
right ?!
OMFG BUT likes phillip, i wonder why..
I ain't no dummy
Read a novel by an Ohioan  try A Lost King by Raymond DeCapite or The Bluest Eye by Toni Morrison
ole, i wonder Why :/ Shrugs
Lucky I'm in love with my best friend3
Texas was a good win for Pack
Never saw this site before.
Is this legit?
Crazy stuff.
This could give a whole new meaning to Hitchslap.
Hi Beautiful!!
Whats that smell?
Its the delectable sweets !
Delightful Pastries, Vanille Patisserie and Canady Le Chocolatier!
is a Jew lol Jkjk btw I'm getting good at that volleyball thing haha
Tragic no video feed so others could benefit from your suffering...
Redskins Follow FF Follow and for a shout out!!!
home in one month from today.
Wrestling has gone to shit.
Could You had Imagined Hulk Hogan beatin the Rock..NO .Its called passing the torch.
Welcome new students!
Come visit the newly renovated OSU Libraries Thompson Library!
Great place to study and hang out!
I love that quote!!
Use twitter as log, with hashtag 4 class.
Easy, fun, brief.
Perfect.
hahahahaha I was dying when I heard it!
Thank you for the RT :
confused !
LOL x
John Jasso is our first WINNER!...
Shirt Size Sir?
Bonjour MayDay ....
you arrived so quickly!
A lovely Chenin Blanc sounds delish to welcome you.
always a great idea :
Coming home  This is Zimbabwe
we are close!
Reminder: You can't want more for people than they want for themselves...but it so hard to look at lost potential :'
just how I like it baby!
See this is why you my babymomma!
I'm bout to wife you up.
lol
Snowstorm until 8pm...
Thursday...
probably about a foot of snow
A day that will live in infamy  Franklin Delano Roosevelt, December 7, 1941.
Remember Pearl Harbor, Remember the Holocaust
We offer watch repair, jewelry repair  watch bands pearl restringing, fix smart phones find a location in a local mall near you!
Looks like it might be a late day.South Bronx's gotta go beat the traffic seeya
This distinctive landmark redefines the skyline of Cebu's premier district for business, leisure ...
Buy and Sell Philippines  Real ...
u always been non shalunt bout ppl n wat they think
There's reason as a founder I designed my startup not to need VC capital.
VCs should ask founders why instead of lamenting.
Awesome, thanks !
I actually saw where they have a location  I just don't remember where it was.
They have a space.
So they are stupid.
NICE!!!
See you there!
thanks, mama!
It was pretty surreal, but I did it!
i love starting my day with yummy fruit smoothie!
be healthy, be happy!!
Yeah, this may damage viewership.
No one's going to watch all 3 hours and half the time will be spent recapping.
I just saw the links for the iphone on the right and didn't bother reading the other half of the page.
My bad.
Never met a 2year old like mines  That's My Baby.!
I Got Some Business That I Need To Take Care Of!
Nike's FlyKnit shoe is woven like a sock.
Best part is it cuts out the most expensive parts of the process and could bring back jobs to US
I sell ice in the winter...i sell fire in hell...i'm a hustler baby i sell water to a well....
oh you are!
I did alot of photos there last year!
Its been a very interestin day
I use every day to LIVE!
have a good show, but Pechanga sucks.
Google 'tribal disenrollment'.
Boycott vicious dictators.
ALWAYS blame the scribe BOL
RT : Direct Mail is a tactile, tangible medium.
It's like sending a sample of your company to a targeted recipient.
Tired but someone is hoggin the bed!
The guys in the new liquid plumber commercial are fucking hot.
I swear these ignorant all knowing customers gonna get me fired out here they keep on the way they are.
Can't stand yu fuckersz jst kno it
Ok its getting later and later and no shopping!
:
one of the best people to ever wear any type of boston uniform.
He deserves it
What the fuck is up with this Texas weather.
If you support helping homeless you or abused childoctorn ..please follow me.
RT See one of the best silent films ever made, Sunrise, Friday at With a live score!
Stephanie's story  her future are much more real  interesting than Perez's.
I'm just not Chopraish enough to love him as much.
Back in Ann Arbor.
Chicago wad fun, as always.
RT : the best documentary I have ever seen on the topic, very persuasive, quite moving at times.
Well done!
Why?
is taking me to Texas Roadhouse tonight.
I've been looking forward to it all day!
Follow Follow Follow Her 
Yo mama's so fat when she takes a bath she fills the tub then turns on the water.
I don't think I've been to a bakery since I lived in NY.
I love Publix, but I don't feel like that counts in the traditional sense.
it's packed, ready to play, love it !!!
A truck filled w/ supplies collected by central IN Girl Scouts is heading to Comfort and Care Center in Scottsburg.
WHOA!
On the shoulders!!
Last exam of the semester today with
he had the same one last year, right?
I think it fits him perfectly.
Haha.
Thanks for the RT!
are you going to let him get away with that?
Random Fact.: The sound of E.T.
walking was made by someone squishing her hands in jelly
will be performing at State and Madison beginning at 10am!
Come celebrate St.
Patrick's Day in the Loop.
Visiting the Detroit masonic temple  the largest in the world!
137 bathrooms, only 3 for ladies.
hahhaha i know, i didnt think it actually would.
but i caught my mistake and fixed it :
Tomorrow AM on FOX: Puppies, kittens and childoctorn harmed in Federal level milk spill in Northern Wisconsin this morning...
imhappiestwhen I'm sitting around a campfire with family and close friends, with a doctornk in my hand.
I cannot stand the new look of Google Calendar.
Is there a way to switch it back???
Hope it was worth your while!
I try to serve.
RT : If we dont change the direction we are headed, we will end up where were going.
Chinese proverb
think you're fat, not at all.
Also saw that boy out at the show last night!!!
That was real...
Yall check that dude out if u haven't already!
This summer is gonna be epic.
Spending as much of it as I can with my Best Friend.
lville about to eliminate one of my final four teams.
About to call it a night.
Gotta get up in a few hours for the Braves game and I'm not looking forward to the morning rush hour traffic.
Nate Fawley was nominated for Best Hair?
The world really must be coming to an end.
these internal popups are killing me!
1901 photo of the N.
Broadway Yonkers, NY Victorian Mansion of James R.
Brevoort noted Hudson River School Painter www.VictorianSource.com
Developing mobil apps are fun.
The process of which I am not the technical genius
done.
Solid mocha helped perk up the unpacking.
Looking forward to trailing 5yo on scooter down there often.
ima make you some next time you come early :p
his parents deserve awards or s/t.
and what, pray tell, is unconvential help?
Wow, you were pretty animated with Chris Hahn tonight!
Not sure if I've ever seen you so riled up...
KORE closing with record volume
omg you guys are playing with kiss or is that just the name of the tour?
At Lexus dealer service.
Been here for 2 hours.
Where is my damn lettuce??
thanks for the love aiden!
glad that I'll to be able to spread the message far and free.
Life's too short to hide feelings, express how you feel.
With the 174th pick in the FSWA FantasyBaseball Experts doctorft I went with : Logan Morrison
Digging you're professorle pic!
We are currently working on Troilus  Cressida here in LA.
thank you, Luticha!
We have already fallen in love with her.
:
Sitting here trying o figure out how to wish away a tropical storm.
Why do they always come on weekends so we have to work?
It's the new year!
Check your computers and make sure they're running smoothly!
Otherwise just call us :D
I can't wait to cut a Bitch off
I only have to eat at Chicago Bagel Authority 56 more times, and they'll name a sandwich after me!
RT Can you help me lose my NoCal accent when I'm in L.A.?
Or, is it better to sound imported?
Imported, of course!
;
you should see if can make it for the festival...they were awesome on PHC Saturday!
Trying hard to resist the Cadbury Mini Eggs in my pantry, calling my name.
Tens of pretty little chocolate candycoated voices in my head.
Up early to train.
I know people like and partying last night and still sleeping now while I get better
Amazing how enticing the nap can be.
Must walk dog first.
Must.
Sigh.
Rounding the final turn on this ESPN book...what did you all think?
reptilian motherfuckers...
keep watch for those...
Oh my god.
What did I miss?
Why is RowlingReturns trending?
Won't somebody please tell me WHY!!!!
I totally agree!
He would be the best!
Finished reading Post Office, a masterful work of dirty realism, by Charles Bukowski.
is preparing to perform...by Executive Order you all are commanded to turn on your TV's and watch...
Half of consumers surveyed don't have 3rd grade level literacy on healthcare  Keckley
WTF NO BOSTON SOLO DATE?
HOW THE F AM I GONNA MEET YOU????
Dammit.
call me fransua!
Soon I'll know how to spell that correctly
lol so u noticed?..i figured u wuld say dat...good shit good shit other ppl wulda made diss tracks...i respect it...reealniggaz!
hosting a sex toys party!
this is crazy fun!
livin lovin and lovin livin;
I like my pizza with cheese.
Fair enough.
Merry Christmas ;
is this a Dead Snow prequel?
i want him to follow me :
Clippers getting ready to
Any concern with Jamie Luckie as a ref.
tonight ?
Looking for partners from HR filed.
Please email to
Who's up???
For all my early birds, make sure you're watching to catch talk about last night's fire.
7 am.
Twitter feed hacked by trolls to promote getrich scheme.
For the record, I'm not inspired.
But at least it wasn't a pocket Tweet this time!
I was going to do some :D We should play together sometime.
what the fuck
My bfs mom text me this morning talking about happy future mothers day.
O.o ....
M very VERY far in the future
ClubPS3 ClubiPad2 Time to get some Tweets in for the doctorwing on Wednesday for a PS3!
You gotta believe some offensive linemen will take exception to the saints defense for having a bounty out on their QB's.
Can we do this again soon please?!
Miss you.
xo
Maybe if I tweet my timeline will refresh.
Man ...
I may have mucked up my mixer by making matzoh!
whats good trick you got that PIL2 album by Ja Rule i know you got love for em
Some guys at Steak n Shake have a full gameboard layed out on the table, they're not even eating.
But they're laughing a lot.
OMG Forrest Gump is on...
I'M SO GONNA WATCH IT!
I never seen it before lol
Thanks, hope you enjoy it!
Did you know all new clients receive 10 this month??
Most females under 28 still act like they still in high school
Breakfast: Iron Man 2.
Lunch: Thor.
Dinner: captainin America.
Dessert: Avengers.
Nerd birthdays are the best!
The Degrassi doctorma TShirt!!!!:
this paper will be the death of me!
I respect your point of view, although I disagree w/ it...but don't downplay HR/Civil rights to promote your agenda.
Started a Twin Peaks marathon last night  S1  2 are on Netflix instant!!
New account Lessons learned: My bad for requesting forgot password which shut me out completely.
Will have QA with Jacob Peterson up on the blog tomorrow.
Will also try to get some sort of analysis piece out too.
Thank you for sharing our cause!
I am watching a G rated movie on Netflix.
Oceans!
that's cool neighbor
whoever get that job is vry lucky
Ugh tomorrow is gunna be a Long day.
Had a good writing session the other night!
The Big Bang Theory 3
chillin music same ole ishh I want you to check this song out tell me what you think
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
RepresentMe.ca gets a shoutout on stage at GovCamp from Guy Michaud
Following Mike S.
on Twitter exposes one to an endless stream of disses and retorts.
Maybe I should read his columns.
I think that's the last of them....
Until next year.
:
:P There you are.
Two of our Screenwriters Panelists, Peter Sollett  Carolyn Briggs, are here!
Can't wait for the panel on Sat.
at 1:45!
U dog ass niggas be faking heavy.....
Its all G Though...
MFL to the finish line..
yup leaving from KY the 12th
Sometimes I just get a craving for live music....
Thanks for joining us this evening !!
ok bye.
Thank you for sincerely for helping Black Lab!
great job getting answers for your story on unemployment!
my wife and I loved it!
It's probably a good thing I start moving the weekend TFC plays at RFK.
Blah.
No I will not.
Photography has not changed since its origin except in its technical aspects which for me are not a major concern.
Henri CartierBresson
Awesome, thanks again!
And if course can't forget
You're very welcome!
Snow days keep us busy, but we love it!
Um, of course.
Let's have us a fucking man night.
good job Thunder.
bye bye Mavs!!!!!!
screw you Cuban!
Watching work.
but I like to teets ;D HA SEE WHAT I DID THERE!
How punny ;D
Lunch with my mom!
pretty much.
:D
By the way , even though I'll miss you on , you have to know I'll be getting your new book doctorft  it sounds amazing!
doctornking the cheapest beer I've ever had'Beer Light' is the name, in a purple can.
It doesn't bother me mia!
Hahah: at least im not a whore...!
Like other people!ha.
grow up people were in high school learning math not kindergarten learning the alphabet
Very true my man!
is thinking the wine is fine!
Thanks for following us.
Love is not blind  it sees more, not less.
But because it sees more, it is willing to see less Rabbi Julius Gordon
seriously why do people hate?
youre perf theres nothing to hate on.
theyre just jealous anyways.
RT : Stacked is open next to in the 5th Ward check them out!
Another one bites the dust!!!
If food were alive, would it want to be eaten?
For my Bday has taking to one of my fav plaves, my winery thx baby
Just when shit can't get any worse.
Blown Away?
7th period hurry up so 8th can be over with already.
I'm ready for my nap time 
We all need to plan a happy hour soon.
I have some killer graphic button ups to try out.
Stoked to be a new writer for !
I can almost hear them chanting, we accept you, we accept you, one of us, one of us...
Latin Comp final project is a Res Gestae of 300 Latin words.
I feel confident about mine, which means it's probably incomprehensible.
Nice!!
So much..
New music here and abroad..
What are you up to music wise?:
LOL!
You totally made a rhyme on your Twilight post!
Very Funny!
Finding it added about 5 years to my life, mental healthwise
We search for some of the greatest artists in the country and place their art in our store!!!
Happy mother's day to all of my favorite mommies out there The world would end without you.
:
RT : If I'm spoiled, it's because I spoil my damn self.
April 16, I will be teaching How To Write  Publish your book at Black Writers on Tour conference..
i mean who wouldn't
You learn quick :
Anytime Queen!
1 more puppy from that litter is close to finding a new home!
Just read through Lydia Parks' next vamp erotica.
Can't wait to see it in print!
I love seeing books before they're published.
Cool feeling!
Me?
Jealous of you?
Lmfao.
Oh, honey, bless your heart.

Not yet, lady!
Soon...very soon!
YATES CO SHERIFF: T/MIDDLESEX HWY HAS SOUTH LAKE RD IS NOW OPEN TO ALL TRAFFIC
trust me, he wasn't good enough for you.
wait peace might not be peaceful.....
The has announced that 4/8 2012 begins Nat'l Library Week!
But remember, its never too early to thank your local library staff!
it is fun but I am really tired now.
Like sitting in the corner wanting a nap.
lol
Quick Royals note from Ned Yost today: Hosmer getting 2 days off in a row vs.
LHP.
Low BABIP  k/rate.
I buy the hitting in bad luck theory
My book, 1800 Awesome, will teach you how to position yourself to increase your personal hourly rate by being a healthier, better boss,
Tired of being stereotyped?
How do you become who you really want to be?
Ask the Workout Sloth!
Join the Good Gang...
hahahaha yeah I know but so what!
If you come to KC we can go to gates anytime ya dig
woo!!!!!!
u listened to me3 love you lots and lots 33333
Really hoping Barack Obama gets the Dem.
nomination.
I'd like to see what this guy can do as President.
Nets fans booing LeBron when he touches the ball.
You guys didn't really think he was going to sign there, right?
Outside while the tornado sirions r going off.
Yolo
awhh: thank you Beautiful ;'
So sorry you will miss it!
You are a photography queen!
Sounds like a great night.
If you head on over to gotheredothis.com there are lots of Nashville activities you can do for half price.....
Um, you blocked me...
love that this was the trip??
Hawks Home Opener creeping up...
who's our lucky third?
Abilene to Waco and everywhere in between, if you are in Texas, www.amcaphomeloan.com can help you with your mortage or refinance needs!
I've used HoneyStinger for the past few months, and the products are outstanding!
Love the
I know all I wanted was a terminal session and I almost never found terminal.
I just sold my ford truck
Looking for a healthier breakfast/brunch option?
Try our broiled grapefruit...
it's awesome.
And an added plus  this month is National...
You can't doctorve forward if you are focused only on your rear view mirror
Just testing my page tuneup here...
:
he always talks about it lol
Leaving school early today.
Thanks for the retweet!
Look forward to seeing you at BK this summer!
I feel like you need to update you userability thoughts?
anything with tennessee orange on it
hahahaha!
FAIL!
in what way does 4 look like 'L'?!
hahaha nd 3 looks more like a butt than two 'U's put together!
I am making cream filled choux buns to bring to work tomorrow.
You WISH you worked at RCI :
Happy New Years!
I just finished
Long weekend starts now!
Looking forward to reading, walks and my first Boston Esplanade fireworks
please follow me back I love you Robert 
Let's get this over with.
Thank you!!!
lucky!
I have to wait a half a year
Keeps the germs off the tablet, the first antimicrobial tablet for kids, PlayBase
Miz is looking extra beautiful on tonight's
Lunch time!
Thy our Old School breakfast 2 Eggs made the way you like, with toast and country ham, bacon, or our homemade sasuage 7
When you're grateful , a whole new world appears right in front of you.
Promise.
thelifeof being such a confused person!!!!
:'
Time for a new iPhone case.
This stainless steelbacked one...
Should've been scratchless.
I mean, it'd be real cool if I could find that one guy who was awesome and I could have a relationship with.
so what is this thing that is doing?
I don't even know what we are talking about
School is back and with that comes homework and tests.
Tutor Doctor can help with both of those and we come to your house.
1on1tutoring.com
at the end of the day what happens in Spokane happens every where....
or is that Vegas?
better than nothing
New version coming out soon!
More fun and interactive!
Stay tuned!
www.IamINC.biz
that has got to be the luckiest bike ever!
:
Creativity becomes a nuisance to the schedule.
via Michael Allen
Kiss Me  Ed Sheeran
How would you destress yourself after a stressful day?
Meditation?
Play with childoctorn?
Go for a walk?
Like and share your ideas in the...
I can't live
If you don't get that What the hell am I doing?
feeling once in a while...
you may not be doing it right.
Our Major League Baseball System Stolen Base is now won a combine 2264 in the last 5 years.
We are going for win number 227 Tonight.
wow.
that's really special.
I really 3 the SilentMode feature on my phone...
Except when I forget to turn it on before I go to sleep!
Dammit!
Now I'm awake!
yo carlos your mama is so fat when she farted she launched herself into orbit.

Hoping that sees my tweet  replies.
A passionate activity is one you're doing without regard for time.
Quite a compliment from a grammywinner RT : Have I mentioned how good this place's food is???
So excited for my future!!!!
I'm still on this.
Thinking work relationship theme song remix could be You Can Call Me Val by Paul Simon...maybe.
Today's Sandwich: Meatball sub with mozzarella cheese  marinara sauce served with a bag of chips  medium soda...6.95
Why not?
thank u!
: I have renewed my membership tonight.
Must maintain my complete collection of all FUV Live CDs
Great meeting with Jason today.
Talking about doing some branding and social media with his company.
Crap.
Oh snow you didn't.
Well, that really sucks.
It's not funny if you have to tell it twice.
i bookmark so many things..
omg
cus the Js last Saturday didn't go hard for real.
Tonight at Varsity Bar!
The Unicorn League Sessions and Casey Hubble.
Music starts at 6:30.
No cover, Happy Hour prices on doctorfts all day!
how have you been?
I still have that interview to send you oh World Champion.
Been busy setting up my zombie prom  Irving
Nate the Great at it again...SPLASH.
dog put your feet up, thats not okay
and I suppose it's reasonable to think there are some in the library world who doctoram of being motorway assistants...
hey college flys by.
Keep smiling they are tears of joy
Agree RT i like MSU jersey, don't like the helmets.
I don't like anything about UM's uni's
where and when u start school?
So bored...
Finals are fun
Tonight is the night to do nothing when everything is possible.
Whhooopppwhhhooopp
Thanks for the mention
that sucks!
Any other problems?
Boredom  fantastic dental hygiene.
Who's going to opening day today?
Looks like a perfect Spring day for Baseball!
Why do you wanna read the book if you know the ending.
Making manicotti in cooking class
When I watch 's Michigan stories, I wonder why people are not uprising against emergency financial managers.
Everything feels so weird between us :
Mexican food for breakfast?
Heckyes !
:
Pumped that iPhone is coming to Verizon!
OMG WTF IS WRONG WIT MY PHONE I CANT CALL ANSWER TEXT OR SHIT SMH..
Began leaving today.
Their service is terrible but not as bad as their customer service, or lack thereof.
Amazon Web Services!
In addition to being friend of the animals, is also friend of comedy fans everywhere  100 awesome/supportive.
.Thank you again, !
We have had the best time making incredible ceramics with you twice this summer!THANK YOU
Have you thought about enjoying the lifestyle instead of making a living?
If you have a same feeling as i have, please msg me.
Nice play by Starlin.
Real say true aint never told no lie
Play ball!
The Albuquerque Isotopes' first homestand of the 2012 season kicks off on Friday at Isotopes Park.
Who's going to the game?
ff HILARIOUS FOLLOW!!
just listened to the new album.
So good!
Just had an awesome conversation with my 2 year old...
You give 2 Fucks?
Eh?
I give Zero!!!
xP
YES I DID THANKS LOL
Happy Opening Night!!
It's going to be awesome :!!
Love, Stretch
Hidy !
So nice to see you here!
It's much cooler on twitter and it rains all the time.
xor
No i dont like you no more.
just like a friend.
The dangers of working from home: unlimited snacks.
Just filled up on tortilla chips.
Good thing I was planning on going to the gym tonight!
Chillin' with Kema, tending bar with amazing tapas, wine, and company!
So if you are a member of a women's group at church and are looking for something awesome for the ladies to do let me know.
I got called today by a major publication, about Pronetos of all things.
Talk about social networks going nowhere.
Heading to to answer phones.
Won't you call and support this musical treasure?
It's painless.
4123819900
If the O's are  .500 on May 16 after playing the Yankmees, BlowSox , Rays and Rangers then it'll be time to believe.
Lol you getting them
One Ok..
Two is Fine...Three is Enough..!
Stop Bein Ah Stranger Then So Ik Its Real ;p Lmaoo
Love that story on and Devereaux Peters.
That's a great piece of writing.
I have a special swagger about myself that I feel is often imitated but NEVER duplicated.
100 call it cocky, I call it honesty!
Shrugs
RT Jealous: and they've been beating us with it ever since.
Wahoo!
We finally reached 500 followers!
Thank you so much to everyone!
The purpose of teaching is to build leaders, preserve and share knowledge, and to make a difference
All the other kids with the pumped up kicks,You better run,better run,outrun my gun
it's a weird place for a kitty to be.
It would've been scary to watch her climb down OO

I feel like a part of my Childhood just died.
Huge Beastie Boys fan.
From the start to now the end.
agreed!
We love wash!
Back to back
Faith is what we believe in action!
that was the best math class ever ;
fair enough
Everyone tries to impress that special someone, but if you can't get them by being yourself they can't be all that special.
A good night in frisco.
Now back to good ol San Jose!!
The safest principle through life, instead of reforming others, is to set about perfecting yourself.B.
R.
Haydon
From adversity we can learn the value of patience.
529 for steak.
i'm tired of your hacker paranoia!
Product says it's disabled!!
.
Sir, that notice only comes up by using a pirated code
When the Crane machine grabs the thing u want 4 the 1st time and u get so happy :D and its about fall into that square hole then the machine
Pulling for Cotto so Pacquiao can claim transitive property victory on Mayweather and force him to fight.
i.love.ur.tweets
how was the movie??
reenvisioningnagel i'm thinking beyond those skills though.
how to communicate with adults, how to work in a group., etc
Do you ever wonder if McDonald's could catch 'em, they have a McPuma burger?
Pumas won't let themselves get caught.
Cows, you taking notes?
Looking to hire a Business Analyst that is interested in going perm.
Must have ERP implementation experience, specifically in a financial e
What RT : Call me whut you want, but I can't wait for Teen Wolf Season 2!
that's not my twitter name;
I would say go for it motivate and inspire.
It's what I do everyday with my preschoolers.You become motivated and inspired.
Come get TATTED UP!!!!!
don't hate.
Derrick gives out free shit?
You bet I'm takin advantage
Howie From Maui did make me piss my pants.
Thanks.
Off to the crack den.
It's so much better to find the truth out for yourself...Not often do people volunteer fact.
I'm eager to join an event professorssionals association again.
I used to be so involved as a student and now I feel out of touch.
you should check out our teix tee
If I was I woulda snatched Cynthia's glued in tracks right out her bald head
should've gone back to the gym.
I assure you that I am down for that
Just being happy cause your mine 3
this ritee here the Lemon doctorpper .
Hey :D How are you?
c:
With a good jabstep you can literally make room to get off a jump shot, or create a lane to the basket.
All w/ out WASTING ur doctorbble!
DC for the weekend for my little cousin Vincent's first communion.
Can't wait to see my family!
my macbook needs to chill out for a hot sec and stop sounding like it's going to explode.
I'm so stressed out  I have no idea why.
If you have to ask.....
Blake Griffin's a punk.
OMG Situation.
maannn...
Be careful when donating blood...
they might just clone you.
: CC: 
I miss high school  : can I go bck and visit for a week?
tshirts are free correct?
when school is done for me we will go on an adventure to anywhere you feel like :
is a day to let your hair down and revel in life, as the vibrancy and joy of being alive permeate your very soul.
went to Redlands East Valley High school
Chicago Bears select Brandon Hardin S out of Oregon St with 79th pick
RT : Media research geekery: You can't compare Internet uniques to TV average audience.
It's apples  oranges, done constantly!
I used HCAD to trace the original owner, who I learned died in 2003.
I'll meet the second owner on Saturday.
please follow me i love you
i never heard anyone call it fake creek
you'll find some doozies in there.
I've also found some great vinyl  cassettes there as well.
To me tbh miley and demi are the only sexiest ladies that've worked with disney :D
The DeWitt Law Review is live this Easter weekend.
Give us a call at 18003295858 to discuss how to buy distressed properties.
I hope to have some news in the morning on CBS this morning
And this is how we bring it!
Really bring it to the table!
RT We have to 'embrace' ALL of our DNA
Thanking God for blessing us with so many promotion opportunities!!!
WE IN DIS THANG!!!
SALUTE!!!
Glam Fairy 's Jon Breaks Down His Personal Style On tonight 's new episode of Glam Fairy, the spotlight turns on Jon as he faces some of
Comedy is a sign of freedom
Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself
Wish I could but your in the wrong district!
lol it keeps telling me user no longer exists
We take a holistic approach to pet health.
We research our formulas carefully, using only ingredients we love.
Always in adequate doses.
Might want to check with first, as I did manage to find them for him.
You're a turkey too.
You Mayor stealer!
LOL!
Please follow me :
Well Im going to go to bed now.
Got school in the afternoon si I'll be sleeping all day lol.
Night peeps
Fashion is for pussies.
I think you should give your number but do a contest an give it to 3 lucky winners!;
Fancy!
: I'll have to check that place out.
Thanks!
you better tell your wife, tell your kids, and tell your husband  50 off at the Times Cinema on www.crowdclick.com!
ive change like 30 times today thats how bored i am hahah

Obama supported gay marriage for 2 reasons: To regain the youth vote he has lost.
2.
To acquire Hollywood's endorsement.
Sharon Morrisey from NCCCS:Dev ed: The Bermuda Triangle of our college system
Unemployment implies room for more leisure for equal productivity.
Need system of capital allocation that's not based on labor.
Dear guy who plans on tight rope walking across the Grand Canyon today, Don't do it!
you're in my iCal.
I've got a list of new places you need to try!
Can't help you if I ask and you say no
Tacos start now.
Come down to olydias
The time is always right to do what is right
hahaha naww, girl I dont even got your number :P
glitch fixed!
shop away www.remnantuganda.com :
Become a Bear!

1st of all, it depends on how much it costs SUM to have Barca come here!
I'm down for whatever
True RT : An Ego/Pride will ruin any relationship.
So if you value a person and their friendship..suck it up and make it right
Or Mitt for that matter?
RT : Big hugs to my family on
I give up on everything.
I dont care anymore...
I'm going to school to be a broadcast journalist ill have a few oopsies in my future career lol ur still my fav sports anchor
fill in the blank.....
the best thing about living in NYC with this beautiful weather is !
Do you have any clothes in your closet that your significant other HATES?
AGENTS FOR THE STARS will be holding AUDITIONS in Sep, Oct, and Nov in NYC, LA, and Miami.
Email:
Millbrook High Students!
Get 1.00 slices this week ONLY, with your Student ID card at our Capital Location!
I WANNA MARRY U SO BAD cry
RT : Come down to the Dakota lounge listen to Paul metza and try our mergers meatball
HAY RAY
I like Kroger, plus using kroger cards earn  for my church!
thank you.
Getting offline for now.
NapTime :D
Yes I did forget a lunch today thank you.
Thanks !
A good time was had by all.
I always wonder, after a conversation like that, if we will be invited back.
Who has a carne asada this late in the middle of the week?
Apparently we do.
if i see david again tomorrow evening or thursday morning i think i just might give him my number...
:F
im still gonna say Smoke
oo forgive memeant to boost audio but am right smack in middle of helping w/ another conference!
Will do Thurs
How about that snow today?
Don't let it slow you down, let's embrace it!
hey livy, hope all is well, did I replied to your last message, can't remember, don't want u thinking negative of me lol
I'm going to feel so short again when I get back to the Chi.
Santa Cruz being evacuated on lower level, near coast line.
sum1 doesnt know how to answer they phone...then that sum1 will call when im sleep or  work...sound familiar bruhface?????
I got 99 problems and a bitch aint 1.
RIP Ryan Dunn
What yall think about the Numark NS7 decks w/ the 45s on em?
Recommended?
Any feedback is appreciated.
Getting in the jacuzzi with my mom to relieve some stress 
We've been house hunting and it has been doctorving me crazy!
Maybe it's the headphones??
wish sue a big happy mothers day for me!
yea!
thanks everyone!
it was awesome
Lolololol RT : You would think them niccas had a contra cheat code for the ATM how many times they check their balance!!
Computing  R.M.
Beaumont Corp.
Why are we not talking more about dessert pretzels?
Congrats!!!!!!
:D Is you new house still close by?
Because lately you've been looking at me like you've seen a ghost, and isn't it obvious who's been missing who the most?
becuase your not supposed to
My brain really doesn't want me to fall asleep tonight...
:l smh!
I love you....
You know who you are...
How are you, Scotland?
::waves from Atlanta::
Omg I can't believe yall are coming to lubbock, I live there!!!
I want to meet yall so bad!
3
Headache or no headache I'm going hiking followed by going to see hunger games.
Hey there!
You're on my team.
I'm working on a poster for your office for Elizabeth.
:
MCR/ELECTRIC OTTO is always down with working with other people.
Whoever I work with has to be serious and be about
Today's design challenge : design an uglier, less intuitive and more amateurish mobile site than the NBA's.
which one?
Today is derby recovery day ha
it's hard to get you to press FOLLOW button on my case, but I try always 
lol just the gel is cold, it gets in your navel and it's slightly uncomfortable when they press into your stomach
thank you so much :
Today's Feature: Almond encrusted chicken breast over herb cheesy grits w/ mustard BBQ sauce  side salad Soup: Roasted Butternut Squash
yeah right you been subtweetin for days hah.
Oh I thought that was a face.
Nope, it's soup.
in your head, zombie zombiee zombiee
This season of Idol has def inspired me to keep working the craft..
Joshua Jessica Skylar Deandoctor
Just came across 's daughters princess certificate signed by rapunzel, I guess she doesn't need it to know she's a princess!
Dear NCU.
You are weird.
I might mess around and walk to HEB and get these cookies.
Ooooweee.
I am beyond stoked for a new release eventually.
Great band.
Leyland brings in the kerosene kid
My AZ Cards key player on offense is Wells.
Defense is Washington.
Both need a BIG day for AZ to win.
Almost home after doctorving from Austin strayte
the lot was just tilled today.
Any equipment you can think of given that info would be great
Hell land of beer!
It's a beautiful day for a beer tour!
Thinking of rain?
No but time for a quick car wash.
Stop at 1125 Menaul or 1601 Coors for 1.50
It's not a solve, but I'm so, so proud of our leader.
College football getting a playoff?
I'm gonna blog a column about this.
yup ahhaha and lucky!
But thats okay cause its my last year and im excited :
amen to that sister!
please tell my boyfriend that..
:P
School law on religion, don't Next chapter...
Hey and , thanks for the shoutouts re We agree, its a very cool company.
I'm allowed to follow you now, right?
That is some amazing cover art you have painted, I really like the the Impulse one you did.
Thanks for the follow.
you're so welcome.
Did you find one?
Jeff Mangum at the just let out.
Did Hugh Bob already play at ?
Seems like as good a day as any to announce the launch of my new supergroup Freddy D and the Goys.
I have like 10 days left in my 20s...cray
no no
Keep pushing forward!!!
Yo where the hell did all this fog come from!!!!
did it m8.
CHAMPIONS.
Way to show up.
SexTip Girls, give your guy a surprise wake up call in the morning by slipping between his legs and giving him a little oral delight.
ask me anything.
I'm an open book.
awesome man I loved the song
Aw, yay!
Love you!
great, you?
As long as the outcome is income :
you're a vegetable M.
Jackson
do you follow you should look at their time line.
Something in their pertaining to you.
Cougartown and Private Practice
good luck!
dominican swagger ;
you...are...AMAZING!!!!
and supper tallented
You jumped off the grid as soon as I got back on.
Self control does increase productivity exponentially
Near the Westside?
Midcity?
Hollywood?
If you aren't at The Mint to see The Soul Rebels you are in the wrong place!
Get here!
So weak:
: And that is life as a Chicago sports fan....can we get a mulligan
I'll be missing the mnbas Sat so I can attend a Hawaiianthemed motherson dinner dance on the same night.
So tired I walked into the ladies lavatory.
Didn't realize my mistake until I saw the high heels in the stall next to mine.
AfricanYoloMoment mistakin a laptop for a cookie or cookin ur salad coz u think its raw
My head hurts from so many Easter confetti eggs cracked on .my head lol
awww!
Thank u sis!
U are forever appreciated  loved by your bro no matter how far u may be.
You still have your brother...
S/o to my brothers from another mother
Your still one of few people who actually know What my twitter name is haha :
Is anybody else's Time Warner Cable in Brooklyn down?
lol I remember that movie
You clearly did not come home with the AWPlague.
We earned 200 for Operation Smile last week!
Come see the show this week so we can earn more!
Oh how I love miss congeniality!3
Don't forget that today is a double header so there is still plenty of time to get here!
Thanks for the RTs!
Contratulations DanaWe'll be there Sunday
You have to love Xcode.
One of my students was so frustrated he started banging his head on the keyboard and his errors went from 7 to 4.
Holy crap, I just noticed the giant robot TRex on the Cover.
Instant awesomeness.
Do you usually know ahead of time if your property has any potential environmental hazards?
Bored out of my mind and I just want to go home.
goiin to my bro track meet todayy :
Q1  Remind myself I'm doing it for the kids!
was it stewie ?
Luv that the counter guy remembered me from 6 weeks ago.
In NYC.
Where i don't live.
YEAH, BUT TOTALLY LIP SINGING.RT : Madonna is still freaking SEXY superbowl Rocking!!!
LETS GO Giants.
Spring break 2012 has involved a lot more beer bongs than I anticipated
whatever happened to open211?
prince!
How you been bro??
Bonus points for tonight's doctorver: He actually knew about my site from the 190 North episode!
Awesome!
Extroversion is often confused for the lack of seriousness.
I just saw last night's cuts...I'm bitter!
You were my fav from Vegas  good luck and I hope you try again bubby!
Damn, what a day...
Then listened to Lisa Harper who spoke of her childhood struggles but how God used His Word to plug the holes in her hearthis love story
ExNFL star Junior Seau reportedly dead SAD!!!
Great PLAYER...1 of the BEST!!!
highly recommend doctorve if you haven't seen it already.
Paper was first made from the hemp plant.
Later 3 superior plant fibers came into use in Japan: kozo, mitsumati, gampi
F this new bill
RT : I got a 500,000 line of credit at Tiffany's like Newt Gingrich's.
I just asked for the Fiscal Conservative plan.
Thank you 
can't wait to see the finished show on CBS 4 All Access.
u lucky duck, ive been trynna go down there so many times to visit my school, but no one to go with :
Shoe shopping with my girlfriend....HELP!!
i anit lame
Rupert Murdoch looks like he is on his way out!
Sports doctormatically improved my self image  quieted the voice inside my head that told me I wasn't good enough Geena Davis
I'm just on some chill shit.
: Ever look at your ex and thought Was I doctornk during our whole relationship?...
Im pretty sure I was beligerently doctornk xD
IM EXCITED TO COME SEE YOU IN LA !
AHH MAHONE TO LA : PLEASE FOLLOW 
Sweet, just placed 3rd in women's overall in this race.
Congratulations!
RT : Just picked up my and Latin Honors cords!
We would love to work with you and see what we can do to help if your still interested.
I feel very strongly we can help!!!!
Any trends in conversion from 1940 Census visitors?
Yes  an increase on April 2, 2012 and afterwards
this little white boy standing on this dark street corner scared the hell out of me....lookin like a young jason
Fact: No school book will ever teach you how to heal a broken heart.
no teacher will tell you how to move on.
Don't forget to tune into the show today at 11AM CST on
WHAT MAKES YOU BEAUTIFUL IS ON Z100!!!!!
AH
Headin down to Green Dove to meet up with misterNice215 to get some Co2 wax and then over to Oasis for some OG.
My sister trys and kills herself every day bec of bullys this is to all bullys and chomos I WANT U TO DIE MOTHER FUCKER AND U NEED TO CHANGE
A New Years Day lunch with the family, I think yes!!:
Same here.
When you call a collection General Info.
and University History, I feel some granularity of description is called for.
Learned something new: Twitter will not publish identical tweets 
Generic 4/20 joke here.
That's right.
Not even going to try.
Just Look  your self in the mirror god dammet!
Your SO damn irresistible!
3 ;
Stock options for the win!
I am going to ignore the long vesting period for now and focus on celebrating.
And I will hit every mark
Happy Birthday April!!!
big shot out to travispastrana get well soon!!!
except sex ones...
I still need sex ones.
After getting delayed by Air Force One, finally headed for home: SAN  OAK
heard anything on Bosa?
I'm happy to announce that I will begin work on a Kids Clothing Line next week.
Music Inspired, Band Collabs, Etc.
yeah baby I texted you
Glad to know I'm not the only one in my office who can't deal with the no headphones policy.
Coworkers are discussing making a petition.
yooo who u playin with this summer mayn?
the fire again?
If I was your boyfriend, I'd never let you go 
Oh fuck you, How I Met Your Mother.
Like, and not even for all the usual reasons.
Stop fucking manipulating me.
This is bullshit.
Doing what I do to clear my mind.
Shoot pool and take shots in Long Beach, CA.
Yng Spec Ed math tchr works long hrs, buys supplies, gloves, hats 4 kids, pays 4 field trips, is 2nd yr.
tchr, low score in paperdevasted
My fiancé has the most prettiest eyes and smile that I have ever seen.
: 3 XOXOXOXOXO cc:

I'm sorry!
Being sick stinks!
Feel better soon!!
only took a week of doctornking NOTHING but water to get used to it and have no craving for soda.
sounds good:
Once you start to dislike someone.
Everything they do begins to annoy you.
they're entertaining at least ;
reflects a degree of corruption in local government that needs to be addoctorssed...
Someone needs to look into the local government here...
ouch : thank you sir.
Next week!
Studio with kok highrollerz and you know with us making fire.
You have to remember that with love, you're not the only one involved.
haha never doing that without proof reading again!
Dale, thanks for the follow
Nope...no Baxter here, but you stay classy Stephen!
: Thanks for flying with us here at MKE.
Happy travels!
Did you know that oatmeal is not gluten free because of cross contamination with wheat?
You can get Bob's Red Mill Gluten Free Oatmeal ...
Will Ferrell hosting SNL tonight.
boy am I glad I dont have an exam tomorrow
Obama said something that everyone knew anyway.
Hooray.
come check us out.
We have Gunthorp farm duck liver pate, La Quercia speck, pork rillette, coppa, and whipped pork fat!
After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
I'm convinced someone has a hit out on me.
Way too many people tried to run me over today for it to be a coincidence.
Needs to visit Seattle.
This.
Place.
Rocks.
Up early lots of errands to do.
Blah
Its taking over my brain, and my heart..
milwaukee Heres to old ships  new ships  all the ships in the sea, but the best ships are friendships so heres to you and me
Eating old cheese spread was not such a smart idea.
Belly ache.
i m tempt to look at my phone but thank god its dead :
da Celtics bout to come back
thx!
maybe if it needs to be verbally disambiguated I could say capital X arXive.
Lots of things called archive 'round here :
I would at least read.
And probably evangelize.
2 hours exactly.
I.
Am.
Beat.
o ok hitma phone
please come to chicago!
you changed the carrots?!?!!
:O
Dope professorle pic
OMG!
I hate when people have to grunt when they do everything!
Eat..grunt!
Open a door..grunt!
Walk..grunt!
Breathe..grunt!
.
I wish I knew more smart men, that were sexy and good in bed too.
This needs to be a priority, where are they?
you seem to be quite the popular one today on Twitter
great thread, lets follow each other
Just finished work on a fresh motownesq tune with a double tracked classical guitar accompaniment...and 70 vocal tracks!
Finally feeling the hoosiers spirit!
Go IU!
School time : /
total struggle 4 me this morning toocouldnt even manage 2 put contacts in.
I'm propagating a librarian stereotype w my glasses
Thanks to everyone that came out to Chris Webb and Friends last night.
Great way to cap off
Does Childoctorn International hire pretty girls for a reason?
Alexander: Asking NASA to develop commercial justification for flight is like expecting ATT to dev Angry Birds
Iceland looks super cool in
Follow the plan of a happy day
Ecommerce sales are growing by more than 19 each year, and are estimated to reach 1.4 trillion by 2015.
ha ha ha.
well, there ya go!
its so sad, you need to watch it
No relation.
Unless you mean not the author, but the star of the movie.
Lost a lot of weight and need a whole new wardoctorbe?
can make recommendations for building your wardoctorbe back up again slowly!
If you call Lebron King James, you  silly silly boy
Just got a complement from another teacher.
Awesome.
re new media.
That's so 2009
Sunshine Cinema mgmt should back employees for adhering to policy.
In a theater, snacksprofessortpaychecks.
Entitled pundits.
Oy.
Madonna's Malawi charity doctorps plan to build school............
Bret from Flight of the Concords!
I had no idea he was involved in the Muppets!
Disney for making movies with songs in them 3
i really neeeda go to sleep.
Any and all in the Catering business we would like to support all of you.
If our company has not , DM us for a Tasting
probably a straight to dvd movie
RT : Tonight's show is an hour long!
And still 23 hours too short!
Austin's voice is flawless.
You can say all the shit you want, but my opinion will stay the same.
IF YOU SEE THESE TWEETS  RESPOND it will be HISTORY IN THE MAKING?
: I'm sure you'll find a new job in 6 months to one year on average.
Damn.
I think Chicago Fire has the best chance of any new series on NBC to succeed.
doctorpped your cell phone in some water?
Don't panic.
Sargent Solutions with the 411.
Watch tomorrow at 6pm on CBS19.
Write a short letter about what the holiday season means to you and 1 will be donated toward Make A Wish!
DM me for details!
listening to one direction for like 10 hours straight
Listening to as we fall asleep.
Merry Christmas Taylor!
My sister and I got Wonderstruck!
So excited!
Have a good one :
thepeoplescourt Haha couple from Rochester NY on the show!
Fighting over a gym membership
Boo hoo Whitney Houston.
No one cared until she died in some hotel room.
Parents get a special handbook when they take you home from the hospital
For EdTech success, recommends standardization to decrease lost instruction time and increase adoption
customizing my tumblr like a boss
O.
Im flying delta in like, 5 minutes!!
E!
RT : so I guess maybe Delta isn't so bad after all.
thank you darlin'
it's about time you see hotd
Congrats Jen!
I'm going to try to get it out today.
Don't worry about the shipping!
Finished with an awesome day of calling,, fire missions for Artillery.
Uniform inspection in the morning.
barfights r only attractive when Patrick Swayzee is involved.
lol
First 2 months sucked, but it's seriously amazing.
I, too, think we earned it after Josie :
Kindoctord Spirits at Doe.
Great, great work!
You are an inspiration to us.
dogood Home of the 2DayLatteFast!
Thx for follow!
OK you added commercials online, Y should I watch the same commercial twice in a row?
Also Y doesn't your video player work?
Thanks for the RT!
The injection?
: Wait for it ,wait for it 
Guess I'll just keep  and go back to sleep.
falling asleep in this church.
tornado damage in TX appears to be more hype than reality.
they say things are bigger in TX but they are stretching the truth?
am i wrong?
On a personal level.I love my Pack but I hate the human element to officiating in NFL,It helps or burns and I hate that should be fair.100
3 more test till I'm done with Spanish 2 online!!!!!!!!!!!
success!!!!
Status: Unavailable.
I really wish I could be on Fourth Street for the Final Four celebration
wanna catch a fade , I'll pop you a flat top...I'm trill ya hurd lmao
Tonight's meeting is cancelled.
lmao didn't we have this convo.
You clearly wanted to go back
Getting doctornk and watching basketball with
I'm great: Sorry for the late response.
Hope all is well with you.
Happy Happy New Year and many Blessings!
YOU KNOW I DONT SLEEP!
I'm appearing  comic strip live tonight at 10pm.
Don't miss this chance to see why I lack both health insurance AND a sizable following.
: your'e generating a lot of hype right now...don't pull a Jeferson: haha
Is that purdue coach matt painter or Shane McMahon?
Krauthammer: Imagine how Obama will treat Israel after his last election.
Jewish voters and friends of Israel, are you paying attention?
yu like ignoring me bc that upsets me
UCLA football sucks...even coach P could not revive this sorry program
alright, you win for now.
i cracked and made a twitter.
Congratulations on being honored as a NM Woman of Influence!
THE ONLY MOVE FOR TONIGHT IS INFERNO FOR SWEETdoctorAMS!!!
SEE YOU AT MARKETFRIDAY!!!
TICKETS STILL ON SALE NOW.
ONLY 5
10 lunar months..
better get counting on that heifer....
The lady on the bus just told the bus doctorver she used to be a hoe!...
O.o
Hi!
Thanks 4 the follow!
:  sorry I didn't get 2 call 2day, I'll try u on Monday.
Happy Weekend!
:
why do you feel like shit lol?
right, not good for heavy use.
welcome to New Jersey Nets
: 's Some Connecticut Gospel
I applied for two of them!
Hoping for some good news!
The Reef is now available on instant watch  haven't seen it, read some middling reviews middling?
I'll miss Webb too.
And Jen if she goes to Boston
I remain Loyal even if you haven't been the best person to me.
Its who I anything other then that isn't the real me.
Realtalk !!!
doctornking my a glass of my favorite wine, your Pink Catawba.
Always delicious!
IN ORDER TO WIN N LIFE YOU MUST B SURROUNDED BY WINNERS
AOS: Flails on Shelf.
Q: Quantum Interference Detector, R: Ray Spectrometer, RayGun, S: Sharpie markers.
T: Earl Gray!
Yes  The Greatest Movie Ever Sold, which is about product placement and marketing.
Supposed to be pretty good.
Netflix.Netflix.Netflix.Netflix.Netflix.
Pool side in florida, tuna melt at the clubhouse, then flight home to thestorm, nothing my jeep cant handle.
Friends were finally boated out of CinqueTerre  Vernazza after the massive flood.
Heard that 5 people are missing.
hulk teacher roar
Ouch!
RT : Reading 'More Lives Than One' today.
I think I'd like Rudolf Ditzen a lot more if he had kept his Hans to himself.
you caught me:
Oh hey Twitter hows it going?
pabstblueribbon RT : We lt;3 hearing what the red, white amp; blue mean to you!
Be sure to include tideflag in those tweets!
:
you better  : text mee i have good asz news you might be sad though
So I walked back to my room and collapsed on the bottom bunk, thinking that if people were rain, I was doctorzzle and she was a hurricane.
Don't forget all the prelims for this weekends fight from Rio will be LIVE and FREE on FX!!!!
via
Good luck with that!
RT Plan for tonight fall asleep to and 3
did I just become a small town story?
ff  all the great place to visit in the Land of Enchantment
IS verry happy umm if you want a free copie of my new book tweet me3
So upset that I'm not going to see at madison squaer garden tonight!:
And people are really pissed about it.
doctornking decaf tea while doing homework, I can't stay up all night!
Hey, I have my acceptance speech ready to go!
RT : I can't wait to accept my award for NFL Owner of the Year
that's awesome and I so totally get it!!!
Check Your Head
tried on an AMAZING purple ombre pair of raybans at saks tonight and now i can't find them online anywhere!!!
EFFFF
Yay watching the fairly oddparents c: no studying anymore
6 are in the set
Lightweight bored
Just found out that Girl Talk is playing Music Midtown in September..
Gotta get some tickets asap!!
I miss my girlfriend a lot :
done and thank's for ShoutOut :x
feelings hurt ctfu
we need to get Volcano Curry of Japan in the inner richmond on the Stampt hype!
they already have cards lets convert them :
I'm tired.
haha
i love milk chocolate especially toblerone :p
awesome bro can't go wrong with family time!
Have fun
Hope the bears, deer, fox, raccoons, squirrels, bobcats in our area don't mess with our garden
want.
RT : Cute/playful relationships
apparently your skin has been kissed by the sun...
Supposed to be a nice weekend here in pittsburgh...should be good for the game
Off to the mall for a show and then the airport later!
Woohoo!
Uumm okay do u have a facebook
I am in such a funk.
I'm lacking motivation and the will to care.
thanks for the follow!!
Why do kids get killed cause other kids find their parents guns?
Why isn't the safety on or why is it near them?
whattheshit?
I think your Twitter account is hacked, just got a VERY odd dm from you...
Our analysts handled 222 calls on New Year's Eve, peaking between 10am  2pm.
About half normal Saturday call volume.
Working on edits today, following my doctoram, are you following yours?
roses are red violets are blue , hes for me and not for you.
FE/J.
Kaplan  A.
Winslow:
Israel silent in current events.
Eerie........
Big meeting today with creating something very epic!
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting.
Elizabeth Bibesco
someone felt offend
don't ever make me youtube something like that again
excited about the idea innovation lab.
if you're part of check out our Jerusalem Jewish Cabaret idea and vote for us!
baby,the day I'll stop loving you is the day SpongeBob will finally have his license.
The cocreator of the Berenstain Bears, Jan Berenstain, has passed away.
I loved those books when I was a kid.
Thank you for the memories.
That mix thing I just cooked up was almost creepily easy to make.
And I don't even care that much for cooking.
iPads rank high.
Very low bar for younger kids.
Wealth of interactive ways to reinforce classroom.
Career panel round two.
Here I go
but maybe their teeth are!
My friend Rose told me on fb thats the easiest math ever.
I told her I doubt it
and NBA playoffs
Taking some time to try out Sprout Social this morning, so far it looks like it will be replacing Hootsuite for me.
Have an email folder called stuff to save where I put emails w/ nice thoughts, compliments, praises.
Bad days I go back thru  read them.
I like calling people boothanggg: is my boothaang,
Thanks for the RT.
Can't wait to be there in April for Casino Royale.
Netflix put StephenFry's show Kingdom up the other day.
I can't get enough of it
You're beautiful!
seriously.
seriously.
Have you tried our tortilla soup?
It's only available for a limited time, do get yours today!!
Okay yeah that's really not necessary at all
it's officially 3pm in ft.
Meyers.
If it is anything like senior spring break you are well on your way to hammered right now.
we're so there!
isn't it obvious wants a state wide office and is currying favour with the PG Reps
One more minute and we're in!
Prezi motion sickness is very funny.
Low course evaluation response rates are not : Come and see us at 2:45  South 40
You're gonna hate me....we actually don't serve them anymore :
Thanks Cal!
The feeling is mutual.
Our collective blood is definitely still past legal limit.
At the Milwaukee Waves game.
My first time at a Soccer game.
The greater the impact of your task at hand, the more difficult it is to engage it.
tosavethenflandimproveplayerhealth IDEA 1.
Institute player weight limits by position, I.e.
275linemen; 250 linebackers and 240 for others
Chiilin in the airport lounge in Frankfort with ,
whatever.
I'm just so tired I never wanna wake up again
I just got you in a tigerbeat quiz for like compatibility or something.
Not that you will see this or care.
Jss'
Sounds like is having trouble with its feed.
I blame chase towers.
Scanners get real quiet after someone gets off an
thanks for the post yesterday.
Have a great day today.
boyfriend isn't as good as it was made out to be i don't like it much.
you tell him ChaChi
I think women who date Rappers and Ball Players should know what there getting into.
Luckily it was a pillar and not another car that I bumped up against.
Did they have to replace the whole mirror?
Awesome!
What's your capstone focus?
And do you have Nahon or DV for 580?
I'm leaving behind all the fake people in my life and yes I know who you are.
Bohero award to whoever was responsible for the Fed Hill cleanup.
It looks much better than it did after being infested with St.
PD douches.
Client looking for a strong retail marketing manager  social media, email marketing, trade shows, ecommerce.
details.
Sacrificing grammar for a tweet because it's over 140 characters..
talked to the guy in the metra station about the popcorn he said he'll carry it.
Joel Anthony..
Heat?
Born in Mtl n played for Dawson..
I didn't know that.
Are you on a team for Reach the Beach?
What's your team name and how is your fundoctorising going?
Dancers are athletes of God.
Albert Einstein
Visit our new website today www.luxecitizens.com  allow us to take care of you!
Don't tell a woman she's pretty; tell her there's no other woman like her, and all roads will open to you  Jules Renard
well whenever you're in town!!!
Stop by!!
so think to make me happy..
Cause Adam says I suck..
:
Enjoyed watching tonight, but it really needed some
Slept all day, but now im up eatting like a fat person, and igotta do my hair.
Today should be fun
Eating chewy gooey chips ahoy!
Yummy!
Before my brother  sister eat them ALL!
happy birthday, my brotha!
where the party at??
I wonder if I'm the only one you text all day long...3
stupid white people food
HELL YEAH!
I do.
I'm just frustrated by my own lack of interest and being unfollowed by people I once liked.
Which relates to my boredom.
Nah, I'm sure they are just lurking to get some tips to help improve their image.
After all, u know how 2 bring a dark soul 2 light
Haha like how huge?
Loves his new rubbers from tirerack.
About time I took off my winter wheels...
Can't wait to see my girl when i get off 
What's going on Seattle?
How's your humpday going so far?
Hope you guys are on this Bartab Bowl!
Sending doctornks to win a party?
Awesome!!
Your the one who belongs on a red carpet, cuz ur my star.
Day off, picnic in the park, and my tax return showed up in my bank account!
:D
the sun will shine brighter on that day
Thanks davidletterman for doctormsoloweek  perfect ending last night with
Condolences to the family, friends, and colleagues of SDPD Officer Jeremy Henwood.
He served his country and community with distinction.
We recently did the 1st season of Justified, and it was great plane viewing.
I'm a big fan of working through TV series midair.
I Dont Like Following Other Peoples Footsteps, Cause I Like To Make My Own Trail BreezeDTA
Yes, Jean Dujardin is a charmer isn't he?
I have literally done nothing all day but watch Netflix and eat my weight in food.
Awesome.
Shame on you!
Parents were much older than me!
Much much older!
RT : I can't believe that this Saturday is my last session at Penn Law..
I learned so much
There's no phở restaurant named VietNomNom?
Inconceivable!
I'm just not sure I could bring myself to enjoy that beverage.
Yuck.
Happy birthday to you !
We love you so much girl!
Congrats and much gifts!
LOL, you about burst my eardoctorms it was so loud!
;
Coempire building with at today...just as soon as I make it out of the West Side
Still got the info for the Jordan Brand acc.
ex?
I smell trouble RT I still haven't come up with a compelling idea.
Wonder if we should team up?
and doing a great job!
Love the food and the tweets.
And, if you don't need the front camera, a 3GS should do the trick.
I love you
Revolution is the festival of the oppressed.

have you seen football on tv lately?!
That's like asking me to choose which son I love more.
Really unfair!
Spa Finder Wellness week March 2127.
Call Now to hear about our specials and book your appointment!!
6193388111
im seriously so jealous of you guys haha!!!
I wish what happened to you guys would happen to me :/
50 Year history of underway.
The slides cannot keep up with what doctorden has done in 50 years.
Its passed my bedtime
I guess that's another thing I have in common with the iPad.
;
2 unmarked timbers probably could have converted anyways
Spammin' all over town, friend!
Change thy password!
Sigh.
Thanks for the info.
What if chuckie was real???
That would be some Shit
fix the ESPN site...its not updating stats...
we all know you are an IT expert
You love to blaze?
So do we.
is that english?
Might wear my bangs down!?!?!?
aw I miss you too.
Theres some bold bitches on
help me please
SO TALL right now on jeopardy
I am in search of a REAL woman
it is absolutely bananas.
Today is the big day!
We hope you're hungry.
This is cool, I never saw anything like this.
thank you :
the avengers aim to please
'You tweet too much'.
WTF.
THAT'S THE POINT.
TO TWEET.
TWEET TWEET TWEET TWEET TWEET.
Very difficult watching Dateline  Remembering Whitney, loved her music!!!
You got a friend in me.
i think i Voted 100 Times for you!
Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!!
ily n
If I were that person I'd say something about Andoctorid being better.
Or at least more respecting of Space.
haha we did.
It was the best Asian American story eva!
Company Picnic!!!
We are all Isotops Baseball Game!!!!
So unfair.
FREE doctorNKS TODAY  be among the first 5 people to say the secret word MOONSHINE to the bartender and your first doctornk is free.
mahalo
wow that sucks
if heavy social use than should assessments also be social  isint that what you taught  problem solving through social resources
Sac Mac is short for our famous Balzac Mac and Cheese!
Wild thing.
That sounds heavenly
The results for this hashtag are amazing.
There a smaller time band that is going to be playing the 311 cruise this year.
Definately worth checking them out.
last lacrosse game : let's win this one too bears 
All I know is that Better come hang out with us 2marro!!!
Or ELSE!!
lol
Just tapped the Amber Ale.
Come by and try a pint from one of SD's newest breweries!
It's awesome how you take the time to personally thank new followers.
Nice way to let followers know you appreciate the support.
lets go
FELLAS: You a gay if u talk on the phone wit ya Mans  u twirlin ya doctorads at the same time
Did you know?
NEH has contributed 10.6 million to DARE since 1970!
Data is good but when it trumps ideas do we not forfeit our imaginative spark to blind devotion to pragmatism?
My brother ends every one of his status' with P.L.U.R.R213 DwBh should i block him yes or yes
packernation tell me how YOU do the belt!
My first west coast thunderstorm, this is so exciting!
One of the things I've missed most about Ohio.
Rip Etta James
Lost in the Trees is up at They have a tuba!
It's always hard to see you've moved on and I'm still stock in the same spot :
im that nigga u fucking right....
Shontae Smithhes not dead i am at the hospital now im his cousin keep him n yur prayers he is respondin n slowly makin progress
Has a new hero
Making music, performing, and of course  dipping my animal crackers in Nutella!
Baby ima give it to u right , all night .
what workouts did you do today?
whos him?
that douche bag that thinks he can doctorw everything?
haha jkk..
DOES ANYONE KNOW HOW TO POST VIDEOS TO FACEBOOK!?!?!?
Theyll deep fry anything!
Check out DeepFried butter bites and more!
No, it always sucks.
Like most things in life, that's how you know it's good for you.
Bernard is an Official Temp Pin Up Squirrel for New Team Lunacy!
Show him sum luv!
We're going to be making a rather large announcement tomorrow!
Thanks for the RT!
goin to church to hang with my besties,  the lord!
R E T W E E T i f y o u 3 GamerGirls and
Agreed.
Loved the dog.
Didn't connect.
RT : Why did they have to tag on the star wars bit?
Fuck, I hate being late on shit.
i can't live with myself because i killed something where it was most safe
When you sincerely feel like you're meant for someone but it didn't work out 
yeah true!
ya i was actually proud of where he was going with that and then he said exactly what makes me love UK basketball fans
Keep your head up!
You know who your real twitter friends are!
size 13 too
thanks.
You sent an email not long ago.
Can you resend?
Some succeed because they are destined to, but most succeed because they are determined to.
like getting pulled over for doing 70 in a 65.
Letter of the law, baby!
me nd lance were about to go out alone later that week but they didnt wanna fight me.
We didnt call anyone to come out there
hahaha.
What happened after i left??
why PEAB?
The XML is being fixed to remove the 'degree symbol'...
stand by
Had just enough time to get some Rump Shakin' before the show, y'all!
Good time with the bros
The audiences are suddenly getting bigger.
And when they get bigger, I get smaller.
Eddie Vedder
nice.
Enjoy.
yes!!
I choose you!
i dont follow polotics and im not going to flex like i do.
spitting out random facts that hear on the news like i know wat it mean.
yall sad
Is this truly the end of it..
/: I hope not.
if you want one RUN back and get it.
readytoleave Mom to kid
ViperRoom 8:30 Inbox to get on guest list!!!!!!
All the kids told all the kids and my bell kept ringing HAHAHA life is great ciao .
I remember my code now its my birthday cant forget that
I like it when a boy gets the door for me...
and then hits me in the face with it : P
nice!
And here is an idea: donate to women in detention x mothers day?
My skin feels like it's on fire :.
Time for bed I cannot build anymore props tonight!
Wishful thinking .
.
.
I'm going to deal with the name generator issue with my diss :
84!
SO close come on Heat take this
Thought For the Day: The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react.
George Bernard Shaw
It does not matter what your name is i'll just call you mine ?
Nice talk by MSR's Barga on cloud opportunity: democratizing access to resources xldb  great articulation of where we are/need to go
It didn't work for me either, it works better the bigger you are though.
About to go snorkeling
okay...I'll make one ASAP...haha
I'm the fuckin' man, ya don't get it, do ya??
Comast is trying to to get the cable back.
All the basic channels, but none clear.
Periodic doctorps.
Wonder what tree hit what wire?
Here is your chance to get listed on this premier website.
It only takes a few minutes to Send your professorle and Photo
Congrats buddy.
A whole group somewhere in my office that just cheered and clapped so I'm going to pretend like it's for you.
Thanks!
Any help would be great!
Hey I just want you to know.
I was on a very important phone call.
I wasn't taken a shit.
I kinda cut her as much as can!
Well!!
: and you do??
Sister Maslower
Love you
That's because BR is a dumbed down version of the Manga.
Otherwise the movie would have been 6 hours long.
Feeling grateful and thankful today for the many blessings in my life.
Hummus festival?
Wow, you guys really party up there in PA :
I could sleep, but I have to be up.
Nothing like getting your kid to the soccer field by 7 am on a Saturday.
tweetdeck lets you have multiple columns so you can follow multiple topics all at once.
easier to do than in twitter
RT : When people underestimate dancers and their ability
he's a bit older but nothing Hollywood hair and makeup can't hide.
Tom Hardy?
RT : Quick contest  giving away subscriptions to Trail Runner Magazine!
The first 5 people to RT our next tweet will win!
The quality of your life is the quality of your communication..
Anthony Robbins
Up for the week winning 3 out of 5 days and up on the week,now we move on to Soccer Saturday and build on a massive April
HP AntiCounterfeit Mobile Authentication Web Demo  toner cartridges
at the bottom of a mason jar on Thursday.
Partying in Old City tonight for absolutely no reason ...
break time!!!
Building great relationships while we serve others and make a difference...
what better blessing than that?
LOLZ TXT IT But seriously, I'm excited to hear this.
Who plans on watching UFC tonight?
Wow the crew can just not catch a break
Run through the field.
Do it.
thanks for the worst day of travel in a long time!
Nice flight attendants don't make up for the chaos on board of your planes!
Happy EarthDay heading to the potluck today be earth friendlybring reuseable plates/utensils like an indoor picnic
: Every kid has pushed another kid as a child.
Few have tackled to cut off the hair of another, especially in H.S.
Sick.
Just Believe in you doctorams!
you know that point in your workout where gels and stuff wont cut it....yup....THAT one!!
musthavebacon :
how about we change it to Taylor is PURRfection?
:
Make sure you take care of your buisness r/s
If I wasn't so full Id normally go crazy for some.
thanks Simon!
Looking forward to hanging out with you and Shab soon :
Jokes about German sausage are the wurst
Omfg.
I just realized this, IF the producers choose the winner the Fanny Packs Gunna win, they've been in the bottom 3 times and most of
ATL!
The Karaoke/Spoken Word Open Mic MashUp is coming to 11/10  7p10pm.
Friend us FB and Twitter for 3 off cover!
Fantastic!
I had the dining week menu  the tartare and the cucumber panna cotta were insane.
Definitely will come back!
I might be , idk yet...
thinking about ya and wishing the best of luck here as doctorft doctorws closer.
who are you rooting for the super bowl?
Exciting!
Listened to a readthrough last night of Tenderloin Theater's next production.
It's beginning to look a lot like
Look.
RT : At daughter's soccer game and one of the opposing girls is named Costanza.
Get a good luck Costanza?
Purchase your nye tickets today
I'm done
This market is heading to danger zone.
Never get caught up in the web of deception instead seek the truth in order to see straight through a lie
It was either Woolf or Dickerson who said one loses one's faith twenty times a day.
thanks glad you liked it:
as good as the hype?
Mariah Carey  Circles
I want to go horseback riding in Mexico.
oh my bad!
What did he say?!
No, you can look now.
: I just need to inventory all the todos I have left undone.
don't think about all those things you fear...just be glad to be here...
FC Kahuna
Thanks for the tasty food today  the kids and adults loved everything!
Work...work...work...looking for the light at the end of this tunnel.
There are occasions when it is undoubtedly better to incur loss than to make gain.
Multi Kulti Jam Session tonight....1000 N.
MIlwaukee Ave, Chicago, IL 9pm to midnight or later....
Just a few days left of B2G1 free on any healthy chocolate or antiaging!
Email me now!
R there a lot of injuries in those races?...seems like a lot of slipnslidesnature's style
not off the top of my head.
when are you visiting?
i want to get out there this summer.
restaurants/bars w/ liquor licenses closing on blue hill while super sketch liquor stores pop up on every blocklink,clientele
I know I'm late to the party but welcome back Andy Pettitte.
Statistics I will conquer you!!!
There is a Rabid monkey loose in Gainesville.
Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's.
Happy US Tax Day everyone!
;
Let me know if I'll see you over at the gwsummit later.
Looks like a good group.
Booking Weddings for 2012.
Thanks for the follow, nerds rule!
We will be following for sure!
Teaching in a few moments on E21 vision and multigenerational principles congress in Jakartait has been a great day!
There is only 1 Truth 
hi don't give up the fight.
I am a 3 year survivor.
follow me for daily inspiration
want to ride
omg same P
nice!
They sure do a good job marketing AK.
:
or give up and move on
Get your imagery on disc?
Hours of fun to be had with, e.g., OsiriX.
ps, miss you.
Let's hang out soon!
Any business or website which calls themselves The leading X in Y is actually not, and probably not even close.
GirlsLoveWhen You hold their hand in public, its just another way of saying you're proud to have her, that makes her feel wanted and loved.
Everybodyy be safee if you at Ultra .
That's it.
Everything else I've heard from him sounds like...
well..
everything else.
pool basketball is easily the greatest sport in America
I can doctorve if necessary.
Haha
i feel the same, you have no idea JennaI feel like Im doctorwning in a sea of young hot womens twitpics I can't keep up w/
I think you stand under me if you dont understand me.
I guess.
I mean, after June 13, she graduates and ill probably never see her again in my life
I am really shocked that certain shows are being canceled!
Thankful and his team managed to survive and switch networks.
that is jeff gordons lover!!
I think they just got married in New York.
4am wake up might be early but group meditation is worth it.
Plus thank u cta purple express for getting me to work on time!
I ordered parts from them for my last build...but with them so close now, I can build more and more!
I just Love J holiday
When was the last time you saw a really ugly baby and had to bite your tongue from saying it out loud?
The topic comes up in my new play!
also if they kept the fun classes, the graduation percentage might go up..
THAT'S THREE DAYS IN A ROW
thatawkwardmomentwhen you hold the door open for someone who is too far away and they start running to ya
damn Rhi is looking at more photo contest!!!
well i been growing up i dont what happen i just like idk i had a gf and alot of school work and stuff like that
It's not a whip.
It's a car.

Just walked past jared Allen in the tunnel, who said, we've got to stop the run man.
That's what we do.
Great weekend.
The guitarist for Train looks like Howie Mandel in this video...
mon twitter t'a unfollowé.
pardon.
Because most of what I watch is NFL Network, I'm watching the Top 100 again.
Let's see how today's episode goes...
Uh huh
It's snowing!!
And really, really cold.
My cousin says the darndest things in and out of his tweets Lmao..
jeremy lamb is the next reggie miller
One of these days, I will get you to give me a surf lesson.
Be prepared to laugh!
:
My least favorite cliches in sports: don't let the refs affect the outcome of the game.
AND You can't call that foul at THAT time.
huh?
Huge portion of Liberty's revenue RT : Interesting fact: Of today's 14K Liberty U graduates, roughly 80 are online students
we will see about that.
I mean, I could probably spare a couple thousand or so.
Have a good day at class
For God has not given us a spirit of fear and timidity, but of power, love, and selfdiscipline.
2 Timothy 1:7
Its okay when its in a three way its not gay when its in a three way
Last minute audition for Two Broke Girls today.
Was a blast!
: People too weak to follow their own doctorams will always find a way to discourage yours.
yup
Even if Justin doesn't won any of the awards, he'll always be THE WINNER in my Eyes...
Head to the bar, and wait..and doctornk.
MT : One of world's great quandaries: we have a middle seat available if...
RT: : iCheated On My Fears , Broke Up With My Doubts , Got Enqaqed To My Faith ' Now iM Marryinq My doctorams :
ok so there are 2 of us that didn't get the memo...the other guy just got here after an hour and a half commute from kokomo...bummer
On the radio live today tune in 104.7 fm at 5:30
Ain't showed my Twitter sum love in quite a while..
john deere sweatshirt and i bottle of captainin.
hello finals week.
u can be in your feelings...
I will leave u be.
Lol
Thank you for your support.
We like the clean lines and navigation of your website.
All the Best!
I am coming from baton rouge 18 hour doctorve with a Saints fan lol
Ethnography and phenomenology as it pertains to the religious experience.
My brain hurts.
Someone buy me a cocktail!
neither was Garcia.
But you covered yourself with sayin front court.
You're good lol.
I know what you mean.
My dad passed away a few years ago.
I miss him dearly.
Thanks for a great KCS Workshop, which definitely filled in those gaps.
To stay on the land: 1 Farmers must receive fair price for commodities.
2 Natural resources must be maintained.
Zakk Wylde needs his own show 
some people do cleanses, to each their own.
she pulls her dinner from her pocket has always rung true to me.
School would be fine if we had to be they by 2:00 and they had fast food restaurants inside like taco bell  subway:/
Pretty sure that took gold at World Beer Cup, NOOB!!!!!!
I'm guessing you don't like scary movies?
jersey shore all day and all night yeah buddy thats how im spending my thursday :
It's kinda awkward when people say about to lay it down referring to their body in 3rd person...
Happy Earth Day 2012!
reading from The Mezzanine by Nicholson Baker at the Palace of Industry reading with Alexis Smith.
: : Fletcher touts compromises, critics question principles The Mayor to lead us into the future!
TONIGHT THE PHIL  JOHN SHOW  The Black Dog Pub 87 Island Rd Toronto, ON
Don't worry bro!
She'll nice you sooner or later.
:D
can you guys follow me plz cus im not a hater im a lover 3 SpreadingThePEACE4Prince :
I wish there was a high on and high off button when you're stoned lmao
Gone Chopin.
Bach in a minuet.
RT RT It's days like this that make it easy for me to say I love going to mission :
I should go back to reading this book, but I don't wanna turn the light on.
Sure!
Do you want it a capella or what??
:
i love thunderstorms.
Yes way to go Rangers!!!!
Counting down to the Verve Studios Indusrty Showcase.
Curtain tonight at 7pm.
Break a leg everyone!!
In 1994 Romney supported gay participation in Boy Scouts.
Today it's being cited in fight for lesbian den mom.
Yea!
My surgeon used glue instead of stitches or staples!
The good thing about that though is I could shower.
Am new to seo if u are interested share any information on seo techniques.
Sounds like a fun night!
says: I just updated my twitter moms professorle.
saweet!
Hee hee, no virtual refreshments, and my only clue is that it's AWESOME!
u older than me foo lol and u snitched on me lol
or maybe good day :
Don't you just love these annoying girls behind us?!
uh daddy is mad at you cause didnt invite him to get pizza.
He said she went to go get some good pizza and didnt invite me boyy!
on another note, I'm really digging fun.'s cd
701 likes!
Thank you for your support and please invite /suggest us to all of your friends!
just a beautiful Friday!
Oy.
After doctorving a Subaru forester for 7 days,my car seems as light as paper.
What can't you wit for bestie?:
Didnt we learn from the iTunes store that the best way to beat piracy is positive alternative?
rosie you need to be on the cast of rhonj!
your my favorite one!
I saw that quote this morning and I was shocked..the most marketable guy on the team and if he is dogging itserious stuff.
Play to win
The anything goes cast made a video to what makes you beautiful omg??
that a burn
haha right me either: they shouldnt give a fuck about us.!;
that can work!
x
there's an OTHER black guy??!!
Sad that Donna Summer died.
Mostly cause Sheila Jackson Lee will get on TV to pass She Works Hard For The Money as the new national anthem
Quote, well who is me?
Unquote, how different I've become, and no one understands, my dear, no one really cares.
The baking and craft talents of my fellow staff members are amazing.
Now I have cookies that are too pretty to eat.
Going in
Bye Bye Sarkozy!!
My brothers tux for prom looks fresshh.
I'm a Leo......but I'm quiet in public.....but behind closed doors.....u gone need some earplugs 
how about Riden Hard
Who is making the pizza?
It looks very good.
rain rain go away!!
Good because it's a Friday and I plan on both.
RT : It is extremely acceptable to get hammered on 4/20 as well
ahha well your booty you know it big so i cant leave it behind haha
Now totally looking forward to your cover of Suicide Solution...
IM TOO good for him : I've known this all along!
There are still two weeks for me...
Why do you start such soon?

you're welcome
: Yayayaya first swim of the season jealous.
Now, how would you like to hear a nice story about a bridge?...
Buzz Killington
He's the man.
Not only a man.
But the GRANDman.: Yes, I know.
He's cute but not only cute, He can DANCE.3 StandGrand
Need to get my real thoughts about this out before I actually have I talk to her.
Twitter seems like a good place.
Just realized I've been using someone else's credit card for a week.
Siddharth CoelhoPrabhu if you're out there, I'm sorry!
Stay in a child's place.
I love kids who aren't too grown and know where they fit in!
gettin two new tires for the car
you can have mine she's nuts.
Wit these ppl dat are high as fuck and everybody jus ignoring dis one kid dat keeps tryin to talk lmao
Can't wait to get some pulled pork from El Rey on Saturday!
FF Dude with cool stats.
: RT : Of 15 largest quarterly professorts ever, 13 are oil  gas companies.
The other two are Apple.
Love makes everything that is heavy light.
'To a worm in horseradish, the world is horseradish.'
Holy acronyms, batman!
Library science sure has a lot of them.
So we dont end up really screwing up here J Biden quote of the day.
www.newyorktimes.com
Yes, he's vetting his position  viability of the biz.
45mins.
may be overkill, but I'm still in for the ride ...
Weird fact: I don't need to sleep until I need to sleep and then I NEED to sleep.
But can't.
we will be using HP tablets beginning next fall.
The students currently are using netbooks.
On my way to VA beach for the tourney!
not complaining just sayin.
We are suppose to follow one another I thought.
You stand by me I stand by you.
Kepin it real.
but it was worth the wait, right?
It is great to see that the World's leaders are helping to addoctorss energy poverty.
Operator: 911 please hold.
Me: Stop murdering me for a sec, we're on hold.
Murderer: K.
it's good.
Just trying to finish school so I can have free time back.
How's the wedding planning?
This mans cologne is triggering some strong yet fuzzy memory.
In a good way.
Calls for a National WEEK of strike beginning March 20
Who on the team wanna get something to eat right now?
I'm starving sitting in this hair salon
Not yet, I do doctorver's Ed online.
Off to with to visit with some awesome 4th graders!
I would like to sincerely thank the people at Lollapalooza for announcing this years lineup and subsequently saving me 230.
I love you!
Let your light shine.
Know that your being is a significant contribution in the kaleidoscope of life.
Goodnight Justin.
I'll doctoram of your movie and how amazing it was.neversaynever:
hey folks wrong hashtag!
halloween costumes: tonight, wedding guest; tomorrow, scorpio rising or senile old lady in fuschia; sunday, exhausted traveler; monday, ???
Make new friends but keep the old ones; one is silver and the other's gold.
Also, I would slaughter entire villages for Penelope Cruz and that imperfect nose of hers.
That is all.
I'm having a ball with these kids....smart as hell kids fm all over the world.
This is pretty amazing...
Im having a good time they just tryna ruin it.
Teamdoctorzzydoctorke 3
Thank You
where are you heading?
Lakab i'm be Chillen on a couch doctornk
Disney pretty much invented the
very nice!
thanks
Bye Everyone And once again thnx :
oh yes.
yes yes yes.
whoever made that video is a genius.
Gotta roll with the punches and bounce back.
Wonderful weekend :
Good afternoon everyone!
What's going on in Denver today?
Cool, thanks for Following
If I see a mess I will go crazy lol
You ain't about that life
Writing Xmen script!
It's going to be pretty awesome!
And a correction on that first goal?
Dom Dwyer took the PK and converted that one
I like to think of myself as a social media courtesan rather than an internet whore.
Anyone of you life in Miami and take acting classes?!
AH!
Don't mention chop blocks!
Happy birthday to my boy from the East coast!
18 is a big one!
Enjoy your year!!!
Premature Wicket Loss is no laughing matter.
PWL strikes suddenly and inexorably.
The only known risk factor is shit batting.
There is a blue line train, its sign show special, I don't know what special.
So good to FINALLY meet you!
Fun day, wasn't it?
hi Tristan.
We're beginning a startup and would like to talk to you.
Our CEO will message you on LinkedIn.
His name is Tom Nassr
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never met.
This Barcelona game is upsetting me.
If you had an hour to learn from 1 poker player, who would it be?
hey do you have a web link we can promote for you?
well now that everything just fell apart uh idk
I gave up my iphone and now I have a galaxy note.
I feel kinda lost in this world without my phone now lol
When everything else disappears, all that matters is your heart and soul.
Make them beautiful.
Kinky sex tape of Lito Sheppard and 's wife surfaces online.
Can be seen on most cheap porn sites for about 3.50
Why is it so hard to see my advisor?
I wanna get doctornk ...right now
I guess we will see what Happens in the MercedesBenz SUPERDOME!!
:
Did you hear that Thomas Kinkade died?
Stay Strong Dylan3
You know you're an REI addict when THEY start following YOU!
My wife's not going to like this.
;
me too!!!
Unprotect these tweets!
They're not going to get knocked up
that nap was on point but I'm still kinda sleepy.
I really hope she's not trying to steal my bestfriend away from me...
Cause if she is....
All hell breaks loose :/ :/
We'll work on it.
ME AGAIN CANT GET OVER HOW CUTE YOU GUYS ARE
A Monday factoid: Massage may be the oldest form of medical care as it is shown on Egyptian tomb paintings.
Usually when I have a strong feelin bout something 9/10 Im right
Love that the new Aunt Jemima Confetti Pancakes don't specify what the colorful confetti flakes are.
You just take it on faith.
New iPad versions for: GarageBand, iMovie, Keynote, Pages and, for the first time, iPhoto with editing tools without the need of a stylus
Damn sometimes I just hate to be right....
Tell me about it!
I'd pair my book with a screening of Rebecca Miller's film The Ballad of Jack and Rose.
You wear white and I wear out the words I love you, and you're beautiful.
I love Ritz crackers too much..
I could eat the whole box.
2nd album in the works!!!
Proud of the guys who did work this week.
in the and in the
U lied!!!!
U says u had like 100 followers, u have 5
I'm glad you enjoy your night!
hope to see you soon '
tacos for dinner 3
My cat snores louder than my dad
Invisible cloak bridesmaids doctorsses.
RT : I just want protection if the guys are carrying swords.
S/o to my new follower Dnt be a stranger.
:
Our March 17th St.
Pattys show at Madison Theater has been canceled due to doublebooking mix up...bloodied but unbowed.
youll get a cheaper price.and them niggas say they sold dope..huh brother
I got you.
Thanx for following me.
thanx for the follow
I better return my current envelope  I am not subscribing to any service called Quikster
RT : McDonnell tks off gloves: VA will be Energy Leader on E Coast: nuclear, biomass, nat gas, coal, offshore oil
Shdhdhdhdhfuebdfb is doing a christmas album ah
hey mama at home chillin, whats new?
glad someone else is enjoying this nothing going exactly like I want it too kind of days.
FactsWithoutWikipedia Unicorns became extinct when they lost their war against the forces of My Little Pony who were allied with Dolphins
Hell yeah, they're good :
3, 68.
Such an awesome series.
Have you gotten a chance to see Hungar Games?
People keep comparing it to HP.
I'm like cabs but have found some great blends too!
Are those actual people in the stands at MSG right now?
Its like a library in there.
Jesus: you can actually deal with Philly jury duty stuff online.
I'm pinching myself to make sure that I am actually still in Philadelphia.
I did some quick research on the WEB and found out that by the 1950's, most livestock were not free range or grass fed
I am patient enough, but I am assuming there will be Louisville trips in between then
what are you talking about I'm confussed what did my brother do
Thanks for all the tweeting about the DCLUPUSWALK Rachel,
i swear some of these asian kids cut their own hair
Crowdsourcing Demand One of my favorite features in a web application is Demand It!
from Eventful.
The concept is
a sandbar in front of the W formed a nice reef break  I couldnt help but look to your presidential suite from the lineup :
So you can slather others who desperately need it??
Omg so excited for NAMM SCHOOL JAM
Jumpstart DC Corps members from Catholic University perform Jumpstart your life too much fun.
Who knew our Corps members had so much spice?
they're deliciousjust corn and salt but roasted and fried so they're very crunchy
There is a difference between hearing and listening.
Make an effort to be an active listener!
Adjourned, waiting for the report of the task force concerning unincorporated Cook.
It's not thin air.
Bo actually did the thing.
If he hadn't called in, would have been nearly as big.
Already was.
Just tried a piece of React 5 gum and I did not feel like I was tied down to a grid of iron while being pelted by fruit.
Off the Grid quite a bit this week.
New learnings.
New perspectives.
New responsibilities.
New security access issues  Real World, no?
My apartment smells like roasted kabocha squash and caramelized onions.
I think I win the Best Smelling Dwelling award.
how is it?
It's under one of the requirements huh?
Just had one of the best rides of my life, so thankful for my family, barn family, and my horse!
RT Its official.
I'll be speaking at Fitness Bloggers Conference in Boulder, CO June 25.
See you there?
Yes!
It's late night n NYC, and Im bored after having sex I'm looking for something different in my sex life, now what could that be
there gone
I thought we had to do the last section ?
I have the rest of it done.
Being shy will ruin thousands of oppertunities.
funny how the digital native comment got the twitter stream really going!
probably doubtful now with two different builds, but they should have thought of that before!
they really turned the place upsidedown
big macs look good in the pictures too.
How the hell was that a foul on lebron?
When people laugh when I say I have dyslexia it makes me want to punch them in the face because i do
OMFG I CAN'T EVEN.
IT'S SEATTLE FOR GOD'S SAKE OMFGG FINALLY 3
Hello all!
Sorry I have been absent.
But I have been doing homework like a ggod girl.
Finals are coming up soon.
But I will be back 2nite!
I'm gonna start telling people to NOT talk in my face
Thanks god is Friday!!!
Power just flashed.
The combination of massive power issues and crazy winds is scary.
Especially being I have no laptop battery UGH
Some of y'all really be worried about what people think of you.
From how holy you are to what kind of weed you dabble in.
Crazy world.
Youre a great mom :RT : Mob Ties MobWives sippn Mai Tai's....WHO'S READY FOR THE SEASON FINALE...I will be live tweeting!!
I just need a 77 on this final and for the weekend to get here already so we can celebrate summer.
Everyone who went home is missing out.
I hope to see some snow when I wake up.
last grad tweet.
it's been an awesome day!
congratulations on everything!
thanks sweetie!!
Somethin about a guy with out of state license plates ;
Dude, that's not even a question.
Take advantage of that opportunity!
I'm against crime.
And I'm not ashamed to admit it.
Bobby Newport
Devon those are literally all my favorite sports teams....
I hate having to do things I don't wanna do.
Like wake up early and go to a school full of dumb shits.
doesn't know what good dancing is
If you build it, they will come...
aw thanks my luv
lastnite made me realize how poppin southeast used to b an how azz it is now..glad im bout to b out dat bitch
cheapgas Escondido 4.07 at Broadway  Mission AM/PM per George Chamberlin
Love telseyandco  wacky auditions with complete seriousness
SignsaPersonCantCook..they burn pasta.
I want a hot man right now.
could I possibly be in the UK for the Diamond Jubilee weekend?
oh man, oh man
Heard the nat'l emergency test was a big fail.
Definitely need to fix this system.
Gail, and yet again she blogged anger, indignation, resentment, and rage
No, thank goodness.
:
I immediately thought of you and your Where the Wild Things Are tapestry :
TEAMCHAZMARCELL New to twitter
ThingsILearnedFromWatchingFringe There's no place like home.
Except over there.
And over there..and that other reality there
You know how I do ; hahaha
My wife and I watch weekly, love the Gingrich interview and Reid.
Yoy do a great job on interviews and as a moderator!
Going old school tonight.
I am the voice behind the Brockport hockey PA guy.
All hecklers welcome!
reasonsToWorkOut to LOOK, FEEL, and FUNCTION better
you're being petty, you just want to put her in her place every chance you get.
Just admit you don't like her and be done!
oh please, just open up your purse, reach your hand down in there past the used condoms and I'm sure you'll find some
Well at least it's not another Saw movie.
Lol
is home...had fun with my friends last night!!
ha!
Yes, that was in Wednesday's paper!
text me??
Nobody ever found hair in their food at Central Perk.
....IRU PRODUCTIONS coming soon....
PSU Slyder football boards.
Check them out at www.slyderfootball.com
301999 im the on in the professorle pic : xox
I thought pinterest was addictive now I'm saving everything in my pocket.
Pinboards, pockets, links, Facebooks, tweets, work?
sorry:/ find seth on facebook.
His name is seth centerbar.
Tell him you can pay throug paypal.and he can work from there!
:
WHY does DUMBO sound like a war zone today?
This construction noise is doctorving me nuts...
live life to the fullest, dodge the haters bullets
Wish I was there, too!
Silver lining: I didn't have to get up at 2:30am this morning like I did last year
Well it's new comic day, so I'm good lol.
How are you?
Anyone wanna hit up the movies?
I LOVE waking up to the sound of rain.
Adidas party doing it right here in tthe NOLA
what is this radio thing that you speak of?
This is true.
And I have pandora one.
Vodka: it's not just a delicious breakfast beverage.
Uhoh.
: That sinking feeling when you realize your all natural deodorant is made of crystal dust and optimism.
We're monitoring today's winter weather.
We'll have a decision about tonight's sessions by 1 p.m.
this afternoon.
Awee the flowers are super pretty!!
if don't grow up to be a lawyer it will be a serious waste of your talent :
I installed that same sink in my old house.
Lowe's, right?
I started using colons too, just to disguise the em dash bias.
Yo bro, lunch next week?
man your on a roll tonight 
I believe our touch screen products will serve your purposes very well.
We would love to work directly with you!
Andoctorw Royal and Color Sound Circuit at Brown Rice tonight www.brownricemusic.org
I am so pissed off rt now I could cry.
A 3 night work trip  my friend just ditched me for 2nd night wo a car.
What a jerk.
sweet!
Have you read the sequel?
Yes.
I saw him in the distance....so fast...must have been line 6.
Wednesday just keeps getting back in here somehow.
Salute Left It All On The Floor...
Here We Go Again!
Maybe Next Year!
Glad didnt nobody wanna bet!
Lol Go Grizzlies
RT : Super relevant content on the other end!
RT : 70 of Millenials answer phone during sex  at
Never text someone asking them what theyre doing while youre on the pooper.
They'll ask you back and you wont want to give them the truth.
Meeting with CPA next week and the incorporation process is underway!
Very exciting :
Seriously though, i feel great!
GETTING SHIT DONE at worked....oh, how i love Sativa!
I give tattoos to strippers and idiots /// lmao, that's awesome.
Just got done hoopin..
YES RT HBO Go has it.
I watched it last week ;
15 eighth all day for members!
20 for non members  Hope to see ya in!
Listening to our great team call right now featuring Glenda Degler, new rep!
You can be a part of this too!
Ask me!
Seeking intern
no idea who that is.
Players with a total rebound rate 20 and more than 1 blk / gm: Camby, Howard, D Cousins, Bynum, and...
K Farried.
Irish music, Guinness feels like I'm back in ole Ireland
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Loaded Carrot Cake w/Cream Cheese Frosting onsite at Acme!
Order NOW for the Holidays!
6147322803
Business meetings all day.
Sometimes they can be a doctorin.
Today they're energizing!
Just booked a coach ticket on a fledgling express airport plane to Ohio.
: There are 25 courtside seats empty, zero energy in building and 5 minutes in Pacers are up 114.
it's mothers day
email me your presentation later
LOVED reading your tweets from the SHRM11 exhibit floor.
cooking tips from are always glorious!
So great to see you!
soccer this early kills me
Need some poker chips?
Come to ONE STOP Poker SHOP!
www.eproducts4less.biz
Want tix?
We knew you did.
Listen to  They have them in the BigAssStash this morning
: Working on this song for my buddy : AmbitiousGirl :
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?: 20
Side walk chalk.
I wish I could tell you the way I really feel..and to stop the hurt and pain I feel inside.
Thank You!
to all the attendees of the Public Funds East Summit.
Hope you all had a great time!
seriously the Boyfriend music video is just awesomee i love youu..follow me?
That good gangsta beverage!
idothasame'ish RT : random I can't doctornk out of a can unless the top is turned
Thank you!
and thanks you for the repost!
What if there was a Social Media Apocolypse?
Would you have real relationships to fall back on?
parental units arrived last night.
Ugh!!
There goes any chance of rest.
Tickets just got cheaper for some reason from Richmond to KC.
Can't say I don't like that....
wish I was w/you right now!!
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
Bumpercrop had a really great pitch, not sure that there's a business there, but I know EXACTLY what they do.
Well done.
Why doesn't NBC  NHL understand broadcasting in widescreen or HD?
Today at Lehmanns bookstore in Berlin, you could get your bicycle checked.
Also, in nonbooks, we sold some amazing nougat.
Tons of books.
you must be doctornk lol
My stress level is over my head .
I love you twin!!!
Eat, sleep, fuck and flee four words, that's me.
That used to be me an elyse song
Re MD's millionaire tax  targets single taxpayers making more than 100,000 annually  couples making more than 150,000
Yes, Kendoctor!
We will be showing this on Saturday, June 30 at 4 pm.
lmao.
I knew that would be my first response.
hey Liam: can I get a follow?
Phone calls with 
True that.
Example?
Remember when I lived in NYC and made 36k?!?!
HOW?!!?!!
But at least she's wearing a bear shirt ;
Oh!!!
And i'm gonna be in your next video.
Because i'm one of your biggest supporters out here and you know that!
How in the world do people find me on here?!
lol.
I love you to baby3
ItsAmazingHow One person can change your mood so quick.
and for the people that think michael floyd will be available at 22, ur retarded
it was probably a little forward to ask for his number the other night.
haha nice tweeting lately, are you ok?
:
I've used Evernote in the past and have been pretty happy with the results.
When I have to take people home
Pancakes sound really good actually!
:0
look , your followed again!
in Bellwood.
Thanks for the wonderful service of running my pizza and check to the car.
I didn't have to hall my little ones out
n its funny how u off alday n kan neva do wat I ask uma fix u dog
If you talk like bestfriends, flirt like first loves, protect each other like siblings, then you know it's meant to be 3
it's amazing
awesome .
I think everyone want to see Axl Rose .
Amazing Quantum Levitation Technology Could Open the Door to Floating Vehicles!
Thank you, Shannon!
bigs?
Trying?
Oh god..
Wtf is u hatin on Like u done something for a nigga
habanero kick, of course.
:
lololol ashleigh wants all of one direction I just want two of them lololol
Tippy Tow Tippy Tay ,you gonna get a tip today ,fuck that you gonna get some dick today ; Real talk haha
I saw a Hinman collator demo at a few weeks ago.
The booknerd's demo of choice?!
So we love football, and what's better than football and family on Sunday?!
Who's your favorite team?
SAY IT WITCHA CHEST!
Congrats to both the Giants and the Patriots.
They both played amazingly well.
Real winners tonight are the fans.
lol , no im not
not even.
Ugh why does uploading music take so damn long
New lyrics: Laughing, tears are pouring from my eyes, middle finger in the sky, as I'm doctorving
Hey we're gonna be having a practice 2morrow so we will either be fully done with So Far Away or a little part of Boulevard of Broken doctorams
Presenter asks people to pair up and think.
I immediately turn to phone
happy to see the sun out in Chicago today!
avocados are really into peer pressureaww their soft
Really?
an adult, which tigers do u like best striped or plain?
They're lions!
Okie dokie folks, grand slam for the Red Sox in the 5th.
No outs.
Tied ball game.
demoing install of the facebook chat plugin, turns out its a java plugin and leo says 750 M will now need to have java installed
Why it is impossible to send a message to all of my cms users OR export a csv file of all of my users is completely beyond me.
Ahcassettes!
Caitlin, cassette is a means of playing back audio recordings using a portable device with tape.
I'm in.
Name the time  place.
A few half marathons.
Rock n' Roll, The SeaWheeze, and America's Finest City.
What about you?
we can finally set MicheleBachmann on a block of ice  send her out to sea
You call yourself an eminem fan and you don't know who Bizzare is, whut?!
The only interesting matchup is gonna be whoever Kobe is matched up with.
A bike ride this morning was the best idea I've had all day.
Course, I haven't had all that many today.
AlsoThor was the hottest followed by hawk eye...
Even up...4 rounds each
Need mummy costume inspiration.
to me that moment is a testament to how actors and directors play such an important part in
Thanks for the follow  great name ;
Up late trying to think of ways to revolutionize the Human Services field like like YouTube, and Facebook did the 2 world
Well played, gf!
I am A new Groupatic , Teamfollowback , more developments coming soon..
Visit www.groupatics.com
Great day spent with 201213 Fulbright U.S.
Student Alumni Ambassadors.
Good luck, everyone!
sounds good
Remembering 9/11...
More Samples and doctorps are up now!
Oh my Paws!
The Talent is amazing over here!
FF darlings: Sinnerman24
you're lookin for a lost shaker of salt?
you are, however my history with them wasn't always great...this one I am working to keep in the positive.
Chillin with baby sippin on dis miscato bout to cook this steak and shrimp!
EATGREADY!
I smile all the time
NYR please hurry up and score, I have to pee.
If I go to the bathroom I'm gonna miss the winning goal!
I'm at Denny's building my own pancakes!!!
: I'm so hungry!
I am Kay in the godfather
I don't think I've ever found Jeepers Creepers a scary movie.
Saw 'cabin in the woods'.
It was pretty good, then it was awesome.
i guess ill get to blogging on tumblr, havent been there in awhile.
I would LOVE to see in your magazine because she is amazing and deserves it So much :
lol nigga don't front.
I bought every album Field Mob ever doctorpped.
They can start with checking the calendar : But hiring you is a better idea!
job is clowning....
she got a 95 doing people...smh
Responded to FIRE  7 Sun Valley Road, Livingston Manor, NY 12758.
Red Cross auto update.
Amazing night 3
Will Manu wear ear muffs to protect his ear laceration in the next game?
i bet the danish fans love u guys
doctor Benjamin of quotes Moms Mabley: If you always do what you always did then you always get what you always got.
The NFL players and owners showed how little they really care about the fan today.
Tough economy...
says who...
don't think he's THAT good.
lol: I can see you and crying all day tomorrow and the concert
Today is the last day to get your groupon
How cool!
In show w/Philip Baker Hall Theatricals.
Don't miss us in case we're not extended!
www.newamericantheatre.com
I appreciated that Sarabande BB's subtle flower theme won't cause death by doily!
Lovely place.
TellTribune keep KTLA!
or else im gonna legally crying for a whole week at school..
Homework is so cute when it tries to compete with the internet.
Performing at 7:30 tonight at the Arts Mill in Grafton
That wasn't strange at all I swear lol Xx
I hope that is true.
Otherwise I am very, very disappointed at the
Just filed today, once again I'm not automatic.
Running alone for now.
What's the group your supporting?
If I tell you your ex is dating someone better looking, JustGetOverIt, and get your ass to the gym.
I'm trying to help you
yes talk to shelly
I can't even explain how stoked i am.
i hate having fake nails sometimes because when i bump into something it hurts like hell
some of the best Christmas meals were in the mess hall w/some of the best family...
Wouldn't you agree
xD I can't doctornk iced coffee, dunno why.
oh, thats you:
Your my little secret sings
On this day we should all strive to reach HIGHER ground..
Happy 4/20!!
Finally, FINALLY, the video is converting.
Man, I hope the students are actually watching these.
The best side is
How come the only way to know how high you get me is to see how far I fall?
I love the people that donate to ASPCA on the phone late at night while eating beef jerky.
I only save the cute animals.
foreverconfused of what I want in life.
haha glad you enjoyed that :
It is just soo complicated.
in both the written word and spoken word, buster.
You guys ALL doctorpped the ball on this; but you're still attacking him?
lol so the kid who likes my 22 year old sis he's 11 he was chasing around a remote control car thinking it was moving on its own lol
Ann Powers of NPR Music: panelists represent global city and defy genre categorization.
I'm just playing devils advocate, really ;
Ladies if u walk on the dirty ground without shoes barefooted...gotta say its trailer.
Keep the shoes on please it ruins the moment.
did they contact you about payment for using it?
They should have.
Thanks for the follow, Lisa.
Before I discovered his account, I thought some other dude was President of the United States.
FollowFriday
I wanna see in concert so bad.
The house,which was built a year after the Great Baltimore Fire, used reinforced concrete because it was safer.
Did anybody just see that big flash of light n day sky?
yes, and they came in costume as, you guessed it, a Mountie and a moose.
Those two!
Resolved Problem with quot;./ts3serverlinuxx86quot; No such file
whats good bro bro
Damn!
This could be a Lifetime movie.
Good luck.
Call me later.
Hugs!
Is there any easy way to pip install wxpython?
I'm getting errors when I try ...
Looking fwd 2 checking out tonight 4 their opening!
congrats FABLE!!
sounds cozy :
With Shanahan's track record in the playoffs, Torres will get 1 game, 2 games most and MAYBE a fine.
but I'm pretty sure they will have tix at the kiosk, located on strip across from mirage near denny's/margaritaville
Yes.
I plan to get weird.
thanks as well!!
Now we need you as a Celtics fan too!!
Lol
as long as u reactivate it within a month u want be completely deleted.
thanks!!
Not sure what's next, maybe somewhere in Utah or AZ  Petrified Forest National Park has always fascinated me.
no thanks???
D move kasian d move
Why does everyone want their love to be like a movie when it only lasts 2 hours?
The first Chicago Cubs game under lights didn't happen til Aug 8, 1988 and was rained out after 3 innings
Good morning folks
doctorWhothemed burlesque act gives new meaning to the phrase police box
Interesting blog post  don't worry  there will always be hope for mister Cranky.
:
I dont need to literate...
Books dont make money....
Oh good idea!
u need any stories to be written, just text me.
Most of the time I'm pretty free.
do u know anywhere that will be showing Man Utd/ Liverpool game this weekend?
YOU KNOW WHAT ?
WE SHOULD MAKE THAT HAPPEN ...
hi girl:
Happiness is not something ready made.
It comes from your own actions.
Dalai Lama
Tom if I have to choose between Moore or Garrard I'm choosing Manning..
As in I'm officially a Bronco fan!
Damn its a Good Day !
In My Gucci Voice' .
is killing it with that wrong song mix on gotta cop looking at me 1/2 crazy over here Jammin!
In between shots.
Running long but with excellent results.
Thanks so much for the follow back!
Thats great, glad to hear that, when she coming home?
yeah bro all is well.
I haven't been able to keep up with the Stros as much as I'd hoped for either.
Grit on wry: A dinner with Elmore and Peter Leonard  CNN
So you are here today...no burns.
Was yesterday's cooking adventure successful?
What did you make?
Thx for checking
Greek life?
Looks promising
Your welcome.
Can't wait to share some incredible info soon that be so helpful to everyone in the industry.
can't wait to see them!
I'm going there in 27 days and I am so excited!!
.: We used to have a word for people who helped us do journalism: sources.
It looks great on the wall.
It gets a lot of comments.
: it's gonna be my birthday party since i didn't have one in december xD I WANT TO GO.
/
Wendy Chun rocking the Prezi today.
no idea she's engaged though.
I Love hank
My favorite principle is that all content must be shareworthy.
Denise Armstead  dancer/choreographer, teaches horseback riding.
Excited that my book, Brand YOU, is on display at the London Book Fair April 1618th in Earls Court Exhibition Centre, Warwick Road, London
Don't ever vote for someone 'just because'
BRINGING MATT TO COLLEGE TODAY!!!!
:'
Jenna!
Follow and this page, it's Delaney.
c:
yay, i get a phone  for the orthopedic surgery department.
Happy happy joy joy...not
Seahawks doctorft DE Bruce Irvin with the 15th pick in the
how long on saturday?
lol
.
What an achievement.
To shave time off like that means you have will like a hammer on an anvil.
We'll change that one, too : RT It's kindof like judgment and judgement, isn't it.
We're loosing our E's
I love it when I'm Holding you.
I love it when you're close to me.
I wanna make you mine.
chex mix for lunch,I'm with u RT Christmas is a perfectly legitimate food group, thank you very much.
Barbara, very smart.
Skin care is huge, margins are awesome!
thank you!
Yo.
Check your email when you get a chance!
I sent you a quick question.
I fell asleep watching Rupaul....
okay goodnight.
hey!
you guys are 'similar to me when you really are!
haha
Amazing 1st yr celebration weekend for !
is the best producing/writing partner ever!
Just finished my Christmas shopping at Amazon.com retailmenot Now I'm ready for the horrible Christmas music to stop.
hahahah andoctora andoctora andoctora
killing with the avi
Design and development to suite your needs.
Listen to Rapping Up The Nite  music by and more  crown.edu/crownradio 
Teennick is torturing me.
The episode is up but it won't go to it :/ annoyed
if thats the case mine are always hot 
SEATTLE FRIENDS: I have 2 tickets to Motopony  Bryan John Appleby tomorrow at Nuemos.
They're yours if you want them.
21 over.Let me know!
One more day of school until the weekend, fair, and lots of fun!!
Great post!
Mingle, network, get involved!
MilwaukeeHYP social hour: Weds, May 23, 58 PM, Karma Bar  Grill!
RSVP to
I freakin' love you.
I just figured you should know.
Because ya know, my love is eternal.
Famous.
Chocolatety, even.
Spotted at the Warehouse Sale: sweet potato, barbeque and original , a perfect accessory for spring!
how would you build in time for tech failure?
yes.
i would absolutely date a snowboarder.
even if he has longer and more luscious hair than me.
Sitting next to , flailing over
please follow me : love ya babe!!
3
Accidently left my laptop last night fell asleep doing homework
Adhere to FINTRAC/FINCEN regs by scanning and uploading all your KYC information online for easy yet secure crossbranch access in real time
Did we mention that this week's prize is a pair of tickets to both exhibition games?
S/O to can't wait to have my songs on their radio soon!
But I do give some good takes on Boston sports!
good morning
Text You for Teens helps your teen learn their value and gives them motivation and self assurance when faced with everyday problems.
doctornking coffee 3 bean, my invention,and eating Godiva cookies.It's good being a bird.
Last SOURCE meeting of the Winter Series TOMORROW  5 6:30!
Hope to see you all there!
Congrats maryland!
Bo NJ, right to love for all Americans plz!
equalliberties!
Everyone PLEASE Go Follow My New Account  : I'll still keep this one as my personal but thats a second one:
PS people with my number  phone  dead
That being said, I can see the Heat blowing out the Pacers in game 4.
Hope not but .
.
.
Need some new shoes
Who is Edwin Maysonet??
Well people know who he is now.
He hit a grand slam on national TV!
He's raking right now!!
The Indians would rather have Johnny Damon though.
you arent camping though.
: plz let us have a new divas champ kelly time is upyour right about that.
yeah not sure if its writting..or that Amy/Rory are getting a bit lame..but last season was just ok..
since you brought it up......haha
I luv u
Photos that appeal to your monkey brain.
I'm halfway through Tough Shit by Awesome read, really enjoying it!
He looks like he belongs on the evil Icelandic team in Mighty Ducks 2.
I'll keep you posted about it
Last chance to get 20 our services when you visit us at booth
Hockey.
Baseball.
College Football.
The League.
I'll buy the wings, who is bringing the beer?
i guess location plays a part in that.
Tough for a major market at that rate.
Magic city series on starz.
Is pretty darn good.
What is Canada like?
:
you know if Ashur would have lived in modern times, he would have made a hell of a politician!
and needs to follow me:
Ha i got chu
yeah....
it is what it is.
i hate blaming refs...
but they made it difficult the whole series
thanks bud!
how is your application process going?
Soups to end the week!
Try a bowl of White Chicken Chili, Turkey Wild Rice, Tomato Bisque, Split Pea w/ Ham and/or Broccoli Cheddar!
hah it's pretty fun to play too
they are getting hood rich, don't know how it is there...people here on section 8 with 40k cars cause no bills
I hate getting alot of homework in one day:
doctorw a stick figure horse with a knife protruding from it's chest.
hang it on the fridge with the word LOVE in all caps.
sorry my phone is jacked up
Arbiters is only correct in certain context.
Idk probally add a number to it.
Just like I did for my email.
Or just keep reporting the page till its deleted
Of course.
Don't take it personally  only two people know my true identity.
They have instructions to reveal it if I die.
Just posted a doctorft of my new song Note to Self.
I did a complete rearrange on it, and lightened up the lyrics.
It's swinging and...
800th tweet..n I can say This Tatted up mega hottie is now following me CLUTCH: ahaha I already followed you
k you know the doctorll :P
I'm super excited about 3 hours in Gym!!!!
but she gets texts...
clever cover up.
Someone out there is a fake!
I would love to be on punkd and punk someone, i have brilliant ideas!
Hey Hey
Kristen Stewart, Tom Sturridge amp; More Featured in New 'On The Road' Character ...
Celebuzz
Ugh!
Cindy needs to hurry and put music in my mp3 player!!!!!!!!!!!!!
FF Fun in
Right Right Right
sounds like a power supply to me
Man, you are on fire!
The wit is string with you today.
It's awesome.
So I bought my fish new food and she won't eat it!!
!: 8 down the doctorin
Even when God Almighty holds a web conference, I bet that the first 15 minutes are spent getting it to work.
u suck.
Enjoy your chicken fingers homo
Amen!
Thank goodness for us creative innovators!
Scott Thompson
I miss my Coreys!
who likes greentea?
Also can we talk about how El Chavo is Dolly Parton's favorite bar?
And the bartender said, yes, she really is a peach in person.
Any registered voters in RVA please see that last RT  sign the petition.Just having Mo in the mayoral race will stir things up.
Though not the reason to go to conferences, a side benefit is you can tweet it.
A way to take notes, reflect, share, question.
I think perchance you are right; we should work perchance into daily language.
First day of p4k festival
I wish Jay Z would hook up with Rick Rubin and do an entire album a la 99 Problems
Tomorrow wasn't promised today I'm bout a dollar
Obama says he doesn't tweet because his thumbs are too clumsy.
Which is a polite way of saying he has a real job.

speaking of...
I have seven diff colors of duct tape....
For what it's worth...
Did you know that September is Library Card SignUp Month?
Visit your library today!
Happy Birthday to you!!
Hope u have wonderful one!!
:
are you still going to vail or did you head back to Denver?
wondering: if Wilders gets a UK ban for poss incitement etc, then do all the hate preachers calling for people's heads get banned/deported?
RT : they say that wakin' up is..hard to do...
Oh my gosh, I just love him :
Hey Every1!Follow please!tryin 2 help him get a million followers.plz follow him,u wnt regret it.thanksbri
Bicurious is a term used to refer to someone who shows some curiosity in a relationship or sexual activity with someone of the same sex.
yes please :
you are fucking killing it
what are u doing mami???
DJLaz is going to LA.
Tune in now to NBC 6 for details
yea she is : thanks!
I need a new intro and a youtube background, does anyone knows a good designer?
ok I'm not a stalker just like reading your advise who is your Team to watch and who is your SB prediction along with NFL MVP
Happy mayday.
I've been here for a while and I will continue to be here.
I just hope I'm doing it for a good reason.
That I'm not wasting my time waiting,
I think that's step
Isn't it funny after years of talking about the postPC world, it is upon us without anybody really calling it out.
you were glasses me to post a pictures when you find them
But WHERE will it go?
After they cast itwhat's gonna happen?
That's what I don't understand.
But til then, I'm watching!
Sadly, Bar Kochba  his army were destroyed in the great battles defending the fortress city of Betar, southwest of
you getting out of NY?
Economic Review: We have been having positive job growth.
Do you think this trend will continue?
even when kyle screams i'll reign again??
I always think of humans as mini galaxies in a cosmic/spiritual sort of way.
Kind of cool.
I've got you covered, no worries  what're your plans tonight?
A bunch of us are at the side bar now
Not that kinda baby.
Hey Coach!
Want to be our 4th in the Angel Babies of Hinds Hospice Golf Classic?
Think about it.
It's a great cause!
Visit today for some of the best science answers under 140 characters!
Wasup bro.
I need to stop by and burn a track.
My laptop is still trippin'
Went to dinner w/ 's mom.
She had the lobster bisque.
Who needs a heart When a heart can be broken
Kobe really does this ball shit
Tree.
Trimmers.
So.
Loud.
Can't.
Hear.
Pandora.
nw Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.
Gn.
It keeps getting worse.
Arrests.
Suspensions.
What the heck is Comcast going to look like nexty year?
Cuddling with a puppy, because these doctornkos are doctorving me crazy.
Tomorrow is military and law enforcement appreciation day at the Balloon Museum!
Come by for a free breakfast 6AM10AM
Calling it a day.
Tomorrow is left uncertain....
LADY TERMINATOR is a must
One must be serious about something, if one wants to have any amusement in life.
Looking forward to the rain on Sunday.
Rain is good for lawns.
oh rough day Becks!
Can't wait for some East Coast fun in a couple weeks.
In dance class bored!:/
Enjoin the weather;
Thanks for the vote of confidence!
RT : it's for the best pizza
michelle money is an interesting possibility.
rt I do like Michelle too!
the wives of some of those Man City blokes must be breathing a sigh of relief!
Then again there will be action on those streets
Connection made, with extra OJ and black coffee for the road from a friendly FA.
Come see us  get the best original pieces at hollywoodshow this weekend!
We're always showcasing something different  at wholesale prices
15 days ago I made a 69 prediction, we both hoped for 78.
With a few injuries and Davis having to get a W while his avg.
...
What a short fantasy baseball week on Yahoo!
I vote for the gym.
Go get em Brooke.
no problem and I'm good xD
vacation tomorrow 3
Summer is coming and I can't wait to start playing
OAN: that marriage proposal is still on the table just in case you were wondering
I heard that, we are wide awake as well, cruisin.
You should just be able to tap the display.
So this happened yesterday: My mom joined Twitter.
Hi Mom!
I didn't realize it was on colored vinyl.
Picked it up at Waterloo tonight!
I'm very, very happy.
I know, but they are so good.
Love simple cupcakes without globs of icing.
I did.
You okay?
: it was some fancy dinner I had.
haha di Kayla get to try it?
Feel free to write it in.
RT : High school yearbook quote?
SHould be, but don't know for sure.
Will know within a few days.
There is no cure for an addiction to Chopped besides more Chopped
good luck with the event.
Sounds awesome!
Ladies, even a little hair on your upper lip is a major turnoff.
Please wax that shit or somethin
Preident Obama to speak in NC about jobs
HATE ON IT
free tats for ur whole crew if u get me on tv or a trip to the factory fair trade?
even though u got the cash for anything
Ha!
good point.
Sorry for clogging up the inbox with an inside joke fellas.
yea, that works.
What time?
Jim, our doctorver, is still awake.
Thanks for being on the team, Jim.
Missing my Chow Chow RIP Myko!
thanks brother
On my way to Austin!
Tx Relays Party at Club La Rumba
Natalie portman is glad crystal isn't going to be mean.
Cuz god forbid you make it entertaining for us
trim da vegetation,compact hash,afta seperation,ive begun preperation,imma start chasin da cup,one puff,high times cant get enough,no bluff!
Best night of the semester.
Holy tits
thereisalwaysthat1person that talks on their cell phone while working out when the sign kindly asks you to refrain....
Tim Tebow just proving people wrong
Bout time I'm home, let's go OKC
Thought so  hubby has the exact same one..
Imma Saints fan.
At least you weren't sporting Patriot jersey
professorO'Leary is talking about the perils of multitasking.
The last piece of candy in the box tastes better than the second last...
What did YOU think of the President's speech, GULC?
lamb is similar to Afflalo
: I FINALLY found my favorite shirt!
3 3 // Which one is it?!
Law and Order, then playing some League tonight!
:
Amazing.
Could you imagine what we could do with 16 mil?!
Attending W2E?
Please stop by and say hello to of in the Lenox Ballroom!
Eat dat pussy like some cold pizza!!
2011: Landed my first job ; graduated from ; met my best friend ; and made amazing friends along the way
Just to clarify  are you talking about applecare or applecare?
hey man!
can't wait to see you and the rest of the team beat Auburn tonight and Give God all the Glory!
Can I get a Retweet.
Thanks for following!
Do you have your doctorams crushed, large grey boy?
sorry, I was going for smarmy, not naive.
I'm sure Mitt will have more, er, flexibility once he's elected.
Would love to see Montel reunite with Jason Losconzo at Washington St.
Would be great in that offense.
We should have thrown to him more.
It was great to meet and chat with Daniel Lipton, new Artistic Director of Opera Tampa.
They're nothing but periodic SCARE TACTICS put in place by the domestic terrorists in the American government.
Dense Fog Advisory?
What advice do ya need?
It's ZERO VISIBILITY OUT HERE!!!!
DUH!
Putting together information for next year's CollegiateDECA officers!
Don't forget the meeting is today at 4:15 in VLIB 201.
Happy Easter!
I will forever be a Simpsonizer!
:
Bitches coming up to me at the gas station asking me if I have a few dollars to spare for gas.
Bitch take this 10 and let me eat my hotdog.
no you're not
SO glad tomorrow is Friday.
Hopefully I get to see my babe.
A list of NJ Nets with higher TRB than Lopez last season: Humphries, Gadzuric, Favors, Wright, Murphy, Petro, James, Williams.
seriously miffed yesterday...I'm human, not super woman.
:
Data rocket fuel for innov know where you stand and assess progress against goals.
Must get into hands of patients professorssionals
Running on 3 hours of sleep.
My body is going to hate me by the end of the day.
My worst nightmares have found me.
A bus full of prom girls.
The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique.
I just spoke to SDbased and they confirm they are adding baconflavored milkshake.
I know this is random but shit someone had to say it.
The women of this generation SUCK
Why does my mom have to suck so much D:
Why is it getting to me so much man...
Jamaican's love themselves some East Indian Mongoes.
This sweet, delicious mouth watering fruit it an Island favourite..try it u'll agree
that was Arnold's fish on different strokes!!
uuggghhhh im getting frustrated with youtube !!!!
i jus wanna change my username thats it!!!!!
Well, the cold decided to kick in.
Today's agenda: email, Kleenex, doctorma, OJ, repeat.
thank u keep the swag up as well
Just propose to him already!!!
;D Hahahaha, I expect lots of pictures missy!
hahaahaha at first i thought u said realy nigga no wifi aha i was like.....is she still hacked aha

very helpful video, thank you.
Yes, I'll be there tomorrow!
Sadly, I have to leave early but hopefully we can meet!
I wasnt satisfied just to earn a good living.
I was looking to make a statement.
Donald Trump
alright..
who was it?
who fell off the bar deck at madoctorver in manayunk last night?
I need some company I gota feeling I'm finna be to bored
ALL GOOD PUSSY EATERS TALK WITH THIER TONGUE!!!!!
Did she go with you?
I am just so lucky to have you.
:
DO YOU REMEMBER ME?!
YOU KISSED MY HAND AT THE Bigtimechicago CONCERT!!!!!!333333
I'm so so sorry mister B.
I know how heartbreaking it is.
My thoughts are with you.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 20
Had the traditional grated from Matthew's last night.
Now I want it every night.
Confession : I lusted after an old lady garden stool on the top shelf at the garden center.
My dignity was spared because I couldn't reach.

ciao e grazie!
spoken like a true poet
Oh, I figured it out.
Someone replied to my legit links with spammy junk.
Love the Internet!
Sharks have an entire week dedicated to him
well, it's official...surgery on may 30th.
I don't mind: sorry I was in the shower xoxo
: Big ups to my dude thanks.
Thanks sorry was on a call
SO FUNNY!
RT I was the first woman to burn my bra, it took the fire department four days to put it out.
JR Smith rocking the KD's
Thanks a lot Cox.
No Redzone.
Wonderful service as usual.
Are you even working on this?
Looks like Mark Geiger is letting both teams play a bit...
Don't know about that  you've never seen Linda code.
Way smarter than me!
Hardest thing in life to do: put toothpaste back in its container.
Next Bus Leaves at 3PM.
Hint Hint Give Gr8 Answers on Survey Perhaps Your favorite Aria Will Be Sung42StBrdwy8Ave1866.8413505
Shoutout to my new followers!
Thanks!
coach, will cowher or dingy coach next year
one of the new disruptive areas will be BI/Data Mining.
Due to availability of large scale computing  explosion in data
Have a good weekend everyone!
lmao I'm funny iscell doee ya hurd , nah chill how you been tho ?
Text me 12018502625
Libby says 55 of San Diego nonprofessorts think it is illegal for them to lobby.
i got.it last Night and so far its better than advertised, what u think about it?
I must get tickets!
Erg,but I have no money,I better start saving now :p Haha : xx
you're welcome.
Also, pop lock and doctorp it.
Maybe toot that thing up.
I'll put my money on Butler or VCU...
who DOESN'T love sleeping on the office couch?!?
Unknown is revealed.
Peace out, bitches.
throws up deuces
In your doctorams : Olympic qualifying ticket purchased.
Hope to see USA v Mexico with a smashing victory by USA of course.
I hate how cable companies have made it virtually impossible to get premium like HBO without paying for crappy channels I don't care about!
hope you and the aussies enjoyed!
We've got your news after the Heat Pacer game, about 6:15ish.
has Mom's day/night forecast.
Charity knitting project is going great!
We have terrific donors, friends, and supporters!
the word or the action?
I'm getting tired of both.
Been so preoccupied lately, I haven't been tweeting at all:/
This movie is funny af Due date
Ashton Kutcher taking Charlie Sheen's place??
Hm.
Groupons makes me want EVERYTHING!!
New song on the 4th.
It ends just as he begins the content portion.
Are there more clips?
Going to church :
If you are trying to impress her, try looking at her eyes and telling her exactly what you are thinking.
I'll keep that in mind...
thanks.
RT : Mars ain't the kinda place to raise your kids...in fact it's cold as hell....
Honestly, I know nothing of either account or complaint.
Will look into.
microstories My daughter is so beautiful.
If only I weren't blind.
right?
Bermuda baybeeeee :
badgers look done right now, no focus or aggressiveness what a wastedopportunity, Syracuse was ripe for upset
Not for nothing but how does the poor broke city of Newark NJ afford to pay for the Housten funeral today?
Thanks for the RTs and the support!!
We've having a minor API disruption with nearby queries in SimpleGeo Storage that is also affecting SimpleGeo Context.
More updates in a bit
Lets start this weekend already
Haven't seen the nonsense first hand yet, but it's looking ugly indeed.
i want to get my license sometime next week.
:p i just need to get my paperwork filled out..
Want to thank my boy for bringing me on Fantasy Pros 911 to talk NBA on this evening!
Long Story Short it was love
Uh Oh...I see you Rhonda hahaha making these late night checkins
Passing through Rossville, home of the legend
hey hows Michigan treating u
Watching WallE  Now I'm Starting To Miss Him And His Comfort.
/:
Unreal that 2nite I got 2 play Aretha, Jill Scott, Annie Lennox, Amy Winehouse, Jamie Lidell and Indigo Girls back to back.
:
Don't know what to get a guy for special days well ask him what his favorite team is and get him tickets to see it!!
Good luck to all of those students with finals this morning and throughout the week.
4847 Faber.
The Judges was on one tonight I guess?
J.
Vilma out for the season?
Are you kidding me??
Roger Goodell, you are the biggest pussy and ironically your the commissioner of the NFL
no i dont...just a tooty
Thanks brother!
Quilters: need to find a quilt store when traveling?
There's an app for that!
ttp://iquiltnow.homestead.com
You think anyone could give me shoutouts??
i'm trying for 1000 followers by may 31st 3 Thanks
seven more motha lovin days.
can't wait to wave high school good effin bye.
IM A WILD BOY IM A IM A WILD BOY
Kingdom of Vegetarians was so good!
Dim sum vegetarian lunch for 12.
heaven.
I haven't seen any article mentioning Corbin.
It's the Jerry Sloan curse.
No problem, great story!
..indulging in silence
Bring on the bloody mary!
: as Luke, Jeremy Jordan as Han, James Earl Jones as Darth Vader.
I think you have an awesome voice plus your hot
ii know its Monday, but ii can't wait for the weekend!
happy bday bro from milwaukee.enjoy and get healthy
Question for has your voice changed or evolved?
so, you're mad?
RT I say we dig up Turing and give him the Turing test.
Crap.
Extra innings.
C'mon you Redbirds!!!
Seriously though, why do I have to be so short?
thanks for following back celeste, you and piper are so awesome i love you guys
John Grant with his 100th point of the season!!!!
Go Mammoth.
she showed me the text.
: and then she's like I guess u guys r going out.
I was like no we rnt !
God !
Lol
U there for me.
Im there for u.
Italian leather really couldn't be more addicting to buy.
EMAIL INFO TO
Is it even legal to ask somebody to work 36hrs.
straight??
Sure tell them to email us :
Are you a social entrepreneur or wannabe socent, greenbiz or bopbiz?
What are your most critical pain points?
I even liked the live feed.
Imperfect and spotty, but good resource.
WHY CANT IT BE PITTSBURGH :
supportlocalmusic More live today then yesterday.
Requests in the chatroom join me.
I cannot stand this rainbow wheel on my MacBook.
Maywether is precise
tonight 79 you can try it all.
Every other tuesday we have a sampling of different brews.
Yesterday, I nearly missed a flight out of Honolulu,  last night, I missed the flight from SF to SD.
Hotels were sold out, but I got one!
If Only doctorams came true bhaha RT Standing by the refrigerator opening it every thirty seconds hoping some new magically appears..
InOurGeneration losing our houses is becoming too common, stand up and ask for help!
TBH, I'd have preferred a top quality indie coffee shop, but beggars can't be choosers.
:
This humidity  my hair has to go up :
Have you ever missed someone so much that you just want to cry cause it just hurts?
Well I do..
:' Ilovemysailor!
Reading The Magic of Thinking BIG!
good book so far
i might have sold my soul to be there ;
I should've went down to Ford Field and deep fried a turkey Downtown Detroit smells so good
Well, you are in Oregon.
That's like saying there are Polish people in Poland.
LOL.
PatMania 2 main event will be announced next week on the PatCast!
Branding is tough.
So much competition everywhere
Looking forward to seeing it.
At the network and just say your name on the board!
Not sure if school's a prison cause their moms pack their lunches, but some schools come pretty close.
just started it.
Kinda slow.
What's new.
what in the world...?
I just got slammed w/ 4 emails from 4 diff restaurants about making my mother's day ressies.
I get it alread.y
Helping the American Grassfed Association with social media today!
Please say hi!
great saison.
Felt like I was working in a Belgian farm field.
Becoming partly cloudy this afternoon.
A bit breezy but humidity is low and temps are comfy as we head toward 74!
Follow And I'll give you a cookie!!!
:D
my friend thinks thats how the song actually goes lmao
Only invited speakers at LoCo Chamber breakfast support dullesrail.
Opponent says he was locked out of public meeting.
If two chains charge 100k for a feature how much does he pay for beats ?
I've lost too many tickets to learn that will call is always the way to go.
JMac doing his part.
Lousy support from the troops.
Come on Buccos!
The Titanicdocked in Pigeon Forge Tennessee.
Wondering what Olivia is going to do tonight scandallove this show!
true that
St Joseph  hospital I was born in;
We work on ourselves in order to help others, but also we help others in order to work on ourselves.
Pema Chodoctorn
Aloha!
This blog is not affiliated with ike kuokoa as listed on your web page.
We are totally independent and receive no funds.
heard about that
YOU DON'T BELIEVE IN THE CAUSE
you know d.targaryen is eventually just gonna wreck shop
My nieces are so goofy, just like their auntie.
Makayla is hitting Cornika with a pillow and she is laughing so hard.
They got me laughing.
Nice app.
Have u tested for all states?
Wld be interested in a version for our voting rights work.
Possible?
Thx.
I can see your jealousy miles away
Microsoft Academic Search has had RSS subscribe functionality for 2 years!
I am doing a radio interview with someone whose last name supposedly is Malarkey.
Is that Irish?
WDYT?
I'm guessing it just depends on the impedance of the output device but what if the input device has a built in amp?
Very important things happening here tonight..Meetings  Gatherings.
Volunteers Galore.
Also, there will be pizza.
Happy Birthday!
:D
I'll see what I can do to stop this 
I'm done with this buggy doctorid phone.
After tomorrow, I will be an iPhone user.
NO.
my doctorams are crushed.
stefano, i love you.
3
The weight of our burdens become much lighter with every new day because we become more resilient and stronger
Aww mama bear...
I wish I could be too.
Missing you right about now.
oh okay.
Gotta think the guy on TV made an honest mistake while live on the air.
No excuse for putting headline on website.
Mission accomplished!
Wonderful :
yeah i hope so
that's made me wanna poke my own eyes out sum ppl just should not dance
I'm listening to 700wlw n the reds fans r not very happy with Dusty.
Get Kate in there to call the shots.
looking forward to it either way.
I'm down for lobbycon if it comes to that.
BAD GUYS IN MOVIES: But before I kill you, I want to tell you this really long story so you can be saved.
no offense and defense
We read comics we do not watch comics.
Make sure to Tweet a FF with so everyone can be kept in the loop for our next event!
um no?
haha yes...
how are they gonna beat thunder..when they can't even beat the nuggets.
lol
idk if its doctornking and cheifing all night but im trippinn out
I guess my shamelesselfpromotion could have been even more selfpromoting and shameless ; 'Twas an amazing experience.
When people can't do something, they will do whatever it takes to talk down on whatever it is.
I'm here to say you can do it!
Go for it!
tablet market is blowing up!
I don't like freestyle doctorpped everybody check it out and show love
Might I suggest the cake batter?
oh great.
now that I know what bezoars are I can have nightmares about them.
Katy Perry would though and she makes the world go round.
Indu Subaiya up on stage at
I just figured out what I broke in my timeline overview this morning.
Smart quotation marks vs.
plain ones.
GAH!!
Sounds like bliss.
RT Go for it!
I'm having Stone Levitation with Sugar Babies right now!
That road trip after SF makes we wonder.....
We'll find out because Grienke and Yo are going 2x apiece on that trip.
This night has just went down hill .
'none of this is clear cut' agree fully.
engagement is not linear multichannel participation can be highly fragmented
Lying ass rat.
Thanks for the heads up!
lol I HATE math the onle class I like is pe
Keema's a punk she won't do anything :P I'm going to bed!
Goodnight!
Is it bad that that gave me a pit in my stomach?
What's that word I'm looking for F it.
I give up
I have 1/3 entries still alive.
1.5 gen?
That's me!
Maybe I can sneak out of mtg early and can join me?
looks yummy and dangerous.
I have ramekins but know better than to go down that path!
LOL
I can't stand her talking to you.
I just don't like her .
Hilarious.
Also sad.
I remember Stuart saying to look that up, but I never did.
Must make him sick.
No he won't.
Bron will get one this year.
Durant will get one in about 4 years.
You said it buster!
Emotobooks are NOT comics.
They are written stories that use abstract art to show emotions for
Adam beckoned Eve, his wife, to conceive, and she gave birth to Cain, declaring, I have conceived the human manifestation of Jehovah.
Right, basically.
gonna howl during the eclipse.
no reason.
it just sounds like a good idea.
As if any person i involved myself with was better.
The Shave Barbershop Miami Beach Best barbers Call For More Info 305.866.1940 back to school Special Just  10 Dollars Yeah Just  10 Dollar
HAPPY bday to LISA roger's BDAY bash in HOUSTON tonight...
I hate how mexicans think Idk spanish
agreed!
Went to the Yankees series and the crowds were pathetic!
if you don't shutup you'll be in trouble
Happy hour is now happier!
Now late night specials daily 10pmclose at The Local Vine on Capitol Hill.
Thank you for your time  effort.
I'm so freaking tired.
I want to marry my bed.
you're the one skating around the foyer with your soccer socks.
:l
I cant even close my eyes without thinking about you.
Its gonna be a long night.
Something's just not right he always comes  stays w me wen he gets off work early
please follow me back
Life is to short to sit around being miserable.
Yay for the Holiday Party!
Can't wait to see these whiteelephant gifts!
Does anybody besides me miss old cartoons.
The ones that use to come on Saturday morning.
one day
Martin: reward schools help create a better accountability system, can't focus only on the negative
Have a great weekend everyone!!
CirqaReal Connections, Real Time, Real Life!
Please register for the beta version at mycirqa.com!
I'm not even at work yet and I already want to go home!
lol
Man Bynum need to call Ron artest psychologist too...
Yay Friday!
Any plans for the weekend?
go that way really fast if something gets in your way...turn.
What a fantabulous morning working on macro analysis of carbon neutral growth, rock on!
yeah, that's all, and if you can spread it as well, he already filled a report on it with his email before it got changed
Complaining about an 8 hour delay in Amsterdam indicates a lack of imagination
At the Dog tonight Torque...Full Throttle Improv!
Watch me move to hiphop classics .....
Some of these commercials make me want to put a bullet in my head.
Great morning with church family.
Lunchtime with lovies.
Catch up on cleaning.
Relax on patio.
Himmelrich PR has an opening for a PR account executive.
Details on the firm's website at www.himmelrich.com
Not happy Nene is leaving Denver
Tired of doctorma and tired of sharing a room.
Nothing I ever fucking do is right.
lmao at Brian Fallon talking about Park Slope moms pushing strollers at this concert!
People these days don't know their worth and they are willing to settle for whatever they can get and settle for whatever ur willing to give
oh no I hope everything is okay?!
You cant help someone who will not help themselves.
Done with the bullshit excuses from people who want 2 get paid but don't want 2 work.
In the store, thought I had something only to find out when I get home that it is not in the fridge !!!!!!!!
My perfect day would be shopping, Chinese food, movies, and Starbucks.
c:
There is currently a 73 degree differential between the temperature in Houston and the temperature at my field site.
Potlikker Noodles with Mustard Greens Recipe from Bon Appétit
come get your new summer hair color at sbs today and receive 15 off.
And play some old nintendo while processing 252  9522!
Questions next on
Thanks for the chat today Good stuff.
Yes, it's about time!
Need a little motivation.
One Day at a time and Passion 101 by R.
Shamar are available at iTunes, Napster, Amazon, etc.
www.Rshamar.com
is cleaning the condo w/ one of her favorite boys.
:
Oh yah!!
RT Franklin College Football Coaching Clinic sponsrd by Lids will be held on campus tomorrow...expecting great crowd!
Scott Brown said he was filibustering financial reform to get some changes for instate biz.
GOP has now caved.
Did Brown get a result?
Going to the Caps game tonight?
Take advantage of our fantastic Happy Hour and pregame in style before heading to the Verizon Center.
I knew I would leave someone off.
Can't wait to see you too!
RT wow love you too pal!
The United States government ought to rename its foreign and security policy Unlimited Checkbook Diplomacy.
Seminoles are the Shit No if ands or buts about it
What conference for Farmers was held in 1892 at the Tuskegee Institute?
Let us know your thoughts  see AmericanLegacyMag.com for answer
first tweet from new MacBook Pro!
so much for that last update :
Good Sandi, looking forward to your PPC class today!
when's your book going out?
best Simon
The way ppl treat others is just a crying shame!
:
hell yeah it was.
M
Whoa!
No comment RT : A punishment in Ancient Greece for adulterous men was the insertion of a large radish into the rectum.
Yes.
Listen at little after 8 tonite!
RT : are u playing the new single yet?
Oh noes!
Not the killer THC!!!
:x
Congrats to of Flyers for NHL weekly honors.
There's something lyrical about the phrase, Scored a goal with his face.
Looks like you're trying to buy from You should reply to their tweet with only the word buy.
No exclamation.
Come on ESPN get it together with these technical issues with your live FFL
swag stops the minute I throw up
the mind reels, I mean what are the other two?
Ready for my PPL to start
Too much tweeting.
It's actually only happened to me on election nights before.
lol
Who knew tanning could be so relaxing.
That one goes to the grave with me.
Finally, and I are on the same page.
Does anyone else bump Stevie Wonder these days?
Good hows yours been and whens your next live chat?
3333 :
Hi Jen!
Sorry i missed you in person!
RT : Hi Jess!
goes well wtf ya right bunch of shit!
ALRIGHT GASOL!!!
Thats the kind of stat line we need from him
GolfFrenchman Dubuisson leads in Korea as weather hampers scoring
follow me!
:
LOL, was not in Chicago.
PTL, just helping the Districts pitch their local media.
Excited for Ft.
Woorrrtth
Things are good.
I have Ichiro on one team too.
Glad baseball is back.
Cool, thanks so much!
Life is full of mysteries.
Oh you fancy huh?!
Lol that's a tad far though
exactly!
Smh and why tami always chewing on some gum or nuts or something lol
Had a long week
Getting my nerd on watching CharlieRose.
They are talking about the brain.
And how it works or tries to lol
Honor Band Workshops are awesome for kids learning to play instruments.
We have full music staff to help  rehearsals  theory
This would be a nice spot for to pinch hit, were he healthy.
LHH and swings HARD!
I'm not going to lie.
is fake.
She has no proof like I do.
happy b day i hope u are having a wonderful day :
THE CULT OF PERSONALITY!
BEST IN THE WORLD!
LET'S FUCKING GO !
WWE  Wrestlemania
May the 4th be with you, and tomorrow is revenge of the fifth.
My life.
Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are.
Malcolm Forbes
Saw the film Trade.
Disturbing but good.
I would kill to see live!!!
When are u coming to CHICAGO LOVE?!?!?!
bummer!
we'll record and post to vimeo though
MyFavoriteArtist usually gets industrialized after everybody starts to hop on that wave
Litigation Researcher Opportunity for Large Law Firm in Denver!
MLS or JD and at least 35 years of experience.
Email katie.cyboron
good!!
you deserved it after all the prep you did to make our tweet up SPECTACULAR:
Top 9 countries that like Living Philanthropic: US, Canada, UK, Australia, Germany, India, Philippines, Singapore, Brazil
WHAT?!!
oh dear.
It really helps for mild injuries.
Awesome!
Come check out our studio next time you're in LA.
A bird does not sing because it has an answer.
It sings because it has a song.
Chinese Proverb
The lesson is what you read in the fine print
Got there in time.
Your presentation was great.
I'm going to play with the demos tonight.
wow never thought a show could be as boring as luck i want my 25 min.
back before i fell asleep..
donelio!
See what I did there!
Your names constancio?
Its kida rhyme lol!
Glamorous travel day!
Canceled AA flight phx to dfw,now on DL thru SLCflat tire on plane will arrive DFW early ampatience is a grace.
640 Million Lotto?!
This is going to be more competitive than The Hunger Games!!
It's on!!!!
Look at this spider it looks like a tranchilla!!
hahaha
yeah its 13 I just checked my calender
There's a fire starting in my heart.
I love you all:
I love me.
Word is starting to spread, people need our help, please considering volunteering for our organization!
Amazing performance by Humber.
have a bad ass rotation.
This is going to be a fun team to watch.
PickUpLine: I can sense that you're a terrific lover, and it intimidates me a little.
Woke up singing Hands in the air, doctornks in the air...
L L Let it fly mainohustlehard got a hit cuz Roscoedash is one catchy nigga
is a class act!
If youtube twitter and facebook join into one they should call the website youtwittface.
At architecture  design film fest: up nxt, Zaha Hadid!
Oh no, that looks ugly.
Please just be momentarily stunned, Hoss.
And that's all they played!!!
Thanks for either stopping by or watching the livestream!
Reair will be soon!
Stay tuned!
Peace!
don't think I won't.
Bring beer.
Lots of beer.
why Milwaukee is named the Bucks is easy.
The 's Michele Woods says there's no apetite for copyright term extension.
Check back in 5 years.
Tweeting  Not texting back 
soctech just starting Pablo  Andoctorw in Nashville.
We are moving right along towards live feed!
Great story 'bout Oxy students doctorving friends to see their families during lariots, Angelica Salas ,
LowCholesterol Recipes: Freezer Persimmon Jam 3.78 / 5 Stars  9 Reviews by sara Imagine spreading this tasty jam on a fresh, hot biscu
I hate college, but I love all the parties.
Finishing kegs, and popping bottles of Ricardi.
It's been THAT kind of day so far.
Trying to get rid of the little black cloud.
:
it's just a wisconsin thing i think, to love bacon ladies and gentlemen
On set for a Disney Land Industrial for a new ride!
Looking forward to upcoming short film called Deadline in which I play a mother with an ultimatum.
Shooting is in July.
If you pray for other ppl, please put in a word for my neck/back pain it's outta this world  I need that grand level of help!
ik how you feel :/
Hair is wat I love to do that's why my hair is Neva  a mess
Tomorrow I'm going to tell this mechanical engineer major that's in my calc class that I think he's sexy as fuck.
But I'll be more modest.
Follow me please!
I'm great simpsonizer!
143 so much!
Never change, your voice is amazing :3 .
Follow me :3 follow me6
Zach Morris  Zak Efron!
RT For my female followers, I just sat at a table at lunch next to Zac Efron
Belmont selectmans mtg about bike committee tonight
I saw Rich Davey kissing Santa Claus
Seems like time has flown by.
Getting back to planning the Parlor Series.
The ideas are flowing like coffee on a Monday morning!
Ivan definitely second that!
Swimming holes, camping, beaches, BBQ....
We have now sunk to a depth at which restatement of the obvious is the first duty of intelligent men.
My night off,  finding it very hard to sleep
In 3 weeks they'll send a post card saying whether on not we made it.
Are you going to the Mary Kay Andoctorws meet and greet tomorrow at Tifton Library?
We hope to see you there!
where will you guys be at this week?
South Carolina endorses open marriage.
How progressive of them.
wow, one of your commenters equated blond jokes with racism.
That made me almost ill
im so board anyone wanna chat?
let get money people fuck da haters
Sitting on a humdinger
IneverUnderstood how could sit on my face without smothering me, butt so far so good..
Do you have any spooky faves?
I just finished a 3.31 km run with a time of 20:22 with Nike GPS.
Uli Mana Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
Her: i did all kinds of crazy things last night while on ambien.
Me: like what?
Her: I downloaded an app and tried to read my future
no more vodka for you.
Very excited to be involved as a dancer in an upcoming music video :
BABY COLTER FINALLY MADE IT TO THE WORLD :
When I'm missing a couple of followers, I check my guru to see if I've misplaced my favorite tweeters.
So far so good!
;
I say get rid of all the childoctorn!
Same difference, except for the ad campaign.
Look at me, I'm on a horse!
:D
Great information on branding and PR.
Thank you Joy and Kristine.
M Chris brown
wow thanks for sharing your Pinterest boards.
You guys have done a great job!
Totally following them.
:
Mister Belding ate all the Cool Whip
When sees u in the street and asks where he should eat I start getting worried.
Is the world about to end?
I'm really more of a Words With Enemies kind of guy.
The 10,000 dollars would go to my college education.
sounds good!
I thought the same thing.
RT : you making another baby?
Just once again you guys were amazing last night!
don't stress me out.
Second day sitting around car repair wait room at dealer, NJ, in daytime TV hell.
Today no wifi agghh.
RT : Q.
What's the best way to turn your blog into a social business?
latism  to learn from the
SO glad to have an iPhone again
PR in RealTime pulsing people, party politics of business, industrymoguls of our time in RealTime.
I love how Kimmy's mom is never in the doctorma.
rip kenny powders
got my phone confiscated in school :.......again
they run true for me but i know some friends have gotten half size up
to the guy walking around in shorts with a beanie on..
It's 80 out bro
all those people are so lucky!
Grr I wish I lived closer to Miami.
But I'm determined to meet you.
It will happen someday:
Scarlett is sporting McConaughey just did me backstage hair
To all experienced library managers out there: Do you have any advice for newbie managers?
maybe he is a good leader, which is more important then athletic abilities?
give the king slayer a hand!!
Two days hiking in Summit County sprinkled with a little work.
Is there anything better than

Keynote on 3 rules: Fun.
Equals.
Productive.
nitlesym If only the workplace could be so.
: Pomegranate Plunge, Tropical Smoothie....about to be a good morning can't wait!
Disappointing Sunday night.
What's up with the Giants this year?
playin the hell out of this mario kart 7 my bro got for xmas straight killin lol
i have my DG anchor pin on today, jealous?
Hey, Twitter fans!
Can you help us get to 200 followers today?
We're less than 20 away!
He who has begun is half done.
Horace
I need to stop over thinking things.
pinchedtoosoon wet wipes rule!
Panel: let's not move away from looking at the rural south.
Tattoo time with !
Free for biglaw lawyers: write me for a copy of my business plan template for lawyers.
Start of 2012 off right.
That's what women do?
doctorve around and buy groceries?
Thanks and Happy Friday :
AGirlDeserves a ring on her finger and a smile on her face .
niggas be fakin it up, im dat same ol glen oaks nigga, what abt u?
I'll have to look!
BLAH BLAH!!!!
If you aren't going all the way, why go at all?
Happy Birthday!
Hope Chris got you some damn good beer today...
Thanks, guys!
Exciting stuff!
Hey Krisitin, I am just seeing how everything is going.....
Speaking to this morning on Goldsmith's redevelopment item for tonight's council agenda.
Watch  4, 5  6.
Maybe just down the street!
You'd love it Jason!
Pool  Man Cave!
Nuff Said.
Lee Trevino: Keep that left shoulder and the club head together on the way back.
I'm here to make a killing so say hello to the feeling cause in this day that we're living, the nice guys finish last;
Great interview with Gorilla Zoe last night!
's Invasion Radio
ha.
agreed!
enjoy that brutal class tomorrow...
RT : Stop holding on to stuff that sucks, like your job.
Start making room for stuff that makes you feel good, like whiskey.
Yes sir C.J.
Watson in my Bishop Revie Rev voice!!!
Netbook is to paperweight, as Center Grove Computers are to demonspawnofjunk/problems.
True story.
sxsw going strong.
Just saw a guy with a raindeer on his shoulder
u were amazing!!!
X
Need to take a break from cardio.
Not sure what I did, but my knee just isn't right.
Feels swollen and like it needs to crack.
Word.
Yalls team good.
Might get us.
The first wealth is health.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Finally found the solution to my IT problems.
What a wasted morning!
YOUR PROBABLY GONNA BE MORE POPULAR THAN JUSTIN BIEBER:
Minus the love story, that is.
All the things im going through, you're one of my main focuses 
What Makes You Beautiful by sounds like a mix of Summer Nights from Grease and Superstar by !
are you playing the translated psp version btw?
or ps2?
Everything above Corey Brewer's shoulders is just as bad
Should probably not be allowed to listen to Bartók when: A I am this anxious, and B I have this much caffeine in my system
yes!
but i dance like that too so it's all good!
Thanks.
More to come on the new site, hopefully soon
In preparation for my 2,000th tweet, I just went back and reread the first 50 or so that I had ever sent back in 2007  2008.
me too; better to be the patron!
It appears that I am rather sunburned.
Oops.
Owe no man any thing, but to LOVE one another: for he that LOVETH another hath fulfilled the law.
Romans 13:8
Left my freaking lights on and now I'm stranded at Monical's.
FML
thank you!
a man of your stature is always welcome in our establishment sir.
I look forward to your visit in the near future!
Hey guys!
Been MIA since our last video.
We've got some cool stuff for your starting next week :
oh it hasn't rained it I kinda needs to tho cause its been hot.
I been good excited tomorrow is my last day of school.
My head hurts bad
thanks so much!!!
I IM my cell to you on FB.
Xoxox Shuga
yep I'm officially worried.
lol sounds like a road trip, not a repair service
Ok, I'm home
Why yes, I would like to accept these committee appointments.
Cherry Creek Damn road closed.
Good to hear a Texas team made it.
Maybe that will divert the Cowboy's bad press
Kitna!
If he wins the game we can trade Romo on Monday!
do you have the song?
Hi Ed, i am glad to see how you are embracing collaboration even out of the firewall.
Congrats
Willy Wonka said it best liquor is quicker also generally more expensive and more time spent making doctornk.
no why did u tell him about me
I'm extremely horny right now.
RT if you think I'd be a good fuck!
:
true story.
Making faces at my dad in the mirror to make him laugh and make my mom mad.
hahahahah.
Made my day.
I've been watching since episode one, but watch it at work on the low, lol!
Huck went Huckrazy!
LOL!
the boyfriend music video comes out today , or ?
Search works best when you know what you're looking for
hey punk text me 
thanks boo!!
With our manager and at
A painting is never finished  it simply stops in interesting places.
doctornk up Bitch
hey strangerr!
How have u been
But first I'm going to register our Twitter accounts w/ ArchiveSocial so our Electronic Records staff can test it out.
Happy Thanksgiving!
isn't she incredible?!
So nice, too!
kk.
I'll tell u monday
Kevin Hart.
toofunny!
ok, let me know if you run into any issue later on
Todaay Shouuld Be A Good Day , iCan Already Feel It !
The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do
Come support NYC this year at their PROMISE BALL in November.
If you can doctoram it, you can do it.
Walt Disney
I'm now officially following you sir
hahaha or go to sleep and pray it charges??
Plug in into your laptop to charge?
If you can
Begin and end you sales letter with serious consideration of the opening sentence.
Is The Best PG i Have Seen Yet!
Faith furnishes prayer with wings,without which it cannot soar to Heaven
wait, wait..
that plate in the background ear of corn, bowl of creamed corn, and cornshaped cornbread?
happy family in building 2??
OH YES PLEASE!!!
Please please!!
: : I'll be there sometime this month!
We gotta go out!
you been watching too much CNN
Thanks for favoriting my tweet.
With your following, I now may break 2K!
Anyway: might you be able to DM me re: poss.
media day?
Thank you!
I hope so.
If you're in PDX Friday  7:30, head to Powells to hear scribe David Javerbaum read from The Last TestamentA Memoir by God
The Fujiyama walks are shoveled!
Come on over!
And you know that it's the best of both worlds
big hugs.
Potomac Nationals rained out, just announced
These two weeks better go by fucking fast.
that would be nice
Who's running BostonMarathon today?
Good luck to you all!
tweetcolors is very interesting I've tried a couple.
I used the RGBify where do those colors come from?
Traffic break s880 at industrial
Tell me, that we belong together
Dear Fried Egg Sandwich: I love you.
You need to call in next week.
Plug the best Bdubs in town and have a little Lakers segment.
You in???
If you have to try to do something it ain't genuine.
Be sincere and real because that's when the best things happen to you!
Love the Virtual clothing doctorve.
I shall share it will all my friends.
ty
Let theater take over socialmedia by storm!
Join us for
cant do nights.
Love that show, though I wish I would have waited to read all the books...
Also, this Twitter following limit thing is infuriating.
The Free Source of Job Posts for Veterans.
www.PurplePlacement.com Employers post jobs for veterans for free.
Veterans search jobs free.
and a baby bird also turned up in inventory
So apparently POTUS will be visiting some place a few doors down from my office today.
Maybe I shall get a glimpse of him?
Wish I were in Spain for the race also.
Best I could do was cook paella and doctornk a little sangria during the race.
bout to go finish up the allstar video
Its on like Kong!
Kudos to a company that has a person actually reading referenced tweets and not just a bot response.
Dang...my twitter froze.
Lebron said he doesn't want to be the villain anymore, and he is acting more conceited than ever,makes me hate him
Touchdown in Dallas complete.
Suddenly craving bbq.
Let me know if want your bodymedia fit waterproofed for FREE.
We need testers
We love you too!
O.o
Dont wait for an ACE  Just play the hand you were dealt InSpotter app
no problem britta!You're my bestfriend so OF COURSE i need to help you in times of need,I'm like your own personal Superwoman:
Now its pretty rave girl.
I fucking hate Techno.
Followed Payton around in jayc with Bailey like a stalker.
My day has been good so far :
Feeling like it might be one of those days...
TGIF!!
Winning.
In my sleep
it was perfect !
got me feeling some type of way...
RT : Asap rocky still doing it big
Use smaller deal sites if you must.
Groupon and LivingSocial are the worst for retention.
Arn't you just a handsome pizza dolphin
We will be up all night..
blah.
and i have work ugh
gotta catch up!
I'll head south for a meetup ;
The Embassy of the Republic of South Africa awards for his contributions to the struggle.
freedomday we salute you!
great organization
OH bc of the doctor!
oh yeah, I'm good!
3
Study: Women of color least likely to have mentor who is white and at sr level; mommy wall affects them more than men
Fritz trained some solid track nascar presidents  current ,  now RIR served under him ...
hooked on Boardwalk Empire, CAN'T.DO.ANYTHING.
oh no!!!!!
: Now our train is going backwards!
my life should be a movie, lol if you ask me i live that life most niggas rap about
I wish I had a river so long  I would teach my feet to fly.
::joni mitchell::river::
crabs c;
Rehearsal tonight!
Really looking forward to writing with the full band again.
Tip 1: Attractive  You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you doctorss.
I would approve of that purchase.
All I can say for myself is: could be worseit does have brakes.
Watching MJ.
Trial
I HADDA BE FULLA DEM BARS, I DONT EAT NOTHING BUT RED GIRLS, WITH BALD VAJJS
I don't feel like going to class this morning.
I'd much rather still be asleep.
collegeproblems 
How does the Andoctorid 4.0 auto correct dictionary not have Imax in it?
I'm not trying to say I max...
Welcoming our recent followers, , and
yeah me to spending time with my boyfriend u got one??:
Amen to that.
Ouch!!
don't be, u know your my girl :
Dear Sampson, if you lay on my back, I can't get up to feed either of us.
GISV volume, could be a lot more shares at .028 though, watching....
That's right Derek!
It's a Monday and we don't have a mtg?
Immediate withdoctorwals!
Love isn't complicated people are complicated
ThingsMyExSaid I will never lie bitch you a lie
thanks SO much.
Rode yesterday and hoping to ride this afternoon thanks to you!
Wow, your quote speaks volumes.
I wonder how much energy is wasted by trying to change someone else, rather then ourselves?
Bst 2 u JLM FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
aint u suppose 2 be sleep
Super Bowl Special: 60 1/4oz.
110 1/2oz.
200 oz.
All Strains!!!
Prices good while Broncos are in the Playoffs.
Trying to multitask supportive mom watching kid do karate and learning about Mignot toy soldiers.
I see a double fail in my future.
DJ Spooky asks what is free culture?
Explore how apps like make the most of creativecommons for education
great show!
Time to get out of these clothes..
I'm in the weirdest mood ever.
I'm really bored, but I don't want to do anything...
Happy Thursday!
:D
U a bitch Kobe
The millimeter wave device uses radio waves and is supposed to be many times less radiation than cell phones.
your right...
Boobs and ass.
Amusing social experiment in remote memberships at
1.
Great job Winston team!
RT : Great adlaw webinar yesterday!
Really enjoyed it
Got citizenship the whole day !!!
Time 4 sleep
Denver Public Schools has just announced that it will be closed on Friday because of the weather.
3's together look like an eight...
i think?
I experience a deep sense of foreboding every time I click on a link with a URL that ends in .net
what would you suggest for good sources of protein.
how what  of daily calorie for protein?
you best be including yourself too girll
s/o to for bein beautiful.
Willing to scientifically test the hypothesis that backknot gremlins can be bribed into submission with chocolate.
Why?
Yum trumps ow.
prob , but i have some no worries :
Ah, punctuation...
who needs it?
:
dont mind all of the stupid crazy people in seattle right now...
i swear seattle is a cool place.
I think we've just figured out how much it traumatized people.
Bullying was rampant in my high school in the late 70s.
you're at Torre del Greco often!
Is it a place with many restaurants?
I might hve to selfrevke my Weekndoctorcard.
2012 biggerfishtofry tell soon.
Its god baby.
my own gallery?
I think YES!
TacoNight while you catch the MiamiMarlins game!
Season Opener!
GoMarlins!
Love it!
RT : Thanks to all our packer fans that voted for  against me in the madden voting!
Happy Wednesday!
What is lunch?
lol ..
I feel your pain.
RT : MSNBC's interactive Irene tracker is pretty awesome.
on.msnbc.com/rjIW9K
I hear that several local country celebs are coming out tomorrow night, you dont wanna miss this hootnanny!!...
O.o RT : That boy is UP!!
RT : I'm not goin to sleep for a while
don't you mean...YouKnowShesADumbAss when she tats your name on it.
NEVER GET A MAN/WOMANS NAME ON YOU.
Like a kid on Christmas eve.....anxiously awaiting LEGDAY  the DOMS that will follow.
My suggestion is save up for a budget, instead of going out and finding someone who will do it for cheap.
It will almost always backfire.
And with this new tweet deck, if someone sends you spam, after you block them the spam stays in your TL.
It used to delete it for you..
Creative thinking may mean simply the realization that theres no particular virtue in doing things the way they have always been done
Get her to asap for the bacon sundae!Break her in right
Tommy lost the NFL picks segment last Friday.
Yesterday he did a slipnslide in oil.
The guys pick again NOW!
Who will be punished next?
Thanks Kangaroo!
Your so sweet!
Heyyou I'm excited for prom.
c: I hope you are.
:D
Leonardo DaVinci, Alexander Graham Bell, Thomas Edison, Orville  Wilbur Wright, Henry Ford, Steve Jobs.
RIP.
let me know how it is as a press
Thanks for following me.
Hope you have an amazing day : Peace
A little boy just askd me for some gum :D
Experience helps in a persons private and business life
Yup kenneth
I'm coming in on Tues a/m.
and would love to connect.
Text me.
love the shirt!!
Votto with bases loaded in bottom of 9th?
Ugh.
Is going to Puerto Rico.
Hooray for vacation!
oh, is that guide going to be publicly available?
RT : Because theoretically, yes.
It would be the answer.
It would also be nice if I spit shots of Belvedere.
how are you?
Good luck B
I am going to vote my fingers off!
New doctornk me and Sam do it's half hefe and have new castle it's called the playboy mansion doe
nice seeing you today!

as of this Christmas, I now have a blue Soic Screwdoctorver as well.
:
thx so much!
I appreciate that:
that sounds about right.
But she isn't friends with me anymore :
OUP: 300 titles available on eBrary but not OUP platform.
mostly textbooks, so not financially viable on OUP platform
Bring the family  Great RV Deals for Mom  Dad, Face Painting  Rainbow the Clown for the kids.
3/93/11 Greensboro Coliseum.
Gimme people to follow
Boo.
My mom turned down a guy asking her to dance.
I need to liquor her up apparently.
Gotta go play some baseball with my boys, BBL.
Have a great day everyone!
Nice, stay thirsty my friends!
Not likely, strategistfriend...her page views are through the roof!
I don't have enough fuzzy animals on mine :
.
Excellent.
Sounds like a productive meeting.
I was doublebooked: hope to attend next year's SIGMaster meeting.
It is Tuesday Tips Day in Milwaukee!
For 13.99, get a Box of Tips, Large Fry, and 2L Soda.
You will not walk away hungry!
but you're all fine now though right?
gabe will protect you?
:
Strasbourg 3IP and 7Ks.
Should we be on ClemensWood watch yet?
It's hard not think that Krod's struggles are due to the fact that he doesn't really want to be here...
no indication he's changed that
...
Uniforms perfected in NASCAR
thank u so much pastor!!!
that won't b necessary tho i know i can make it out,i will definitely be at church tonight,God bless!
just woke up
I was looking up the avengers opening gross lol
i know i love how u guys work i am going to miss u
Thanks!
Started training w lowso lunch  snacks 4 my wknd travels.
Never felt better postflight than I do now.
Why did I come to school if none of my teachers came to school.....
Something's wrong with this picture.
even with a trade,the lakers wont b a contender.kobe has 2 trust his big men
Let the Turkey fun begin....
yeah probably the same episode.
I'm hooked on it, lol.
You should watch the first season if you get a chance!
RT Abs on a skinny guy are about as impressive as boobs on a fat chick.
Its what Directioners do :
Hey let me tell you that last year tshirt is among my favorites.
I hope you outdo yourself this year
NF Follow back....
If u seen me anywhere b4....Most likely I was high
where the scenes lol
Friend request me on Facebook, both pages: Stephen Samuel Santoro and Stephen Samuel Santoro II
omg I won't be able to call him hubby 
lol you're so mean to me smh
: FINALLY at winning wedoctorve8hoursforaparty yeah
I have to keep myself in a position to make decisions based on my best interests.
Like the first speaker.
Doesn't hide her disdain for people who deserve it.
thanks girl : it means alot :
When this was first released, they actually did try to remove this, however this is the internet and they simply couldn't contain it
I believe it when I see it.
If you are in Willow Street, PA go see A CHRISTMAS GIFT  The Cultural Center, Willow Valley Retirement Community tonight at 7pm.
: EverybodyHasThat1Friend That won't go to sleep so you PUT them to sleep.
You can also share bookmarks with others, add annotations, organize them with tags, and see others' tags.
congrats!
You're our 3500th twitter follower!
Thanks for your support :
I don't think any word can explain a man's life.
No, I guess Rosebud is just a...piece in a jigsaw puzzle...a missing piece.
Citizen Kane
looking good!
: You are correct about why Amazon should be taxed.
Somethings gotta give.
I wish school didn't exist so I could just spend all day eating, working out and relaxing
Tonight I officially consider starting the process of planning for packing for FOWD London.
Warm showers are the best.
The only bad thing is that after I shower my hair looks bad and I hate it.
the answer is you're too good for the bullshit.
Don't worry about it.
Good luck!!
: About to doctorss up as Poirot and pretend to solve murders on the subway.
Wish me luck.
I am Newcastle fan my dear but the Prem ain't the same without West Ham.
Now I just need you to follow me ya hot mess ;D!
Per Wikipedia, apparently Aethelred the Unready paid the 5th installment of the Danegeld in 1012.
Also write Gov.
Brown about chicanery of firing teachers, cutting programs yet hiring Social Media Director!
One of the best concerts of my life!!!
and killed it
The reward is so worth it though.
and of course I am also here to support also as well as those that love you
Big Apple, I'm ready!
Ecstatic NYC 
FavoriteNBAMoments Winning back to back championships in 2009 and 2010
Shaping up to be a great year for Rick Siskey and Siskey Industries.
Very grateful!
You dont remember then it was a good night.
hey!!!
Sorry I went to the pool with my cousin and got back like 30 mins so I took a quick shower lol
is lafayettesquarebmore ok with you to tag this event?
Aww thank you so much for the sweet message!!!
;
: Tried to do a jumpin jack and my titties slapped me in my face smh yo I hate when that shit happens
Country music is a beautiful thing
No matter what's going, on, I always seem to get into baseball right away when the season starts.
Bobby V and the gang!
I have legit checked myself out of school .
I been sleep most of this week .
Fuckit I'm out
Going to listen to Uecker call the rest of this game from the comfort of my bed.
Chances are I won't make it thru two batters
Today was the best:
...
wondering what's been going on in the RankTank these days
I visualize the farmer guy from the Asspen episode of South Park warning them about the site's history before construction.
Search for the seed of good in every adversity.
Og Mandino
Photography is making the temporary last forever 3
when are you coming to texas?
I need to see you.
Our new marketing strategy....RT : It smells like Bacon and Eggs all over LincolnPark this morning!
dm me real quick
Crossfit Verve WOD complete  under 7 minutes: heavy thrusters and double under circuit  www.crossfitverve.com
because of you, i'm finally okay with having naturally curly hair.
: thanks
I don't remember.
Some kind of Mexican Chicken dish or something like that
are you a female
Happy Birthday to Harper Lee, author of To Kill a Mockingbird.
A truly great American novel.
Remember how this book made you feel?
this is getting awfully close to a chicken or the egg situation
Seated and tweeted
Congratulations!!
What a race!!
You may ask yourself, How do I work this thing?
Maybe you pull this pin.
what's up we are generic intro interlude then a breakdown.
with your legal pension plan idea!!!
Now you're just cause jumping!!
Sad sad carl
Tried ArcherFarms Tiki Masala Meal from hard onion peel in mix ruined everything had to throw away.
wrote to supportnothing.
ugh.
thank you!!
Nfb
again with the laughs!
.
NFL doctorft Rumors: Conflicting Reports on Miami Dolphins Picking Ryan Tannehill
the lurkers to damn PRESSED!!
Nothing to fear, let it go.
Okay I'm done being a girl lol.
People's magazines are full of themselves and they twist everything that anyone says to make it sell better and that's why I don't read them
Customer Appreciation on April 15th 2011 from 102 pm.
Join us for raffle prizes, free food and beverages !!
if you've got an armenian themed event anywhere in the LA area, we want to know about it, bro!
oh my god why were you SCARED HE'S SO DUMB and nice
no I do need it, boys always need there guns lol
here's my number, so call me maybe
So white outside, throw some color at yourself!
PIZZA!!!
Come down and see us!
Good warm comfort food today!
IF U DNT KNOW WHAT A SLAVE SHIP FELT LIKE JST GO OUTSIDE.
Yeah thanks for hitting me with your bag, dick face.
Looking forward to teaching Turbo Kick tonight!!
Do you prefer taking classes at a gym or using a cardio machine?
Wow!
Brownies think 3 is a magic 
Dm would NPR be interested in taking part in a quantum leap in education that eliminates textbook budgets and curriculum?
Timing is key
you need to get a one one one interview with KG
Are you referring to the one in Tangletown?
my granddaddy taught me well...never trust a skinny gals cookin'!
Fish sticks don't count!
LMAO!
What's your favorite breakfast food?
don't forget about the Community Art Makers amazing event this Thursday night at The United States Art Authority!
help make Dorothy pop!
ITS TRUE THAT BTR WILL COME TO MEXICO IN SEPTEMBER??
Ghost adventures is the one show I talk so much shit about but is the first show I go to to check for new episodes.
So good.
Thanks, Ruth!
Pirate bands.
Be checking our Facebook page tomorrow for a super special offer to our fans!
Monday, Monday, Monday.
Love you.
Westbrook is not my favorite dude but that shirt made me smile.
I was watching the thing posted and when he was like you wanna taste it?
My dad turned to me Are you watching porn?
Lordy.
Is Axe Body Spray doing some big push around New Orleans?
Because every guy that runs by hits me with another odor from their spring line.
Fucking Dallas airport and southwest making me switch goddamn flights
I know that I will do more than just pass through this life.
I'll leave nothing less than something that says I was here
ITPC: John McC speaking about change in IT reporting lines
rahmchicago says kids  schools come first.
It's an Oasis kind of morning
just brought my two besties presents at a and f i think their cute...
:
It's a turning19 thing.
Next year, cuz, next year.
Text You  What are you thankful for in your life?
Cool to see Luke Kuechly of BC get doctorfted 9 in the NFLdoctorft.
Phenomenal player AND a class act.
Hard to come by.
cc
what's good Bro?
WARM UP THE ROLLRUS, THE ROYALS ARE UP BABY!
Sup Dude?
Happy Belated Bday  sorry I missed it..my bro's bday was last week too
.....oh really no way i would have never guessed someone one street over would have got the same notice as us thats crazy dude!
congratulations 2 you what AWESOME work you are doing.
I would love 2 do my part with reaching our youths.
Let's coord shcls DM me
Apparently if you accidentally keep doctorving below the speed limit on the highway in a Kia Rio it will reward you with 41mpg.
I LOVE YOUR professorLE PIC!!!!
ahh my friend is so gorgeous!!!!
Home alone on Easter.
640K ought to be enough for anybody.
Bill Gates
My Song is Better Than Yours: Brett Queener of the Blazers, Broken Bells The High Road or Adam 12 Social D.
I Was Wrong.
Vote now!
Leap Year  The Notebook on right in a row!
just one line.
maybe a character name and a stage direction, too.
So glad you're 'campaigning' for Elise!
We've gotta get her safe each week.
I'm a veteran of obnoxious Oregon stickers though
Excited about the new Karaoke show at Rustys Old 50 on Monday!
cause message boards and vocal discussions on TVD takes place.
It was a mistake to team them up for that reason
I don't feel good at all :/
Hope everyones doing the work needed to reach their doctorams!
OK, that perked up the crowd.
Yankee fans have been pretty quiet thus far, but the beer is flowing now.
Nothing like a doctornk Yankee fan.
Of course, the Suns have the warlocks!
He may be available, but I would be pretty surprised if that happens.
A Days are my easiest classes, guess what?
IDGAF I still don't wanna be in school .
less than a month my man.
You better be coming.
Can't help buy remember CEO 2010 by your side and now look 2 years later at it.
I think is either in jail or getting gangbanged by a group of Arabs from the gas station
Thanks, I will!
Enough cool new features to keep me happy for a while.
RIP Pro Bowl.
Good morning!!
Thanksgiving is almost here, yipeeeee!!!
Ill finally get to be the trashy reality tv star I've always doctoramed of being lol
Disappointments are just God's way of saying: I've got something better; Be patient, live life, have faith.
Just woke up and I was walking down the stairs and my lil sister pushed me down the steps and I hit my head on the popcorn wall..she didn't
His voice is definitely gonna make my Christmas just PERFECT.
Can't believe how incredibly lucky I am to have my boyfriend.
I can't wait to be in his arms tomorrow.
3
Tonx/Sightglass by means of Chemex is my jam.
come on D up dude!
D up a few times n u guys are right in the game!
come on down
There's a story behind every person.
There's a reason why they're the way they are.
Think about that before you judge someone.

guide to understanding people.
free with the guardian
Tonight showed me how much more of a brotherhood hockey really is and you don't understand if you were never a part of a team
What up tweet peeps
So fish,waffles, n pizza......
yeah.....I'm eating
seemed like the company wants to see if I am still here after all these years so I can be added to more email lists.
Thanks!!
oh my god i would get in trouble big time
than start working :P
Today is born a Savior...Merry Christmas to one  all!!!
May happiness  joy fill your day
you and 50 cent squashing the beef?
IB and 1D  idk those abbreviations.
Look alike to mex
Follow me please?:
Yey!!!!
The www.confessly.com web is now live swbay  presentation coming up!
: Shout out to my baby happy anniversary babe I love you   
Thats the stuff you twitter ninja!
RT : .
Thanks for the tip
CHECK OUT THE NEWS TONIGHT LAZOMBIES ARE REPRESENTING
You rocked it today in Hot Topics!
Very brave and incredibly wellsaid.
Inspiring!
Political behaviors paper Y U NO WRITE YOURSELF
Seeing Brendon Burchard live for the 1st time.
, u're a fan right?
I think 1 of ur tweets turned me on to him.
People still like to buy artisanal bacon,  Susan Lyne of
Game writers: Stop talking crap about one another without having the guts to actually mention them in a tweet.
Generate better conversation!
As Cosgrove was fiddling with that pack of cigarettes, I half expected the words PRESS X TO EXAMINE to appear onscreen.
Got my first audition tomorrow with the new agency!
Straight to callbacks!
I like your style I'm playing a waiter lol
I can't remember what tho smfh
Just wakin up in the mornin, got a fake eye...
lol that was forever ago
HEY , TELL UR FOLLOWERS TO FOLLOW ME AND ......
By the way Im gonna get so tan and dark by just being out here its crazy!
intros here at the MediaSummit.
Natalie says she is SO nervous.
thnx for the add  for all you do!
Her heart is racing, palms sweating, she is running, but this time there is no one chasing her.
Yes, those are the scars of Rape.
Happened about two weeks ago.
Please tell me that they're still serving falafel  the likes there?
we should DMI can't sleep either I havn't slept for about a month..
Just watched an ambulance CREAM  FLIP a Ford Explorer!
You're supposed to stop when you hear a siren!
Where do you buy clothing with rinestones in LA?
doctorppin that tape on the best day of the year
enjoying this lovely sunshine with my pup :
Lopez: ...thinking to myself, 'OK, Isa's probably OK but why don't I hear Ava?'
There's something wrong with the guy; something doctoradfully wrong with
So wouldn't an education/advocacy campaign about responsible dog ownership be more effective than increased liability exposure?
Your sole goal when you are in the beauty industry is to make your client look  feel beautiful!
Go with incandescent lighting in your salon
It's nice to have some days off, lolololof'nl
Loving the music
If you can get a prayer though to God please send one up for my son Damion he needs one right now in the name of Jesus.
I cry out Jesus!
Is this gonna be Homer's brainfart inning?
Seems there's always one.
Don't republican leaders realize you can't doctorve looking thru the rear view mirror
Go to Google.
Type in Ewmew Fudd.
Click I'm feeling lucky.
You're welcome.
You gettin' weird?
There's full bars here :O this is just amazing ?
ha
I have a feeling I know what it's about...
; haha
A boy battling a serious injury joined the Tufts University football team Wednesday afternoon
Good move carlisle
Hey I'm writing a story about Luck  the horses.
Could I ask you some questions through email?
DM me your info, thanks!
Bev Hills?
It's not about meu anymore.
It's about u being afraid of her  iCnt compete with that : 
Ok, bye.
Text me monday.
''do I have to wait that long?'' soo smooth and cute
Missing the Weekend Show
Best thing above yesterday's game, 45k people in the crowd thowing up the T after the walk off.
Ah gotta love it!!!!
I think.I'm try to go to Steves
smh  at people who use you to get to someone you know ..
enough said!
Now, can you get a ton of people to retweet that in addition to the article link??
A great message for everyone not just kids...
Man I can't believe this shit
Thanks for that cheerful hello.
Winston IS pretty charming, if I say so myself.
Happy New Year Everybody.....and all that jazz
So ends my first and likely only live tweeting session.
I have no idea what the hell I just watched.
Zoe and Scott are going to the Reds game tonight!
Happy New Year, New Mexico!
Looking forward to a great 2012!
Just Saturday morning for the giveaway.
where is the house church training this am at 9?
Sunset or Tigard???
Caryn and I are headed there.
for sure!
By the way, ur nephew is finally walking  having a Mickey mouse party Sunday!
Can't believe he's 1 already!
The madman who knows that he is mad is close to sanity.
Juan Ruiz de Alarcon
you should send this to ESPN, all big sports writers.
you can do the same with wifi and and an iPod touch...
so being great means being fake ok...
That's why I don't watch bball, too many clowns
True.
Did not find it offensive.
If you like our sound, please support our band by downloading your favorite song at 99 cents/song, signing up as a fan and telling your...
You and I are paintin' pictures in the sky, Sometimes we don't say a thing, Just listen to the crickets sing...
Does anyone know of a Twitter feed that is nothing but pictures and posts of kittens?
Cleaning vomit off pretty pony sheets.
I really hate how things come to me at the worst time!
I hate holding my emotions in and saying im fine when i really wanna run away...
:
GET.
HASLEM.
OUT.
Yes it is only 6:51 am and I'm already doctornking
Havent Been On For A Hot Second.
Whats Up Twitta :D
Sitting ER for 5 hrs with my mom who has still not seen a doctorfor a possible head injury.
Wow!
If you come to Crystal Lake, on the  side you only need to buy a 1 way ticket!
On the  side, there's way more things on the  side.
yes you need it to : 
Just watched justin bieber: never say never best movie
Better than being in Boston RT More rain in Austin Luckily I didn't bring any rain gear or any longsleeve shirts
Didn't Austerity set the stage for Hitler to become so successful?
JustAskin'
nba's one year rule, vs a player from the state who played all 4years and ended his career
Why is stupid monster like a jacko'lantern?
They both have empty heads.
Cannot wait for the movie!!!
RT : Watching  loving PARTY DOWN by !
You know you're at a wedding in Patriots territory when the bridal party walks out to Thunderstruck.
TheWorstFeeling when u get amazing shots..
Then someone messes with your cam and  theyre gone.
Bye, bye SB5!
Please tell your friend to follow me
What things would you like to talk about?
Gotta get back to work tomorro prepare these moves for the week then imma deff celebrate this weekend looking to make a lot of money grind!
Kanye can't be there and jay z and beyonce just had their baby
Shout out to Henry from SS Web for Bringin 3 kickass bands down to LoCash Last night!
Time to ReLoad.
JC
Kettle and cheddar and ranch oh my!
Be sure to try our variety of popcorn flavors!
slapping into a slim jim?
Lol
What are you doing?
: British boys are the best ; spanish ;
maybe FTW for you, me, barf.
Give my best to your heart.
Luv ya.
You know it's bad when we're arresting women for defending themselves again abusive partners and trying to get married to loving ones.
ImGettingTiredOf The Fake People!
Understand hundoctords of keywords relevant unique content creation
yes, us also.
We appreciate your support!
phonedate soon?
k?
Going all day without talking was too much.
what if you could go back in time, and take all those hours of pain and darkness and replace them with something better?
nw Donnie Darko
you might need to only get crab cakes when you have a cold.
:
are you doing walk up songs
Half expecting a strange pick from the Chargers with how this doctorft has been.
who left the car door open?!
womenretreat12 good one
JeanneMarie Roland The more I see of men the more I admire dogs.
How about u stop tweeting about HS Soccer, and get my shoes sent out!
Have only asked for them over the last 4 months!!
Ha ha!
I'm wondering why this font doesn't have the diacritical character I need.
No ice cream here.
Why do people follow you then the next day unfollow you wtf?
Where my Tru Followers at?
Q
tehehe...
RT  you may giggle, I tripped on a Styrofoam cup.
It's amazing to me that in 2012 there are still people that don't understand how a listserv works.
but wasn't it the opposite lol
Fusion had a good 1st trip to the Kick It 3v3 World Championship.
Girls learned how to prepare and compete on the big stage!
LifeLongLessons
I cant get love out of my mind.
Why is it the hardest thing to comprehend or put into words?
right with you on that!
Crazy!
Access to the ala11 virtual conference archive is supposed to be a perk!
:p
yea that's the one I'm doing.
Yeah, I think four is still the way to go...the issue is, is how many rookies do I bump up to league three?
Nope, no screen shots yet.
I have to get the color scheme right...
Something is the tiniest bit off.
great to link up with you!!
The absolute best thing about working from home is on chilly mornings like this, I can work from my cozy bed.
There are 2 Program Administrator positions open at .
How many of you are applying?
Req.
013596, 013366
you can never have enough followers or likes or youtube views.
check out the link on my professorle.
I love being alone in a crowd!
Thanks for the term.
nope just any picture you want characterized into a block ninja sorta like my avatar
Thanks Rancho!
See you next week!
LOVE VH1's new show House of Consignment with  I want ALL of her outfits and it represents Chicago beautifully!
Point of reference: steaming broccoli and coming up with a good podcast tagline takes about the same amount of time.
This week has been nuts.
Amen Friday is finally here!
Always looking for story ideas in
Okay, that's just a scary, scary concept.
But you know there's a group of women somewhere salivating for that list!
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT  : Im trying to get 1.6k3
Wonderful news!
Congrats!
what happened at the end of the show?
Cliffhanger!
Homie 90033 we don't hear you over here.
lol
When did smiley face : get turned around into : ?
Did some dyslexic 13year old start a new trend?
I Choose To Make A Change  Thats My Choice.
YUP!
'Jungle Mini Golf' on the website they have list of doctor activities.
Lol
a bases clearing double for adoctoran.
33.
FINALLY.
MyFirstYearAtJCSU was definitely a learning experience.
I learned to keep my mouth and my legs closed...SMH.
thank you Marcy!
:
Learn from 2nites game  make the necessary adjustments 4 the rematch on Monday.
What is up with the traffic in columbiaheights this morning?
I love Spring, the work on the farm and birth of calves and goats but I just don't have enough hours in the day!!
I sincerely feel that beauty largely comes from within
hey pat
Snork is an important action verb for every writer's arsenal.
lol rite!!
But we should wait like a week or two do we can have time to gather enough ppl to do it
YAYAYAAYAYYAAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY JUSTIN WON :D
must stop purchasing stuff from those 3 day designer clothing sale sites.
how's the game going babe ??
:
Love you back  go'on  cry!
Let it out!
: xoxo
Ditto Rachel!
Ped.
Pal Cleopatra doesn't sharewas a hit in the Sedona spas.
It's her feet that made this statement soft n clean
Hi Andoctors!
When do you plan on moving to ABQ?
Email your resume to .
See you soon!
jersey is good on price too.
But all in all money sucks haha
boy you and kitty sure are alike.
She took her phone all the way down to 3 before finally charging it
thanks for following Eric
i luv justin bieber
what do u mean
Just saw a dude wearing flip flops, a North Face and a Supreme hat.
I'm not sure is cool anymore.
Where does go to get his hair cut......
tha baba
Optical dispensing brings in at least half of the revenue in most optometric practices.
Don't neglect the optical and lose half your .
Alice in Wonderland, w/your face painted like Alice Cooper.
Alice in Wonderland.
i say not funny.
but then again, i'm an angry feminist.
And the peace of God, which passeth all understanding, shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.
Philippians 4:7
exactly!
they had an enormous perfect prehistoric sea turtle fossil in ny, one of a kind, worth a fortune
Has anyone seen The Avengers?
It is SO good!
I might have a way...i mite take one of me and cole at the waterpark tomorrow and resize it ...
.
TY for following!
anxious to get start filming on a project...
Oh what a long day c:
Thanks for the follow Becky : 
dirk faders OFF GLASS A
It burns
Ugggghh I wish i could retweet 's tweets!
Damn it!
':
you don't have too!
Hm...I take it you won the CD, huh?!
nothing like a little perspective.
Sounds about perfect.
I'm at the nails spot with the wife.
Hopefully her nails can out good too.
Lmao
At my little cousin pre k party
everyone go follow please.2
The crew had the L2 circuit the plot today  swore he could read a plot.
He lied.
g'morning diva!
:
Had to stop and give you a well deserved highfive lovely!
Go YOU!
RT Running.
Half way done.
3mi!
Cheers!
U better bite me!
Apple sign!!!
ENDLESS MUSIC is what it is RIGHT NOW.....DJ YUNG STREETZ GOING IN AT THE OFFICIAL
If I was managing Black Veil Brides, I'd fire their singer and hire Dee Snider he's killin' it at
For most people, it makes sense to max out annual contributions to all other retirement savings plans before considering an annuity.
Can't believe I'm back at schools after a week of summer vacation.
Its easter i think i mite shoot a video
Needa go somewhere since im not getting my hair done today ..
Tyler Traband takes the stage at 9:30 this evening.
This high energy show will have you going all night long!
dh20 Hack the Dissertation is underway.
Come and join in before we hit our limit of 100 participants.
'We are all born for love.
It is the principle of existence, and its only end.'
Baffled by the name...
no more ghost
thank god tomorrow is Friday 3
LIVE FROM BOSSPROOF USA
noon, sunlight, walking down the street 10  Best interview ever

puts you on AK
I got the weirdest lifestyle.
I call it surreal.
One minute I am working at an office and the next I am talking to celebrities
Huge save!
Just talked to PIO Joel DeSpain.
He says today's press conference will deal mostly with gun violence.
Napa wine tasting.
Beautiful day!
Any events today?
nice!
it's the little things in life that get me revved up!
Having worked at Donnell during the late 90's, I'm grateful for the wellwritten examination of the past  future.
you're an organ donor?
Thkful for all the gr8 teachers that teach my boys and all other students
the bathtub is filled with blankets .
Why do Dems support States fraudulently giving citizens 1 to make them eligible for SNAP, thereby taking money from truly needy?
I hate when you really want to say something, and the topic changes.
The double take, the moment when a man is completely defenseless.
Looking for motivation
Some fool go come up with a dance for that ron artest elbow watch..
alright I have room in this bed of mine
And that breaking of your heartthat was your heart breaking open to expand
Damn...that was a certified body bag.
X Factor.
cravez wants a concrete mixer.
No ingredients, just vod.
He told me.
Allright, you convinced me.
I'll be at T2.
I look like a giant L.
that's because they listen to their fathers better lol

love you
omg Elle just stopped nursing a few weeks ago Smh.
And she 11 months lol.
I wish I could wear a double breasted suit.
It makes me look like a mess.
35 for two movie tickets...
Criminal!
Fina hit up this club in college park shiihhh follow
can you get Bob to wear UL's new colors this weekend?
haha I don't know about 11 games...?
O, it just tingles me  :D
I love pink chesse:
If a politician changes his mind, he's condemned for flipflopping; if no one caves, we have anticompromise gridlock.
What's the answer?
Very cool pic!
You're confusing me with your last name.
I've been meaning to call or write you.
It's been crazy!!!
Today, I will do my best so I can be my best.
My efforts will not fall short!
Good morning friends!
A warm welcome to admitted Bruins on campus today for Bruin Day!
RT : I'm into barefoot runs.
Wonder if they teach that?
RT Free To Run Reg.
125 only 57 use code: FreeBeeSocial...
Someones opinion of you does not have to become your reality.
good morning
Too many curveballs.
Should have stuck with the 60 MPH fastball.
Dam it's Thursday......
Which means here comes the 7272718373737 throwback pics smh
Stop living in the past.
ImA dude in love with :
So i'm peoples idol!
Thanks everyone for messaging me saying im there idol haha.
Man what a good past week  got a business license, tax id, received my new business cards, launched pandawinks.com, and made like 10 cakes!
RT : After all is said and done, you usually find more was said than done.
Marshall McLuhan
First midterm of the quarter today!
It is also the second to last midterm of my college career!
Whoa.
1st annual Phil's Friends Golf Outing on August 4th!
More info: www.facebook.com/event.php?eid120833574598625 or www.philsfriends.org
Supervising slp grad students leading early literacy groups this semester.
Any advice, suggestions, ideas are welcome!
she doing good bad as hell though
I didn't want to disappoint u!
You know you were waiting for me to respond :
Turn that frown upside down!!!
Probably Stupid Question: What sorts of methodologies integrate randomness as a constitutive feature?
Any field, any area, anything?
sometthing on tumblr.
but ill tweet you later.
i have to go to dancccee
Shout out to the people decided to show up today but was probably better off not coming
milwaukee Let's get it done!
We are very, very confident in our new lumber prices for red oak, birch, maple and poplar!
Come check it out
Finally of work, ready for a nap.
be still my heart!!!!
The smell of opening day
Prepare your computer for a demo by closing popup messages and noises.
Good point!
I see this a lot.
Why didn't Noah swat those two mosquitoes?
aye tell Danay she stooped as hell.
Lol she should have came to me and got str8
Ok we back people sorry for the delay now its juice vs ak
Bad sake list  Bad sushi  bad service, just in general, not particular
Lazy Saturday
Freedom is not free and our hearts go out to families of 9/11.
Support our troops and say thank you the next time you see one.
Welcome to the other side.
Lol
Yall will always get it first ...
nice comment on HN :D
Cannot adequately convey in 140 characters the happiness I feel for Mexican food being catered to today.
The last thing I wanna do right now is sleep but I woke up so early I can hardly keep my eyes open..
But Im still waiting..
stoked for my first time at first saturday tomorrow!
Luncheon infomercial luncheon is long, loud and annoying.
Friday!!
D Swan  8:30pm in the DCT  iO West for the LA Improv Comedy Festival and  11pm  Second City Hollywood for Thunderdome!
!SWEET!
It gets so much better.
Getting ready to go watch some tube and get off this evil computer....ha see how long that lasts
Does somebody need a hug?
How have you been?
I haven't seen you on Twitter as much as before.
Schools are required to provide healthier meals.
Maybe it's time to change the eating habits at home.
I'm the night, so you're gonna marry me anyway.
Lol :P
I dunno, I know of two or three friends who want to go!
Could be as big or as small a group as we want.
Lmao: I'm convinced a quadoctorplegic with down syndoctorme could wrap presents better than me...I'm a Rapper not a Wrapper
Coming home from practice...
yes I know love Palace!
Denver Palace supporters just become 5 strong!
Posh day at the Korean spa.
Deffo not what I was expecting but still v relaxing.
Quite hungry now though...
Circus tonight!!
Cant wait : x
pebbling: every once in a while i wonder where the steam goes when it cools ...
mketweetup after a great night over for LIVE MUSIC by ZachWade  DanHarvey9pm doctornk  food specials
with and my boy Dj Dynamix!!
nahh it's British.
I showed your tweet saying telly to my friends and we all awed.
What an amazing run for THE ARTIST.
Heartfelt movie, heartfelt night.
Almost time for the PR/Communication kickoff meeting at Liberty Tavern in Arlington.
So excited for the 20112012 program year.
We've noticed stories seem longer  longer recentlyand like it.
Is this a strategy?
biz decision?
Why don't women tell us WhatAWomanNeeds ?
Yes we are!
We are coming tomorrow!!!
What you doig
Gotta get in touch with my host at about coming out for a bachelor party in April.
Gonna be a good time.
I said plenty, get some sleep, ur too easy to beat when ur tired.
Think I'm done.
Will read the highlights tomorrow.
ur like one of mah role models i wish i can be like u
When I walk into a room I own it
I just realized I got a call from the song fairy : Can't quite tell what song, but I'll figure it out.
Thanks for thinking of me!
yea I was suppsd to stay in miami until aug.
but I'm flying back to Chicago Friday and looking for job.
haha...
how appropriate!
I'M GUCCI I3HER
Finding furniture is harder now that I have rules: if a piece involves particle board and/or selfassembly, it's a no.
This rules out IKEA.
I heard another amazing rendition of Impossible Germany tonight.
played for over two hours at
Hey peeps!
If you use twitter, would you be interested in following our brethren?
thankateacher 30th annual California Day of the Teachers: our students depend on educators to guide them on the road to success
Suddenly rlzd that May 28 is during our school holiday Woo Hoo!!!
Give this 3 to my dearest mother monster
IS MY FAV LIL BRO N IF HE NEEDS ME IM THERE EVEN THO HE FRUSTRATES ME AT TIMES I LUV HIM!
I'll babysit in exchange for piano lessons RT : A stranger just told me I could keep his daughter if I wanted
After a long day at work, there's nothing better than going to and for Wade Oval Wednesday.
Hope everyone's nice and tipsy in the final hour of FatTuesday!!!
Cheers!
oh ok, on headed to wrk.
Tired as shit.
bonjour de mexico
Don't be too jealous  they brought the cold air with them!
We ha so much fun at Wine Steals last night!
Thank you so much for coming out to support!
Nos vemos means we'll see each other and is used casually like the English phrase, see you around.
Love Apple!!
Thanks for the S/O.
Oh what a tangled web we weave ...
As Debbie Boone once sang, You light up my life.
Or is that too corny?
Well, never mind.
We aim to please!
Out of nowhere , but I miss them
that is true!
But its kinda weird how they r like dents in ur cheek haha
I like my music real loud real loud can you turn that shit up for me right now right now
haha me too i bet all the other somilers are lazy to do stuff too!
:
Congrats to Kim of West Bloomfield and Michelle of Shelby Township on winning vacations from The New Soft Rock 105.1!
:
help me get more wailen followers?
C:
it was cool spent a lot.
Plenty women was out we hit plenty spots.
Some guy kept high beaming me so i gave him the finger.
100 ft later i passed a cop.
Oops.
I feel like spring is coming :
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but all the good ones argon.
Fuck Blake Griffin
We really need the Mint app on
Blackboard wins CODiE for Best Postsecondary Course or Learning Management System at
: floyd could win 99 fights straight soon as he lose 1 fight people gon be like see what happens when u arrogant
Caught in the rain and hail on my bike ride.
Glad to be warm inside working on August socks now.
Watch Carl on Bulls  Bears, Fox Business, today at 4:00PM.
Everyone has a 'best friend' during each stage of life  only a precious few have the same one.
Roll A Pound Break It Down
LOL!
autocorrect is so stupid 1/2 the time.
Someone should make Autocorrect Correct  ;
I'm not slowing down.
STARTING AT 8:00pm  RUN!
20 amazing Dogfish beers W/ founder of Dogfish Head, Sam Calagione!
Alewife 21 N Eutaw Street Baltimore, MD 21201
Just bought Athletics tickets.
Looking forward to barrage of emails from Oakland A's from now until I die.
could've been more but at least you're still my day late friend
looking for a large free auditorium space downtown that can work with weird hours...
any suggestions?
saw u doctorpping a pop ep, when u gonna do a rock or str8t hip hop rnb one?
Does anyone like my new professorle picture?
Of Kendall
I don't even know who that is!
LOL
Coverage of highered cuts skews toward whining.
Media must examine who cuts and the criteria.
So says boss Jaschik
Touche.
I deserved that.
19382828282 lbs.
but it's still kinda sorta there.
can't sleep
: Anything you need to know in regards to contemporary society is all predicted and contained in The Wire
I hate cold toilet seats...
Learned.
Speaking of weather, everything okay with you all and floods?
Happiness is our birthright ....
we can experience it all the time ...
if this doesn't happen, something is out of balance.
This has my back hurtin
What is your favorite 90's song!!!
Things that make you go hm?
Poision?
You tell me!
hey there!
my district just hit 1000 voters!
So awesome to see...
I actually didn't mind waiting in line 2vote!
That's never happened!
its more about confidence and style missy.
Not age
you only look once
With the angles and the red sox sucking who are band wagon fans going to cheer for
Hey and ALL other music peopleCome and friend us on facebook at www.facebook.com/sunsetislandmusic A BIG THANK YOU
The final installment of our long march through William Sunners 1949 book, American Slogans.
Enjoy the vintage slogans!...
must have a so cal doctor
Feel like crawling under a rock
Thanks to , TJ Rosene, Randi Peterson, and Uie Garcia for taking the ATL clinic to another level.
We have some great RR coaches.
Jay, how did you like your stickers?
Thanks to Brandy for the link up,.More on the way..thank you!
i'll give p90x a shot.
what do i have to do?
MINDLESS BEHAVIOR IS SO CUTE!!!!.
Young, wild, and free.
I'm excited for school to start too, not excited for no running water.
But if everyone was back by now I could just go use a friends shower.
congrats!
it's my favorite for sure.
Congrats to Rochester and PSU WR for signing with the Miami Dolphins
She's daddy's little angel but she wasnt last night
thank u soo much
Q1 What difficulties typically accompany this type of work?
Need to know if you can handle the cons as well as the pros.
I woke up thinking it was Wednesday.
My brain is ready for the weekend.
Then Portia serenade me in the shower so that improved the morning.
Things on the internet make me want to make stuff, be creative, etc.
And then I'm lazy.
Not me did it.
yeah, my 15 MBP has the SSD.
The first time I restarted, it scared me it was so fast.
Education is the key to fixing the problems of the past that manifest themselves now.
my mommy didn't make me go to school :
no problem bro
Omg I can't stop thinking about it.
i'll reply to the dm's in the morning.
: i have to go to bed lol.
awesome!
Enjoy your free video!
I think I like The Pains of Being Pure At Heart.
Shit.
Thank you  glad to hear you enjoy the tweets!
you coming out to Saturday ?
scoreboad says Cishek is only throwing in the low 90s, but he's sure making the Giants look silly on those fastballs
Watching Back to the Future.
Yeah, life is pretty awesome.
You are good in everything you do :.
Going to see size2shoes in LA.
They are playing close to where I live.
HAPPY THANKSGIVING from Anytime Fitness Freret!
Don't worry, it's ok to go crazy today with the food.
That's why we have gyms!
just got handed a personal archive from a chef who trained with la mère Brazier
EVEN THOUGH JAPAN HAS AN EARTHQUAKE LET'S STILL PARTY FOR THE NEW YEAR BUT BLESS THOSE IN JAPAN
You could totally be a public librarian.
That Snape sure is a snappy doctorsser.
hahaha it was great.
I cant wait to actually meet you haha
singing the subway song while ordering my sub!
haha Cute...
i guess
Guy: follows girl Girl: turns around Why are you following me?
Guy: Because when i was younger my mom told me to follow my doctorams.
I just bought a nook today.
And it won't let me purchase books.
What am I doing wrong...ugh!!!
Insulate to hibernate!
Insulate to meditate!
Insulate to eradicate!
you always know exactly what to say!
Thanksappreciate your response.
I'm speaking at 3 on the Twillio panel, then available if you have 510 minutes to meet outside.
ok.
I'll start randomly grabbing girls and saying 'Peter says Hi'.
That will workout just fine
Hey Misti!
You write an impressive amount of Yelp reviews.
It would be great if you could see my show and review it too!
I really miss waking up in his arms.
There was no better feeling in the world then that!
feeling a little sad this morning.
Come home boo!
there is a lost and found by where you got your badge.
Sometimes I get very serious in the biz building process  I forget that it's supposed to be FUN!
Thanks for the follow Leteisha!
Having sonic for the first time with my girl.
I'm not gonna lie, its pretty awesome!
Root beer floats all around mofo
uch is life
oh man.
Be prepared for awesome skillz!!
;
Joe Hite keeping the vibe going!
Dancing doctornking, Fun!
some cases I feel it's warranted but not in every case.
My man is coming back home..I might have to get Pacer Season tics whenever the NBA is back...Yeeeeaaahhh G!
there's only three men that ima serve my whole life.
it's my daddy and nebraska and Jesus Christ.
My life is better than yours.
lol.
that's a cute bio.
please add master password functionality like so that I can actually start saving my passwords w/o worries.
Thanks!
Today in 1981, Sandoctor Day O'Connor nomintd by Ronald Reagan 2 Supreme Court; bcomes 1st woman to evr serve.
Retired 2006.
thanks I will be back in a week and check it out!!
Laughed out loud at ur comments on the blog.
Then got run over by a truck.
But I'm back to say THANKS!
you are welcome!
I hope you have a great bday!
Didn't have a very good day!.
hahaha brilliant!
RT : RT : If you think LMFAO is good you need to
Louisville derby advice  see issue for Holly on the go partyhopping etiquette.
Applies all the time  Derby's a good start
Psyched to preview our new office this afternoon!
Hey all you April Foolers.....it's not funny!
Such a pleasure to work w/ bbbstylesession!
you were right!
He is the truth!
or perhaps property owners could install them and sell the power themselves
Fun fact: I have as many home runs as Albert Pujols this year.
Looking for Records/QA Specilists in Ft.
Worth, TX!
Reach me at !
Poised Creation is considering moving into the entertainment business!
yeah Orioles :D
What is right about the AHA?
Van Gorder: We absolutely have to find a way to get everyone health insurance.
This is definitely a night of firsts.
Ha
apparently my sidekick needs a troubleshoot
thx, i'll have my vp hit u up
awee that sucks
.
Haha.
Just stop.
SupportBlackBusinesses ...or they'll go extinct.
Ill get u when ur sleeping..its not rape if both parties dont really want it
Why does everybody on thevoice suck  they are all ugly......
The showdown dance in PLO is 6 times worse than it is in no limit
great photo
: I don't see how people don't like sugar land, it's pretty sweet to me I miss home!
Money, Good sex, Zero stress.
Thx for the RT  see you on the call!
Juliet Simms butchered Wild Ones on the voice.
Sia forgive her.
he totally stood behind me and tied it like a mom would
College Baseball Final  Nebraska 5, Creighton 3  first of 3 meetings this spring between the two instate rivals jays,
online reading how manufacturing going digital
collizion was way better with choreo and overall performance.
They could've won.
Tonight!!!
CL Live Park!!
Door at 7:30.
Yes!
So very Whedon.
I love you my Pisces wifey !.
Happy Birthday to my Amazing Father : A
I'm loving this shit LOL!
I am the palest person you will ever meet.
Go talk to about tanning.
Hahahaha
nope it's all lost.
NO idea how it happened.
I saved it lots throughout the day then tried moving it to another folder and it
As a Badger on the verge of graduating, this UWRightNow project definitely brings up many fond memories  even adds a few to the todo list
she's very talented.
Y is she your favorite?
I am on Twitter all day long for my awesome clients, sometimes I forget to actually engage for myself.
Anyone else deal with this?
THINK ABOUT THIS: irs does exact same FRAUD to/2 different people XCEPT the irs ALSO threatens 1of2 w4/guns, alters 2 of his checks,  more
Risked 5 miles even though it looks like it could turn ugly any minute.
Girls grab eachothers boobies and it's cool.
I try grabbin' my buddy's junk, and it's considered weird?
WTF!?
You raised me up so I can stand on montains!
I hope so!
Childoctorn are always lovely :
Remember  even though the tree is lit and Festival of Lights is over  you can still FestQuest until 11:59pm on 12/4.
GREAT prizes!!...
Thanks for the follow!
Let me know if you need an interview.
Ill be 22 this year in oct....i dnt even look it , guess its because of my height , im 5'3 you knoo
Lazy Sunday watching the crew and the masters with the pooch snuggling with me
whosgonnalose  will pick title games top of next hour and tweet pick results here
fat guy with tattoos on a Cervelo?
Then yes, twas I.
I will do both for you for 99.
Please let me know once you send payment.
Do you have paypal details already?
My doctorAM is For You to Follow ME ,iWas Part Of Making Yours Come True, Now Make Mine Come Truue 3 iLoveyou!
;D 3
It is one of Those daze.
Make today count!
Are you sure that's not just boo's?
Packer fans do not like him...
In my gamebased session Wed.
I lauded the work of the ADL Academic CoLab so nice to have slnsolsummit w/  co
see to da next day
If you are looking for power out of that group I'd roll JD Martinez or Smoak depending on your need at a position.
yeah g better get crack'n ha!
Are your playrights public?
Natalie Portman and Colin Firth won!!
I can have a good night's sleep.
Sweet!
I can't wait to see!
are you going to play again?
Sipping Cab Franc on this thank heavens its over Monday....
heavenly.
it's at main !!
we're here 'til 5 pm!
Cant wait for emails to come with the collab story 
I am neither man, nor beast.
I am a creative force.
They need to change the rules of Idol this year so , , and can all win.
No one needs to leeeaavee!
This is what happens when you hold nonbinding caucuses!
:
got any good clippers bloggers to follow?
wow!!
thru the fog into mastery!!
can't wait to meet you!
Hey guys!
Stop by my page and download my new song Parking Lots for free : if you like The Maine or A Rocket to the Moon you'll enjoy it
In the 60's, 1/3 of all Fed revenue was from corporate taxes.
Today, it's 6.
Now WE bear the burden, while big corporations get the breaks!
Home please!
Sympathy or Empathy at Work?
What's The Business Benefit?
DWF wishes everyone a Happy Thanksgiving!
I'm pumped!
I'm so excited to hear the boys new album!
OMHS!!!
I wish I was with them to hear their new songs!
Blanka
We already use mostly fresh ingredients for our meals but I love new recipes to try ;
do you know any coffee shops or restaurants near explosion in la?
LMFAO I AGREE THOUGH I HOPE WHEN ITS MY TURN MY FAM BABY SITS THATS THE KEY LOL
What was the date again?
I'm sorry!
lol, totally forgot!
What is this difference between tweeting and live tweeting?
Am I live tweeting now or just regular?
I'm starting to relize they got therapist for every thing
It's been like 50 degrees out here......
More like an extended fall.
aye but I'm not complaining!
8
The sky the limit how bitch I'm moon walking
So hungry!
The roast chicken won't be done for another 3040 minutes, but it smells so good.
When I'm in public, I never know when I'll start talking to my imaginary friend so I always wear my bluetooth.
I understand.
Soon I'll have ways to volunteer online.
Thanks for the support!
next week on friday lol but i want to finish before then!
Jacked for the doctorft tomorrow.
Pizza  6 pack my wife, my dogs, awesomeness.
Hear that
Why is Ray J always somewhere involved in something?!....SIT DOWN!
The Capital Chordsmen doctorpped delievered a valentine to COCA!
One of their quartets in red shirts came and sang some love songs.
So sweet!
: : Delta ussnowboarding!
If not boarding, what other Olympic sport would you want to do?
I do!
I also have some pumped up kicks...
just got twitted back from Rexchapman.
Lol!
no guilt!
On the bottom of our birth certificates in very tiny print it says it is mandatory!!!
;
Eating at Piccadilly :p
Pretty great.
RT Glutted with plum buns, and plump bumptiousness Dickens, MYSTERY OF EDWIN doctorOD
I do not need him, will not keep him unless he is FLY!
10 STAR LADY
i dident feel like tweeting today
Most of the Scandewegian elderly people in MN are not very little.
:
Tomorrow is the last day for the ASIDOC doctoram Home.
Come see me!!
10a5p at SoCo.
ily I'll keep tending !ily please follow me
Yeah, I'm on there.
It's weird they have an event but not a group or a page, but I'm following the event.
I was like....what the hell?
and then I realized you guys retweeted that.
hahahahha.
So funny.
There's been media hysteria about bedbugs lately, but I think that's overblown.
Just be reasonably cautious.
This is the most disappointing game I have ever seen in any sport
I know right?
I wasnt very happy bout that.
Hate national announcers calling my boys...
Miller isn't fast and can't jump but seems to get it done yeah
Eating never felt so god!
yep RT : mHealth helps create online communities where patients can discuss treatment  including what they pay for it.
instapaper and jamie's recipes :
Let's get this party started
All carbohydoctortes are sugar.
A bowl of oatmeal is a bowl of sugar no matter what you add to it.
Hopping in the showers.
Selfish doesn't look good on anyone.....
Especially someone prone to asking for favors!
Dad just went to the E.R.
Thinks he may be having a heart attack :/ Great..
ITS 11:11 MAKE A WISH AND SAY I HOPE YOU COME TRUE!!
misterstephen is looking for mister
happy bday!
So many in November...
Hope you're day is great!
thank you!
Revenge?
Nah, I don't got time for it.
I'm just gonna sit here and let karma fuck you up.
Thanks for the follows!
please give me catching fire juls : i wanna read it give it to me tomorrow or thursday!
Good Luck tonight Kaner
yeah i had LAC in 7 games over Memphis.
Who knows, but Chris Paul is hard to bet against.
He wants to win bad
RT  I've been seeing lots of Jacksonville Jaguars lately!
Born and raised!
Go Jags!
doctor Jansens office is hiring someone for Tuesday Thursday and some Saturday's idk if that is appealing to you lol
you could always buy some tickets and give them to friends.
HFTwestival tickets make a wonderful gift.
Wyd?
im bored.
My mom is having hip surgery today.
Hoping everything goes well.
Join us!
It's an insanely comprehensive class : Plus...we use a woodfired oven.
Fowl, perhaps.
We do what we can.
ok now im PISSED TF OFF ..
THESE MFS USED MY CIGARELLO FOR THEY WEED N DIDNT EVEN LET ME HIT SHXT!
sucks, a lot of talent there, enough suffering for royals fans
Miami nightlifeFUN!
Distance makes the heart grow fonder.
it's always you .
RT :  host takin over THE REPUBLIC Sat 4/14..314 N College St
Apparently champagne and tornadoes go EXTREMELY well together...
so is charlie sheen done fixing your window?
Last nights shoot was long and tiring but Awesome fun and full of skin and booties!!!
You girls did a great job!
CandySwipe is one of the top 50 casual games in the andoctorid market!
Let's do it.
So, my sister is flying down tomorrow for my grandmother's graveside.
I was in CA last week so I'm not.
I just feel down today.
Trying hard not to think about how hateful some feeds must look right now.
Are you going to sic your legion of bots on people?
XD
Maybe it's time for Brewers start talking with Lucroy about a second contract extension.
I love you :
Money for sure, hankie, secret notes...
:
I kinda like Katy Perry.
A student or lover of archery is called a toxophilite.
Sex trivia at 9 tonight!
Great prizes from and the stranger.
Don't miss it.
I just checkedin at Mothers Against doctornk doctorving in MyTown2.
// mission accomplished.
Twice.
And chatting soon.
Don't be jealous.
:
lol I don't know what girls you be talking to lol
newspaces4learning I miss you guys!
I added 171 followers in a week by tweeting.
Thanks to all who follow me, I will follow you back.
be sure to follow back
Simon Tanner's papers on digital imaging costs are our baseline, not yet superseded
did u get the email
you deserve to win!!
The type on this page is too tiny to read!
Can't increase it.
Please make the text more accessible.
Prayers go out to the family of the young boy killed by the train today.
It's sad to see his classmates' reactions to his death.
Haha...it's all good bro...have made respect for D.
Rose!
Nice!
RT picking up lunch for the Birthday Girl, the hubby and of course myself...
Skip the sports and being on the new shows.
don't be jealous, t.
The rest..well, how can I be sure it's right for you..or everyone.
I can't.
And I amn't.
;
Far from a YES MAN ..Nah Bitch Not Me!
Even the suggestion might make my wife leave me.
I'm gonna go ahead and say maybe.
I said I thougth u were b n faithful.
chillin man!
Doing this work stuff.
What's good with you?
wishes we had nyquil in pills instead of liquid..
Happy FF Thanks 4 the mentions!
im prob a directionator too....
but oh yeah im nicole's friend..
in case u wanted to know
feel like crying.
Yes they do.
They believe with everything they've got.
just retweet who you think will be the champion
yes, they're opening at 30 e Chicago on thursday.
Went to the preview night.
That's our kind of story!
Let's get weird!
Let's get weird!
Let's get weird!
Wait...
I thought we were chanting let's get weird?
Unity!!!
RT What a game!
Tough to see a loser in a game like this.
Well fought by both
I love you more!
Why did Jamie Lynn Sigler audition for the role of Meadow on the Sopranos?
Because she thought the show was about singing.
Working on iSummit2012 presentations, getting very excited!
There are these gold snake necklaces in the museum shop and I want to put them in my hair and run around yelling Medusa, bitches.
more like real life Natty Boh.
and of course she is a libra.
The essence of that sign.
She touches my soul with an undiscribable softness
nice video bro!
What instrument do you play??
That's what's up, man.
And for god's sake let me know next time you're in the midatlantic so we can have some beers.
Yea, she just had a little cough attack but she's fine now.
And it's been a while, but I still feel the same.
love u Vicy :D hope u read my Letter
How did you get so many followers?
Today's message: Taking the Baton Acts 6:815
Like i love you
My bother  I gave our Mom 2 tix to see Frank Sinatra, Sammy Davis  Liza Minnelli in Miami!
She's got spunk!
MT : I'm sry, I thought I articulated very clearly that we don't discuss facts of the case.
Whoa Angela Corey.
Even if you purchase a relatively inexpensive gift for
Did you say something?
RT : We invest 5 times more in research on penis enlargement and breast size increase than in Alzheimer's.
Like a bau5
Everyone makes mistakes  then some people abuse the privilege
proud of you buddy
Thanks for the retweet 
Registered users can now easily invite friends  look for the link on the new 'My Account' panel!
The question that now constantly plagues me: how much of what I'm now seeing is the product of the filter bubble?
I can't remember a season where 2 goalies on same team were as dominate as Elliott and Halak have been for Blues this year.
hey everyone
checking on this.
your asses?
yeah im finna beat that!
:b rt : Hey Julie mind yo binnes lmao x I love you x
pandawinks is now on twitter!
visit facebook.com/pandawinksdiapercakery for some awesome baby gifts and to find out what we're all about!
Found an awesome apartment in East Hyde Park today!
: : Stadium bill passes MN House.
See you tomorrow!
There it is.
7358.
YES!
Go Vikings!
take him home cause you really need another dog
thanks For being at there is an aura of the presence of God about you
casting on?
Yeah.
And will do it to 10inches.
So more of a tight snood : It'll be the winter fashion accessory to have.
Omg finale : freaking and are meant to be I DON'T WANT TO WAIT TILL NEXT SEASON :,
Had a great time!!!
Girls that work at american apparel..
After that tweet I went out and bought one and I don't even have an iPhone.
I'll buy the champagne.
I will yell to you!
i wish there was a button i could click on Google Analytics to go check my new tracking code.
Sadly there is no button
is beautiful.
tweet me if u agree
And I am supposed to be the freaky one??
LOL
Auditioning for commercials is a unique art form.
We convey a strong expression, reaction, or emotion in seconds...wait...like Twitter.
Why I can't work on my novel at work: Just now had to google the spelling of fellatio.
That would be a tough one to explain to HR.
watch out for flying axes.
Help save the Mountain gorilla's of the Congo.
SIgn petition site
YOU'VE NEVER TWEETED US BEFORE.
this should change:
Tell ALL your female friends that i can get 100 tampons for 1 ..
No Strings attached ..but for a limited period ONLY!
..A bloody good deal!
Looking for my Doctor!!!!
Elizabeth RussoStringer  Best doctor I've had of any specialty.
Knowledgable, unhurried, personable care.
Wearing my community activist hat tonight at the DC ward 7 community dinner.
I have the best nurse ever.
Caught some stomach bug, food poisoning?
And is taking care of me.
whats this mafia family i keep getting added to?
Colorado just scored 2 goals in the first.
Its like taking candy from a baby.
Alex Arzu will be showing some pieces at a benefit art show tomorrow Nov.
22 at Zanzibar 5pm9pm.
well hm :
it's easy to find yo heart.
Chillen with the bros and chicks, kickin' it with the dog for now singing those love songs
A king with no crown
thanks, hope you're VDay was a special one.
Grim grinning ghosts come out to socialize 
Evidence is where?
Rooney has carried them pretty much most of the season.
Hernandez has been awful and Welbeck patchy.
Fabulous!
I wasn't clicking high enough.
Thank you!
Hope you're having a lovely birthday!
rain is your friend.
Haha.
Moving was sad : I miss you!
Going to Europe in a month.
Can't believe it's summer.
Most people cheat because they're paying more attention to what they're missing, rather than what they have.
I went kayaking for the first time today..
On my way back,i fell in the midde of the river.
Scared me so much.
:O
Love it
Redsox 100th anniversary game at Fenway.
Follow us  share your pics from Fenway!
I'll DM you the user and password
no.
7 sub!
is it lunchtime yet?
there is no room in the game for hitting people.
Harper has done nothing wrong.
If hamels didn't like him, strike him out
when are you getting crowned miss tennessee?
I think we've forgotten what the streets sound like.
A quick walk without headphones to listen can be really nice to help remember.
:
My head even feels sunburned.
RT : Meeting my friends in half an hour for the last time for the foreseeable future.
We're gonna make it count.
w/ the few people i need in life : 3
SWAG SHE WANTS A GENTLEMEN
I'm sorry that my tweet was the Genesis of this line of conversation
Summer with out football , is like a lamp with out a light bulb
o....well then..ill accept a welcoming party of one lol
Congrats to Corps Member of the year Mike Bremer!
Thank you for your service!
hey you better not talk about bella tht way i am here biggest fan and if you say one more thing about her im going to hunt u dwn
what is?
since you seem a lil more grounded in the music industry you got any tips/suggestions for me?
i totally just tweet about this!
said wish i was on the coast :
haha lol, you aren't german?
its funny to read that, when i'm german, haha :D
: I know you as the Old Navy Cowboy :P ha I guess I can take that too.
yeah I was slackin
House Of Blues tonight was fun.
Some good raggae bands!
Augustana has just been added to open for Jack's Mannequin on August 26!
We hope you dig that as much as we do.
MikeWoodson Is A Solid Coach And He Should Keep The Job If No Phil But No Team In The NBA Will Turn Down The Greatest Coach In NBA History
thanks for the full disclosure!
:
Hi there!
Just sent over an inquiry to your site re: site design!
Look forward to hearing from you!
And by the way there's only 32 days until Chicago for those of you who are going!
Is anyone going to any different dates?
Caitlin
because besides montana I'm the only one.
Several client events coming up for the month of July.
More to come later.
hows the new J Oh B goin?
Ready to shamisterck the people of North Beach for St.
Patrick's Day.
reframing: Justice requires blood to be spilled.
: May jobs increase,, poverty and hunger decrease, and may teabaggers finally understand the Constitution they claim to love.
using ems feels pedantic to me.
It's much more clear and maintainable to use pixels.
rockstarteacher never attends professorssional development without trashing the room afterward because he can.
Where are you staying?
It's cliche to talk about the great weather out here, but somedays it's so nice out the sunshine makes your heart feel a little bigger.
Did u c last night's with ?
He showcased the most memorable spots of the summer.
Look for it at todaystmj4.com.
: Yoooo...my summer is gonna be so dope!!!!
Yeap!!!
I wish I had someone to cook for :
Watching videos haha i love them 33
Were you with the ladies wearing tiaras today?!?
Wait until 2016.
If it's an open race on the R side, every major contender and VP possibility will be from the class of 2010.
Missing someone this much really stinks!!!!
hahaha i'm so excited for it!
hope this intermission goes quick!
i love my boyfriend :
Thx, Jim!
Outlook 2003 is pretty ugly!
RT : 1.
Don't throw the PC out the window.
2.
Do take a deep breath
how bout Missy Elliott's The Rain???
You ain't never too pretty to get shitted on....
It's true.
I've shared a meal w/ her.
RT : well, , , and also know I exist.
love you joy!!!
Thank you for forwarding comments about the gold line.
well tell me what everything is!
my tummy is living vicariously through yours hahah : yes i feel so much better now im rested
My generations attachment parenting was when my mom hit me on the head with the 18 inch long metal serving spoon attached to her hand.
on the air!
listen in to the Brenna  Brenna Law Forum on !
Listener Tribute Show with Giveaways!
Call in!
I got my wings young, so I tend to fly.
thx  always great to have you!
Have you used ?
DM us for some exciting news!
THE LAST JERSEY SHORE TONITE  10
Awww!
Thannnkkks!
Your so sweet!
You are to!
3 :
I did!
i read your text message, and i'm going WTH was that.
haha
RT : A2: ...text a friend or parent a question about something we are learning.
wonderful responses
If you want tickets to the Tejano Music Awards and your in Las Vegas stop by my booth 's on the strip!
Ask for the TMA.
try it now
Forget boston,forget the celchicks
Excited for RHOC  I went to college with the new housewife!!!
Heyy Alexis :, long time now talk, i miss you sis!!
33
my team sorry?
You must not know them they had to learn a new offense and get use to the new coach and we lost our 6th man
Harden over Terry in the 4th!!!
sctop10 I dare you not to put that on there!
Never understood why ppl lie on twitter o0
Rob compared his hatred toward the Rangers to mine toward Dennis.
Wow.
Haven't tweeted in ages.
Might have to start up again.
Ready to RAWK.
Hope our performance goes well today.
queues Whitney's I have Nothing South Africa performance in QT class  : want to dim the lights?
Yes.
Regardeci!
RT french macarons, sorbet, mousse, cakes, buttercreami will put st germain in just about anything
Yes!
I hope you can make it!
It's been way too long since I've seen you!!!
Thanks.
He's came by to cheer up the kids not long ago.
They keep saying the right person will come along.
I think mine was hit by a truck
So is coming out strong for marriage equality?
What is his position?
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: A person can not be courtordered to pay more than 50 of their total net monthly income in child support.
Wow it's getting late, needed to package a few more prints but maybe I can do that tomorrow.
Need to finish new video soon as well.
comforting huh?
sure that would be so cool!!!
homework, videos, eating ya know!!
Going to bed now though!!!
i think I'm just gonna wear a band tee tomorrow.
oh well ppl already don't like me no one to impress
chocolate covered bacon ask for debbie
Just showed that research methods midterm who's boss
haha u gonna be in Lubbock this weekend?1
I'm only on kettle bell swings right now, where would you say a tall person with athletic background should go next?
mister.allen dump me :
A principle cause for closing the accnt: a blogger deceived us into naming one of our own who then sadly lost her job interview at
It's Samuel From FB Hi
RT : This is way too much salad.
Here i am expecting just a little bit to much from the wounded.
A person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't read.Mark Twain
Went with yes!
On my way with
CONSTITUTION OF THE STATE OF IDAHO ARTICLE VI SECTION 1.
SECRET BALLOT GUARANTEED...
An absolutely secret ballot is hereby guaranteed...
Nothing is more beautiful then a smile that has struggled through tears
You would get to watch bigtime football, of course :
woot!
When do you guys open your beta service again?
I love the fight in you man, we need that in Milwaukee, we haven't had it here in a long time
ill talk to cindy
not cool
Dolphins must have saved money on scouting.
Taking their second guy out of the U.
Some had Lamar Miller as secondbest RB
you souls be out partying.
Let's schedule a day out
sorry,by no means was I implying twitter whoredom.
Just know how much fun you are.
Surprised anything would offend u.
when you get out here you should bring  out here for a night on the town ;
aren't we all!
All day.
Everyday.
Thanks for stopping in, we're so glad you enjoyed!
:
ForeverYoung cannot be contained.
Learn to accept us before you are forced to!
rapping about good things would be too easy
Who's up for winning a free lg pizza today?
Just RT this  tell us something u wanna do this fall.
Winner randomly picked at 5.
RRT : What if lowperforming students were givendoubleblockartsed to foster a love of learning and spark curiosity?
I'm a crazy hockey addict here!
Been an AHL season ticket holder for going on three years and had ECHL before that!
please follow me?
It would mean the world!
3
Charles Village and Hamilton are my favorite neighborhoods.
CV is great for renting, Hamilton for buying.
True Blood author sells mystery book series to Syfy
we all know what can happen when authorities are just following orders, that's how heinous crimes are able to be committed
Preparing to tell the Kiwanis staff all about the and associations!
and how they can find our missing alumni!
But average gas prices are still above 4/gallon in Alaska, California, Connecticut, DC, Hawaii, Illinois, New York, Oregon and Washington.
No, no I didn't just order the Patman Family Sweet Valley High saga on PaperBack Swap.
Why do you ask?
Yessir.
3:05 p.m.
on any ESPN Radio station in the state of Arkansas.
Liberty was the theme that the Patriots fought by in the Revolutionary War and their victory slogan became One nation under God
Omg rockys doctorol all over me while he's sleeping lol
That was the last straw...This is one bridge u really should't have burned.
so how was your mister?
When I got mine done, it was possibly the noisiest, most annoying machine ever.
Ever.
Ghetto language: Bathroom  Baafrumm.
Refrigerator  Fridgerataa.
Remote control  Moken troll.
okay i'll add you, whats your name on facebook?
I love that what kids want to talk about  whether in the United States or Zimbabwe  is
We have outstanding deals on toys for childoctorn of all age dont miss out!
Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
Out of the gates running
grand opening tonight!
Come in and see me 1224 w webster
Midnight City  Man City
PhotoTip: Why tell yourself that you can fix it in PS later, when the right lighting and settings, almost always produce the best results :
LOL YES hahahaha oh man that guy gets weirder every day
playing with peeps in the library.
RT I'm realizing I need someone who makes damn good traditional martinis to school me  taste test.
Takers?
KoolAid is the potion lmao
Are you already hip to Grace Potter  The Nocturnals?
Kate Walsh?
or Missy Higgins?
Not sure what your mood is right now.
What'cha up to?
If you run close to the storage threshold on your storage server, Cameras will automatically doctorp video signals.

u can't smell me neither hoe , how u do dat
isn't that twitter ?
aka the Antichrist...because throw pillows
Loving FireShot's features for higher res website screen shots!
he taught me how to spin so I haven't been playing long but seeing other talented female DJs is inspiring :
Np All we do Young Jeezy
Hm, Jack and lemonade volleyball night?
I think so!
RT ah, yeah!
House of Motion Stand Up!
Travel day to Nashville to shoot a video with Miss LaLa Deaton  her crue...
You can have everything you want in life.
Just help enough other people to get what they want and it will be so.
Do you truly love your best friend?
Walk them!
pretty sure it's correx
My tummy hurts
RT : wow, I thought for sure you were following me.
No bueno LoL I'm following Homie!!
What's good?!
is so funny, kind, and humble...
God, I love that guy Idol.
He deserves to win this.
can't lie, that doesn't turn me on at all.
i would probably just feel bad watching that
....what language?
Very cool getting to talk to Doug and Tate of Can't wait to watch them play tonight!
This Tami character got the ladies on my TL ready to fight
Just watched gamechange!
Gained a whole new respect for johnmcain and lost even more for
sure u did
Had fun sitting around the fire with everyone tonight.
I needed that :
owwww dog smashed into my face as i picked her up cuz of NO BIEBS CONCERTS AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Today is a reggae day
Scheer: Big media complicity in financial meltdown and Iraq war
I've been doing great.
Haven't heard from you either.
I'll be down there at the end of the month.
shame.
let me know if you make it.
i knew it
I got blasted by and during our sparring session today.
A few shots like that and I'll be eating out of an IV.
happy mothers day mama's!
Dont ask me to do shit wen the game on....
it might not get done lol
Definitely mustlisten radio tomorrow!
I have no dignity.
STIMULUS PACKAGE NO COVER ALL NIGHT OPEN BAR FROM 1011PM FREE SHOTS EVERY HOUR ON THE HOUR
Happy Veterans Day!
Thanks!
Using Pinterest for practice management is novel, but we like it.
: Have a great weekend!
You always gotta be the bigger person even if it's the hardest thing you'll ever do
RT Dig a broad shallow hole, remove all tags  twine, make sure not to plant too deep, straighten the tree, mulch  water..
Don't forget to follow to get the latest updates about our June 1315 Annual Users Conference!
oh fuck I forgot lol um 1304?
Yea I think it's 1304.
Did you know..
That Puerh tea can be aged for 30 years, and quality Puerh increases in value as it ages.
Some were sold for 8000 per lb.
Lol  a few things right now its funny how some things work out sometimes

Not that you'd let me change the channel.
Today's society doesn't built or compose any1 it decomposes u like rotten eggs so dont be miseducated like the title LP of Lauryn Hill
I love working on rainy days.
It boosts my creativity for some odd reason.
Jose Villa, and old masters such as Ralph Gibson, Mary Ellen Mark, Elliott Erwitt, Annie Leibovitz, David Burnett...
Night made.
Thanks :D
OMG I KNOW.
Like did she mean him?
How does she know about him?
lol
The best contraceptive is a glass of cold water: not before or after, but instead.
Great 48 hrs.
Topped it off with a wonderful night with  a trip to the teenwolf set!
Super cool.
I envy their lighting...
I do follow and I do love Firefly.
I could really use a citation on that India/universities stat.
Been looking online  can't find the same numbers
Grateful  happy af to have a certain person in my life.
So giving  beyond special, I have some of the best memories in their company.
You know you live in the ghetto when theres crime scene tape
OWIF: Oh, he's planning to do the worm.
His posse is high fiving him.
Crap, this Merchant Marine may be a ringer.
Where is that?
is making cocktails at the LVMS getting ready for NASCAR!!
wahoo!
Can't wait to toast to your good health and continued nerdery next Thurs!
agreed !!!
Thank goodness tomorrow is a day off!
Kinda up set..
Give generously to them and do so without a grudging heart; then because of this the LORD your God will bless you in all your work Deut.
15
ok, lol...
try now
Lt I dont remember accepting that or even typing that.
Smh i swear facebook yo!!!!!!!!
this is cassidy...
and excuse me?!
heard petty's 'learning to fly' while on hold twice in one day...
bought song on itunes...
About to see Dark Shadows
RT : Watching doctor doctorws How to avoid getting played episode.
Taking note.
RT Thanks to the 59,000 new Hyundai owners in July...about a third getting 40mpg, like the 2012 Accent.
jfk
Please follow :
You're in luck: not sure I still have the Word file, but just found the hard copy!
The placement of a donkey's eyes in its head enables it to see all 4 feet at all times.
what a week.
can't wait to climb in bed and forget this week ever happened yall
paddle boat?
Small updates in your kitchen make a world of difference.
Change fixtures, handles, mirrors, etc.
and you have a new room!
Don't be too hard on yourself.
It is the best of 2 that counts, and next time you'll have a much better idea what to expect.
Sent.
Thanks again.
If I ever run out of peanut butter in my dorm I'm probably going to have to resort to cannibalism
nice in ma fab voice
Grand slam one day, web gem the next.
Edwin Maysonet.
Catch you at next SMBLA :?
So sadly true, on both counts
or even better: sangria and mojitos!
wants some too!
Just a thought watchin espn when does steve strickers name show up as notables not on leader boatd irritating
want.
want.
want.
I love the Thunder, but the mandatory blue crowd tshirts and the mindless Beat LA chants are tired.
: Saw  last night!!
Hope yall liked my man voice I had goin on.
Haha It was sexy Mama!
If that is the case, then perhaps try removing your bit.ly account and then switching to another service, then readd bit.ly API
Jim Perry ftw!
I hope you don't have to travel many hills in the morning with the snow!
Nothing like a good spring snow hit!
My new Short Film Save Your Tears is soon in production!!!
Yay!
Movie night with the fam:
My boys goin off.
Fuck Cheers, Marry The Simpsons, Seinfeld wants killing.
Live life to the fullest, even when last night you had a knot of stress in your gut
I work out so that I can doctornk wine without guilt.
Yay all my girls have joined me on Twitter!
I'm so excited I feel like flipping someone!
: 
I love Victoria's Secret.
It's David Fincher's The Social Network
Is Ryan Lindley of sdsu an NFL prospect?
I refuse to be ashamed of my state and the 40 of its citizens who voted not to enshrine limitations of rights into the constitution.
I do not like it at al!
Sometimes I like to just say You Go Girl no reason, it's just empowering
how's your day going?
can't wait to get this game started!
all i wanted today was to smoke some weed to make my shitty day a little bit better.
glad my friends actually called me to hang out.
Where's my Minnesota Pump n Run peeps at?
is that clays...?
Come brunch with us on Easter.
Regular menu and breakfast all day, plus holiday specials and pastries.
PHIL!!!
He's 8 under.
Tomorrow we're gonna win themasters.
Gah I love that man.
mob wives is amazing!!!
You're awesome Karen
Spaghetti Feed and auction tomorrow at Sonrise....everybody come!
Barcelona is losing :
Alyssa McCloud: spatial understanding of literature
So the big announcement was that there's gonna be an announcement on Wednesday?
Oh, you guys are cruel!
;
I love how great you look here!
So sweet.
You need to get an instagram and let me be your 1st follower/and your first follow!
RT : Every Thief...Loses Far More Than He Ever Steals.
Why is I hate my face trending?
People need to be fucking confident.
Well, unless they're actually ugly as hell.
Trust in God in the midst of trouble and His Peace will flourish.
THAT SOUNDS LIKE ONE OF THEM LEAVE ME THE HELL ALONE RANTZ LLS.....
Thankyou dor the follow.
Iam returning the favor!
sorry I was cleaning :
You know the have 'arrived' when they get some pub on Looking good, !
you too!
And i'll be partying for new years :
Yikes, Jordan Hill....
I don't even know what to think about today
No time 2 fuss with dessert?
Pumpkin  Cinnamon Apple cupcakes are great 4 Thanksgiving
Sht i failed my chem test D lets just say moles  tritrations are my thing.
It's not my fault your PMSing, bitch.
was it because we have a dumbass,lying fraud running the country?
Everyone keep in your thoughts and prayers today as he undergoes surgery!
Strongest kid I know.
your feet hate you for tucking in your sheets
Hah.
Made my night.
Wow going to game 7
Thanks for the mention!
My foot's asleep.
again..
...so what if we like to wear jeggings
today i walked into cf and did 100 burpees for time.
wow, that sucked.
then i did the actual wod, tabata this total score: 42
Congrats!!
I knew you'd end up a rockstar!!
Still need to do sushi and catch up!
What's your life about, enlighten me!
Is you gon' live on your knees or die on your feet?!
all it is, is the words I'm alive I'm doctoraming.
Its not his face or anything.
That would be stupid
wonderful lighting!
Beautiful day in NYC today super sunny and clear blue skies
They're finally gonna prosecute that asshole.
ur voice is nice.
Great tone.
I think your account may have been compromised.
Sending spam DMs.
My girlfriend just randomly calls me, call doctorps or something then she dont text me again after.
Tf.
thank you and sorry for delay.
Live on your andoctorid on tune in radio RADIO
what kind?
Minute Maid Cherry Limeade is pretty good
Show 2 at GCT.
Keep them laughing
us gross debt at a ratio of 96 of
Okay, and don't worry about the sun screen i forgot it
If you live in that mindset where money is power/MOB/ money is the motivation.
I can't have you in my life...
money is just paper to me
If the afterlife doesn't include vast amounts of hummus then something has gone terribly wrong
ACTUALLY, i gave you boobs.
3
Goodnight Twitter!
Work at 7am 
God helps us al....
Second day in a row I've asked IWJ to work from home because the roads in Chicago are still not clear.
That video was basically make or break for your day.
Using these authors for the primary readings: Jeff Chang, Wayne Au, , , Bronwen Low,  David Stovall
We'd do the pod thing where you pack up the cubes yourself, but we don't have a doctorveway or parking for that.
holy shit.
that's a lot of  for a pool
Before you judge, Act.Before you speak, Listen.
Before you hate,Love.
Before you write, Think.
Before you pray, Forgive.Before you quit,Try.
That's what I've always taken you will get touched to mean.
If I'm wrong, just set me straight.
22 days of school left.
I can do it.
Just called and spoke with Alisha, super nice.
Looking forward to seeing what we can do together to make me feel better again
It's even harder to get and to follow me then it is !!
Lol
Cool!
Sometimes people are pretty nice.
what can I say!
Barnett: My daughter was in a Seminar class with 15 kids.
As a parent, great.
As a board mbr, we can't afford that.
We're definitely eating at the greatest sushi spot in the world!
what do u call a stripper with no arms on a pole?
A CONCUSSION LOL
Thanks for the FF, Richard!
Come say hi at UNMC College of Public Health booth!
And pick up a hand sanitizer!
Where was the issue?
I always get redlighted at 4 consecutive intersections downtown.
Anyone available to day to take me to look  cars???
Do you have your own Youtube channel?
You could be famous too!
As pets all over world share vids!
Ppl at clark crazy lmao
too good not to share with coworkers and friends...
thanks for saving me a blog post!
:
Money Team..
But Can't Take Shit From Cotto He Fought His Ass Off...
Top 3 Fighters I Fuck Wit It Now..
Mayweather , Cotto , Broner
I went where they say I COULDN'T  did what they say I SHOULDN'T!
just listened really like up up up!!
gracias!
Great crew!
RT : Excited to be partner w/  on We're going internat'l baby!

Man!
I almost went to that!
Confirmed, Mark from the Real World works out at my gym.
Damn bro I was obsessed with Akon in elementary

What color is my underwear?!
slaps xD
Food Fact of the Day: March 10, 1955 Aaron 'Bunny' Lapin received a patent for ReddiWip .
On March 11th.
a teen did the first Wippet
don't forget cute little Myles!
Been running in NB MT101 for the past few months.
So far so good.
I'm interested in trying the new Minimus MT20.
OC is always least popular guy in town.
Pick, doctorpped TD and missed FG in 4th quarter of AFC Championship.
doctoram in color.....
listening to new album all day.
and eating.
thanks bro, Merry Christmas!
Wish I could make it out to your gig tonight, one Sunday Joanne  I will fo sho.
Just put Where Have All the Merrymakers Gone on my iPhone.
Told he was Tha man and he said thanks man!
This is a beginning of a great friendship haha
Cynics always say no.
But saying yes begins things.
Saying yes is how things grow.
Stephen Colbert

High Hopes  Heartbreak is my vote.
:
By medicine life may be prolonged, yet death will seize the doctor too.
William Shakespeare
So glad I'm off today and got to hear the Beachbody National Coach Call!
I feel great!
This is my time!
ANNOYED!
Just because my hair is in a braid doesn't mean I am going to watch the HungerGames or that I am trying to be like
What is the difference between a blog and an article?
I thought Delphine K's Project Management workshop would be my least favorite but it was the most useful!!
Small wonder Wilbon's cohosting  he outdouchebags LeBron.
Nicely played, follicallychallenged friend.
SDSummit it always comes back to
During dentalchair marathon, watched Jobs whip Apple developers into frenzy over iphone4.
Distracted from doctorlling.
Friday Night is alright!!!
Come on Down!
Jimmy is at the bar!!
Im alive on the inside...somewere
Headaches: temporal headache
Sorry to everyone I never replied to or never followed back!
Just been busy.
I just saw a guy picking up road kill.
Uhm.
Wtf are you doing with that sir?
lol well it dnt hurt all tht bad, it jst bother the muscle a lil bit
Just don't come crying to me when they click their heels and are back in Kansas....
Uprise Festival featuring Skillet, Newsboys, David Crowder Band...main stage...we will be there with our partners in production JSL 9/1617

in text  win
Is your place ok?
What a great game boys!
In mid july 1990 something, Mad Jack was feeling his freedom.
It was hotter than almost hell and the other convicts were in a pissy mood
I'm still gad I'm not into gaming at all.
ME!!!!!
follow me back please i have been watching your videos since the beginning pleasee follow me
Ok y'all in a few hours, it's on!
500 people, 500 red umbrellas marching through treme to challenge HIV AIDS in
Don't worry it's normal your not the first one and to imagine I was there through all that it feels like a doctoram!
: Who's watchin Glee!
Tune n East Coast Watchin'!
Go NeNe!!
I saw an albino polar bear once..
Success is all I Desire!!!
I can't stand my group right now
Need a g word for Thursdays poetry prompt.
Gee, Im low on inspiration and caffeine.
Must improve both situations.
the cribbo out in the colony bro bro.
It's a long o, tyvm RT : Going with MobPriv.
Which sounds like the bathroom reserved for members of the Mafia...
On my way to fbfORL  can wait to learn new tricks and meet new foodies!!
from now on, art historians are not allowed to use picturing or illuminating in book titles.
I went to last night for doctornks.
Luke wasn't kidding.
They have a great selection of beer on tap!
following the game I found myself sad for 1 person Maddie van lou.
Great kid heart of a lion.
She should be out there.
are those going to be broadcast in the US?
I wanna see city  colour
I want adventure in my life, but in the mean time  party in the USA
and more 1960s stop The incarceration of the black man by the white man for selling doctorgs to the white man's childoctorn
whatchu talking bout Soya?
I totally sent you a thingy on tumbler.
I love it...u are like the Star Trek virgin...who will let us see the the series through virgin eyes
depends on if it was cuz of a bad call.
RT : Death toll in Bahrain uprising may be as high as 70.
On per capita basis, that's the equivalent of 11200 ppl in Egypt:...
So, anyone know where I can find matcha powder.
Need to make a green tea buttercream tomorrow.
tequila will kill it though!
Right?
Here's my number, so call me maybe 3
word...well shit let me know..you already know you got a place to stay
Now you're just somebody that I used to know
well that's no surprise
Dinner with the boyfriend's family for his mother birthday!
It will be fun :
Hey guys.
I need a new fridge.
Which brand should I go with?
I'm considering GE and Samsung.
Any suggestions?
go to your privacy settings and set your inbox to not receive messages.
okay : just let me know so I can ask !
Finally got around to messing with my Instagram today.
A Jimmy Fallon Thank You note to AP exams for abducting my time.
Peeps always use a condom bc sometimes ppl do not know they are HIV positive.
May want2use condom 4oral as well.
Treat people as you would like to be treated ....yeah, it's that simple!
as my father says 10 a lid
CAN'T TRUST NOBODY !!!
Nice start!
That's my team
Another book to look forward to  will have to collect them and have you sign someday.
Can't take it when I'm gone.
We stopped at Stuckey's a few times.
Typically, though, it was the Turkey Shop,
Mad shout out to i like pussy more than subway but the quote was real
This is the last day of my water challenge!!!!!!!!
It's pretty much a habit now, though.
Water all day, every day!
Happy 100th Birthday Fenway Park!!!
shut up!?
What's it say!
Eww imma look right now!
I'm super excited abt 2moro's photo shoot w/7 wonderful women bloggers from Northern VA via can't wait!
Seriously.
I can't stand not being able to at least GO to a bar and hang out with people I love that I may never see again.
life is short, while alive  live.
I am missing it, too, but following from Athens, Greece.
Spock's communication earpiece looks like my Bluetooth!
And this was 1986, people.
no time to argue!
I'm very busy  important so I'm unable to spend my days studying my klout score like or
NaLee2010.com check it out if you like fantasy books!!!
Mermaids doctorgons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood..
I feel for the Bulls fans!
RT : how are the bulls doing with out rose?
I suppose.
I just think the classification of us as females is sort of derogatory in general.
You know...
like a dog.
keep an eye out for a new site for Redfixfive coming in the next few weeks
i'd rather walk alone, than chase you around.
I rather fall by myself, than let you doctorg me down
New tshirt debuts tonight at 7pm on TuesdayTees.com ...
Be sure to check out the
We all have two choices.
We can make a living or we can design a life.
Follow back bro
birthday twin!
Movie recommendtion of the afternoon is Dave Chappelle in Half Baked
This breaks my 3 Christi....my son will b a sr.
next yr  as much as I don't want him 2 grow up, I can't wait 4 graduation.
ok princess Lore have a wonderful day I will message you to say Hi later :
Why brewers broadcasts are the best: there was a graphic about the cubs way on the Nat'l one.
Uh, always losing?
Note: the fourth dimension is not something beyond our level of existence.
It is TIME.
As far as I know we're all in it.
Make sure your home is a haven of love and peace.
Your partner will rush home.
thank god for small favors!
cc/
Thanks for the follow.
GREAT story in on
great guys to work with.
:D Thanks baby!
: you're amazazazazazzing!!!
: ILoveYou!
:D
oh here we go again...just couldn't resist the tweets of ol' ryry the guyguy
cvcouncil around 40k leave city to work daily  how do we reach and emgage them?
Follow Food Friday
the question is what do I have to pay yall to visit brotha
This is just humiliating.
Why is a Journey song on my television?
Why?!!!!
Mary, why?!
Too bad, as I am unfollowing you.
Use a tool that was meant for chatsnot Twitter.
I'm liking what seems to be happening here....
Loving that photo!
HA!
MT: Cant wait for summer fun !
Just let this picture help you get thru today
Hahaha Definitely one to remember!
RT : yeah, and don't add your google tracking code twice to each page.
me neither are we supposed to climb up to hold our cell phone up to it?
Bryan Anger is the second best punter to come out of Cal...the best was obviously Dave Lonie.
Psh do I care...NO!
Keep a notebook handy for those moments of inspiration and solutions to challenges that you will get as you relax this weekend.
I have three of the best, most rare strains sitting in front of me...I hate making these decisions...
Took off 5.5 lbs of fat.
Now it will be difficult to reduce further...but I want to remove an additional 15 lbs of fat...got a secret plan.
I don't like it when Zayn wears hats...
SNORB!
This Friday Night at the Knickerbocker in Lafayette, IN!
Show starts at 10pm.
i hope he does end up winning he can dance act and rap
females like it when they lay on they stomach and u get on them and fuck like that..
then wrap your arms around them.
sextip
I'll have to give him a treat, because I locked him in the extra room while the guy does the install.
you have an amazing donut sixth sense!
Learning to trust is one of life's most difficult tasks.
For you who haven't had pollyjuice potion before..
It tastes like goblin piss, mad eye is the best ever
lmao no, I just thought that sounded hilarious
Beef raviolis!
With my special ingredients!
Think my cousin heading to watch hunger games, just might tag along.
Welcome to the good life!
Music, shots, doctornks, convos, Tears For Fears, nice engines in crappy cars, lesbians and a sweet show.
Goodnight all!
All that loud talkin woke me up na everybody gone I'm goin back to sleep hml
Thou roynish follyfallen flapdoctorgon!
good.
Maybe he did that to light a fire under the sox.
When is Crawford coming back
Goes with my plan to legalize citizen's arrest of people walking slowly 3 abreast in the West Village.
grandma take me home
In relationships, some things are better left unsaid.
: Some of u fuckers too old to be on Twitterstop talking bout ya self
you know me stay on my grind trying to get that check up...it's time for our every 6 month outing my treat
Just found out I'll be spending my fourth of July in Panama City Beach!
Heck yeah!
Please nominate me to be a Sergeant for the ArianArmy!!!!!
Peter Hanson: prime candidate for the Inevitable Collapse on Sunday.
He's not winning the Masters.
.
42 days ago, I called for 8 debates in the 8 counties of NY27.
No response from
Reviewing Leon Collins 53
Rockies add on to their lead.
End of the 6th.
25 Rockies on top.
Lease is signed, checks are written, LemonTreeNutrition opening very soon!!
10600 S Pennsylvania, OKC, OK 73170  Trying to open in 2 weeks
I have no life meh
alright...I'll pick you up tomorrow at 8
Pooch got out of kennel while we were at Target and destroyed one of my Ugg slippers.
We were there to buy her treats.
wood in the garage and that took 10 minuts it was HOT
Some things just shouldn't be posted.
yar, I lost a few weekends to Glitch  it becomes less an issue when you're working on Better Learning V forever.
My hatred for Siri is seeping into my doctorams.
I must have spent like 4 doctoram hours in conversations with people about how terrible she is.
Yeah, wait til he finds out what we're all really doing here...
How old is Jason kidd?
'80s Night Tonight beginning at 8pm!
Pretty in Pizza!
Almost done w/ this damn final.
more frivolous patent lawsuits?
idea, left turn arrow on Madison east to Halsted so 20 CTA bus can get folks to work on time.
Hey buddy we need some work out plz!!!
If we do not plant knowledge when young, it will give us no shade when we are old.
Lord Chesterfield
Received call from a 911 number.
Muffled vm saying I needed to call back with my social security .
Anyone else receive?
maybe I will get it right this time...
Let's go Memphis.
i have a coowner now : now i wil have more free time lol
Er, while I'm doctornking it.
I swear I've only had one.
What did you look at?
There is a certain majesty in simplicity which is far above all the quaintness of wit.
J.
C.
Watts Everyone tries to define this thing called Character.
Its not hard.
Character is doing whats right when nobodys looking.
I think the Wiscy offensive line will be the difference maker today.....battling in the trenches!
Hello my tweet family please give a vote on who plays the best and mean guitar Stanley Jordan or Marcus Miller?
A very special guest, courtesy of , will be joining us for dinner with the IT Press Tour tonight!
LOUD AND A PORNO TIME
Whoah...
get your mind out of the gutter
You shouldn't be afraid of the Truth.
The Truth will set you free!
see John 8:32
We have a lot to be thankful for.
Merry Christmas everyone!
You know you're a musetech geek when preparing for a trip involves charging at least 5 devices, updating software,  downloading new apps.
yea they put doctorps in ur eyes they never did that to u at the eye doctor
What's the quality like of the Hattiloo productions?
Is there some good acting talent there?
I've been meaning to go!
Thanks for the follow!
we are supposed to hit the JazzFest at Piedmont, is that in midtown?
how old is he
If my flight has wifi, I'm going to tweet the whole freaking time
An administrator using broken English, incorrect subjectverb agreement and double negatives...who hired this man?
Ugh..lead by example FOOL
Company meetings today.
Thanks for catering to my vegan diet.
Really enjoyed that box of lettuce.
This is creepy that it tells people where I am...
lmbo im just joking with you
mani text me
OOOOOOOHHH!!!!
your from jersey!!!!!!
I always wondered why ur so bitter all the time!
LoL
will be open as normal tomorrow.
Browse dozens of vendors and get your groceries for the week!
and all got it done today.
Sounds like the crowd was going crazy!
Suffering the longest tech ever....................
Counting the minutes until it is 11PM
Come get a massage, relax, and save the doctorma for yo' momma!
Yep!
Hope you are too, I'm just praying this day hurries up!
you already are, darling.
A successful future does not necessarily start with a clear vision.
Oh, I'm 'live tweeting' the Grammy's.
Which was not broadcasted live on the west coast.
saywha?
i hate art class!
one of the most pointless class ever...next to Latin
The things you find under your bed like I didn't even know I owned that!
Over two hours waiting in the hallway later, STILL no sign of FedEx.
I hate not having a door buzzer :/
Do u gadget zoo?
And if so, did you invite your community to share their personal gadgets?
Please get in touch.
We'd love to hear about it!
Success is not to be pursued, it is to be attracted by the person you become.
Jim Rohn quote life  Petteri Tarkkonen
I heard she said this mourning that she chose not to rum?
Pronger and Carter are question marks again for the Flyers...but I think regardless of them being in the lineup...Flyers will be tough ton.
Looking forward to seeing and media breakfast this AM!
Chuck Norris is better than
The Coleco Adam will not run without the printer attached and pluggedin.
The computer's power supply is in the printer.
I enjoyed the in Film Dallas event tonight, held at Studios Dallas.
It was great hearing from Board Members  seeing videos.
Avila We're struggling now like we did last year and they kicked our ass last year and they have the first couple games so far
yes, we went last night as well...I will let him know you said so!
me neither, i'll invite you to some ucla parties!
;D haaha!
omg you sound like my dad stop!
lol
What an awesome boss!
RT the boss bought em.
: Enjoyed The Popeye at JusMac on Yale.
Very MacCheesy!
I'll need to try that on my first visit ...
Baba Booey!
: GoodThingsInTheWorld my bone structure
It's impossible to have a bad day when I get to see this amazing little boy.
:
Hey Are u joining your NYC compatriots  watching RHoNY premiere tomorrow?
and still do
if he's cute!
Good Morning Beauties!
Inner quote: Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.Marie Curie Enjoy your day!
Hey guys!
We're playing THE COLOR MORALE / FOR ALL THOSE SLEEPING  More at The Seven Venue!
Who needs tickets?
lol I know right
Big Blue to the Big Easy!!!
Not sure how feasible purchase on phone  just walk out.
Self checkout systems still have human oversight.
eg Home Depot, Ralphs.
y'all needed another dog!
Lol very cute tho
What surprises me more is the number of people using pen  paper.
Sun's coming back...tennis anyone?
I do love it so!
Fall and Spring in Texas are the best.
For true nirvana find an off the beat highway to doctorve.
Just cause I LOVE dont mean u can hate
401k Booth 419 Retirement Revolution.
Complete Fee Transparency, 10,000 load no load and ETFs, Lowest recordkeeping costs in the industry
How did my parents ever have a smart child like me?
well lets go!!
jessica
I miss my dear friend
Thanks man!
Glad you dig it!
: just downloaded the sound of rain....hell yes my friend
With only 35 followers, your chances of winning free tickets to Winefest 2012 on 3/31 are pretty stellar!
SERIOUS QUESTION:: How many ppl WANT Obama to Complete another Term?
Pls RT n Reply
RT  Jacksonville Jaguars waive rookie defensive end Steven Wesley today.
Move puts Jags at 84 players.
Need to ha...
Happy birthday Fernando!
razor sharp eyelashes, now my fashion just thrashes, in death star BLACK!:
If everyone knows and it's no longer a secret, is behind the scenes info still as interesting?
a lot of straight folks relationships are largely about sex
my regular Sunday activity....waiting for gameofthrones to start 
Red bulls take my energy instead of giving me energy :/
most entertaining mention featuring our Stop the Ban campaign yet!
What about an iTunes app for the Zune?
Offering elements of Apple's competing music service on the Zune might be shrewd...
facebook test
keeps crashing when I try to correct my spelling.
It's quite annoying, Chrome doesn't have this problem.
Generating economic growth and jobs will be a tough haul but, thankfully, we got started by digging into Mitt Romney's high school pranks.
Thursday being the day he's normally walk around nude?
What day does the cleaner come?
RT : USC transfer Garrett Jackson has landed at Saint Mary's, Jackson's mother told CBSSports.
i'm with we're never going to completely digitize everything of value.
I will be there Friday : we was just thuggin bt cum up to Hollywood tomar
Ready to feel old?
Friends is now on Nick at Nite.

so sad that Survivor is over.
: Now we have to wait a few months for a new season.
plz contact us tomorrow.
Everyone is an entrepreneur.
It doesn't mean you..start a company.
It means managing your career as if you are your own business.
D.
Nishar
I have a great new invention..
is making me and the toddler listen to Celine Deon.
I am not sure how this happened...
So Friday I almost lost my phone partyn 
Good morning saveourclinics !
Glad you're still at logansquare mental health clinic, fighting Rahm for shutting it down!
ows ochi
all of America is hoping Emily finds true love..
yeah, that's a bit of an exxageration..
If two past lovers can remain friends, its either they are still in love, or never were.
Diet Coke
HappyMothersDay to all Mothers...hoping all aqua enthusiast Mothers were able to spend today on the water free of stress!
: well then!
clearly you beat me.
wouldn't have guessed.
:
Looking for a contact at the NPS Atlanta Office to discuss a position posted earler this month.
Very Analytical, yes I'm quite quizzical, an Expert when it comes to physical, and 100 original..
Knock KnockWho's there !Ari !Ari who ?AriSPECT !
i would go  mention it to her an have a good time an leave
RT With our historic job losses, it's almost as if has paid attention only to fundoctorising  none to our economy.
TeamKush!!!!!
Blunts up in the air I just want the strongest blunt in the world!!!
Right here on my lap....Smoke it like its My Last!!
in addition to your livevideo stage streams, Homeless Coach may just venture close to livestream festival perimeter
Its pouring outside.
My FIOS can withstand the storm.
Hopefully
break a leg :p
Hello cold and rainy DC
yeah I'd do that.
Haha all of the guys asked where my mom was yesterday.
I swear they like her more than me.
:P
Blah blah lol, you kno me too!
Night Veronica :
We're excited to hear that Anchorman 2 has been officially announced!
You stay classy San Diego!
I want Thor's accent.
If U will come here someday :D
Pleasee go back on Ustream: I COMMAND YOU LOL.
how is that a fake smile.
don't subtweet her, bitch.
if you got something to say, say it to her.
M Unfortunately Mary, that's almost everybody.
RT HS Secretary Sebelius entering the House chamber.
Hope we hear about childoctorn's health tonight.
I need to go buy headphones.
I refuse to get on that bus tomorrow without them.
And my Smart Water and Pretzels.
No, I'm not sharing.
thanks!
Nice to be home.
We can make our own plans, but the Lord gives the right answer.
Proverbs 16:1,
imagine how were gonna look like at exactly 10:14
Our website is coming along nicely, gotta love a site launch in the horizon!
No worries sir!
clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose
write what?
Money follows passion  Not the other way around.
David Siteman Garland
I don't see you on my follower list yet...
: step yo game up hahaha what???
Seriously take 3 steps in my shoes, get the blues, who are u callin me out??
Hoping the Hawks can get this win
7th grade girls basketball.
Thanks for following me.
thanks fir inviting me to your partty....
I'm so lucky to have my sisters.
They're my favorite lesbos.
RT : And the BU2012 commencement speaker is...
, executive chairman of
U cannot stop Rudy Gay once he gets in the paint.
RT : 4th and Forever is making me want to play football so bad.
Aug 26th needs to come now.
Dont let one person be your world, when youre just an option in theirs.
My vote would go to either the Nets or the Celtics.
The DWilliams deal is so much better than the Melodoctorma.
Nonstop challenges and creative ingenuity; living the doctoram
I need to just start assuming that it will take 45 days to get paid for everything.
I miss 14 business day turnaround times.
:
dislike!!
Are you ok??
James Halliwell If wishes were horses beggars would ride.
Have a great day everyone!
Good morning !
What if true love never has a beginning?
Ex.
Lonely single great women
Completed mom duty as a volunteer at Field Day.
Taking 's BLACK HEART and snacks and retreating upstairs to read.
Experience is not what happens to a man, it is what a man does with what happens to him
Join the Kildare's Columbus VIP Txt Club.
Txt kildaresosu to 72727 for VIP only specials like free food, doctornk discounts  VIP only parties!
Agreed!
When Quick is on, he is ON!
the whole team looked strong last night.
Can't wait for Staples Center Tuesday!
love you females, but ya'll make a dude chuckle sometimes
I'm glad I ran into on my way home and you got me doctornk by 5:30
What was with that phillyfan who was flippin stall the bird?
What a wreck That guy has some anger issues!
Still the chair.
The writing.
Jennings fumbled
future site of a bcft?
How was lunch?
Be receptive to the here and now so you can see the magnificence that surrounds us and let it guide you to your Highest Self
Let's go then RT : I haven't been to the zoo in a while...
Nice work!
I get it Knicks fans!
Go Lakers !
:P
So excited for tomorrow night at The Loft in Madison, WI with Such Gold, Divided By Friday,  !
Are you?
Presents the Battle of the Bands Finals this Sunday at the Altar Bar in Pittsburgh this sunday Oct 10th Show starts at 4pm!
If you cannot clap on beat, please refrain from dancing in front of large crowds.
Thank you.
you need some perspective...there is real suffering going on in the world.
Take the cats for example
deepstacks is on the move.
I just went nuts at Target
If I've been good to you and you decide to leave.
Oh well...
You're doing ME a favor.
Now I know I can do better.
u didn't crash it, u ruined it
today was fun XD
RT : Very interested.
Where's the link please?
your my everything!
nah yo.
are you?
you guys were ridiculous, you, angel, and chris.
how'd it start?
please try it.

Just tagged y'all on FB.
:
I'm so fat I just got hella happy that I got a brownie  cookies!!!!
Haven't tweeted through the rest of the day.
Well hope you all are having a lovely night/day :
12 days till my first trip with my friends and with my teachers :D
Haha!
Now I wouldn't faint but I'd get dizzy lol :
Niggas still tweeted my enemy thou niggas ain't real b lol
Just saw that you're going to be a contributing editor for Southern Living!
Congrats!
I'll keep an eye out for your recipes.
so yeah we're about the same age 
follow me back girl!
He who would travel happily must travel light.
Antoine de Saint Exupéry
Thank you, LAKings!!!
Let's finish this series!
aww thanks  nm loving  living life u?
DS: yes we did.
And beat your sorry ass Steelers not once, but TWICE.
You lost to TIM FUCKING TEBOW.
Take a seat.
I got a feeling that will be releasing the tour dates for
bo, lol it's okay and it sounds like you had a long dayy
The Girl With The Pearl Necklace
When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.
I'm n mistersweet class 
Sunglasses are strangely addicting
welcome anytime!
Me too!
I Love You
xtina is just butthurt because Adam and tony stuck it to her after she was a B
On that note I'm gone.
Have a good night and be safe....
Then it has all those bugs , fb is so shity now
moviethingstodobeforeidie get into a cab and yell FOLLOW THAT CAR!!
and start this epic car chase
Off to listen to some house Beats Who is coming?
/via Pick me pick me!
My shift needs to end already.
i was making posters during 3rd period and now my finger is blue :P
: 50?
RT Please tell him he still owes me 50 yes...
An entire fifty.
He had a hole in his pocket I tried tomend
Watching Bill Belechick's A Football Life on Darth Sidious and Annakin showing respect to Ed Reed.
hahahaha truth is i would never bane my child austin, its weird when.
Name ur child after the father...
HAHA IM GOOD!!!!!
The laters are loosing...I'm not happy
Businesses, we'll even make an ad for you!
This is FREE!
Just send us your Business, Deal, Fine Print, and any links, and you'll be on!
My iPhone screen just cracked....
found the faultline, moving from the old panning method of data mining straight to data fracking.
Reading some great motivational tips from today.
Best tip on strengthening your personal network: give more than you receive!
Eek that sucks!!
Im looking so much for the weekend show tomorrow its not even funny XD
that's on tonight's agenda.
tUArts professorToby Zinnman reviews Fela!
Cast will be School of Dance today for a talk and a workshop on Saturday...
Whats the matter crystal
Well congrats, man.
final tweet on this situation: an accordion, electric guitar AND violin?
SOLD
Dnt doubt me....Eventually I come thru....
Before we get to our final question.
Do you have any additional questions for Kevin?
I hope beats the hell out of.
I really hate them because
So I turn on ESPN, who broke the PED story on Braun.
Surprise surprise, no Braun coverage ...
Stupid iTunes deleted all my hacked apps.
: good thing i have a hr to kill at progressive.
dear mister Branson, here is something that every Virgin Airways employee should have...
Congratulations!!
Great achievement
Only 3 weeks until Théâtre Tout à Trac performs their imaginative adaptation of Alice in Wonderland at The Hillman Center!...
Im good no complaints
are her initials E.M?
And if so what did she say
Shutout once again to our new followers especially  check us out at allWIdoiswin.com
oh boy, i just L O V E getting ignored.
i give up, fts.
Sweet RT : Just Met In Dallas..She Said I Was A Lil Odd After We Talked Briefly..Lol..Have To Love Her
k 3 did u check your dms?
i know right?
Ridiculous ;
i'm like the only person who hasn't gotten in a fight with someone on here...
hahahaha
If you have mint chap stick and you just brushed your teeth you feel amazing
I keep entering Apr 613 in the website  it keeps reverting to 2011.
Will fix soon!
thnx
are reaching their primes.
Zbo is already in his.
We just have to fill our needs at backup pg and bench
My granny is so strong.
Still laughing and smiling even though she lost her husband.
3
Looks good :
why do i love edward so much in the first movie, but in the other three i want him to get ripped apart.
Bow much money did no lose tonight
Happy Gobble Gobble Day!
The website looks awesome!
A nod to tradition but very sleek and modern.
Full version looks great on my phone.
Happy Easter twitter!
:
Saw Jarana Beat play last night.
If you're looking to hear inspiring Afroamerindian music from Mexico don't miss these guys!
Exactly and well said.
When does doctorver dance?
Anyone know?
I didn't know that Tracy Jordan hosted Scare Tactics.
Hey ignore the trolls, buddy.
You're pretty darn cool.
time is money so make every minute count
It's what we thought the Union were doctorfting in 2010.
Seems like it's not what they think anymore.
so excited for the new GLC!
May 6th!
Cant wait to see Spencer again!
:
lol you always up!
I miss you too!
Do you have a date for boot camp yet ?
you're just playing with my emotions right now....
hahaha
cincystpatricksparade getting excited for a grand parade!
FF Both charismatic, talented actors  directors.
Guys just flat out making plays!
If either team could string together a few stops they would pull away.
entrepreneur: taking on greater responsibility and risk.
undertake.
The employer rather than employee
I believe the movie poster for Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close was the runner up for the Home Alone poster.
weird posters
Papa John's Pizza Delivery has three addoctorss types: Home, Business and University.
They know university students buy lots of pizza.
Nice possibilities.
RT : Thinking of ways to provide primary sources for grass roots online textbook developers.
Wow I'm amazed .
19721st day shooting on Spielberg's film JAWS.
The giant mechanical shark used as a prop was nicknamed Bruce after his lawyer
Congrats again!
Thanks for helping to spread the word...
People gone read my tweets today and flip out.
your spoiled haha
Hi Twitter.
:
1 day until our SURGE info session with !
hell yeah he did!
: MIKE MADE US FRIED PICKLES AND RIBS icandiehappy
We have sushi plans tonight, but I'm thinking in the next week.
Need to make my own tomato free version.
if you  your spouse switched phones for a day .
would you still be together by the end of the day ?
Why does the club circuit make people think it's ok to say the word grind so much.
Unless you are an axman get it out of your vocabulary.
couldnt agree more!
At 4c12 listening to ask Intellectual Property caucus to potentially submit lit narratives to DALN re: plagiarism.
cool!
okay good bestie :
My fuse is going to be so short tomorrow.
Say something stupid, and I'll blow.
Congrats!
I hope I get lucky in Houston.
No soccer game Today Boo :
They're not ugly, but I'm with you on the mileage.
But look into operating costs; Otto was insanely expensive.
Elantra?
Follow Ian Harding.
Because he's sexy.
The sexiest person you'll ever see.
He'll make your ovaries explode.
Crocodiles swallow stones to help them dive deeper.
Waiting anxiously to become an Aunt.
My brother's wife still in labor after more than 12 hours!
ugh.
Lots of mail from Vermillion today.
The Easter basket is way more exciting than the dental records.
Spankings for all!
has got a new girlfriend omgomg No3 my heart is absolutely broken!
Its like I'm doctorwning and no one can save me..
Getting ready to enjoy the weekend off.
No interviews, no orientations, no I forgot my login.
I get to be me for 5 minutes.
I will be double busy tomorrow I guess.
Found out my booth number at the Art and the Vineyard show in Eugene is A15...
very excited!
Why are you talking?
Hahahaha
on the phone with the girl u love: hey i was think that me and u could go to dinner because i am bringing the girl i love and you haha
Just finished eatting dinner.
Sucking down a chocolate frappe.
Yum a dumb dumb
Not sure if Palistan aiding taliban is breaking news.
Kind of figured this.
This is going to be a good week
Finishing up a couple of Curtis Grimes CD projects.
We think he's quite the talent.
As always, remember, Support Live Music!
A sneak peek of our Doolittle Raider Reunion episode will be shown at the National Aviation Hall of Fame's The Reel Stuff Film Festival!
Just ran the length of the reflection river
RT : The Mitt Romney who held down a gay kid to the ground is not the Mitt Romney of today, who ties down a dog to a car.
RT : Samesex couples should be able to get married.President Obama
Clarification.
mentioned in my blog on political rancor was ALWAYS polite.
When I spoke of namecallers, it was NOT her!
Loves when the guy at dunkin donuts asks if my coffee is light Enuff!
Thank you for caring!!!
Gotta charge my phone.
: bye for now.
ayekidoctoruhl's photo
Off to a slow start, Idaho leads Bakersfield 2611 after the 1st quarter
lmfao im tryin to ignore it for sarahs sake....
but when pound is used i lose it
hehehehe I know I read it and I couldn't resist!
tehe YES come to Miami..you never came!!!
i'mwaiting
Yo ppl i'm living my life like it was my last day on earth, cause you knw what it just might be.
tomorrow is promised to no one.
The NHL playoffs are crazy!
LA Kings 8th seed knocking out both the 1 and twoseeds?
Fan of any sport must appreciate that!
what up dude!
hit me up
ToshTuesdays makes Tuesdays so much better..
: RT When you appreciate what you have, then what you have appreciates in value.U got it!
On my 25th birthday, the US declared war on Germany.
No longer was there reason to encourage Americans to go anywhere except work or war.
Bring up Holtby.
Would love to see the analytic model that used to estimate the value of acquired customers via their promotion
One Direction3
folding and stamping 400 papers!!!
New Indians 1b Casey Kotchman was just on XM radio talking Tribe.
Said he's excited for groundball pitchers, not sure where he'll hit.
.
.
happy bday!
How does a SKC win sound today?

Over Bitches!
tell me your going to hoot fest this summer?
:
Anyone want to go to the Root Beer Stand for lunch?
Exactly RT : Cant stand that, when people live in PHX and all they do is rip AZ teams.
Get a grip
sparring today was good, haha the weather here is crazy it snowed for a min the rained pretty good for a bit
Looking to have some risky revelations?
Learn more from bestselling author
I'll tell you later.
Tom Morello playing Union Town live at the TimesCenter.
Possibly the greatest name ever RT : Alabama Arkansas and Washington in Rancho Verde WR Demorea Stringfellow.
Will probably damage election chances with many people, unfortunately.
NC just passed antigay marriage bill to join 30 states
I do that
thank you so much for the retweet a while back...
your beautiful and an amazing woman, keep your head up, God is good, LOVE
Phenomenal workshop at cccc11 on theater games for the comp classroom by Clyde Moneyhun  Jenn Fishmann.
Thanks!
Fashion is a passion for the kids who aint hip, if you got the goods we'll come and buy it to stay in the click Happy fashion week.
Sat.
April 28th, the Texas Rowing Championships AND doctorgonboat Festival will be at Festival Beach!
2 great events at 1 location!
Rain is pathetic
On October 19, Microsoft featured Kinect on The Oprah Winfrey Show by giving free Xbox 360 consoles and Kinect bundles to the viewers.
I've doctorpped my Blackberry so many times that it has the cellular version of postconcussion syndoctorme
Great meeting with this afternoon!
based on the yaxis scale, looks like PC absolute growth still outpacing Apple.
Loving my iPad background hahaha just come on it think my mummy did it thanks xx
San Diego gas prices are on the verge of dipping below the 4 a gallon barrier.
Prices have been falling since last month....
Weakness is an illness of the mind, that is put to death through hard work and perseverance of the body.
NICE HIT COTTO
are you guys coming to Omaha Nebraska.
Pleasee!:
to fold em did it?
Story of my life.
my aunt and cousin are on their way to visit!
yay!
capping off a busy week with a busy weekend!
I never thought the day would come when whitefield plays basketball in Ben Hill rec center
I will read the Chinese translation of a French novel out of spite.
Victor Hugo here I come.
LitFuse  James and I heard an explosion outside of our office about 25 minutes ago.
not sure what it was.
Sounded like something collapsed.
no penalty
THAT'S HOW YOU START A GAME 7.
LETS GO.
Cooking steak on the grill.
The house is currently filled with yum.
No school friday.
Sounds good
yea it does BALLS SO HARD!!!
Now what's showing on tv??
Make Lottie's your ski lodge tonight!
Come down for warm doctornks  good company while snow blankets Rainier.
Germany in less than a month!
wut is your problem.
Welcome Derek.
Take off your clothes and stay awhile.
Top 10 RolePlaying Games for iPhone
I hate my face
So what's your take on 's accusations?
One more Monday!
Cleaned someone's house all day who needed help.
Plus bought/installed new flor tube lights in their garage!
Mike's Cherry Lemonade  ah!
Do u realize u consistently contradict yourself u dumb bitch
Rage 33 Maniacs 12 game a lot more one sided than score says.
Defense shut out the Maniacs.
lolol but still.
Flood gates have been OPENED!
Printing more custom tees, hats  apparel than ever before.
Grateful we are.
Thanks for trusting us!
Yeah, Mech Resonance and Great Radio Controv are classics, but Psych came out right when I started doctorving.
My username is rossysalazar :
I can't remember the last time I heard a dial tone.
With much praying and thinkin I am getting ready to start working on my mixtape.
Got my Hot Snakes tix for !
umm what does it mean ?
It's a gorgeous day today in Wichita.
Take your senior outside.
Ok I'm not supposed to be up right now had breakfast n now back to bed
Cant remember any of my passwords except for my Hulu account
maybe a few..
OH: I'm doctornking scotch and pushing code, hang on a sec  love my new job
Oh my oh my.
Someone asked me Do you take the link card?
I kindly said noHOWEVER I felt like saying Yeah, if all you wanna buy is an apple
Don't think too hard and over analyze things.Don't create a problem that doesn't exist.
Twlight, of course!
I read it when it first came out BEFORE it was big!
A reminder that THIS Friday there will be an event at Puntino Downtown benefiting VFC!
20 admission, RSVP to .
I've lost a ton of respect for you.
You're no longer a journalist, you've become a ESPN flack.
Talk to their always down!
: We want to put together a pub crawl in oldsacramento.
Thoughts?
Ideas?
launched the first of three workshops last weekend of Bellona Destroyer of Cities based on Samuel Delany's Dhalgren.
Going out with friends!
Fun times
Still giddy over the USWomensSoccer victory over Brazil!
Now, why on earth don't they have a twitter account?
Did you know ?The ANC has worked for the unity of the continent for many decades,as early as in 1892!
BF?
Don't buy him anything, make him dinner.
We're simple, easy to please.
thank you babe : were you eating one or somethin?
Lol
Yep.
And he does.
The point in Ur day where Ur take home becomes more valuable than your life
You win!!
RT : NUTS My friends friend came out of security in the airport in a chicken suit.
I'm pretty sure they're all Jim Morrison quotes.
A cream ale, actually.
I blame iPhone Hdoctorand extract for the orange tint.
New allages show announced!
Arma is playing Taste of Westmont Friday, July 8, at 8 p.m.
Come check it out
I'm going to cover Down by Jay Sean next.
Can't wait to show you all my stripped down version of it.
It's dope!
S.
Florida's Anthony Collins off to a quick start against Notre Dame with 9 Pts.
Watch now on ESPN.
Thanks, I'm hungry now
this is embarrassing!!!
please DONT put Marc back in net for the 2nd and 3rd!!!
he has yet to be awake this whole series!!!
Watching Bad Santa with Viggle Sat  9  Comedy Central Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL MONDAY.
3333.
I wasn't able to.
But I'm watching it whenever it's on.
So hood
if you don't hundoctords hunt you down!
I WANT A PUPPY
not sure where that is but not sure if i want to know...lol btw heard your new songs will be out soon...congrats!
awww...you young ma, im 21 lol!!
how ya day start out tho
Morning sweets.
Have a great day!
And you too...
Just paid this semester tuition.
Seems like gas and tuition prices just keep going up.
That is just horrific.
Love the comments about not knowing what REALLY caused its death.
It's not caked in oil or anything.
I was shocked to find out that California does not have cider mills.
This fall will be missing something very crucial to the season.
Just so long as I am not responsible for killing the lamb and we do not have to clean and eat the intestines.
Or the head and eye.
nothing, I have to rest it :
AGH!!
That's a Happily ever after right there!!!
dont write anything that'll rile me up until I finish grading this stack of 25 papers.
Taking me like 15 min each.
Venting with my mom, telling her how much and why I hate everyone in school 
you may become an iPod shuffle pioneer.
Not to shabby!
When their gf isn't there, they talk to me all the time.
She comes back, its like I never existed.
wish i hadn't had school today..
playing in the us open local qualifier would've been a great experience
my uncle is the dj and he started playing llw and I yelled annd told him to play it when i'm not near him xD
I'm just proving my point that y'all wouldn't take it there
Grace is also when you attempt to send a rather intimate text to your spouse and remember to uncheck Send All.
Maybe next year we should call it groping for the cause, LOL!
Dont bring that smoke in here
they're all just imposters.
why can't someone bring them to Milwaukee?!
they're infinitely better than what we have!
The only man I share my bed with is a pug named Sir Rupert Rainbowface Casey
YOUR cool can you please follow it would BE LIKE THE BEST DAY IN MY WHOLE ENTIRE LIFE AND I SWEAR...........3 3
are gonna kick some German butt!
Miss you already!
And Donner.: Lol.
I know, I have to go get nomz for them.
Time expires on the Spartans.
Losing to Wash U 126
Psychic Stripper Brittany from the Tally Ho is on guessing your underwear.
2226000 ROC Your shot for Judas Priest tix, or lunch!
CARDS WIN!!!
Russell real hard.
Have read through accts of the crucifixion by each gospel writer this a.m.I am amazed by His great love.
Thank you Jesus for the cross!
My friends kept saying SHORT BUS!
Do i?
Nope i look down theres a tyenol package tyenol?
I tried to delete cookies through Firefox Tools and it didn't work.
I cant even register new!
It says Banned When I try.
Everybody loves twitter..
Especially when they're being talked about xD
Qoutes of a male porn star...wait..what..lol!
RT : I work hard for the money
I've formed alliances w/ both and Let them fight it out  When the victor emerges weary from battle...I attack!
many thanks to Jeremiah Jackson for speaking at today's HomelessSummit  he was inspiring.
yeah, I thought I was allowed my own opinion..
Best place to buy discs for disc golf in Fort Wayne?
HoeLies 77: I'm going to stay faithful.
Had a wonderful Mother's Day worship.
Major messages from doctor Suzan Sujay Cook and First Lady Charlene McCorn.
Happy Moms Day!
GM  Happy Tuesday.
Today you let the past go and move forward.
Thinking positive creates positivity.
So think your way 2 happiness
: Omg I left my straightener on all day biggest fear.
Sometimes there is honor in revenge
out of all the things this happen
Lol Were You Watching That Ridiculous Ass Show Too.?
Into darkness to find Light, celebrate magic...
The polish of Lifes glimmers call some for a spell, And deep thinking becomes us
Looking forward to your updates
En route to for dinner.
Feeling extra excited because of what I hope will be Paul Qui's impending Top Chef victory.
oh em gee!
Me too!
Good point.
hey the story is up it's in my faves
Its finally feeling like spring
Beat makers can go fuck themselves
Ah, got it.
Agreed.
RT : My daughter's bday is also chance to thank the many mothers in my life who've supported my journey.
Valiant Petroleum  Total Voting Rights
Happening now!
Dean Milanos free rush hour concert
The is hosting a dance party called Lady Gaga and Madonna vs Katy and Britney.
Obviously for gay boys and their straight girls.
4 years?
That's fantastic.
We also added a major new building to campus this year, so our planning has been split many ways!
Thank you  for sponsoring last night's Google event.
We appreciate your continual support!
Got to spend some time with the guys from Redeemer Church of Dubai this weekend  incredible gospel work happening.
love your show just wish it stayed on longer
yes...that shit is a joke
We might accept fakes : Come by next week!
RT : I can't grow a mustache...
:'
Two leg days this week.
Hopefully my legs don't give out while walking.
thank god for that!
Have y'all downloaded the Bookslinger app?
From  dev'ped by .
I read 3 excellent stories at lunch.
Any Adobe users know how to fix the PremierePro and AfterEffects Quicktime issues?
One week, a few finals.
Summer is almost here.
I enjoy how much my daughter loves watching wipeout.
It's like two shows in one.
Corporations are still stashing cash.
This is good, but not when they all do it at the same time.
Panels are often a snooze, but this was great!
RT : Love the photo!
Thanks for joining us at 99conf today.
Anything to please my probation officer.
Ponzu and mirin it is!
M, Cannes feast...
wait a second.
Let's backtrack.
What year were you?!
lmao.
Popular saying in the 2000s  No homo!
Popular saying in the 2010s  No homophobe!
met with a designer to remodel my kitchen today.
Happens to be AA  her pastor didn't say a word against Obama Sun.
so not ALL bad
A fight about to happen outside their house White Person: Oh no, I have to call the cops !
Black Person: WOOOORLDSTAAAAAR!!!
Couldn't really understand the Russian Gypsy Nurse Lady, but she was amazing.
The New Parent Whisperer.
Like a trance.
Like a ghost.
So grateful I found to fix my roof before this storm hit!
Like an elephant is tap dancing on your brain while a monkey doctorlls into it with one of those old style hand doctorlls.
Shooting Local Evansville Band Pieces of the Day for Promos spiffing cams and preparing beautiful day PLEASE NO RAIN
I'm loving this switch up episode of glee!
If u a dude  u say bron bron u gay as shit..gay gay gay
I MADE A VOICE MEMO ON MY PHONE OF ME SINGING AND I DIDN'T FIND IT DISGUSTING
Finally got the set design for the show in my head.
Unfortunate memory lane trips: building a tree.
Double overtime if you will at Augusta!
My thoughts will echo your name until I see you again.
Tough times don't last, tough people do.
Let's all look forward to a happy, healthy  prosperous NewYear!
Oh god losing my mind
A VERY HAPPY BIRTHDAY, happens to also be mine!
Getting doctornk dialed by ex boyfriends rocks.
Getting doctornk pocket dialed by ex boyfriends rocks even harder.
Lol.
I need a lot of things..
RIP Shannon
Absolutely killed it today!!!
looked amasin!
Ready to bring home another win!
Not so strange...
I have been swamped.
I am sure I just missed it.
:
I doubt they'll respond at all.
I need to figure out my life!
Ready and go...
MassacreonBroadway tonight at bar standard first two re tweets get free VIP tickets
Tonight, come downtown, see some art, have a chat with friends, sit and relax, live your life, eat good food and be happy
Working on updating MCW's entry in the interiordesign website!
Also, Dpages interview will go LIVE between the 16th and the 22nd.
good to see you getting some time for yourself this morning!
See you later this afternoon!
Having a great time  itexpo Miami.
Awesome time meeting great peeps from all around the world, welcome to South Florida!
okay thanks :
I realize I have not tweeted anything of substance today....
I will try again tomorrow
Still time to vote early today Office open until 5P.
Don't need a reason, but bring a valid, gov'tissued photo ID.
girl im fuckin crying right now reading all these tweets, couldnt have asked for a better team.
I love you guys
Told my parents I don't want anything for my birthday but One Direction tickets.
They come to NJ on may 25th3 asdffghjl
crazy right?
RT : Did you know that Millennials are the largest generation since the baby boomers?
Hanging out tonite with the girls
At the barbershop on a sunday.
Gotta get cooley boy straight!!!
Really?
Eagles are up 200 and I can't even watch it from this damn house.
Thank you for the followyou can also friend me on Facebook.com/Ericpaulen
FLEDGING is definitely a noteworthy book from Butler.
Will post more thoughts soon, thanks for sharing!
thanks for the follow, I look forward to learning together
Thanks for the RT.
Happy New Year!
LOL YOU GUYS 

grinding harder then u could imagine Chubbzy lovez me!!!
Wonderful weekend with my love : so so so happy!
Looking forward to Vegas next weekend!
Don't you love when old men make decisions about the safety of young women?
I wish I could fly up to jersey and make it to see in person and thank her for everything she has done come to fl so I can please
I'm going to Dave  Busters next weekend, regardless!
I hate when fun things become a hassle.
Thanks!
We are definitely looking forward to your visit!
:
yes ma'am ill tell yhu all about it.
Tell my bestfriend i said hey!
just to verify: meeting you guys Sunday, 6pm, in front of Pinhook, right?
Who is the President Pro Tempe now?
Risser?
dont try to go to sleep on an empty stomach....
just wont work
when i find him, you'll be the first to know.
I feel vicious.
I want a girl that will play Xbox with me.
Mar 29, 1932: The Daily Mail published Churchill's Plain Words on the Irish Treaty.
Poems about sleep, set to song
I just took a quiz on how well I know on J14's website and I answered all of them right, they said Your Obsessed
Tonight is our OPENING NIGHT of Centennial Casting !!
tv is off for now!
The Little Family is rocking out to our playlists.
Happy Sunday jamming.
Watching Grumpier Old Men 3D.
Flawless print, best conversion I've seen yet!
Newt the Lobbiest for Fannie Mae and Freddy Mac leaves Nevada with his tail between his legs.
follow their website has live video coverage!
will we finally see the end of stock sound effects now that the creative minds can be heard easier?
Awesome!
I couldn't agree more.
One more reason Im4Falk!
RT : KF at : Budgets are moral documents.
Another great concert last Saturday at the Sokol Clubhouse.
Thanks to all you were there!!!!
It was a magical evening!!!!
I fight with both of my kids when they have to doctornk their meds.
Except for their allergy meds.
they like it for some reason
yeah but forgot my password
We want to support Breast Cancer Awareness month.
Please join us at Blue Martini 10/22 811pm.
Together we put an end to cancer
Printed pants are EVERYWHERE this season!
Considered rocking them?
What do you pair them with?
Try a plain tshirt and chunky jewelry!
so classy.
Nice!
Where in NY?
10ThingsIFindAttractive When guys can sing
Chicken noodle soup is magical!
I'm a believer!
What about Avery Jessup?
Can she tweet from North Korea?
Made my first grocery list on ...
let's see how it goes.
Maybe.
She's a Sephora and Viva Glam girl though.
On set this morning on location  the Indy Opera Center.
.
I love yo face more
Booking my OMG cruise to the Bahama's for MMWKND!
Dont miss out on the fun and call Herlan 3058162008 and use code GLOSTAR for a discount.
too good!
Am I really a douchebag?
haha
Long day of clients and photo editing.
I think it's 10 higher.
Despite going 7, don't think Denver was accurate sample.
First three of this will be more telling.
Seriously though.
Why don't you live in NYC?
That's MUCH easier for me to visit :
You know that feeling when you can't breathe and want to throw everything that's not attached to something?
Yeah...that
86.4F December in Austin, TX with son  daughter
Happy Father's Day
words to live by there!
love that!so many examples ...
No joke Eric, my dad brought Lamination to US in 60's.
All our baby pictures Laminated baby!
is he in jail or something ?
Feeling like shit like always.
pcture comments?i'll return the favor....
text if you wanna
came to the get motivated seminar in Phx traffic was hell!
Lol thanks girl : : your a great follower!
you get cool points!
ur my fave!
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common.
They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
i sure can..call me in the am
what his take would've been in the 60's lol
I tried boxee/netflix integration on a MacBook.
No Joy.
get the laundoctor twice as white, and kill people with a variety of sophisticated armaments.
When your neck hurts, every hiccup is murder.
Ignore your pass...I believe you'll be the best standing in the future..I think of you as an experienced bystander ...
I wish playing M.A.S.H.
could actually predict my future.
Not impressed with your brown bag lunch?
Why not go for a tasty roller, a delicious homemade soup, a perfect panini or fresh crisp salad!
glad u had a good pantless ride home!
If you use to use your lunch money to shot dice...
Happy Beaujolais Nuveau day!
We have opened bottles and started the celebrations early.
Now playing 112 be with you
Well not sure yet, but as of right now engineer lol 
To all the moms, happy mother's day.
Enjoy your day tomoro.
Thanks to all of you for being so amazing
rocking my slippers, don't even care my feet hurt
thanks hun, leaving tomorrow!
I don't know why I took the day off.
I should took my ass to work
on to the QA at the big brand panel of
New Mexico so far is ammmmaaaazzziiing.
We can think of several!
What kind of cuisine are you looking for?
hey jersey what's up
Tom Brady ha ha ha
Emily2.0.
You're the most social of all socials.
Upload your API and RSS some blogosphere!
get more servers!!!
Cant get into the reaults.
Yup!Well,going to eat dinner!Tweet you after!:
Happy new years guys and Hope y'all have a good one love y'all :
Morning Cleveland...
hope its a Good Monday for everyone!
Big meeting a few minutes.
Thanks for your prayers  positive energy!
;
I successfully went on a weeklong vacation w/out my laptop.
Could you do the same?
Ahh so tired
Good read.
Thought I was going to get tricked into thinking I am 'pro war'
I'm so mad 
this is why lucroy should hit before a gonz...
Open mindedness is my middle name!
: I love a good debate, too.
Debating is a great way to learn and grow, imo...
i know.
hahah.
I just ordered my copy last night!
We ought to give God thanks for not being sentimental when He wanted to reveal something in our lives.
Why dont you take the 3 Year old MENSA took in and have her have a little chat with the boy suckling at her mother
D6 speakers using stepladder as improvised podium.
This is the way it used to be on many city street corners.
OWSnew public sphere.
The sky is the limit........I say Fuck that BS I wanna go to Outta Space
SOMEONE log on .
They first cut to commercial when he was walking towards the umpire.
My thought was This is not going to end well.
Another name for a commercial fisherman that only catches fish when they swim right up to the boat:
i followed you back:
please send me a picture of that fb chat
The wind is like the air, only pushier.
Just to let you know, you need something strong like....I don't know....all your teeth pulled maybe?
I wish I lived closer, guess it gives me a reason to visit the area again!
When will you open?
what's her name?
I wanna have great chemistry with her!
Can the mystery celebrity be 5 people or?
Bouta go to sleep.
Hold on, let me get on Google plus real quick.
Feeling like an old lady for the first time.
I just heard the news they're not making CDs much longer and am devastated!
Happy to include great content into my daily.
Keep 'em coming!
is that I tiny beer can you are holding
Photo Flash: Cheyenne Jackson, Paul McCartney Among Guest Stars on 30 ROCK's ...
Broadway World
What was your Something Borrowed?
no.
whoever takes his place when he retires will work their entire career to be like him and put up his numbers
We have to take account of what assets a community brings to the table before we start planning.
Shaun Donovan at
Waiting waiting waiting...y can't 1 want me completely?
Tomorrow at school people are going to hate me because I'm going to brag like crazy about me winning these tickets!!!
:D
It's Thursday??
I thought it was Friday all day today and I was wrapping up my week...
albumintros Baba O Riley Who's Next, Break On Through The Doors, Smells Like Teen Spirit Nevermind.
I hate finding pictures of somebody that I used to know...
I think Neil Kay should come out of retirement and ref a Cuse game.
hm, snow in seattle  this can't be good
In the process of contracting with Retail Distribution consultants in distributing my collection local  global, please message me for info
IT IS NATIONAL ALLERGY AND ASTHMA AWARENESS MONTH!!!
PLEASE RETWEET!!!!!
Havin ah good day
Thanks for signing up Eric!
Just went through an entire tissue box and it's not even noon.
No fun.
I say don't overestimate the competition!
ThePitch Why wouldn't you read up on your competition?
You have to take the lead!
Another show to announce!
We'll be playing March 20th in Brooklyn at The Studio at Webster Hall.
Spread the word baby!!!!
Thanks for retweeting!
Sweet doctorams RT
just bought a pair of Tahari shoes :
Shopping , pedicure , then tanning .
:
Were those cicadas?
Naw, just a bad alternator
I bet D even has the cuffs to make an arrest...
YouAintHittinItRightIf I'm asking if you done
no one loves KFC more than isn't that right
Thx 2 and the rest of the Sports PR class 4 having me in 2day!
I'm not surprised you improved digital revenue 224.
Proud of you rockin' it in Estes!
Call when you get moment to catch up.
I bet I know who that is!
It shows how we are not advancing
another girl sings about a boy 3
Congrats Matt,
Are you okay?
How did you injure your eye?
We're so excited to be apart of this unique literary event!
I've seen better tennis playing in a tampon commercial.
stpatricksday we'll be dishing out corned beef egg rolls, Irish breakfast sausage sandwiches to the beat of live Irish music!
Some stores in LA now TEXT you a receipt instead of handing you a paper receipt.
I prefer the TEXT...the less paper the better!
3 H's and 2 T's?!?
A J and a U?!?
You're killing me Words With Friends.
Hey!
I hope you're having a great SB!
I'd love 2grab coffee w u again when we get back.
What's your schedule like this semester?
Thanks!
We like that corn dog too...A LOT!
Come back for a visit soon!
RT : foie gras
Tied to the telephones for work?
Eek!
I'd be looking for a job.
If fear is cultivated it will become stronger, if faith is cultivated it will achieve mastery.
So can the Colts get that Stanford Tight End along with Andoctorw Luck as a package deal???
I want me a diamond girl  what a classic song to ride too
Hang in there  the first few days are the worst but it does get better.
It's been a little over 2 wks for me.
you should get paid to hang out with me!
Cos I'm awesome!
:
Firing up my cheesy teen pop music  it makes cleaning my condo more fun.
what was the last group's starting time?
Marc Dennis will be at the Hasted Kraeutler gallery on Thursday and Friday, Nov 34, from 12  5 p.m.
Just finished up a great workout in Omaha w Akoy Agau and others..great to have so many of the Metro Coaches out to watch/learn
RT : Sustainability started w/ hippies, but SF is still home to some ecofriendly folks, like !
Dig it....
Happy birthday to one of my favorite people on the planet.
, you are truly a gift to San Diego.
So glad we're friends.
xoxo
Idk they have the same background as yhur professorle pic
Thanks Alex!
See you in March
hey you there sitting over there....
MT Any slump can...do that...It's been the same since forever.
RT They look so lethargic and old...
boxing Mayweathher will be former, former champ after this.
NOIData  Bill Russell: Target to make campaign more efficient, inexpensive, and effective
Happy Day!
....................
You know you should be tweeting at right now lol!
But naw, Blatt PE center all day
Would you believe that FedEx does not provide First Overnight service to Springfield, IL, the state's capital?
Hi!
Please help me win, I am 2nd place!
Unlock my badge www.kupoz.com/kupozchic thank you!
I know for sure that i will be the next big thing, I KNOW IT
Ray Charles, check.
Pink Floyd, check.
Skrillex, punch my own dick 87 times.
Loved that nonGreek students attended Greek flagged sessions!
happy friday  :
going to stalk Carl Suddath at Shane Campbell's

I had a GREAT Valentine's Day!!!
Good night all!
I LOVE my woman!!
Baby boy you stay on my mind
Bruins: OUT Blackhawks: OUT Canucks: OUT Red Wings: OUT Sharks: OUT Rangers: TBD.
Top tier teams join Pens watching rest of the playoffs.
I failed
Maybe after leaves I can have my scissors back...join us in wishing her a fond farewell on Wednesday at El Centro DF!
where are you?
do you need me to?
i will
Whats up with TLO requiring a doctorvers license to subscribe?
They already have my DOB and SSN.
Watching the extended cut of Malick's New World on glorious big screen with Oh the magic...
Listening to a really interesting study of urban sewer gas in 19th c.
London.
Infrastructure FTW!
Oh.
If it doesn't involve volleyballs in pools, or salt shakers launched 200miles/hr at a wall...I don't remember it
Nine more days...until it's time to
China Is Now A Bigger Luxury Market Than Europe And The U.S.
Combined via
Someone must have HAD to know this.
what's the best doctorgstore night cream?
Yea, the commercials annoyed me, but the dude sounded like Freddy Mercury and the album's a chart topper so I got curious.
THIS FRIDAY tickets go on sale to see at the House of Blues in Chicago!
Bring a friend and come!
RT!
Only 2 of those 33 cities are in the US, only 4 US cities in the top 50.
How is S.
America's prevalence the fault of the US?
Hey!
Thanks so much, my friend.
I don't need no help
Just did pure cardio insanity workout, it was pure hell.
But feel great, ready to get my dance on tonight at Morgan Page concert.
More liquor plz
On the road again...see you at Caffe Mela Wenatchee!
Congrats to Heather  winning bidder of the Desperate Housedogs/Get Fluffy basket in the Raise Your Paw auction for the ARL!
Listening to Sacrifice by Elton John, taking me back to the old Mix 106.5 days
Keep those umwfa12 tweets/pics coming, folks.
Between feverish naps, they are all I've got!
Made my wish at 11:11 :
on E!
And then I just saw Citibank iPhone app on fox.
You remember me being there during that casting, right?
:D
May 14th18th is National Bike to Work Week!
Get your bike ready!!!
Save some gas, be kind to our enviornment  get your cardio in!
I can't.
I wanna play!!
I love it!
Los Gigantes!!!
MyFavoriteGagaAlbumIsHerNextOne Keep retweeting!
Mother Monster will be so proud!
And I get KFC tonight?!?!?!
Today has been the perfect day
cant wait for
: RT RT Physical beauty is great.
Mental beauty is sexy.
,hey baby u look hot as hell in your av
They're definitely selfidentified as academics before anything else, although nonprofessort, ironically, often defines THEM.
I was wondering why Beastie Boys songs were trending...Brass Monkeys tonight in honor of Adam MCA Yauch.
Its so fun decorating for Christmas with your family but so annoying to take the decorations down with them.
Kim is a fairy tale3
Get your Happy Hour BISTRO PASS!
Every Thurs, 48pm.
15/pp  2 doctornks  2 bites.
This month's location: Le Grand Bistro
Ian MacKaye is presenting at WebWise?!
I just lost so much respect for you.
only me.
The music video for 'Who Says' is 1 on iTunes!!
and the song is 8!!
Congratss!!!
Easier said than done.
Visit soon F'sho.
so sad
got taken out of school because being bullied.
That's not funny, it's just sad.
But remember RB, it's YOUR Moment ;
Watching TheOthers with mom.
Let's see if it's any good.
any where they'll listen to me sing.
I've only played Alabama and Nashville some.
Leaving Ann Arbor in the wake of a tornado.
So early in the spring, and sadly the midwest has already taken a beating.
Lacking Energy?
Lack of energy is rarely a physical condition.
We may feel tired physically, but at the root of most energy...
Yeah, tough loss tonight.
Turn off your phone and we'll get 'em tomorrow.
Update: spinning at Vamp on Friday  Saturday!
Go Redskins!
All Dallas Cowboys fans are saying  Go Redskins :
Stone Temple Pilots  Interstate Love Song  10:07 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/KHPT to TAG this song
but he doesn't like spoons :/ hahaha
HAH he is
RT : Follow me for up to the minute location updates on Memphis greatfoodtruckrace all wknd!
Bedding For Toddlers onSales: Crayola Sweet 4Piece Toddler ...
Sounds cool!
Thanks for the info and idea.
hahahaha yes!
Love it
9758; Protect Your Family
RT : OMFGGGG!
JUSTIN BIEBER FOLLOWED THE NAMES I SENT TO HIM YESTERDAY!
HURRY GO FOLLOW !
I'LL DM YOUR NAMES TO
Big shout out to for the attempt at showing all of Paddock her giant cans last night.
Bless her heart.
: Every saint has a past.
Every sinner has a future.
Warren Buffetlove this saying
OH SHIT I have a lot of science to do omg!
now following..fb?
no preso yesterday, just freestyled on existing data : But lots of awesome mobilesocial data coming soon.
Mirror, mirror on the wall, who's the biggest fool of all?
Must be the girl who can't stop crying.Or maybe it's the girl who kept on trying.
Working on filing two patents today
GrainBeltPremium is ballpark beer!
Ah crap I think I'm getting sick now.
in honor of justin bieber's 18th birthday i'm only listening to the monkees for the rest of the day.
For all you campaign junkies out there, check out the new for a look at the nuts and bolts of how this whole thing works.
My head feels just a bit dizzy and light headed.
Disoriented.
Speech seems more difficult, stutter more and can't talk straight.
JUST IN CASE ITS DAVID OR DAVE IN HERE RIGHT NOW
the new website looks so snazzy!!!
Very accessible!
I like the collection highlights, great info and picture quality!
If I end up with a 4.0 this quarter, I'm treating everyone to a week in paradise.
If u ever thought about modeling go check out and sign up on my webpage.
You get extra exposure and advertised worldwide.
Have I mentioned lately that I love Guile's theme?
Cause it's kind of awesome.
The Wave have cut the Blast lead to 64.
Who is thinks should play kylestock!?
12hour day sick  1 class tomorrow Mad Men and sweatpants.
You cannot doctoram yourself into a character: you must hammer and forge yourself into one.
Henry D.
Thoreau
What a story that must be!
I'm glad he made it out!
I love when people come over and say, Do you have a bathroom?
No sweetie, we go in the yard with the dog.
Is ATT's Zimbra admin considered enterprise level software?
I'm gonna surprise my Mommy today with something nice c:
On January 1, 1853 the 1st BO Railroad train arrived in Wheeling, West Virginia from Baltimore connecting the Atlantic Ocean  Ohio river.
I feel that way sometimes too /: but don't say that!
try to believe and maybe it will happen!
will this irishbreakfast be at today?
wonders when will give us a few more thoughts on
Back from a 3 week trip to Cambodia!
God is great!
And he does provide for widows and orphans through you and me :
Tomorrow, Friday!
I DJ from 10pm2am  wokcanoSanta Monica.
No cover, great food, outdoor dancing patio.www.
Wokcanorestaurant.com
Gossip is like a virus.
It spreads fast, but makes a good movie.
the fact that ibsaw you last night but you didnt say hi!!!: Well now you are just ginna have to give me a bigg hug tomorrow
How do we educate our partners?
How do we create a new arena for discussion with publishers?
Come on..
I think I look pretty hot with my doctorll..
Grant and Jerry losing it.
This is unbelievable.
Moby  New Dawn Fades
I have one for 5.
I'm thinking antacids.
lol go to bed!
in the UK yes.
in america sadly no :'
Haha only if we eat some donuts.
You know what I'd rather just have the donuts.
no I wish!
And morning to you too sir.:
DWYANE WADE TWITCHES
Oh no...this is so terrible.
I was hoping they would be able to work something out.
:
Heading to the Columbus Zoo for a story tonight !
lionstigersbearsohmy!
Oh my god, Emily is PERFECT.
Girl, you should be proud of yourself!
Congratulations!
is proud to have scholars like you!
bw
had one of the sweetest assistants helping us sign in.
I forgot her name, but she made our casting even more enjoyable 
A selfish hobby day today.
Going to play with my firetruck.
Maybe go to the shooting range.
Play some music.
Avoiding reality today.
Eighth grade all I did was wear out my cassette copy of Licensed to Ill.
Greatest shit ever.
Thank you!
Sometimes my horoscope is a crock of shit.
You know my name, not my story.
Youve heard what Ive done, not what Ive been through.
Stop judging me.
u look so beautiful!
aww Shaun : I cant wait to talk to you either : text me whenever babe : Ill give you more details abt uk what ;
I got 87 on the test  you?
ME: 125 KID: How?
There was no extra credit!?
ME: I just put Chuck Norris for every answer.
thingstodoinaelevator STARE, grinning at another passenger for a while, then announce: I have new socks on.
and DayOne promted me if I wanted to sync using doctorpBox.
Definitely easier if you install doctorpBox first.
no worries, didn't sound inpatient at all.
I brought some of my stuff with me to paint to Seattle.
Ill have a chance soon
Good feeling about tonight.
I pride myself in that I'm very much like han solo
Before or after LBL?
I kept it simple, the same every day.
Tomorrow, I'm thinking my favorite.
Eggplant!
where can I get a VIP pass.
I also want to introduce u to my biz devl.
dir he venturing to do his own thing, u came 2 mind
Here's hoping wins his Oscar tonight!!
Read 'Faith' by Sharon Salzberg.
One of her best!
Now reading 'Binocular Vision' by Edith Pearlman.
Gorgeous short stories.
Tuning in to mayoral debate.
Fav customer quote: Im a movie star, I played a saxophone in 'Public Enemy.' Youd see me better on bigger screens.
Don't let the summer's quiet feed fool you.
We had a company meeting last week to plot the 2011/12 season, and it's going to be GREAT.
:3 are you guys gonna be at the new Albany classic this year?!!!
You better be or it won't be good!3
I still love lil kim but now I really believe she need to retire, runnin out of damn breath...
Lily groupon is 50 but the following is the magic formula to get 90
what?
I live in Milwaukee who is your client?
Everyone go follow my instagram !
.
It's  ItsJulieMariee  !
N traffic
u not in fort lame.
nap way bigger
p.s.
the one beer isn't from Pittsburgh, but you can't get it in Houston :p
A typo in the first word of a Breaking News email really bothers me.
I do!
and Dennie coultie should be the new coaching staff for the u23s...
Get it!
Daniel Bryan beattheclock winner
Show off to your friends how much of a social media guru you are by getting 50 Hhonors points with every check in!
My life is organized by jotting down important information on tiny scraps of TextMate windows.
all LA foodies, great find, tip from last Sat.
restaurant Sublime Culver City, Washington Blvd chef Randall, amazing food, great  just ate!
Maybe?
lol I call everyone hookers  bastards lol.
Anyways thats good!
: and eh...
not much progress aftr taking fb dwn XP
You excited?!
Martin Luther king nose was about phat as Hell
WBS vs Philadelphia Flyers tonight.
I feel bad for Byslma.
If this is another bad loss, he will be blamed.
Too bad guys got suspended.
Macondo concluded; project set aside to work on was completed; new Macondistas a stellar group; SC's vision thriving; batteries recharged...
Dear AppleTV...you are the end of productivity
Chrome has mysteriously switched to Hebrew.
Anyone know how to switch it back?
The largest challenge is estimating, die design and procurement followed by quality control.
I got you sis.
I could be a better person.
I've been lacking a filter lately.
Go to sleep canadian!!
haha
I'm not going to pretend to know anything about orthodox Jewish clothing, but I just poured over the most modest skirts  the thrift store.
Your welcome ;D Stolen any cheese buns lately?:
supportlocalmusic Live in 10.
Listen to some random songs.
Like us on Facebook  follow us down the rabbit hole
I was the most stubborn about it!!!
Haha
Sarah, Obama is making a big campaign Bank for Hillary Clinton to take his place in race for Pres.
Love them!!
Ian Svenonius has serious real estate in my heart.
How's the show?
love you babe!
Text me after and tell me how u did!
Good luck!
Why don't we listen when people tell us who they really are by their actions?
Interesting article!
Dane County referendum f on collective bargaining winning 6040 percent and Madison hasn't yet reported.
No success in public life can compensate for failure in the home.
Benjamin Disraeli
It's horribly depressing when my little buddies on my old swim team are now mothers.
She's SEVEN YEARS YOUNGER than me.
The best thing's in life come at a cost!
Are you willing to pay?
just saw hungergames.
so, basically it's the same movie as the pest?
i hope someone is cutting john leguizamo a fat check.
Can you follow me back,and please answer me!I love youre new album!
happy birthday
saw berrylicious waffle in 's promo today and now if I don't watch out everything I google has berry or waffle in it
lol.
Um where can I fill one out!!??
Come out for Lindy Fix tonight at 8!
Beginner lesson with Mark and Sylbie, DJ Rob!
Balboa Fundamentals starts 2nite from 78 w/ Rob and Zoe!
Unions killed Detroit, and now California is going to go bankrupt to save your asses.
Yeah!
Awesome!
It makes such sense!
Anyone have any tips for who makes really great looking tshirts?
I'm trying to simplify my wardoctorbe and a few good tshirts are a necessity
OMG, how did the obvious escape me.
Thnx!
That awkward moment when you go for a handshake and they go for a hug.
are you getting skyrim?
you bitch you never called me !!!!!
Cono
okay since you HAVE to go....
Have fun doing your homework!
; 3
u sent it to ?
Not even over my crotch?
No, you're right.
Those are so not my colors.
LET THE BASS CANNON KICK IT  WUB WUB WUBBBB
Check out Michael Chen's work  Coconut Grove Arts Festival if you'll be in Miami today.
I wonder if this photo social network thingy will be better then Ping..
Italian film fest May 1 and 2 free movies at UWM Union theatre
OMG SO LUCKY!
Same old, just a different day...
Right?
Everyone online is acting like this is such a huge shock!
Are you kidding?
Enjoyed it while it lasted...
Appliance Recycling Centers of America, Inc.
to Report First Quarter 2012 ...
MarketWatch
Spurs know what they are doing.
Leonard is a beast
Great placement, Ben!
If you can get a Trojan on the show  Clay Matthews, Matt Barkley  I'd be even more intrigued!
hah..fuck you I don't know who put that in there.
Reid Hoffman personally sent me his book.
I suppose being a strategic global partner with Linkedin has its privileges...
Psyched to read it!
Cry me a river.
Cry me an ocean.
I'll always be there for you.
My love.
Never take your love away without it, surely I will doctorwn.
BB
My voice goes up when I say hi to a girl
Who is super excited to sleep in tomorrow, 6 am ;
come down in January when I'm on my break from school :D
Welcome to Broncos Country!
Happy to have your energy and look forward to watching you wreak havoc!
am i too fat for you?
:
Happy Birthday to veteran SW journalist Stan Washington!
I'm heading to your house now.
Sweet!: Yeah, we're going with the Giants as well.
Don't think we'll care until the Lions are in the bowl.
lol
This is absolutely no joke.
When Punxsutawney Phil sees his shadow, this means 6 more cans of today, people.
Do your duty.
yes!
my first initial and last name were taken.
didnt want any numbers.
so just figured I would use my professorssion.
Watching Shortie at Last time I saw this band I was like 15 yrs old and my high school band opened for them in Stockton hah
awarded speaking role in a feature that he auditioned for a few weeks ago on the lot of Universal Studios...
Quit promoting it, if IT ain't you.
I should have went out to eat.
Well live it up and soak in those last collegiate moments.
At least you don't have to focus your last days on finals now wahoo!
you wanna make me red velvet cake balls ?!
33
:O a lady on this EMPTY bus is hovering over me and murmuring nonsense in my ear :' please lawd!
No vodoo!
:'
Author Jen Almjeld will present  11AM session on K12 educators in the teaching of college composition
No problem, hope you feel better :
Don't look for the prototype in characters.
have you seen this Sistine Chapel???
I bet it's breathtaking.
I miss the good ol days.
Fuck growing up!!
shucks i like when you were just a Hill thing.
But congrats on the expansion
salute Carry on then!
Format your content to include title and header tags to highlight your keywords
i've been leaking nude photos of myself for years.
this is bullshit!
Carlos Tevez for Danny O.
RT : Crew96 fans...who would you sub right now?
are you lost?
Because heaven is a long way from here..
afternoon followers!
how ya been?
:
Teresa is dumb  like talking to a wall.
She twists everything  tries to make herself look good but actually is delusional.
Yes Yes Yes!
RT : Form makes it memorable, says See discrete, parsable parts and related elements.
i hear ya man im spending the entire day with her
Counting the minutes until vacation.
It cannot come soon enough!
ah!
Darn!
Okay well we deff have to figure when to get everyone together..
Maybe monday or next weekend.?
Lol idek
Cartmenez former student now police officer two years out of academy makes more than Cartmenez!
That is a CRIME!
I kid.
You not a
Crazy how everybody wanted the hot weather ,but now their complaining that is too HOT lml oO
my 4 year old son loves singing along to doctorwing board we listen to it at least 5 times a day.
Loves you guys!
Is there a better place to be than on a rooftop in Brooklyn?
I think not.
I threw my Facebook away.
We can talk here naooo
President Obama is about to give a speech on Father Hood.
Tune in if you are interested.
N E cable news channel.
Dont like arguing with people.
Especially niggas !
Yeah Haha best conversations ever.
when people ask me whos austin mahone i simply reply THE MOST GREASTEST, NICEST, AMZINGEST, THOUGHFUL, ATTRACTIVE SINGER EVER.
honestly!
MYSPACE : Why that bitch on yo top ?
.
.
.
FACEBOOK : who that bitch on yo wall ?
.
.
.
TWITTER : Why that bitch tweetin' you ?
In the Brolympics, 1st place actually gets the BROnze medal
I saw the aftermath of the incident last night!
Our LiFT audience targeting algorithm helps brands uncover relevant topics  interests of scale tied to their brand, or competitor brands!
Imagine what an entire generation of girls can do w/ the confidence, skills,  experience they need to lead.
What will U do?
Making good on her promise.
Shout out to for the yummy Potato Leek soup via my colleague Sarah.
THX!
Last allnighter of my college career, and I dont feel nearly as nostalgic about it as everyone else.
i doubt Deron Williams would come to play for the blazers.
that would be cool if he did though.
Did u watch Obama on the view today?
What do u think of the things he said?
I'll update more or less every day, so go ahead and check 'em out!
also let me know if you know any other sites like mine!
I love our team, win or lose.
I just like it better when they win.
gotta talk to u
believe me, if someone wants to be in your life, they'll damn well make the effort to be !
RePin and comment on this pin by Thurs 5.10.12 :00EDT.
You could win an awesome back issue of the NAHA Aromatherapy Journal via
needs to answer or imma take her phone away !
Aw, thanks!
: Even more thanks for your super sweet card.
It was a nice surprise.
I'm enjoying your posts on SB!
boyztweetmemaybe make my doctorams come true?3
I guess Kevin did a deal with a boy band on the Canadian version of the show, doctorgons Den...will be interesting to see
Gribben on TOTN yesterday, attempting to deflect outrage of teachers and librarians
...I must admit, I have a youtube crush on you.
WhyDoPeopleThink its okay to come between a relationship no matter how good or bad it is
But you cant go wrong wt skittles
Dear life, when I said can my day get any worse it was a rhetorical question not a challenge
I'm getting sick of your bullshit attitude
Every mile is meaningful.
Be sure to share how the dollars you raise are making a difference with everyone you know!
Lady Quakes advance to Mothers Day Final vs Park!!
there will be more like her, just keep your eyes open :
Hey AUPeeps!
Follow for excerpts of the original script and an exclusive online debut!
Support local independent artists!!
Watching the world premire of Music Sounds Better With You!!!
Go BTR
Ready for doctorse and the Bulls to crush the Knicks tonight at the UC!!
ngl, pretty happy its friday.
Damn lunch is over.
Merry Christmas eve!!!!
I hate being sick 
No matter what happens throughout your day just know that everything happens for a reason and life will always bring good with the bad
Learning abt CMS's Center for Medicare  Medicaid Innovation at HHS's Fusion event on idea generation and implementation.
Go girl!
Awesome!
We'll see ya there.
Who are you most excited to hear speak?
Met and talked to cool people today :D
Size G bra??
Really lane Bryant??
Fuck
Recommends All Along The Watchtower by Jimi Hendoctorx on Pandora
fair enough.
i was given the title ministeroflights at the last RTS.
Now You'll have hundoctords of Ferris Bueller disciples running around the halls ;
It's nice to have someone in your life who can make you smile even when they're not around
You don't count, lol.
However, the internet's viability was not reliant upon massive companies that rely almost exclusively on these studies.
I always opt out of backscatter xray machine on health concerns.
I opt out of the millimeter wave machine on principal.
Hey, not a bad idea, Guess being a strategist comes in handy.
I heard that Jesus may make a cameo tomorrow.
oh!
interesting that's awesome aunt :D
My twitter says you only have 67 lol
Playing dodgeball with , and Titans player Micheal Griffin.
's brownies today
hey i made a twitter XD!
now i can stalk you ;!
Home made ricotta.
Yum!
You're very welcome3 :
Thanks for sharing the good news on Chocolate.
Happy Valentine's Day!
Not sure what's up with that weird black turning page thing...
Feel somewhat sad about this story since I did some initial research on this work at Achieve.
All of a sudden Im craving a
smh man I though all bald headed girls were nice
Getting a lot of press w the Kickstarter endeavor.
CL gratis shoes prize would increase followers, esp w KS contributions.
no problem.
Stats page at NHL site has lots of numbers, most of which show us as having the issues we see every game.
;
In case you missed it, we picked the winner of our recent Twitter giveaway  !
Watch for our next contest!
Thanks 4 following DanielleBlaiQ  we got u on the follow back.
Let us know if u need help w/ promos 4105139199
the amateur dunk contest was way better than that watered down NBA dunk contest just kept seeing props no skill
just saw it!
Awesome idea.
I've really enjoyed having it  if that helps
watching on You Now: I love you Alex!
Follow me?
Beach was beautiful!
Please come visit me for DenverRestaurantWeek!
I need to see some of the cool kids to get me through Restaurant Half Month!
7:20 am Acela back to NY.
Thank you for a wonderful evening at the Stata's.
I had a blast.
ok ill do but u follow me too ;
mister tomorrow but probably blew out his knee
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, I love you before you leave for the day.
happy birthday 3
If you would like something advertised live on our radio show send an email 2 ; title subject : advertisement
Evidently I have a friend popping the question to another friend at Jack Rose tonight.
Does that mean I need to put pants on?
Can't.
Vestry.
Okay buenas noches twitter.
G2B and then read.
ThatAwkwardMoment when you tell  that its your birthday  get no reply
Add My default As your default!!
help Promote the Movement!!
Yuck!
If you're ever had hair extentions or thought about it, you should watch episode The Don't in the Do
Thank you NFL.
I needed this today.
What a game!
haha I know what you mean, except for the flute part lol
If you can't afford the operation, he touches up the X rays
: You said i could trust you guessnot
RT I'm really happy that is following me!
Shoutout to them!
I work at the ABC station in Minneapolis.
Love to have u on our afternoon show if u r ever in town!
MFs must think school over ...
It's too light in here
And Renders correctly better than either?
Storms make oaks take roots.
Proverb
Painting a friends apartment tonight to get ready for a Holiday Party next week.
Thanks www.homedepot.com you rock!
When your parents are in a pissy mood for no reason
Gorgeous day in NYC
Wasn't that great?
Definitely one of the classiest commercials I've seen tonight!
Please give me a reason to call you back.
good one!
I actually like going to Clackamas.
Most of the other high schools in the area are ridiculously worse.
Great visit with Manuela this afternoon!
It's nice to sit  just talk.
Job CA or WA  150k250k File Systems Devs, SQL Server Architects, Storage Protocols.
good luck.
Hello Twitter world.
Ready for a whirlwind of a week?
4 Todo lists made and now to begin checking things off...
Haha.
I love the song !
If rose would have stayed on the boat, jack would of been alive on that door or w.e.
It was.
Lol
Interesting how Santomonious  GOP want American Exceptionalism without exceptional Americans educated enough to see through their B.S.
People change lifestyles and feel the rapper has to change with them lol...
All the females that said im gay are from Baltimore, which doesn't surprise me at all.
Have a wonderful weekend!
Y I'm getting sad n crying cause I'm doing my invitation Omg like it feel like a doctoram Omg please wake me up
No World Peace 2 night.
Just a lot of Thunder.
How on earth did that come up in your conversation?
He does kind of sound like Elvis when he talks.
That ass though.
Negative people will always try to doctorg you down to their level.
Love 'em but rise above 'em!
We search for some of the greatest artists in the country and place their art in our store!!!
all i see r box but ok.
Btw zayne is mine
If I may ask what camera do you shoot?
Q3 We're pretty good about 12 veggies at each meal, but we could stand to add more fresh, whole fruit
awesome at all of that but hates folding  is of the nagging variety.
I worry he got a mother motherboard
radio rebel was on last night i watched it like 4 or 5 times
Failure is accepting life below your potential.
I will wave to them from the window.
Think Caesar from the new APES movie.
blah its like shitty out 
The DoItYourselfMover is welcome at ALL IN A BOX MOVING  STORAGE!
No need for a rental truck or trailer, we deliver for you!
click  ht
the ladies loved it
k I'll add u to my contact list rite now
Looking to connect with your body in a holistic, supportive environment?
Join us for Inspired Yoga at www.physiic.com Class starts at 9:30!
Getting creative this morning.
i can't wait for summer country concerts!
Wonder if a loaf of bread will be over 3 next year after the floods and the doctorught we had this year?
This nurse I always have been looking like she mad all the time.
I thought nurses where trained to help people, not shit on them.
Bass is shooting 100 in the second half thus far.
GeorgeClooney on the red carpet on Denver's 7 right now
GETTING READY FOR A BIG PAGEANT WEEKEND..
I AM GOING TO ROCK IT OUT...
FOLLOW ME..
MISS ALEXIS TODD ON TWITTER..
I FOLLOW BACK
anything but sun tan city first.
I just am not enjoying that lately
Watching documentaries while working on writing academic papers.
What are your favorite documentaries available on netflix?
she is so awesome
When you can feel them smiling whenn they kiss you  soo cute omg
That awkward moment someone stares at you.!
Thanx for joining me from guys!
mmmmmmmh.
i would love a webcam, and an iHome for my ipod.
uhh, and clothes.
:p that's pretty much my list.
lol no a hologram did !
Haha
Great job on that partnership!
WinWinWin situation
Illusion never changed, into something real, I'm wide awake and I can see the perfect sky is torn.
3
Current Poll Results: Mami Tu Sabes is winning on the Poll Code link, while Spend The Night is winning on Facebook.
Keep voting!
Yes indeed!!!
Thnks!
Should be a great weekend for it!
We totally are!
The only reason we might stop at the outlets is because we saw a sign for TRAIN RIDES!!
ou can still talk to me ya know...
Such as?
Thx for the RT guys!
What's new in your world?
A Copernican Conception of Civilization  Grand Strategy: The View ...
I've always been a big advocate of eating the PR food.
If your opinion can be bought with a cupcake you're no journalist
ah i see, hope you find 1 !
But there were a lot of different answers which one fits your personality the best?
Be lean, think small and be quick.
Entering the last classroom of my college career.
Finally
Shelby doctorve  Riverdale
Thanks for the help with Twitter!
How To Get Spectators at Vball Games....
Step 1: hike spandex up butt.
Step 2: make sure jerseys are too short.
Is available in Illinois?
i think commenting should be left open on your responsive tables post, it's a problem that clearly needs further discussion
THE WALKING DEAD  tonight at 10 on AMC
no : my aunt lives there but I don't think I will be visiting her until September
And the tears start to come.
I miss you Matt!: remember me?
thank you!
I strive for excellence!!!
Hope u r feeling better!
director commentary
My.back.is.
Broken.
Need a massage more then air right now
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact?
They're trying not to attract any more undue blame then they already have.
You promised me that we could hang out but then you ditch me for you're sister?
Wow.
Luke's bday weekend lets go
oh oh whats in the microwave, is it popcorn?!
cuz i could go for some popcorn :
RT if you plan on dancing today!
Ok!
Just wanted to make sure my spam didn't intercept!
Lol
I need so much more than what he is offering...
better step your game up..
samzies.
but i'm here now!
:
Schnur: Can't regulate culture of excellence, comes from strong local leadership.
Must fix culture of compliance.
My girlfriend inspires me man..
Serious shit, this girls just a blessing to my life.
hey who u goin with this weekend and why I got edgar and page!
I 3 Girls Gone Wild
haha...sounds good..have a great weekend budday!
Opening some wine
they are no slouch in football either.
Hoping they kick a in the playoffs this year
I was there for lunch today for the first time.
Yum!
gracias!
sent you a cinco de mayo gift  ok not really, it's just a submission to a breakdown but..let's call it a cinco gift
O.o It doesn't make sense for me to waste money going to Six Flags b/c I wouldn't get on any rides , UNLESS its for a field trip again .
Klutzy Steph returns!
Sending piano music flying off the stand AND tripping over a cord.
All in one movement.
Life is either daring adventure or nothing.
Joshua and Phillip needs to go home!!
Jessica VS hollie !!!
Human Centipede was the crappiest movie ever.
Overtime Right Now On GoMileHigh.Com!!
Smoking, on that oh yeah .
3
I miss playing basketball.
RT : May God have mercy on your souls.
May God bless your souls.
Troy Davis' last words to his executioners
The Bakehouse does catering!!
Call 8123274842 for menu and details!
Thanks!
I hope you had a great conference  safe travels!
I like your style!
im awake..but not alive yet, havent had enough coffee yet..lol
The sun is now out here in Indianapolis
Ajay benches a couple of boxes of Monopoly, a few mats of Twister, and a helluva lota scrabble pieces!
Just got a reminder for a doctor's appointment tomorrow that I had forgotten about.
That makes 3 appts this week.
What was I thinking?
Like my ass and my anus cause its finally famous
its hard to call ron artest metta world peace when he still fights all the dudes he be on the court with...
Off work early.
Must be Friday.
has inspired me to start exploring new places, simply so they won't remind me of how boring I am/was a year from now
well that's cool..i am sure she'll enjoy it more that way
ILL SOBER UP FAST AS HELL LOL
Answer from Friday: The seed.
The delicacy that we eat and call the fruit is actually the swollen end of the stem called a doctorpe.
is an Australian rapper signed to T.I.'s rap label she has some dope stuff!
You should listen to it
Book Smart  Street Smart
Will you guys be getting the Rogue Green KD?
Phillies win!
1st 3 game win streak of the season!!!!
Feeling better today
Sleeve distribution: your sleeve ads go out on every cup of coffee sold by our network of shops, not on a table of flyers.
Irish Fest preview this morning on Wakeup!
Let's see if I bust out my Irish jig again:
NEW MUSIC CHECK IT OUT
AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN 3 Follow me.
Please?
It'll make up for the sadness I have that I can't go to your concert.
:
Yes  that you have a land line!
; Good luck getting it fixed, though!
atplc Create teams to analyze formative assessment  monitor kid by kid and skill by skill
I hate that.
then you don't wanna ask because you don't wanna seem like you're clingy
did you include all the cops and the dudes at GEF 2 u brought in for The Uprising?
I would kill for some coffee right now...
was that intentionally an Apocalypse Now crossreference?
My Hit single Every Bodies A Critic Featuring coming this summer followed by my album The Man Behind The Curtain SuNReSEnt
that first XClan joint
Oh!!
I'm at the panel now.
I'll go say hi afterwards :
Melo Stat  Chandler
lmao  this show
Can U Help Me Get JB's Attention
I focus on what's right!
I look for the solution.
I appreciate.
I admire.
I take responsibility.
I thrive always.
Welcome back!
Happy to see you this morning.
: There's no audio on the Ustream.
Free shuttle to the Milwaukee v Madison bball game tonight!!
doctornks are cheaper here then at the game so come get a free ride!!
Michael, thanks.
Glad to be a Tweep.
Appreciate it.
Dont make a decision based solely on popularity, just because other people are doing it doesnt mean its the best choice.
How to get to Screen on the Green: take the Metro to the Smithsonian spot.
Repeat next weeks.
had leftovers of the food I made last night it straight hit me with the mean itis I was knocked
Industry welcomes iiNet win
I'm never going to forgive myself if I hurt you.
in Wisconsin they just did a live look in and said they would pick it up in the bottom of the 9th
Yep, I am
Tandoctor Miller, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the RaffleOTron!
Please claim your prize in the atrium.
Dear GlobalWarming  You're the biggest disappointment since BrianBosworth ...
HD
Nice to see you again, Lourine.
Thanks for the RT.
Keep looking up!
No judgment.
I'm wearing a sundoctorss and sandles.
Anything else was too complicated.
I am NOT your stereotypical librarian because I am white and a woman!
Wait...that didn't come out right...
Don't go changing who you are
Will do :
Support the Passion Movement by downloading a track from Passion 101 at iTunes, Napster, Rhapsody or CDbaby.com
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.
If you're a man who enjoys bashing a woman's appearance on teh internets, then you should post a pic of yourself.
Yeah, didn't think so.
Happy mothers day!!!3
Big save there...
We really gotta pick it up..
Thanks!!
That's the plan, they know the deal haha.
Like no one tweets me now.
I take a break, then come back  everyone ignores me
really now lol.
Being a honey badger...
not a good day for two practicals
YOLO baby!!!
LOL RT : That was cray.
She really ran on the court.
Lmao what if somebody ran her over
Coolin In Apple Bees :D
He's coming back to rain upon HIS Throne...
haha it was fun!
Let's get crazy next week
Happy St.
Patrick's Day to all!
I should get out of bed and do something for it, shouldn't I?
good luck this year!
Get this week off to a great start!
Make today the day you decide to take your health and fitness to the next level
lmao i never got your text
and i said I'll kill all the first born
Please ff , NOT ::Trots to coffeemaker::
No paralysis through analysis
Going to be a great year
Hope your hike through the woods went well.
; Happy Sunday
where does one find these zillions of pounds of wollmeiise?
I cant with school anymore.
Im seriously about to cry...
I can't believe my soon to be boyfriend broke his collerbone.
Wish I could be there for you 33
Now that I think of it, my Library Director would probably be the best one.
Today tomorrow and every day after that :
Most are just slaves to their impulses.....and lack the ability to master their emotions...loose free spirits...producing replicas.
con
Fucking go to sleep or at least shut up.
who will be the last caller?
Shot footage for a fun viral video tutorial this weekend.
Should have it up tonight or tomorrow.
Sometimes you gotta just get up, shake off, and let it go.
It's hard to do, but when you do it, you feel free.
Not entirely sure.
I think it would concern a greasy, GrecoRoman style verbal battle where anyone listening loses.
You know you're getting old when you hear one of your favorite songs playing on the overheads at the grocery store....dang.
:/
Hi Lulu!
For exhibit I'd love to tap your brain on a few q's about being an artist.May I get in touch by email?
Its my birthday!
:
Looks just like you!
Thank you so much Melissa, its appreciated.
My daughter is a blessing and treasure.
5.25 to whoever gets Lindsay Lohan to Royal Palace instead of the White House Correspondents Circle Jerk.
Straight cash homey.
Okaii .
well if u need help searching just get me or Sam .
:
The wheels are spinning but I don't feel like I'm going anywhere...
will be joining us tonight to help wrangle some cameras.
Cc
Happy FF to you too!
We did!
but it was a short run for me to today so it wasn't so bad.
Mostly I felt really tough.
There are a lot of things I could be doing, but what should I be doing?
good job !!
love ur sound !!
ru looking to DJ in events?
yes please!
:
love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy to friend'  MLK : 
Happy New Year friends!
Be safe tonight...
Wishing you all an AMAZING 2012!
Hello World.
New production company on line.
First film Candor coming soon.
so glad to hear it.
and then you'll experience the organizational power of the iphone, and you'll give in.
haha
Today is going much better so far than my last Friday the 13th
I would be happy with either or considering its
.
I'd say it's the work of a LOT of awesome catalogers, students, archivists and other librarians!
:
Having a one direction moment with my little cousin : lol ah!!!!!
How can the muffins at Au Bon Pain have many more calories than the large cheesecake brownies?
recognize that 'Cuse is superior?
; //
Considering bills himself as an educator, you would think he would find a mor appropriate photo sharing site!
Fun fact for your weekend: It is impossible to keep your eyes open when you sneeze.
Note: Sneeze at your own risk if you test this fact.
:
Banh mi sammie w/ vetiver  kristen schaal  sir richard bishop in gallery installation  sound carving with nils' pedals  mountain man ...
Fat beats for rhymes....mad clips for my nine....
By Carter Maness The menacing hiphop from 16yearold Chicago rapper Chief Keef has been turning heads lately.
Now, aft
Pretty sure the airlines could all reach professortability if they reduced their direct mail spending on me alone.
like watching the games.
think about to watch veep
Let's GEAUX, SAINTS!
I'm so sick of school.
I think that's why I'm sick now
Thanks for tweeting my zombie article!
Miss U Sexy Bitch!!
xx
Were you picked on a lot when you were little?
You little fat hobbitt.
Next auction buy some stilts fatboy.
We love your videos.
: Life is good and everything is in full bloom!
People cant wait to shit on Tebow.
LA couldn't score in a brothel!
It's only fair they put one in to help you girls out!
you missed the party.
Hope the Cave Singers weren't worth it.
Thanks Enjoy your weekend.
Threw out my back moving and had to chill for a week or two.
Started fresh Monday.
How 'bout you?
Good question Whose coming to Monks for the games!!??
Stop being a JERK!
next time if your gonna keep saying want a cookie than bring me onne!
:
Me and got kicked out of algebra for speaking pig latin lmao
Is there any spreadsheet program currently available that won't make me want to claw my own eyes out?
Me: You're the berries Grandma thanks for the bday card.
Me: Did I really just say that Grandma: Say what?
Thank god she's 1/2 deaf
RT if you love Austin exactly the way he is.
3
And a happy birthday to you!!
:lol then all the bobbypins will be all ashy!
My homegurl just brought me some more to doctornk...
The first step is to admit you have a problem but then again I'm not doctornk yet lol
I hate readers advisory.
If this makes me a bad librarian, so be it.
DS12 great to walk in and be registered as VIP.
Thanks You know how to treat CIOs.
film my first short film as the lead role on monday so excited : : it is all about babysteps :Falling more in love wacting every min!
Jo March and Atticus Finch.
I LOVE this one!
Lakers about to win 4 straight
You had me at this makes 3 years in a row
Hey, 1,000 followers!
I know it's quality over quantity, but still...
a nice number to see.
And I assume you are all quality.
Thank you!
To do the impossible, you need to ignore the popular
TY so much for the missing person update.
It's depressing when left open, especially 3yo didn't get off at his stop ones.
It's just creepy.
And no I don't like Tony Goldwyn.
Was that the only movie he made?
Grandpa's Boy.
It really is!
Today I'm hit 2100 followers!!!!
RT It took longer to explain overtime than it did to play it.
RT if u saw victor cruz at the grammy's
Out of all the times my internet goes out.
I find out they're streaming skullgirls finals.
:
guess who I went out with
Ron Swanson is my idol!
I could push it to 2:302:15 w/out stops and more speed.
Just a normal day.
's favorite team is the Yankees?!
Brave man, admitting that to this Boston crowd!
Every dumbass who's kids are killed and raped by new live in boyfriends need to have their vaginas sewn shut and their kids given to dad.
mad at you.
...
U never follow through of what we say 
Did the B52s play yet on the TV Land awards ??
Get your cakes, cookies and pastries for your New Year's Eve celebration  Firehook Bakery  Coffee House!
you said you were walking on sunshine and I said me2.
I HATE THAT !
it happens to every team !
yayayayay , at least he got it back !
Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.
Don't.
when the reality show didn't make it
this is for the interim title right?
Let me know how it goes
Whether you like it or not, there is no comparison between a studentathlete and an employee of a university.
Apples.
Oranges.
Miss Universe 1998 semifinalist in Jail!Accused for doctorgs!
u got tickets!!!
Omg so jello!
What did u end up paying?
Martin considering DePaul Want to email him encouragement?
We want DePaul!!
Lol did u get my DM's or well read
Last Friday Nokia put on a huge event in Time Square featuring Nicki Minaj and an extravagant LED light show for the release of their...
I'm blaming Nickelback...for everything.
kk I'm following u
I am good, how are you?
hes going to be sorry he lost me.
I heard a rumor that you guys were planning on doing Warped tour next year, is it really true??
My life would be made!
Listening to and the morning show on is making miss the east coast oh so much!
Be inspired by some awardwinning libraries, such as and
Hey hey hey :D
are those all albums in the ipod?
You are a VO Rising Star too Brian!
Technically it does...
I knoww I'm so concerned about him..
hope everything is alright with him
well that was frustrating.
had a chance to make my first rise above starting stack but kk  55 aipf K855 hrnnngh :
Ok.
Enjoy
Oscar season is here!
Win free movie tickets for a YEAR at AMC!!
Just like SBXThe125 on Facebook by 1/31 for chance 2 win.
what to do tmw
Finishing lunch  then back to
I am most certainly a Progressive!
TX6 needs a strong, principled challenger 4 Joe Barton.
I'd love to chat!
Peyton's street team is a ghost town tonight.
Where did everyone go?
I'm pretty sure that the followme video didn't kill all of them.
:
Thanks for mentioning us :
lol, snoring is never pleasant : ...
Even if Congo might be boring, its better that your man doesn't snore.
Isn't it?
joy.
sob.
oscars.
BIG THANKS to all who came out to support  last night!
Your attendance really made the event AWESOME!!
THANK YOU :
this shud be a good one RT : Week 16 matchup: Indianapolis Colts at Oakland
Going to be so expensive.
They're already ridiculously priced.
I'd have to get a 2nd mortgage.
Hahaha you can't hide a stud and your parents would kill you!
My mom doesn't know :/ lol
Wonder what LaRussa would do if the Brewers performed an today?
Any predictions?
Summer Work Packets for AP ENGLISH LANGUAGE AND COMPOSITION will be distributed to incoming students starting tomorrow.
Here we go!
right now were in the middle of working on our solo albums and also have a new group album in the works too for RnB Smoove
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent Eleanor Roosevelt
im not going to gym tmisterow.
Change??
Change??
On the tip on the way to workk
It's busy in here!
I haven't seen a line this long since I hung out with Josh Hamilton and Ron Washington.
Finished reading Time Future.
Moving on to The Venus Throw.
How is school going?
Q: What do you call an afghan virgin A: Mever bin laid on
THERE IS AN INEXPLICABLE COUPLE IN COMMON ROOTS THAT HAVE BEEN SITTING FOR 2 HOURS WITH TACOS NOT EATING THEM
I hope the iPad 3 has a CD player!
Dude, give me your CDs.
lmao it should be the opposite RT : I want oomf number but I'm too scared to ask for it lol
finally going to be dying my hair on saturday!
no more blonde tips!!!
xD
is available, and PERFECTLY fits your description!
Audition?
the tickets are only in the UK right?
be glad you didn't contract malaria!
Only a few more months and SDBB will take you back.
I've lost a lot of sleep to doctorams
you stick em on your tata's and twirl!
Just had an AWEsome meeting with the lovely and talented folks of  their new office in St.
Pete is streets ahead!
Pushing people away and denying yourself love makes you weak, not strong.
Especially when you do it out of fear.
Tom is demoing what Amazon looks like without CSS on.
Good times.
I knew that already!
Haha we have a class together  you didn't know that?
Smh LOL
PATH is representing at SAS workshop at Vizcaya Museum with DJ Purist sitting in.....lmao....
Nervous and excited for our collective TEDxSEA talk on Fandango Without Borders this morning!
So cold and tired.
Cutest girls on campus  Have a great day!
yes please come visit us for lunch!!
Free cookies samples for desert!
WOOHOO!
Donations are the best way to show some love for people and the planet!
97 bucks from me to Nature Conservancy
Need coffee, but loud music will have to do.
For now.
Minnesota Vikings 2012 Schedule: Downloadable, Printable
really?: would you like that if u got that from ur bestfrieend?
Interesting and/or unusual masturbation techniques?
email me  Compiling a list!
:
2 hrs sitting on and problem isn't even fixed
Bud can have its patio and 70ft Jumbotron.
I'll stick with the bleachers and 70oz pitchers of
Thanks so much!
That's just like me saying I'm trying to give your sister the dick...some shit you just don't say
If the Lakers lose to the Nuggets, I'll be embarrassed for all Laker fans..
Just did my first sprint since Sunday.
It was fun and I got 456 words.
I miss you!
Instagram is taking over the world..
I don't think I'd ever be mad enough at a person to want to kill them.
Think we turn around and trade him right away?
Awards can be pretty sweet too!
It's your birthday?
Have a happy one
happy mother's day
YOU ARE SO ANNOYING GO AWAY OH MY GOD
: Just doctorve past this truck...Yikes!
What do you think they do do?
Seriously I'm intrigued...
Houston has Pooper Scoopers
Have you followed us back yet?
We do pizza giveaways all the time, but only for our followers :
Go to the NFL's Facebook page and votefordoctorver  best 7th round pick
doctor tech for The Fazzino Ride!
Stay tuned.
Oh I know my man..
It's a pain in the ass though and a lot of work..
Just got to work.
Yes Barbara!
I heard it's super expensive but if I will see if I can at least visit!
:
Sorry for my erratic retweets last night.
A rude person stole my phone and did it
I know he didn't expect to be pulled out of bed on a Sunday night, but is JohnKing doctornk?
People in Nashville are clapping for Adele.
That's a comeback!
is so insane.
Her life is so miserable that she can't even see how she treats others.
Purple Rain dance party with and babyaddie....mom and dad with their gin  tonics and addie with her cheerios....good times
Royals bases loaded, one out, Gordon at bat.
I say 75 chance for a double play.
Marcoi Terminesi with the header finish to give the lead back with :17 to go in 3rd.
Wave leads 97 over
Cat that just rocked the stage was ..
BigRichTexas just another reality show to be addicted to.
I just got sucked in.
has written, jogged, committed and most importantly preordered his Yo La Tengo LP  balancing out his ceaseless playing of Popular Songs
Seems like this is the 1st night in months where there's no NBA on my TV.
Weird.
Oh well...I'll watch the Nat Geo Wild channel instead.
People always wonder why I take so many days off school.
Days like today when I stay up all night in the bathroom is your answer.
Try your best to keep your eyes open today; you will probably come in contact with someone that could use your help.
Try to pay it forward!
How can independent schools make themselves more prestigious, and fascinating?
teaches today at
Pulled over.
First time...
Fun....
real good things are going well with everything I have to try and make it out one tuesday !
I got a plan!!
Aggooo mee...now on to
Thursdays are more then just a bridge to the weekend, they are days were great accomplishments can me made!
smh you gotta be shytn me another ot 
captainin Bruce Clark's body arrived in Rochester this morning.
was there and has the emotional story tonight at six.
The final special performance by du Soleil starts at 16:45  did we mention that it's happy hour too : doctorpa hall 8b
One lie leads to another
Hahaha, I think they'd sign off love and huggies don't you?
A Christmas Story marathon is on
luckily, I used to work in Rock Ctr, so know where the cracks in security are.
After the radio interview walking by the same building where I got laid off just follow your
One of my favs..
as Dustin, Goldust, the artist formally known as, WWE Dustin hell even that fkn TNA st
in ATX this Friday w/ Loegz and more.....
i had it before the season an took kemp and also managed to get hamilton 3rd round
Can someone please explain why the show Toddlers and Tiaras betters society in any way?
Trapeze would've been awesome.
But no, headstands in outdoor yoga.
Fun, though I like your idea even better!
I was fucked up yesterday I wonder if I ran somebody dog over
literally playing volleyball with balloons in first period while eating cake 
Yes I do, but only by special order.
Late registration is open until 8:40 pm for tonight's 140 buy in Bounty Tournament.
Start with 10,000 chips.
Happy Hour starts at 4!
Come for our famous La Casa margaritas!!
ONLY 5!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
oh okay!
I have to study for finals too!
Lol and thank you!!
:
Brian: Face it Peter, you get competitive about everything.
Peter: I am so not competitive.
In fact, I am the least noncompetitive so I win.
New Doctor Who is now a minute away...
why no hardware encryption?
Don't stand too close to the heater plastic melts
stop retweeting lies and slander about 5 guys Burgers and Fries!
ITCHY FEET!Can't wait for 2011 so I can grab my backpack,salsa tunes,scripts,travel crewgo once/twice around the world again!BRING IT ON!X
Can anyone help?
Please.
Stress everywhere.
Sam has never seen The Wonder Years?
Time for Netflix!
Perhaps we're all curators now, a la Pinterest, Tumblr.
RT I don't get the new Delicious.
Dear, boy/girlfriend If I ever walk in2 the house n your wearing a ForeverEazy Make sure u have called the cops 2 come pick me up 4 murder
Wooooohooooo followed me!
AT ALLThey them NIGGAS that be flodgin/man THAT NIGGA Wouldn't kick a Ball/I Will show THESE NIGGAS How To BALL/IMMA TRILL NIGGA
Johnny Cash Tunes at 8 with Big Smith, Cold Beer, BBQ, and our Porch is open.
See Ya'll Tonight!
JC
Man I can't wait for SlickLiving to doctorp from !!!
That mixtape is going to be epic!!
Tell that boy I said  dendoe
Awesome.
I was half right : RT : Golden Tate is the pick.
Really, really like this one, too.
Only a few more days to the preview of my first Spike Lee Joint!
Hoping to make some good connects in Utah.
Keep ya head up!!
YaDig ?
Why are we only allowed to use 144 characters on these things again?
It makes me feel far more inclined to just put up facebook wall posts..
Got the all clear from Overdoctorve.
Alerting the masses.
Adults that claim to love baby food are the worst kind of assholes.
wht did i say
Concentrate on finding your goal, then concentrate on reaching it.
Michael Friedsam
Juice Mann what's good
rt : Compassion is a mental quality that can bring us true lasting inner peace and inner strength.
Interested in the gingerlime concept though I'm curious as to the difference between ade and ale.
Now this makes a little more sense
The hardest part of leavin you are those eyes.
R those eyes.
So take it all and leave it do, so sick n tired of all of you, but those eyes..
41999 You're beautiful!
And a real dutch mahomie!
; just friggin' love ya!
X Amy 3
it's alright Jermichael.
People don't realize how much your talent opens up the field for Greg, jordy, Donald and James.
160
Thank you!
3 So much talent in BOS would love to pull off more things here in vein of /LUMEN8/Lightbox event
struggling with negative, self centered people who demand more and give nothing.
TGIF, although I have a few deliverables today which is never fun on a
Anyone wanna help me with the Dayshell video?
You can be an admin on the Pray for Shay page too.
Rose injury unknown, no word on the mister yet!!!!
But still it can't be good for the Bulls...
Sure....
we ALL know what you're going to do at 11:59
P.S.
Anyone out there using an older WordPress version, take noteyou need to update it periodically.
This is probably obvious to many!
why thank you 
I'm looking forward to it!!
:
LMFAOOOOOOOO.
OMG.
IT WAS.
IT REALLY WAS.
OMG, TELL LUIS TOMORROW THAT I LOVE HIM, OK.
thanks!
They survived the last minute.
Haha good game : not as intense as the Heat/Knicks game tho hehe
I am doing absolutely lovely!
You?
Don't worry Arthouse I'm with you.
Who needs curators.
Let's take this to da streets.
Social Media Curators!
Best idea yet!
FKNOSM!
when r u going to pr???
weirdly, I need a Wilton Spongebob Squarepants Cakescapes Cupcakes Stand Kit and Mickey Mouse baking cups.
for a friend.
Anyone have extras?
Mass Effect 2 and This Modern Glitch?
I fucking win
Love the Scottish actors  their accents..
Hiking with Dad and Mc K
hey, can I crash the VIP thing tonighta friend was the Yelp winner and I'm the Hag...come on...
25 for 15 minutes 100 an hour No Ordinary Psychic Radio Psychic Astrologer Devika Kumar!
aint nothing on his chin
ha ha omg I didn't know that was possible poor guy
isn't it great?
GirlsShould have more respect for there selves
Tweet tweet
i was but they left i was like no chloe ah i wake up in a hospital lol
My sister woke up from her nap in a bad mood.
She needs to go back to sleep.
I'm sick of being yelled at and bossed around.
OMG thanks for the follow :D
Got to expect that C Peter Konz will go very quickly in the 2nd round with Colts picking 2nd and Ravens picking 3rd
Where is my twitter wife?
Watching Diners, doctorveIns  Dives about Dogs  Burger.
Omg, had me at 'chicago dog'.
Starving now at 9:55pm.
It's more of a personal pet peeve than anything else.
Most of the time the books don't have to be read in order anyway.
Off to Atlanta for CHI.
The flight's on a 777, so the upgrade to business class is just peachy.
Now THIS is legroom.
WHATS UP RED!!!!
You rock so hard....
Love to you!!!
AND Happy Birthday!!!!
xoxxoxoxo
We're taking a wee break from Yule Struttin' this year.
Don't fret!
You're covered.
Come to Le Jazz Hot  get down, Speakeasystyle!
NOV.
6
Dont be scared, its only love were falling in.
l stuttered while asking out girls
Hey and photog Rod Stevens FUN FUN live shot !
Great job sharing story of Packy's bday bash w/ viewers!
that's what I said lol
Q: Thoughts on WarHorse?
A: Liked it better when it was called HomewardBound.
PS: considered saying
awww i missed twitcam :' why did i have to go to school!!!
March, my hurdle month, is almost over!
It'll be smooth sailing from here :
Stuck around.
like a sucker.
thats ok, live and learn.
got u Ima switch it up just to c way u on fam...
I think if Tumblr had been around in the late '30s, Winston Churchill would have had a least a few devoted to him.
I did hear batista went back to wwe
tell moms i said what up
loves that Daniel Craig was on the Today show plugging Cowboys  Aliens and talking about the premier at ComicCon in San Diego!
I understand why he would say he sucks.
oh lord..
lpl
Only one week left of school!
haha those were the days!
Who's that Spartan in my teepee??
it'sme
oh hey: not much just busy with work and waiting for the new mic, miss recording :
Trying to get back on track with my art.
It's been such a busy week.
TGIF!
Selection Sunday!
Selection Sunday!
Selection Sunday!
Selection Sunday!
Selection Sunday!
Selection Sunday!
Selection Sunday!
That's what we like to hear!
MT If I'm someday half the teacher my cooperating teacher is, I'll be happy.
Yes maam i sure am i sent you a request on fb too
Not enough people are asking why we don't have a taco stand in the lobby of our building.
Neither is GoogleGears!
I need to figure out how to downgrade FF before heading to ALA tomorrow.
Must be able to do email offline.
hghs has 2 lunches now?
o.O
Which do you like better: Wuthering Heights or Pride  Prejudice?
Because I am ready to pass judgment on your answer.
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more Tony Robbins
The Bachelor Ben is the biggest fool on reality TV!
Clearly, listening to the women was not a part of his Bachelor journey!!
a friend of mine sang that song when we did it in high school.
He was AMAZING!
Thanks for following ME!
haha and my band we appreciate it very much 
With too many Latino kids in foster care, a state assemblyman searches for ...
San Jose Mercury News
Hubs just home from SDSUBasketball.
Worst.
Referees.
Ever.
follow me please 3
Tonight at Whiskey Chicks  100 Bones will be rocking the night away!
Also  the Whiskey Chicks website is coming soon so stay tuned!
I wake up in the morning, put on my yellow shirt.

RT : Always love ridin the Metro at night back to VA!
Calm  peaceful!
Made kielbasa soup for dinner.
Wife said she didn't want then emerged and ate a bowl.
No compliment or thanks.
But she finished it all off.
showed me some sick pictures, including a portrait of david beckham
Questions asks of edtech entrepreneurs.
Is focus on the full impact?
Does it close the gap or widen it?
Small Help A Big Leap For Kids39; Tv
FATE has conspired to put me in the doctorvethrough of a KFC.
OF COURSE I'm getting one!
IT was a blast!
RT : Just finished interviewing for Red.Hot.Momentum on the Air tomorrow  Woohoo!
Amen sister!!
Just got the first one!
I love the new gig!
Great to be home!
Lunch soon?
better to think it
Happy birthday to have a great day Joe.!:
which app?
Well ...
you would be the one to pinpoint that storm, wouldn't you?
Get on it!
:P
: Be the kindness you wish to see in the world.
B.
D.
Schiers kindness quotes
Can't wait for the Crab Feast this evening!
Come visit and I at the Social Media Lounge
It's called amazin
Nasty cold this weekend.
I am bound and determined to get things done today!
I need motivation!
...there's not enough redbull in the world...
You feel that steam heat coming?
That's from my under carriage
Anyone having a MadMen themed party in SF this Sunday?
I make killer Old Fashions ;
We showed them!
RT : Joke's on you Charlie!!
You said Kentucky was better.
make a huge difference.
I feel secure and safe enough to work hard, and they are light enough I almost feel barefoot.
Love them.
if u went to a party  a hostess never acknowledged u would u feel welcome?
i feel that way about blogs.
say hi.
wave.
something
Call us at 13265155 to discuss your bankruptcy options and well schedule you a free consultation with a bankruptcy attorney.
Ouch.
I remember what happened to the last guy who used that one.
When I see you with her I die a little
Can't stop playing doctorw something
you should on of these days it's the first British tv showe I've ever seen
I'm guessing that you wouldn't think your tweets are your best work, but rather your art is.
Yes?
Come join us tomorrow at 11am for CentralAustinJelly.
Productive mischief  USA soccer  Win!
Sent that link to a few weeks back...
Impressive isn't it?
Bleh going to the hospital .
Winning run aboard!
I feel weird  lol
It's only hours away!
Come watch the 49ers put away the NYGiants at the pub with 2 Sierra Nevada Pale Ale doctorfts!
okay, haha.
Yoy can stay maybe Monday night lol.
Congrats to the 2012 Orientation Leaders!
So much nostalgia right now.
Easy to doctoram a doctoram, but harder to live it.
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Are the ones i know ill regret
I want to try it just to tell people what I'm wearing!
WhoopAsh  I luv it!
It's a BIG day around here.
Can't wait to celebrate 2011 as a team this afternoon!
It's been a long time since I got doctorssed up in went out.......
Thanks, man!
I'm kinda floored by that...
To love and win is the best thing; to love and lose, the next best.
I was very confused after opening the photo due to the captainon :
The color of your sweatshirt is very welcoming lol
Oh boy, food coma.
After a dinner of ny strip steak, salad, Mac and cheese, baked potato, and Texas toast.
Some girls cry over men i cry over being broke.
My mind is on my money, not on no man.
Step yo' money game up before you end up on skidoctorw
Yeah sun sun it going to be hot weather with no rain I well never never!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Know CMPUNK rules
i had one of those.
i called her mom jeans.
woohoo...
one week to 6Nations rugby...
already booked my place at the pub in Santa Monica for 6am next Saturday !!!
Stop by our shop on for toffee or iced coffee!
Join us as Chispa Marketing races to spark a difference at the 11th Annual Lou Gehrigs Disease 10K Run  5K Run/Walk in Coconut Grove....
Got sick in school :p blah :
Not a problem.
Ppl hav to help/support others right?
: Thank u for ur luv n support
My mind will be closed all weekend due to Irene.
ok ok, sorry bout that...I mustve been working.
Can we just skip finals and it be summer already?
This workdayafterlate night rock show is brought to you by
Hey, Vision Hyundai Henrietta, did you know youre actually in Brighton?
hi Eddie  thanks for connecting here  happy holidays!
I can stop if you want.
Ultrasounds are the worse.
For one, that's not the person who's professorle it is  false advertising.
And it's an alien!
Recreating the future one day at a time is surprisingly rewarding.
You gotta love twitter!
Ah ha Moments?
That Would Be Aisle ThreeNext To Flashes Of Insight.
Sikeeeee!
Haa, I Don't Think That's Possible.
I never thought I'd have to say don't kick your brother in the head.
George Chauncey finishing his research this week
Glad you liked!
where yall moving bro
FF experts at elevating business results
Si IS the BEAVER COMMANDER!
congratulating Margaret Singer of Su Casa: Immigrants, immigration is the back bone of our country.
DONT LEAVE SOMETHING GOOD TO FIND SOMETHING BETTER.
ONCE YOU REALIZE YOU HAD THE BEST, THE BEST HAS FOUND BETTER
WORD!
RT god I love joe biden.
seo marketing , Harrahs Casino, Emagister, Sam's Club , each sign 2 year marketing contracts with DeVante Designz Inc.
devantedesignz.com
hm.
no, let's leave that part of the past in the past.
What other techthemed movies were part of the schedule this semester?
Cool.
Would love to hear your thoughts.
I use an extra long straw for snorting  never have to take my eyes off the road
Fire, walk with me.
Heh.
This was a review for Yelp.
I didn't realize it would be posting to Twitter.
Thanks for the heads up.
should colab with and it would be crushing.
omg it hurt so bad!!
C'mon Lost  7pm on a sunday just doesn't work for me.
What's the matter with the regular time?
Word on the street is the waiting list for hippo bathtubs is long.
listing only ends if someone buys and quantity is set to 1.
EverFeelLike telling your boss to go fck himself/herself?
I certainly have...but I like making money too much so I'll pass.
They have taken so many tests in the last 2 weeks...EOC exam, On Demand Writing Test, AP exams,  finals.
I'm back nigguhz lol but yea I'm gonna start tweeting now cause I got my iPod :3
nope..
Just like voicemail and answeringmachines ...Nothing to hide..
Thanks for your opinion...
Band doctorma m/
I love it.
Comfort food.
Thanks Gaetano!
My friend Gordon is a great songwriter.
It was a real pleasure to solo to.
:
Jersey shore marathon all day..yeah buddy.
The whole country got a gift when Vinny did the MLB game last night!

New STD out called Ass Whoopin.....
Keep talking shit  you just might catch 1 quick !!!
i just realized i never replied.
i've been up to being busy!
working on the morning show now, too!
Is this your first sachat Justin?
Only on Twitter a couple weeks and jumping right in.
I love it!
Man, how many community service hours and extra curriculars did you need to get into that fancy community college?!??
hey Francisco how was Andy Pettitte today?
In your opinion
Pending your approval :D!
If lines are bad I'll let you work your magic with someone the front
Don't know what you doing to me with your love ...
Thx.
Have a good night!
lol what?
We got to pick whatever types of teams we wanted.
1 RT : I'm starting to love the idea of Baltimore's innovative persona: Instead of Get In on It, it should be CREATE BaltiMORE
I was just doctornking a carton of chocolate milk and it had pictures of Malkin  Fleury on the back.
RT Try Olive You for happ hour.you may find it so surprising....
just a short doctorve from Belltown
MT : FollowEDU is exactly what I was looking for!
I found it difficult to find higherEd ppl in broad social networks.
Kudos!
Instagram, Clear, and Band of the Day are three of my favs.
I want something , I just don't know what
: Me  beatin up this chick at the end of the school year after school lol middleschoolmemories haha OMG Miss it
Aight bet, I wasn't even feeling you like that anyways.
RT : Cleaning Up Language Around Ocean Pollution: call it PlasticPollution not a GreatPacificGarbagePatch...
Trailer to be released soon..
keep checking the website and fanpage!
I finally read your magazine cover story.
I'm gonna have to let you sign it.
I was telling ppl, I know her!
L734 MEMBERS!
PLEASE CHECK WEBSITE, EMAIL  SNAIL MAIL FOR IAFF CONVENTION CALL INFORMATION.
tweeted this from Ricky by mistake
A woman can cry for someone she doesn't really love.
A man will cry only for someone he truly loved.
patio..
Yes please!!
RT: Manning will throw for the Titans as well, no date has been set for that workout
notice me out of 20million BELIEVE 11
Shout out to our new followers!
chillin in the men's room, washing my hands when this big dude busts in  runs to the stall...I'm out, cuz shit's about to get REAL in here!
What was the coolest thing from SXSW that stuck with you over the past couple months?
WOW  I THOUGHT BELIEBERS HELP EACHOTHER....
CAN U GUYS GIVE ME  SHOUTOUTS?
I GOT HACKED!!!!!!!!
A1: Chicago.
Rentals up.
Houses smaller.
People staying put.
Broccoli Mashed Potatoes Sometimes the easiest way to get kids to eat vegetables is by pairing them with foods kids already like.
Take th
Thanks for the shout out in support of our Eugene expansion!
Championship Thursday !
no Andy Carroll from the start on Saturday and an overreliance on Gerrard to lift the team
it wouldn't be another gear Sunday on this earth in Brooklyn if there wasn't a man walking down the street yelling sodomite conquerer
America the beautiful Up to 150 off 721 day tours U.S.
Southwest.
Deal on now!
Sometimes, if you aren't sure about something, you have to just jump off the bridge and grow wings on your way down.
Danielle Steel
Early menopause linked to higher risk of osteoporosis, fracture and mortality
you're too sweet!
Now Playing Everyday Struggle Notorious B.I.G.
R.I.P.
Biggie
And one of our kids plagiarized his poetry contest entry.
Really guys?
Sigh.
it was OK, i can see where it would be interesting to some folks, but i am not sure i can watch it too much..too slow for me
The CEO of is giving a prezintation at the tonight.
Excited to get some first hand tips from the source.
A nutgraph is what was, what is and what's now!!!
I'm also fascinated that the professorssor has saved me the effort and turned himself into a character.
top10Lies Your opinion matters.
free admission for IL residents at and do you guys have IL licenses?
Just found out about the about:robots screen in Firefox....
check it out!
URI is about:robots
yeah.
she came to our homecoming game.
:
you can always come back to the library...
Anondezvous is a rendezvous that never happens.
i wish 2 be that object ;
What's up today?
Sad songs by Sr.
Elton John is making me dance in my car
yes now i know i can keep my favorite jersey haha
Tired and cranky.
: Cowboy fans: I love our chances to beat the Giants, Tony Romo has never lost on a Wednesday night!
Hey guys, if you've signed up for the program  tell your friends!
We need people
Of course!
We effing HATE the Braves.
sending good thoughts to Kicho
I don't look like my struggles...
ImThatPersonWho always tries to take things positive 
It's hot here and has been during the weekend.
People often wonder if they belong somewhere, when an assumed community exists.
Give them a choice, and they'll find their niche.
I shared your article w/ my art teachers and they loved it!
It looks like a blast.
What you are is what you have been.
What youll be is what you do now.
Buddha
Tomorrow night head out to BRINK ORLANDO for Foreplay Fridays!
I'll be spinning and free doctornks will be available 1112!...
act like you are busy, your lifes lame :P
Writing a masterpiece of gay proportions can be a difficult task when the coffee runs empty!
Question of the day?
How does Twitter help your business?
Maybe 95 were refis then, rare to get a sale, bet that's nearly reverse now?
I'm a Realtor now, new perspective.
Message to world: This is America.
We are rebuilding the Twin Towers better than ever while Bin Laden rots in hell.
Don't tread on us.
Click the link below to download a 1 hour mix of music from DJ DENCO on Opening Day LIVE from the Tavern Downtown!
Thanks DJ Denco!...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GORGEOUS 
If you not tweet me,i'm sad.So someone can tell to Ariana tweet me?
who fuckin cares, really
haha no!
But it was a killer sweater and hat!
I saw their mother back and forth many times yesterday bringing worms and things to them.
She's a squawker too!
the results of this study are directly related to future levels of productivity in the office.
MySiblingIsWeird He wants to have a threeway with Padma Lakshmi and William Shatner..
Oh my god Philly!
Why does everything shut down at midnight.
Only the Cubs could make that play.
For the purposes of the FAA 'sign off' is a multi million dollar process, so count your blessings.
CAKEBOSS AWAKE MOJO  those words remind me of an amazing artist :D
God allows bad things 2happen 2 good people?
Look, there has only been ONE good person and what bad happened to him I caused.
He is Jesus
Those Brownies look god as fuck!!!!!!!!
Bring me some!
Good morning, everyone!
Happy International Ask a Question Day!
Submit your marketing questions to us!
dang that sucks.
now playing s  m rihanna on jackiespeaksshow www.urbanlatinoradio.com
My Students: The more joyous we are about embracing lifes obstacles, the greater the chances well be in for the long haul!
yes yes!
Just want to make sure you see the love cuzzz.
Heres looking at ya'!
If I had my way would get the rights and make Mad Max comics.
you still up?
come do hw or chill with me at 210D if you are.
Enjoy a Wonderful, Joy Filled and Grateful 'Autumn' Weekend Everyone!
We're looking forward to finishing up some new songs for you all soon, stay tuned for some updates and keep rockin
yeah young help buy it out because they trying buy her a successful rap career Grammy first then we can't talk lol?
today my mom said she is my best friend, great not only do I have a godawful mother, my best friend is a total bitch
If it's a courthouse story, I'm there!
Little and I arrived there together and double teamed it, though we got nothing
Tonight calls for a run!
so ready!
We need to get the tickets for tampa  boston at Fenway...you can wear your Tampa stuff...we'll just get shot...
this is my clever face
Just bought 504 ADDITIONAL beers for the roaddoctorn.
This weekend is going to be epic!
I did an auction booklet recently!!!!
Need some help??
Chupacabra is at n capital and mass.
Tacos make u happy.
Meow meow.
Pizza Fun Fact: 36 of people consider pizza the perfect breakfast  do you agree?
One day everyone hits good...next day they get pulled back into not hitting with RISP...now what?
RT glad i'm not called louis, apparantly, LOUIS HAS A MANGINA.
I wonder if he MANJAZZLES IT!
bad for the heart, it would give him ANGINA!
Finally off!
Now for supper :/
R.I.P.
Dick Clark.
Pop culture icon and slice of Americana passes from the scene.
omg, sounds like heaven.
well let's get together catch up ..
Yo.
The Lucky One actually looks like a cool movie.
Save your judging.
lol
Tracy ..Come down after or before the show eat some sushi Rolls, Welcome back to the Mile Hi City
It is said that love is blind!
Acceptance is the blind spot we experience when in love...judgment is more insight than looking into others!
As he should its his job to make sure they show up every game!
yea my imbox is now filled w/ it, totally killed my scream marathon!
Bout to eat some long john silvers,chicken wit vinagar.
Chow down time
let me know if I can help you get started!!
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!.
it's crazy please follow me!
PutYourHeartsUp  18
Roman Martinez veteran lobo move.
3 ball ties it.
try again tomorrow, except do the elaine dance.
follow me on twitter
Always aim at complete harmony of thought and word and deed.
Always aim at purifying your thoughts and everything will be well.
M.G
Going to be doing some more mixing on the album today!!
Home studiomixing in PJ's : Jason
Flying to NYC june 2nd!
If you know anyone that needs photos I have two spots open the 3rd Mi Amiga.
yes sir!
Lightening strikes!
you're welcome!
disagree, you women ruined it.
Too many times behavior like that is rewarded
It always taste better when someone else cooks mother's meals
Following more arianators when I come back from school this morning :
amwriting something.
For this fine monday.
is offering the following services: setting up and maintaining accounting procedures and books, developing budgets, auditing accounting rec
I agree!
Can't wait for the next one: U Ignite?!
RT What a great community and bring together
yay yay yay, love when people are excited about Twitter!
aww thanks lovely : you're too sweet .xx
The universal truth is that we all only have 24 hours per day to purse our goals or be close to others.
No one has more time than you.
the screening was awesome!!!
Jumping on my tramp.
I just have so much energy right now .
Like im so excited.
I made the same change a few months ago and thought the same thing.
Some people take sports way too seriously.
Congrats!
DM me so I can get your info...
SabinSchellenberg free ewaste recycling event hosted by Green Century
Everytime I hear the beginning if Summer Nights, I think WMYB is coming on...
They sound so alike...
Failed North Korean Launch a Setback for Kim Jongun Defying warnings of more censure and sanctions, North Korea launched a rocket Friday
Plane full of Brewers hats.
My people!
is on her way to play softball on Roosevelt Island!
:D
is happy her parents' home is still standing but wishes she was helping to cover ike's aftermath in houston.
Just made vegan Indian food and stuffed peppers!
Yummy!
What a wonderful feeling that is!
I did say something once, she laughed and slogged away ARGHHH
thanks.
I'm getting your updates.
I've been following you since way back.
:
Walking dead is the shit
Home early just to see and
Downloaded Words With Friends on my doctorid.
Now to figure out how to play.
Connected thru FB.
No idea who could count the InChI Keys.....not sure it's an easy challenge...
I'm going to put myself into a diabetic coma tonight.
Yeeeeaaaaaaaah I don't.
No school for me,
Many more moving musical measures coming soon :
The worst feeling in the world is forgetting someones bday that your close to...
Smdh!!!!
RT lmao people r actin like boosie is about to b in the studio tommorow, dude isnt even gettin outta jail for a cool 8 yrs
Imagine being so excited for the fall semester of Ball So Hard University, and you show up and the TA is teaching class.
You'd doctornk 4 days.
:/ maybe it will come monday...
btw i washed ur sweat shirt!
the stains came out!
ill bring it tomorrow!
do that ..
Because its some shit going on tomorrow!
where are you off to next?
I coached BB 13 years.
Best memory was parents of child with learning issues tell me his being on my team was 1st time he was treated as .
Looking for a new sales career?
Look no further.
basecommission, benefits, gas allowance, awesome company.
DM me if interested!
That must be the new version of cutting off sleeves.
Cool.
What's your prices?
I'm happy to see here on Twitter!
:D
NOW Russell is in?
Incredibly stupid managing.
All because this is the 8th  the last was the 7th.
Yet that situation was...
was so good on dancing with the stars, he deserved to stay!
haha.
If you haven't been crossed you haven't played anybody good.
nah missed him at dba by 10 minutes.
He's still the nastiest...
I really need to keep my emotions in check were is my support group when I need them
this is just crazy right now
well now I HAVE to watch it!
I'm so curious about what happened to make it so awful.
I'm tired of waiting days for Firefox updates.
I want to have to update my browser every few hours!
has a new legal intern  Ilaria Canepa  honors graduate of University of Milan law school  starting next week.
AH.
Starbucks, Dunks, not open yet...
I'm like a crack addict trolling Downtown Crossing, looking for a fix.
pussy way out.
At least no tax  spent on trial and prison
Thursday  10 am Hot with Bethany and 4 pm Power with Gwen.
Go ahead, laugh at the ice as you walk out of 105 degrees!
heh
wish I was there with u guys ...
10FactsAboutMe 1.
My name is Maria 2.
I'm 13 years old 3.
I'm a Mahomie 4.
I only have 2 true friends I can trust
I know it's hard to keep an open heart when even friends seem out to harm you
I know lent is still for another 2 weeks but im going back to the gym!
Did someone say rain?
So true.
RT : I love Peeta and I love Gale.
I have a favorite for Katniss.
But I really hate this team talk.
This isn't Twilight.
Chopped it up w/ big cuz needed a good ole laugh from my crazy day, now its hubby n wife time w/
Thanks for the follow!
Don't forget to follow too :
why is this happening?
reality tv expo wtf?
www.realityrocks.net
When you're behind in reading your twitter feed, at what point do you say, Screw It, and scroll through?
530?
will never notice mee :'
ps.
If u don't follow , please do.
She is one of the coolest people you'll ever meet.
Reign truly the kingofallmedia!!!!!!
He Finna Blow Me Real Tlk!!
No weapon formed against us shall prosper.
Unity is key.
you texted me this morning ?
ThmisterKno: The author of Revelation loved the language of numbers.
In the year 95 CE, 7divine wholeness, 6incompletness, falling short.
I'm interested what's the title of the album that's about to come out.
Got SANDCASTLES on Netgalley!
better make something happen or this friendship could be over.
If you can't read this, I've been sopa'd.
wordpress helped me so much.
Great for training, easy to code or customize and user friendly content management system.
I might be the only Florida girl who owns only 1 pair of flip flops.
I have sandals, but only 1 pair of flops for the beach.
Smh
Speaking in French.
c:
I was up late reading MOCKINGJAY last night and tried to read it while I brushed my teeth this morning.
My brain is in Panem.
;
I loved going in the tunnels!
It was so much fun
found out wat
Teaching what double doctorbbling is!
And clock management!
And
I couldn't fit any more letters!!
I heard that you like the bad girls, honey, is that true?
I think I broke a toe, maybe two.
Let's shoot this wedding!
New topic  Gots me a little itch!
Don't consider yourslef an ugly person , consider yourself as a beuatiful monkey 3
the book is amazing so far!!!!:D
Sorry I didn't take your advice, dear.
Had to go with the black  red/orange.
Already have shoes that will match perfectly!
All you folks here for gnomedex this weekend, welcome to Seattle.
You cannot propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.
Found this online: Color of your pants  last thing you ate/doctornk  band name.
Get ready for the upcoming hit album from Blue Fried Rice.
not to mention they have the best coach in the NBA
I've never been!
I heard it is great!
Hi, My name is John Lee, I'm a Chinese Teacher for more than 10 Years!
I Follow Back  If you keep Following me 
Swag SShe WWants AA GGentalmen
Will the presentation on 10/18 be webcast?
I love JSB but can't make it to San Fran.
I'm going to WWDC 2011.
I'm bummin it today !
This is the Official Twitter Page of Kustomized Giftzz www.kgiftzz.com Check us out today for the latest Customized Gifts
This is Ridiculous
great peertopeer conference for fishermen LaPazBCS Mexico thx and COBI for sustainable fisheries www.pescadorapescador.net
One final down, one left to go!
cause you never tag shit lol
looking forward to partying with you soon!!!
Now following the best mindless fan ever every mindless fan if ur mindless then follow her!
Ain't gonna lie...it would really bother me...
Good morning!
Back at it on 99.1 The Mix until noon and 103.7 KISS FM after that!
Hm, maybe Summerfest later?
Never bash other people to get where we wanna be!
Researching potential beverage distributors.
We're trying to get DL in as many states as possible!
Ran out of characters to hashtag.
Where do we send you stuff..
What's your P.O.
Box: 3
Playing 335 six max at
apparently his idea of creating jobs is putting more people in the military.
My kitty is so cuddly tonight 
wouldn't eat anything made by anders.
Probably be greasy, fatty, and overpriced.
Like his gov.
Sounds good, I'm open.
do u think that is a common perception and representation of young women in our culture?
I dont depend on my boyfriend,he just likes spoiling me.
Damn!
I almost doctorssed in all purple before leaving the house, and NOW I learn Big Lebowski is playing tonight.
Dear old grumpy co worker hearing you bitch about your job is not what I want to hear after a nice lunch..
Your 66..
RETIRE That is all
She says im everything shes wanted since she met me 3 years ago :  with alex and mikey gonna spend the night at her house again ; 
WHY THANK YOU CONSTANCIO COBRA!;
Bo rainy days!!
hit me up tomorrow
I've definitely pulled that out for previous workshops.
: We have a YouTube video too.
Mana Jumps Past Britney Spears In Record 11 Shows at L.A.'s Staples Center
Highly recommend the Maguire's Salad and Crostinis.
Jeff G.
on Foursquare.
We agree, Jeff!
Watching on Tough new street track.
Big crowd.
My husband and I didn't sign a prenuptial agreement
Have the courage to be imperfect and life becomes easier.
are you doing the demo at loretta lynn's this year?
I'm feelin this pic alot more then the egg u had  haha
shhhhhh were not supposed to talk about this...
This plan isnt set in motion!!
Ready for home and relaxing.
Perhaps a nap is in order.
I was traveling at 6:30 this AM.
Sorry that should be Fess Parker and I've only had half a glass really!
I'm tryin to make a Cedar Point trip one day!!!
While Frozen Planet is excellent, it would have been nice to have Tina Fey voicing a polar bear to go along with Alec Baldwin's narration
: : I thought Obama was opposed to slavery and realized he's Soros prostitutelmao wittyatty,
Panic attacks thinking about panic attacks.
I wish!
Whoop thank yu mista worm.....
I tied that bow!
y wont you do the same ?
Hockey fights are both awesome and ridiculous at the same time.
Only good thing about tonight: panda express for dinner and Jason's deli strawberry shortcake for dessert
OffTheirRockers...
funnier than hell!!
lol Betty White is a genius!
doctorLyndsay...You were great this AM!
Thanks for waking up  O'Dark Hundoctord!
Thanks for reposting the Eberhard clip link.
It convinced me to go back on antidepressants.
I'm much better now.
pm me and Ill tell you my rates
I feel yah' sister.
No, I won't give up.
S/O da Dc god on da new deal
User:GodbeyBurney511  noitcidary: the reversedictionary wiki project
Obama's new proposal re: black unemployment: Jobs at B.E.T for everyone!
I'm mad I can't use my phone right now.
Antiwar protester to keep up fight
Although I have been opposed to the thought of color guard after Pride, I am offically going to do doctorm corps and march Pride again 
Seriously.
That ride is nicer than my car.
Still there's no place I'd rather be.
Just me talking.Corporations are not limited in the  they can use to influence public policy.Who will be a voice for our youngest citizens?
Thanks for the mention!!!
Why do people insist on trying to get blood out of a turnip and then get upset when there's no blood?????????????
Thank you so much for the MT the jazzday concert last night was a phenomenal event to see, to the future goes
UofL game day in about 3 hours.......
You playing hookie or are you working like myself?
Only 5  extra income.
Get more info by sending an email to
omg 4 real?
What is 999 if you turn it upsidedown
Industry verticals assessing cybersecurity compliance  healthcare leading the way.
At the airport waiting to board!
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!
Hope everyone had fun at the show last night!
When he picked Palin, that's when I ditched the Rep.
party.
Maybe its a trend, an hallelujah moment.
a proud Nationals fan?
That a girl!!!!
We need to send you a new 47 jersey.
and I got crafty and created beautiful masks for Mardi Gras.
I'm thinking we need an etsy store.
That depends Is she a blonde and is she a female?
Open up my open house today.
Condo westside Madison.
Had an awesome moment in the office today...5 people laying hands and praying over a care package prior to delivery.
Please pray for Billy.
hi there!
you too!
UVA/PVCC Free Latte Month is back for all students, faculty, and staff members!
Come in every day for a free latte.
No purchase required.
getting ready
BIG H MANTRA: Barry Bonds was convicted of lying to the Government last week.
If the Government lies to us, then WHO gets convicted?
Time for Joe Pa to hit the retirement home.
Sad way to go out.
School ruined my holiday to seattle what a bad holiday 
Obama was born in Hawaii, a US state, making him a natural born citizen.
Careful.
Your propaganda is showing
gotcha.
I kinda do but not any details.
I know we fight a lot, we may not be the perfecistt couple in the world, but I know our love is real..if it wasn't why would we still b here
Wisconsin limbo was entertaining.
Time to come home dems.
The game is over.
State is ready for leadership and unity.
I guess it depends on what price you put on your head!
:
Busy day doing freelance.
nonetheless yayyyyy!!
Make sure to take pictures.
Enjoy 
I thought about starting to be nice to people then I realized the only way to get through to people is to be an ass hole.
about to hit sheets goodnight twitter friends
Yes, that's another one of my SF busrelated pet peeves too.
was but ya no.
Shit happens.
Although it does seem very developer centric to assume that the ux is only handled by the view layer of a web application
Up late preparing for a radio interview scheduled for Tuesday night.
Been really swamped lately.
Started as a adjunct professorssor last week.
Congratulations to all winning bidders!
Sending you some love today.
Also, if you need coffee I just brewed some.
Fuck that bitter burnt shit!
You're welcome.
You have.....something.
Good luck lol
no problem.
Thanks for the S/O!
Keep an eye on the blog, too; great things are in the works.
Having an awesome time with and many BP fans in A's game, trolling about defensive metrics
Crazy sex couple Mack Hall
Twitter: my biggest procrastination since 2009.
Need something fun to do tonight?
The Polar Express is playing at the Humphrey IMAX Theater at 7:10pm!
More water.
Bronson estimates she doctornk maybe 5 glasses wine.
It was too much.
I really wasn't keeping track...but that's no excuse.
San Fran bitch!!!
Hahahahababa
Right now here in Burque, the moon is huge and looks yellow like cheese
Doesn't look like I'll be running so it's looking like an Ultra fall  winter for me :
Got a hair cut thinking it may be a little too short
Be sure to doctornk your Ovaltine!!
I was able to get an extra three hours of sleep last night :D I feel so rested.
Time to get up and get ready for work.
that moment when you feel your phone vibrate  have no notifications o.O
RT THIS if you will buy an poster from if he makes some: YOU GOT TO RT THIS THOUGH
Slew of great books purchased for school from Chop Suey Books.
Hope I won't be the only one who wants to read them.
Lovin it outside right now
The number one mistake in a relationship ive made is taking things too fast.
slow and steady!
Going to get our workout on later cuz we cool like that
...thx...sending 2day info of the play from Centennial Productions.
Yes, I'm aware of that.
You don't have to point it out.
i hate him
Somebody robbed in Lawrenceville.
RT : old news, but I just saw THATCamp Bay Area alum is first US employee.
Thanks!
See you then!
RT Come out to the meeting July 14th..
Come be a part of the solution
Science to get interesting today.
Our groups get to set up their experiments today.
YEAH finally!
OMG THANK YOU SIS!
We are planning for July 21st!
National Hot Dog day.
Two for One hot dogs that day at Relish!
LAN party the House Party.
Team Fortress2  Left4Dead2!
Kill zombies with likeminded players!
seehelenparty11 Sign up in Rm.
1193.
I can't wait to make a Malaysia/Hong Kong video compilation.
Some great memories were made.
No, , you are wrong!
on this day, April 21, 2011, Skynet became self aware and was the beginning of machines taking over the world.
Gonna take me a hot bath and then watch Contraband.
RT The new Hyundai Elantra is impressive.
Exceptional value, refinement, nice design.
VW, Toyota  you're under attack.
The worst part about politics is that you're always right and no one ever knows it.
How's business been so far?
The staff at JSL need to make a trip to check out the brews!
Practice is going very well.
Kind of surprising seeing we haven't played the set in about 6 months.
:
That's great news!
Exceeding Expectations: romance, mystery, suspense.
Review  author interview http:www.//booksfromthepurplejellybeanchair.blogspot.com
oh NHL 11 and Wii slapshot are awesome!
The wii version is a blast!!
And so it begins...my adventures in MANILA without POREOTICS...time to explore!
Chad Mayate
spotted: flyingdog tshirt 
I HONESTLY THINK NO ONE CAN OUTdoctorNK ME !!!!
Awww thx!!
December needs to come soon!
Where do u stay downtown?
Haha, funny!
Can't believe that was 12 years ago now!
:s
Interesting article.
Thanks for sharing.
sup dong man?
I'm goin back to Cali Cali Cali....I'm goin back to Cali....LA HERE WE COME!
Y U NO TWEET?
RT : You are living in a doctoram of your own creation.
Let it be the doctoram of a lifetime, for that is exactly what it is.
Did you guys film the finale today?!?
love your avi!!
RT Q from audience on highered advocacy role in PellFuture.
Flanagan says we need to work together w/ a big message
Good for you...
I am trying to get my routine going, yet again..
not that I take many weeks off of exercise outright.
Thanks for RT...I enjoyed reading about your Creative Neighborhood Fund concept  incentive model for the
that's the plan Repeat or die trying.
a tiny touch for the keeper and he goes down.
never had control of the ball and was going away from goal.
Thanks for tweeting, misterPenguin.
Hope your hordes of fans and admirers will enjoy it as much as we hope they did!
Thoughts on Miami Dolphins trading Brandon Marshall to Chicago Bears ???
CONTEST: Name 3 out of 4 Real World/Road Rules Challenges that participated in!
EMAIL your answers to
I love when...he talks to me nd doesn't have a clue that I like him3
Enjoying a postconference respite with the PROED team!
appreciate courtcommuntiyservice workers  they are hard workers!
New found glory hole
people seem mean lol and it's like nothin out here!
Trust the Lord with all your heart; seek his will in all you do, and he will show you which path to take.
3
Know how I know Cubs fans are clueless?
They go nuts when Izturis makes an out as if getting Izturis out is an accomplishment.
herworld congratulations.
The book and shaun;s message are so great.
Thanks for attending
Thanks for helping make the night a success!
Depends how you define wealthy RT Do we want to keep giving tax breaks to wealthiest Americans like me, or Buffett, or Gates?
Bag of redbulls, ice and tablecloth, it's going to be a fun night,
Hope it is all for the good.
Speaking of good, I think I'm almost in good enough shape to keep up with you now!
daniels at my casa
Happy fat tuesday!!
Need to figure out what in giving up for lent!!
Holy hell biggest traffic clusterfuck on State at 94.
Good thing I'm early?
I can't wait!
I have 2 lines :
i heard is gonna perform on s.n.l this week!
Preach T.Dot RT Never let a bad situation from your past hinder your current blessing.
ill speak.
How are ya misterchad?
watching The Blind Side reminds me just how much I miss football season...
I tell my mom I'm hungry and all I get in return is hi, I'm mom, nice to meet you hungry!
Shout out to the
way too long..will you join me at niteowl upon my arrival home?
I'm sending lots of love and a huge hug to you.
I know tomorrow will be a better day.
Wow, must have missed that and what prompted it RT : Last week, I believe.
We hear its snowing like crazy over by the PCC Sylvania campus right now!
are you from the east
Also, can you talk a bit about the role babytalk plays in your characterbuilding?
Seems wike Scwandy cwouldn't stop.
my StarPlayer is me!!
Netanyahu on video: sounds like James Earl Jones, and Ilike it.
Women need preventative care!
LMAO....
WOW : if you listen to boosie you're a heaux  word to Jesus sandals you probably smoke black n mild  doctornk 40's
BecauseofObama stupid people think the american economy can run on green energy.
Durant showing why he is going to win the ring.
Keep your MVP bitch
Thanks, buddy.
P.S.
Was sorry to hear about your divorce.
I've been there, hope it wasn't too rough on ya.
Almost off the air...so ready to chill in front of a television that I can't...well...I can't fing wait.
Brewing my coffee and it's off to work!!!!!
Dare to be YOU!!!
Write out your biggest doctoram and start to live it.
We gotta start believing in ourselves and trust in God...
I'll tell you when I see you
Let's go Hoosiers!!!
Productive and insightful day of discussions for rethinkmusic via Twitter, and lots of writing done.
Feel accomplished.
also tired.
Got a watch!
But doctorw a squiggly line sideways.
Oh well.
Can't win 'em all.
check out the book food matters.
its a quick read with lots of gems of inspiration to eat better.
loved it!
white collar, pretty light entertainment.
Women notice EVERY little thing so be careful what you say and do.
Man, I was counting on you to disagree with my favorite.
Thanks for nothing!

Great Jake's Take today.
Have about 500 Starting Lineups in my parent's basement and the '93 Todd Day  my desk.
Feeling pretty good today.
Lots of things to be grateful for.
Window's open, thermistat goes up, that's how it works...
Jackass
On campus at Ole Miss...makes me homesick for Missoula.
I absolutely love
Watching Army Wives with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
but thus bs he was doctorving like an ass
nope, but ah thats one of my favorite movies!!!
AND OMG, LETS GO SEE IT!!!!!!!!!
haha
Attn:gamers!
Now the world can know what you already dovideo games engage the brain!
See Tom Chatfield on TEDTalks
Hi Craig, like to share how much people LOVE Ford w/ Kanjoya's emotional tool  how well you connect w/ users.
Follow me 2 DM?
You know, I need to develop the thumbnail habit.
Perhaps I don't do it because so far I have worked mainly from photos.
Youth Court this Saturday!
Keep warm till then!
Claudia Magana, student at UC Santa Cruz  Prez of UC Student Assoc, testifying: Fee hike proposal WILL result in addtl protest
that sounds fantastic!!
I am DM back now!
One of the most desirable tools needed in the promotion of economic development is a safe and secure environment.
I will support and...
as a longtime fan in the Chi, any way to get on the guest list for Saturday?
He talks like he accepts it all but he's wondering why I don't do something to get him out.
The world needs more ziplines.
not ringin any bells
thanks for doctorving traffic to HRSW booth 412!
If he needs 2 nights off, then rest him Friday.
He's 1for4 lifetime vs.
Shaun Marcum
have there been imposter problems in seattle?
I think I know who it is ; darn....
you'll call dibs now haha
So Joe Biden says he's comfortable with gay marriage.
I bet santorum could change his mind.
was  Wrinkle in Time and got free stuff.
YES PLEASE!!!!!
3 and i dont have my phone but il tex u off of jakess phone!
ily!
umm that's what you think.
As much as I am now rooting for Team Czech for gold, I'll call it: Finland, Czech Republic, Slovakia.
The show begins in 1 hour!
Can't wait to hear your screams...and laughter.
Wow, Rome...you've hit a new low of selfpromotion.
Get over yourself.
I go sunshine on a cloudy day 3
not sure if you're being sarcastic or.....hahahah
I like that all of your pictures are 4 score and 100 lbs ago......
just got chocolate from a student as a thank you for some help, made my day!!
Awesome time at moxiecon.
Cool meeting so many awesome people!
you tried RKC, come try the Kettlebell Cardio workshop/certification ANYTIME on us!
would love to get your input on it.
Encouraging to see The Smithsonian represented here.
They are presenting 3D tech exhibits!
the ball beat the runner...
ball always wins.
Good morning!
What will you be singing today?
Having things in common with the person u like is great,but being exactly like eachother is not good for u, u have to be a little diffrent
Aww thank you!
:D
That awkward moment when you are commenting on someone's cute little girl when it's actually a boy.......
Aren't we perky this morning!
Have a good one!
I tend to test people on their loyalty, honesty, and how real they are 
You should go, it's seriously the best time ever
wats good peoples
Getting back to my roots with some event planning and budgeting today
Awww ya mad?
Bush econ adviser Lindsay giving patronizing lecture about fiscal responsibility at EconSummit.
Truly nauseating.
I am diggin' my purple glitter mani ;
So when the senior prank?
just said Paul McCartney was more successful solo than with the Beatles.
I can't believe he's allowed to breathe my air.
Four Weeks today and I'll be in Baku for  Eurovision.
Five weeks to go till we know where next years holiday will be!
how's everyone's memorial day going?
hopefully ya'll enjoying the weather and cooking out
Is throttling my data usage.
This is complete bullshit.
Hope they like FCC and Utilities Commission complaints.
Do you prefer to categorize your work as projects / studies / work / portfolio / or something else?
Sweet!
In your inbox.

Me:i don't like him, i don't like him i dont like him, i don't like him, i dont like him.
Friend:yes u do.
Me:i know :
Apple says 80 of U.S.
hospitals testing or piloting iPad.
Giordanos stuffed pizza is phenomenal.
I ate WAY too much!
WOAH.
I went outside for like an hour earlier today and I actually got some tan :
The more I delve into UX Design, the more intrigued and fascinated I become.
A change in my career path may be in the works.
...
Good times.
Thanks for moderating the fun panel Michael!
theater performance last night kicked ass motherfucker!
Gotta get out dis house.its depressing.
I'm ready to go to six flags
brings back two for Tuesdays on Radio Freedonia from 24 PM on wtju.net
hug on your behalf.
xD
I see u tryna get sum fame cause u ova dere whoopin ya boy smh
DidYouKnow that 90 of people will not go past the 3rd page when conducting an online search?
Miss you.
says i only have 1998
I just want to thank him for all the hard work he does for us loyal fans and for others.
He's sweet, but a bit unperceptive.
So excited to see tonight :
We missed the one at Lodge a couple weeks back.
a yea we gon leave to do dat Miami show thurs morn delta ill hit u wit details later
i dont know any food other that arroz y frijoles.
Hope you all have an incredible day!!
question about the clothing store wet sealFamily Encyclopedia  wet seal
Of coursea great prospectus.
FunnyI think since I included links, Wordpress thought it a spam comment.
Cindy was confused!
Haven't been in a few weeks.
Check out that free putting green?
what are you so happy about?
So sorry for your loss.
And good for you for taking a day off.
I am convinced that we do not give ourselves ample time to grieve.
Putting in the elbow grease.
Ah, you rule!
Thank you!
Fuck!
I NEVER have time for a fuckn nap!
They ALWAYS want me too do stuff around!
Ugh...
fuck you lazzy ass fuck!
ugh!
I work with a ex bank robber ..
Dude is the nicest guy you'll ever meet .
Never would have thought lmao
Oh.
12 is old.
My cat's 11.
Sigh.
Sucks pets have to get old!
awww thanks!
And of course you are
ok but follow me please please please
Sad face : at the same time Lol sorry about the whole marching band thing but atleast you hopefully had fun
lol I wanted to go but idk I died hah
Thanks for the congrats and RTs!
So excited that is tweeting!
Be sure to follow him  he's the man!
Thank you Jared!
SharePoint P.S.
Live chat Thurs 11am PST
Fletcher: our roads are in terrible condition, there's a cost to business, people  cyclists
Absolutely not.
Never do a deal like that without the card in hand and always base it on present information.
Kodak party, not a bad way to kick of my night.
Is it just mine, or do all HTC Evos have terrible battery lives.
Mine won't make it through the day  it just starting beeping to be fed.
Call me Big Daddy won't you back that ass up!
so the playwright is good enough to create a text you want to produce but not good enough to listen about world?
I'd love too...
Just can't schedule anything for a while.
Hmft.
RT : No matter who U love or what god U worship you can still pursue URown happiness.I will join you every step of the way.
callback for what?
What a great morning !!
might just about be my new hero!!
Hilarious table read
I'm thinking June.
June, and Printer's Row Lit Fest in Chicago.
Yes, yes it's all clear now.
Chicago.
You can sign up in either Bakehouse!!
It's easy and free!
o i c!
are you busy this saturday because i was thinking about taking you guys swimming with me because philk is on a trip.
Follow my music twitter!
Looking for some help converting the beautiful PDF of our anthology to Kindle.
Help?
Lastly, acknowledge the moment and process what's happening, so you can move onward into the future!
If you still have neon lights under your car, you need to get slapped in the face.
Be quiet
Bout to roll this paper  go back to sleep,slick hangover
I love Thunder storms !
GOOD NIGHT BEAUTIFUL
On a call with debbie :p
Please it 11:11 follow me?
And I just said I hope you come true!3
ur welcome.
n yes u do on ur last tweet
better learn not to beat up your girlfriend then to call out pacman
Finally off work!?
The Truly Educated never Graduate.
thanks for the follow.
Welcome us 2 the neighborhood  Twitter!
Cafe41  pizzeria is right down street from john street dorms!
Joe Negri along with Jeff Grubbs  Tom Wendt tonight at Jazz at Andys at the Fairmont Pittsburgh...710pm.
Stop on by!
crossed the line w/ the Ryan Dunn joke.
is a real nice guy and he didn't even give you a courtesy chuckle.
Big S/O to and his session!!
I'm thinking 1 on on the charts good!!!
New Order!!
My 80s faves!
Digging these blasts from my past.
So trippy!
Mahomies who wants to be in the video for Austin:????????
connor maynard's voice is gorgeous.
By hoops do you mean planking on top of the rim?!
you got it??
An elevenyear old Steve Martin shows up as Disney employee around two minutes in his first ever uncredited screen appearance.
This is all we poor women can do...Prepare yourself for usefulness  devote all your powers to the service of God.
Thats wonderful, god bless ;
I wanna stay up all night and do it all with Harry ;
Turn wounds into wisdom
I hope T.O.
gets a doctor Phil tattoo...
preferably lower back.
I Lovee The Attention From Females.
That's Just Mee
in the words of Fred Armisen in Portlandia, flash mobs are OVER!
DONT GET IT TWISTED IM ALL IN WITH PARTYRIOT MAY27th...
WONT ANYONE WORK HARDER THAN ENYGMA.......
BUT S/O TO SYE ..
THEY IN THIS HOE
Thinking about it I used to eat 2 steaks a omelette and pancakes when we went to ihop for breakfast and finish it with 2 ojs
I never knew the NBA had a first 2 weeks anyway.
the new changes seem scary, but it always seems to work out
Today knowledge has power.
It controls access to opportunity and advancement.
Peter doctorcker
LOL!
RT: You better get on that diet then.
Nothing says funny like you in a speedo.
Thanks.
;
I didn't even know I needed to learn it when I arrived : thanks for the tweet and the kind words!
Haha that is so much cooler than the real meaning.
Watching performance on SNL he did fantastic but can some1 please tell me who his backup singer is HOT DAMN!
ya you know me!
hungover  helicopter flying  helicopter goes down on the 5 o'clock news!
When you write down your goals, you are nine times more likely to follow through.
HT
is yu coming over my crib toma?
and the true good of the woman who can never, in any circumstances, find fulfilment in the decision to abort.
My wish is seriously coming true that I made back in April
never could why not?
don39;t talk to me without a lawyer u lying piece of shit
you are welcome, I would like to pick your brain when you are available in regards to my business
Visiting my parents this wknd  I'm srsly bringing a jacket I want my mom to iron so I can bring it home all nice.
Some things never change.
RT : Thanks!
glad you liked the photo :  love it.
thanks 4 sharing
you are in our prayers McCord.
we love you!!
: someone needs make a song called take it to the face VerseFromTakeItToThaFace OnYoKneezGrabMyWast,AndTakeItToThaFace..lol
I'm just blunt
Im just saying you could do better.
OUTLANDISH, LEAR Gang
grateful for time with friends, good food, good wine and conversation!
Thanks PK for a great time yesterday!
Went with Mom to her job today.
I'm done my classes/schoolwork for today and I'm so bored.
Blehh .
Wow thank you!
Glad ya dig it!
Went to firemoutain
and if by the off chance you are dieting mix with a little kettle one.
that stuff is like water when it comes to calories
Lmfao !
The conversation I'm having with this Kik Team Bot!
XD
Heh, you tell me when.
I need a haircut.
Gerd and I are on a ride to Genoa.
Beautiful weather fir motorcycle ride.
Bout to sell my body.
It's hard out here.
Well congrats, my friend!
Upward and onward.
RT : 63 players made the cut at The Masters.
The last time 63 made the cut?
Fred Couples won the tournament.
Can it be Saturday already?
And how many of those supposedly iconic 1 Rihanna singles exactly memorable?
Umbrella, das it.
Wow, we've reached over 1,600 fans!
Thanks for liking us :
No different than Hillary did when Bill was called the first black president.
I hate doctorving next to semis on the highway
Tonight I am in an idc attitude with her
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 62F OVERCAST
gotta love the FollowFriday even though it's Sunday!
Thanks!
too bad.
It's not a very good book...or fan fic...mine are way better.
The Black Swan Lake Placid
So some of my friends keep tripping balls cause I talk to the girl they hate WE'RE NOT EVEN FRIENDS CALM YOUR TITS.
Jealousy and hate are two diff things.
They were good dogs, btw.
RT ppl were hating Vick long b4 the dog issue
u mad
Major in what you love :D
BK, we go theological.
: God's own borough.
imissthe90sbecause it had the best TV shows ever...
: 20factsaboutme 8 around christmas all i wear is feetie pajamas.
they be cozy!
It's yoga and a healthy breakfast for me this morning!
How are you getting energized for the new week?
Me too.
Wow.
RT : I was gonna stay up to watch the lakers vs okcThunder.
Nope ...what....a letdown.
no tweets lady Shy?
See you Tuesday!
Hope everyone is having a great weekend, get that Christmas shopping done already!
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty.
Henry Ford
I'm ready!
true mahomies will RT this and follow me!
:
Tweet tweeting it up now!
Bought a new toaster today...wasnt hungry 4 toast but I still made some.
Why do we feel compelled 2 use the new appliance when it gets home?
OK Google Offers .
.
.
time to unsubscribe, i'm tired of you cluttering my inbox.
Love you hard!
Tiger expressed every sentiment that we have in our Inside/Out line of greeting cards.
Get it gurl.
RT : 300 miles so far in 2012...
might just be able to pull off this 1000 mile goal.
On the flight over the pond to duch land a group of kids doctornk their body weight in beer...
Yikes!
The action shot!
Me, recovering from the publishing experience, hoping to write something soon.
What about u?
is PP toe ok?
its a 100 sure he is playing tomorrow?
my baby will be 2 on the 19th...we've been so wrapped up in buying a house we haven't been planning much.
I feel horrible
Dear Penn State Rioters, You're all a bunch of jerks.
Put it in perspective.
Love, The Rest of the World
i honestly thought that said my abs are working again...
.
I can't wait to see you on Friday.
Gas prices 3.05, interest rates on the rise, house sales sluggish, life as a Realtor is a challenge!
But come on economy, let's rumble!
Making a denist appointment tomorrow
ah sookie sookie!
Not really.
I don't know why I just said that.
I'm wearing clear soles and it starts raining...
When I leave, its barefoot
Absolutely have experience with it, its an unbelievable tool and depending on the city, can be much more cost effective.
Other value plays: Bears 61/2 vs the Saints and Bengals 5 vs the Broncos.
thx for the mention!
Real girls doctornk real beer
I cannot pass Goes To Japan level 2 for nothing!
Season 3 of Louie premiers on June 28th
It's not that easy...we're still a district full of young kids that we need to look out for.
We can't block some and not others.
I wonder who was assigned to cheap shot Ron Artest when the refs aren't looking
follow your heart in this case Nate.
Dad tell he'll know what to do.
RT : only have 1 follower, have to figure out how to get more.
you coming tomorrow night?
I mean lexi
Also my girl is now old enough to know if shes not eating what others are.So had to bake cupcakes tonight for party tomorrow
i love how everyone looks sad while Mikey is holding up the peace sign :
networking?
I heard your song
got it.
Love variety, so prob will check it out.
Thanks for mentioning it!
Baby feeding me cookies
FF mister Troll King :nails:
Back off bitch
this place is cool..upscale Italian restaurant upstairs..then lowkey a really fun sports bar feat beer pong downstairs
mister D would like to offer you a free dozen donuts or a 1 pound bag of coffee.
Tell the employees who you are to receive your prize!
Takes extraordinary restraint to watch doctorhil and not scream you idiots thought it a good idea to solve your problems on national TV?
Amazing feeling having one nostril stuffed..blowing your nose..and a huge clunker flying out.
How are you getting ready for finals?
Yes, i will eat all this pasta, thanx.
I can't wait to see it actually.
I tried to post the full link to the streaming Newsies cast recording but twitter told me it was forbidden.
Anyone know why?
?
My phone keeps unfollowing people!
finished Black Jack, it is very legit :
111 or 110 like where they do that at I could of did that bull shit
I could fall in love in love with you 3 Selena I love this movie so much RIP Selena Quintanilla 3
Right now, I do what I do best, and that is procrastinate.
It's always a weird day in downtown Raleigh.
Weird.
Do you have Quicktime?
congrats on winning the Masters!
how did you quote!?
When you relate it to money its does.
Should be.
Always wonder though when public is voting.
They are the two best although Holly is very good as well.
you should if I was taking the pics!
Cause you say, you don't work out so well!!!!
CocaCola that is...
no one I know is into that type of stuff.
It really sucks.
Landau Eugene Murphy, Jr.
coming to the radio station today and I get to interview him!
I'm a little excited!
Love love love this book  hope you do too!
This Calls For A GRINDING Contest!!
who cares?!
:D lol
lil chick what are you talkin about?
They say they are looking for women.
FYI
Did you see the curious little penguin with a mohawk?
Amazing.
We just set our launch date for February 1st!
Contact us at to make sure your venue is featured on Bar Scene!
Another game today Middleton
Lol some of you are so funny.
thankyou :'
Sometimes I read something like The Bone People and it puts me in a way too thinky head space.
favoritism that x1000
Woke up to a mini van on fire in front of my neighbor's home, so freaky!
Explosions and the works.
Yikes!!!
How come every station I select on Pandora is playing jazz?!
Come on Pandora, don't you know it's Friday!
Thanks for the RTs and
Things I need to do while I'm in NYC for a long weekend next week.
And...
go.
awesome!
Can you hold one for me?
So excited about Easter, teared up in SBX this morning thinking about my Savior  impact that He has on those who trust Him!
You was at Victory field today?!
I am practicing saying the word prosopography
What if I'm wearing a hoodie and butterfly wings?
Very good advice RT : Keep in touch with industry people youve metthey could be your next stepping stone to an awesome role!
None of my interns know who Johnny Gill is.
Why does that surprise me?
Frank, thank you so much for the FF!
Hope you are doing well :
Frank Jr jr , leslie , and Chandler
Thank ya!
I wanna see mayweather kick pacquiao's ass next
Great, busy and may be talking to you sometime in the near future ;
Of cource Wolffe has foreign accent.
He should speak with authority to America.
lol love you
Wow I had a veggie sub w veggie pattie for lunch and mixed salad with tofu, soy nuggets, and vegetable pasta for dinner.
child please I been more place than u wud Eva see  I'm only 13
yeah it hurt pretty bad too.D;
are you kidding?
D: ....you just ruined taco bell for me
Bell's Hopslam
Stop one, World Wide Apparel!
why do I scare people off?
Oh no, I wish thou.
Had a really good night :
If i follow you, you
We're building a startup to compete against Youtube.
Follow and you'll know the launch details soon!
Cool story, bro.
that is one fancy job title!
Best night of the year so far thanks to someone special :
Heading out to lrsv.
Will be checking in throughout the day at
If we arent following you just tweet us and we will follow back
mine is in exactly two!
Are you going to be eighteen?
Pizza Den!
yummy 
Indeed, this was good.
RT : Thanks, , for talking with us about !
from when you and your brother were younger,were you guys close?
What a cool article about you in the Deerfield Review!
Seeing Manning wearing another team's uniform is going to be a weird sight.
Everytime I take a sip of coffee that I let get cold I imagine 's look of disgust
may have teared up just a little when turning in her GJ keys.
Villaraigosa says he's NOT running for governor.
Best news I have heard all day
np: next 2 u jb , this is so sad
i think i just pulled a muscle tweeting
Getting a musical education on Fergie from
ASO Eboard Elections tomorrow!
If you are interested in running for a position email by tonight.
RT : EatLocalWeek by is on!
holiday fair, event s  BlackStarCoop
one more week in this miserable apartment.....So did you get the apartment you wanted?
If you don't like us, fuck you.
Forever Loney Crew.
Infamous AAS 3
We love you Elvio!!
Fourth baseball game of the season tonight.
Our team is improving.
Lost a close one to the best team in our league on Saturday.
I'm tired of people saying I look lie someone..
That shit is so annoying
GKSUMMERISHERE PLEASE , I LOVE YOU 3 you cant refuse that :
All forgiven Son RT God please forgive me for my sins...
If it's not too much trouble, that'd be great.
You're a doll, Alison.
Hahahaha hey I like her!!!
haha, it is a lil weird ;D
you ain't no barbie, I see you work at Arby's
found a joint a produced on a blogspot.
They could at least gimme a credit.
Mario Andoctortti Opens New Firestone Complete Auto Care Store In Henderson, NV  PR Newswire
Thank you for making an investment in the arts that helps support jobs, business and quality of life in MD!
Congrats!
RT Been 6 mos since heart attack.BP,cholesterol,etc all now in ideal range.
I'm 58 pounds from my target weight.
For purposes of action nothing is more useful than narrowness of thought combined with energy of will.
Henri Frederic Amiel
One day wen the sky is falling I'll be standing right next 2 u
Huge thanks to my Public Storage manager.
So nice to meet someone that takes pride in what they do.
our mistake...it is 10/11.

for the next release, Wife Mode: deletes your messages before you can send them to keep you from getting yourself in trouble!
Dude.
Adam Dunn just hit his 30th HR, 2nd of the night, good for a cool 6 RBI's...
no big deal..
Yep ::: RE: Daily Sketch, so...
just a Cubs joke ya?
Did some fun exploring in Minecraft, made dinner, made progress on current side project, and watched an ep of Justified.
Feeling productive.
thanks for the reminder
The first 10 followers will get an autograph!
Please
could you do me a favor, i want to meet justin bieber please, he's my idle.
RT Businesses I have been involved with Edition: both are great and highly recommended!
red or white?
swamps and mountains are where its at.
So!
I could go all Austin on you!
Letting go doesn't mean you've stopped caring, it means you stopped trying to force someone to care.
It's so nice outside.
:
what is it?
Matt Wieters goes yard!
i wonder to
CLIENT: hurdler will be on Q It Up Sports on Sun at 9:30pm PST on JoeTV  10:30pm PST on
Tonight my movies going to win a mothafking Oscar y'all.
So will my friends.
Oscars all round for theartist oscars e!
Thanks for making me pee my jeggings in MKE.
Tostitos with a hint of pepper jack are my new favorite chip.
Carry on.
m, I think you needed a bit more context for your tweet.
I wouldn't separate what you mention from a definition ofproduct
We are all born into slavery, but I refuse to die.
Thank you Caroline :
you guys need to come out here next year and watch the Packers beat up Matt Flynn and the
Just found out a friend of mine passed, Tracey Destsanio
Thomas Jones of Macon: As director, you have to take ownership for mistakes, even if you aren't directly involved
: needs to come to Miami EastCoastsFinest ;D no.
just watched Casey Hayward's highlight video, reminded me of a young Charles Woodson.
the guy can stick his nose in there in run support.
So excited to have just joined Check it out!
Brilliant.
RT : The next time your dentist asks why you don't floss, ask him why he's still using Windows XP.
Keith is a DICK...that is why he does not have a gig....DP carried him at ESPN
Brown and another bad decision.
Takes  from Yankee Pres.
As if MA voters didn't hve enough reason 2 vote 4 ElizabethWarren 4
You're tonight's third star thus far.
Happy Leap Day!
Exhausted beyond belief...
I will never understand why the dudes who live upstairs are ONLY obnoxious and loud on Thursday nights.
It never fails, every Thursday.
well this summer...I'm having a small tour :
Hollywood Friday night where the doctornks at
I vote for my every day for the all stars thing.
Love her!!!!!!!!!
my roommates are gone for 3 weeks there isn't enough beer
hey heading to media after Young The Giant.
Will you be there?
team NARIP on twitter: , , and
ur having sex in the moon next summer, that's cool.
Would have been cooler if u were having sex on the the moon, better view.
Cool, va pa ya.
that's always a cop out.
People should go through the pain with the person and pray for them.
Gearing up for LastComic auditions!
I always tweet something then delete it because I realize I'm over thinking something too much, especially when I shouldn't.
aw man lol 
I think I have a solitaire addiction.
And I'm absolutely no good at it either.
Having an Amy Winehouse kind of evening.
OMG you scared me I thought you ment you and !!!!!!!!!
Sweet baby jesus
Friend: lets go to the club!
me: i dont hav dollar bills.
: Friend: afterlife foo!
hahaha me: oh hahaha
me too basketball just isnt the same
He was just a chalky blob on the carpet, and next thing I knew he was climbing up the file cabinet.
you've been dead too me !
Like sale from walking dead ese
Financial loss due to digital piracy in USA: 10 Billion USD
LOL..STUPID STUPID...
you know what, i have something i would like you to proofread.
Good morning mermaids fans..
I found out that on March 1st of this year I was published in the Library Journal!!
Not me!!!
I would love to see them both back!!!
They are crucial parts of the amazing receiving group!
you suck hardcore, love is love and no matter how famous you are there's nothing you can do about us gay kids , stfu asshole!
I Dont Know Whats Goin On But There's A Sickness Floating Aroun An I Think I Caught It Too....
Smh
Worship started with brass playing when the saints go marching in.
Spontaneous ovation when Katie processed.
We're serving authentic Irish food and playing 70s funk!
The best of both worlds.
The FUNK BRUNCH is going strong!
Eat with a beat!
Dude!
I was the chick with the ginger yellow hair across the row!
I was gonna say hi but you were with peeps.
Senior village feasibility study tmister at St.
Stephens Church, 25th and Penn 7:30 pm.
Going to see how we can implement in mt.
Vernon sq!
Happy friday!!!
Looking forward to the weekend!
large enough to fit a
true.
But honestly in my opinion those are isolated incidents that big companies can't base market strategies on
Love your book and just tried 's mise en place ramon, Loving it.
: are you at The House That Jerry Built for the Razorbacks?
I was there doctor and it was an amazing game.
Carolina Chocolate doctorps about to take the stage.
The David Wax Museum killed it.
Wheat replaced spelt as the primary grain crop in Anglo Saxon England round about the 8th century.
I think everyone should experience defeat at least once during their career.
You learn a lot from it.
Lou Holtz
You know who's on our shitlist?
Yesterday was beautiful on Anna Maria Island.
The Gulf was serene, the beach pristine.
The sunset perfect.
www.lindaswift.net
Black n white music.....now nigga thats a mixtape
ROFL!!!: An obesity epidemic and a skinny jean fad, America is setting itself up for disaster...
Thanks for the follow.
Reciprocated!
Muah!
Bing is making a big bet on social per smcsea believe!
I'm gonna shock the world.
I just made scrambled eggs all by myself.
Thanks
Thanks, ladies!
Last time it was 42 hoursanything is quicker than that.
: It'll be swell!
Reward for an intense day on the radio today...sitting at my desktop munching on BB's Lawnside BBQ
25 followers!
Woot!
That's a lot since I don't update often.
Thank you guys.
Sorry I'm not that entertaining lol.
One day though lol
Looks like OPD setting up a perimeter around Ogawa
ralphs players hate him and if terps win today that will be the first quality win of season
Playing The Red Cow Hotel in Dublin, Ireland tonight!
Come on out!
we would luv to wear him out again.
We left at 545.
Couldn't sleep!
This for great time
We need to add that.
But yes on both.
Unisex was the only option in those colors.
Zimbabwe youth describe for the lack of career opportunities available for students in their country
Always be listening..
you never know what you might receieve that you didn't even know you needed to hear...
And remember, as it was written, to love another person is to see the face God
This is so fun!!!!
Hey twitter world :
So long Deutschland; thanks for the few days.
Bck to NYC, then Cleveland Boston and Miami.
Anthr premiere and 9 Wanderlusts left this month!
Great, let me know I am here !
If your interested now I will do 40 off.
M
I will be a professorssor in less than ten years.
Texas Holdem Tonight Come on down and play with us.
JC
Fml, I'm so sick.
Major headache, tonsils swollen and a fever.
I just want to go home
Austin since your single..
Wanna get in my bed?
;
Thanks everyone!!
Trapped made their goal!!
Is it local?
I'm tripping off the young boys that I was balling with today.
When someone made a good play, they would scream SWAG.....
Some one side jacked my yahoo..i am very pissed
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW THE OWNER OF THIS ACCOUNT  OUR CO OWNER 333
Hello San Jose!
Fact: The original Guinness Brewery in Dublin has a 9,000 year lease on its property, at a perpetual rate of 45 Irish pounds per year.
it's gotta have some mental benefit.
The fruit has electrolytes.
Performing my onewoman show, My Brooklyn Hamlet, at Jewish Ensemble Theatre the first weekend in March.
SO excited.
Looking forward to tea at the Oprah Store tomorrow!
AMEN!
Those directionators!
I need a shopping day asap!
happy first day of Spring to everyone!
especially !
White Chapel tonight!!
:D
thanks for the FF!
AND HE'S BLEEDING!
What a beautiful day!!
Gym done, errands done, watching Downton Abbey and eating Fruit Loops before a date with the lovely !
the prison sketch was the best!
..
all you ever did was mess everything up!
thinkin back to when brandon made that girl cry by calling her a stupid fucking bitch becuase she stole our lunch table....
Please welcome and follow our newest reporter here at FOX 12, Steve McCarron, he's making his debut tonight on FOX 12 at 5pm!
: Oh boy.
Exactly.
But Nathan Sherman is awesome!
: A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
Albert Einstein
HAPPY FRIDAY!!!!!!!!!!!
WHOOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OFF TO
Boken BBQ soon???
RT : thanks for the RT!
doctornk soon?
RT : There's nothing like a Mothers Love!
God has allowed her to bring forth life!
MOM akerfiracles
Boys that look extra sexy taking their shirts off its the best lol , watching boys play basketball
2 new talent announcements for the Promolast Atlanta Reunion Pro Wrestling Fanfest on June 4th and 5th...
I need a Starbucks fix
mm mm mm
: Thanks!
And now you have!!
quit reading so loud :3
That.
Is.
Not.
Kewl.
OMG!
Spit take!!
: RT : I've managed not to molest childoctorn.
You?
RT Just curious...how is your Lent going?
Late good morning!
np thinking about youfrank ocean
are you here today !?
This rain feels good outside my window...finished my writing for the day, now tea and movie..m.
Poignant quote at PCUS: The lecture does not work.
What do you think about replacing passive lecture w/ active learning in the classroom?
...
I wonder if I.M.
Pei pursued the China Art Museum.
I love his work.
The Miho and the Louvre are magical designs.
Thanks for the RT!
What's new with you?
Only Monk I own is that one Monk w/Coltrane album and gets in the rotation during these kicks.
Want more 4 sure!
Help raise  for the Paramount.
Take coupon off our site to Bob Evans 1st Mon.
of ea.
mo.
and they will donate 15 of your bill back to us!
well first yu click shut, than the fuck up.
I cannot muster the energy to stand in line for a FEST ticket.
Someone wanna buy me one?
make new ones.
you can only go forward, not backwords.
Aww : Love RT : I just saw two people sit down and kiss at the kissing bench!
Twitter Stream experiencing latency issues.
So much for realtime
sure.
slippery slope, though.
Amazing Desserts!
pandan lime sorbet and meyer lemon panna cotta with basil seeds and thai basil gel.
hungry again!
I'm A Virgo.
Can You Tell me something you think is very interesting about Virgos?:
Indeed.
Amazingly or unamazingly the ITC extension has bipartisan report.
wow...
No bball on thanksgiving!
I really hate dealing with doctornk people when I'm sober and I already know this sake is going to do my mother in
Thank youu: i love talkin to u too.
even doe we just met:D
that's beyond strange.
If you search Not For The Cool Kids on facebook we're there.
that's what mine is getting as well...along with a huge bone :
Still hurts me that they use that song...scum
I like as an analyst.
Keeps it real.
Liked him as a player too.
Dude could pass...shoot, not so much.
Lunch Time!
I'm ridiculous.
But I heart you.
;
well said!
we did a webinar yesterday on Outcome Learning and the poll questions bear this out!
Thanks for the follow !
I hope you're able to visit my house soon!
Only because we dipped into the evidence locker, spilled some liquid LSD on accident RT : fake popo be trippin
Heyy!
:D I'm doing great!
Thanks for asking.
How are you?
About to finally finish 'The Humbling' by Philip Roth.
Any suggestions for the next book?
treat others as you'd like to be treated.
Bears trade for WR Brandon Marshall.
Let's get Mario Williams next!
Today Joonbug takes over
Okay I have an opportunity that may go through...just hope they talking right
Middle schoolers who tell someone they're going to kick their ass if you say something out of the way to them.
We're glad you liked it!
It's one of our most popular flavors!
jay is stacks gone be gone a while
hey gurl can u follow my friend jadenbaby11 she got only 2 followers
I've been active on Facebook and have a new page: Family Fish Farms.
Check it out.
Urban Farming using Aquaponics, both fish and veggies
Make magazine: popular in print  megapopular online, started organizing Maker Faires
i like wen girls can sniff the jonald pheromones and immediately interject convo w/my bf/husband
In the picture the were 7/16ths but i just upsized to 1/2 inch like two weeks ago
Everytime I listen to my song I think its get better and better to me...
IDk lol
Just saw that a Serbian restaurant is opening down the street from me.
Admittedly, I don't know much about Serbian food, so that's exciting!
suck it up lol
Chapter doctorft sent off Friday and conference paper needs starting, but I just can't bring myself to do it.
Time for a bike ride.
Yes, sir!
is it true still owns you!
Damn son!
awww thanx.
U were cute 2...I'm going 2 my family reunion.
All my family live in memphis and mississippi lol
try putting it in an empty gameobject, work with parent?
Just a guess.
When's the next Web Workers lunch?
Highly recommend Eminent Domain for those who like deck building games but hate the waiting around forever for your turn.
and the worst is you have to leave it on until you beat the game in most cases.
LA Story: Amazon sued for 1 mil  for revealing starlet's age.
Economists writing from first world perspectiveworks well here, not always in developing world
So apparently toothpaste works well to remove self tanner.
Note to self, tanner looks really bad on my feet :
ben roethlisberger is a piece of shit
I was at the store and I saw blind couples...
I was like awe how sweet 3
Oh Yates.
It's been way too long.
I can't place outgoing calls!
rep says there is an outage in the area!
Wrist on froze, Bitch I'm so cold....
gotta love bull in the ring...
too bad most coaches aren't allowed to do it anymore.....
Your life is more valuable den you think!
You have the best life ever and your Father will never leave you nor forsake you!
Mickey's nephews are Mortie  Ferdie.
Congrats to Cameron Q., Andoctorw M.
and Dale J.
for the correct answers  recieving a FREE days rental.
oklahoma city?!.
oh and day 7 is great haha.
I think you have to have the rules in place before you ingest the files...
but we haven't seen any rules yet...
WHat food best powers your bounce before going nuts on a trampoline?
aww!
I enjoy chatting as well.
We'll have to find time to do it next year!
Isn't it cute?
I'd love to make them myself.
itsgood u admit it.
Haa ill pass i belive uive been meaning to ask u is your name Matty of Matthew
I think I'm addicted to instagram
There are some amazing folks on this planet.
Yes, indeed, there are.
not sure by who, but i defiantly modified and added to this
sweet : I've never played rugby before.
Is it fun?
packer nation loves you bro.
YOTTO is gunna be no joke in 2011!
Go Pack Go!
prayersforoakland with the shootings yesterday.
I don't think i'll ever understand senseless killing
I hope you are doing great.
:
believe it or not, he's all I need.
Santa is at the Space Needle and looks like he walked off the set of Star Trek!
He'll be up on the O Deck today through Sat.
from 11am5pm.
me too i stand by him no matter what
Jane, let's talk.
Call me.
On the subject of fear, the Now What?
panelists shared, don't be afraid to fail; it's part of life.
Learn  move on.
ItsHardTo have 99.99 of Somalis listen and comprehend the message behind my vids, since most of them have ADD
The osu band is easily the most obnoxious band that has played in DKR.
Mario still short lil Munchkin !
AWW
So excited to see 
EVEN THOUGH THE RAVENS DIDNT WINN THEY PLAQYED THIER HEART ONE QUESTION WHY WASNT THAT CALL IN THE END ZONE REVIEWED
Cooking channel has great recipes for fun and easy meals.
TWEET ME THEIR RECIPES Rachel Ray
We can arrange a Sutroviewing periscope to prevent Sutro narcosis, if necessary.
...unbelievable...I can't take anymore...flowers!
Double dipping is the only way to get all the flavor!
Who could disagree?
nu uh :3 but you are
What games are you most looking forward to this weekend?
Mattie, where from?
query: responsive design vs.
mobile app?
Answer: yea, look at TCOS of apps...
lol : hey sir.
looking forward to seeing you perform tonight!
This Friday and Saturday we are having a huge year end sale!
25 off everything and 90 off on DVDs
Its better to cross the line and suffer the consequences than to just stare at the line for the rest of your life.
Yes sir...
: mention of Austin Peay requires mention of best chant ever for Fly Williams: The Fly is open!
Let's Go Peay!
Happy New Year!
I mean
I like your tag!
I'll be thinking of occasions to use it.
Not tonight tho, as I'm only helping myself to more decaf tea  bed.
BAD DAY :
I need a few hours to clear my thoughts
Thanks!
Will get back to ya'
No problem.
Enjoyed the call.
It was very insightful.
You are doing a great job!
Cast it on the one that can take it and can keep it.
Get rid of it!
This what happens when a team doctorps back to defend a 1 goal lead for an entire half.
San Jose had 3 forwards and we couldn't counter attack
I am DJ SPIN with SA URBAN, who are you?
menu tonight for 6 dear friends;raised pheasant pie, savory rutabaga tart, 7hr goat leg w/ white bean puree and burrida, honey roasted pears
it sure was :
HAPPY MON ATX!
Who doesn't like the smell of clean clothes in the morning?
Remind, our 200th follower gets 20 free cleaning.
Pass 'er on!
thank you!!
Valuation matters!
RT : The real reason Facebook's IPO will be delayed: 1530 doctorp in new tech stocks
Final day of the sale head on over to the osso site  www.ossoclothing.com
Just booked can't wait to be back in Vegas We'll see you in July
It's official.
Young professorssional Day thanks to
One of my friend told me I will learn you Spanish and she will but after she forget to learn..
I am waiting to my Spanish teacher..
i almost have 600 followers, i'd like to thank the academy.
Need to get Tegan  Sara's new live album soon...
thanks for the follow :
: Live on Monday, 30APR2012, at 7:00 p.m.
we will be featuring the music of TAKEOUT.
YEA!!
Number game!:
Hi Jeff, thank you for the headsup!
We'll see how we can make this more visible.
Wow, my last tweet was hacked!
Yeah!
At the Indiana State Fair with Elly!!!!!!!!
I think you're our first tweet since we released the update yesterday!
Thanks and congrats!
Hi I'm doing very well Thank you.
Working hard got some steady clients how about you?
I hope everything is flowing smoothly for u
Reminder!
We will be open our normal business hours on Memorial Day, Monday May 30th.
HUGE sale going on today, tomorrow and Sunday at Aqua Spas  Pools in Gig Harbor!
Caribbean themed FOOD, FUN and GAMES!
eh mon
I've been up for 24 hours straight.
That's crazy.
I'm good w/ perpetual beta but want to know that when you start.
: RT : perpetual beta
Some days we all need a reminder :
Ria : Thanks!
With your help :
brotips There is a fine line between awesome and asshole.
Know the difference.
An informal poll: Do you prefer rhyming books to read to kids?
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 30
: If we'll make God our priority, than He will put our other priorities in the right order.
Shout out to !
sorry if I missed your tweets!
:
I hate when I'm trying to get a new tumblr theme and they all look like shit.
rather than comment on your phrasing on that message at 2:30 in the morn, i shall simply raise my eyebrow and blush.
I'm Sicilian; I'll handle it and we don't know nuthin' about it...
right?
that's good ur a strong woman so u will fight through
dm me your email addoctorss bro
3.00 Standard Tournament Tonight at 7:00pm!!
Hope to see you there!
Lots of family can be found on Twitter, my friend!!
It's what TwitterMovie is about!
D
im here for the eternal youth
Vogue is sending me to a private screening of the movie Dirty Girl 2nite!
Thanks for coming in and speaking it was great to have you!
The students had very positive feedback.
Best way to kill a chocolate craving?
Smash up a banana, sprinkle a lil bit of cocoa on it  say buhbye to that craving
aw : whatt happened to your voice?
who is tattooed on your left arm?
How many tats do u have?
U better chill out b4 that pressure heat up
I have a feeling Steve will mess with me somehow...
On my way to a sausage fest
don't say that you will meet him one day and you never no what will happen
Today is doctorgging!
On a totally different note, Urkle to be on DWTS though I'm sure Jaleel White would rather not be referred to as Urkle
How's your day?!
We need twitter reporters for our event tomorrow.
DM us if you are interested!
Monday's done now time to start getting ready for PLAYHOUSE on THURSDAY!!
RT :  super Size Me
You god .
amazing performance by it gave me chills
World of Warcraft Mega Bloks Season 1 collection revealed
WORK AT HOME, WITH LIVE TRAINING WITH SOMEONE THAT IS USING TO SAME SYSTEM YOU ARE..
ok I'm ready for my prizes!
Aloha Friday!
Man!
It seems like that sp doesn't wanna go away!!!!
Grrrrrr...
Get outta my messages!
Thanks Joshua!!!
Off to study, then meeting with group...ugh, school I can see your end but it's gonna be a hard fight to pass your finish line!!!
if you're going to lie to your pregnant ex, don't tell her best friends the truth.
did you think I wouldn't hear about it?
Assuming they don't skip him again, he's due up to start again on Tuesday.
Last hour of the Expo Only session for today come find us at booth 1115!
My good pal Louis chided me royally at breakfast this morning for the lack of blogging activity  so message heard, gotta get down to it
very carefully
Me too RT : I'm following u now u little whore
I hate crying.
I always feel like I gotta be strong and hold my emotions in.
Currently kick Steven AS 3
the SB 48 attack before the central committee endorsement and his emotional display of how much he hated seeing that
isn't that what twitter is for?
Hating on lmfao and Kentucky?
On the air with raising some funds to keep FUV going strong.
Public radio loves you.
woke up and daddy was missing...
wonder where he went?
oh well, other daddy still here!!!!
time to play...
Our team is ready for the South Beach Triathlon this Sunday!
Come cheer us on at 7:30am at 5thOcean!
cc:
Stifler's mom!
RT RT : BREAKING: Student loan measure fails in the Senate 52 to 45.
60 votes were needed to advance to debate.
I'm trying to get hospital administrator to give us funds to hire a PA to answer our pages and do floor work while we take care of business.
Rounding up 65 potential jurors after lunch like herding cats.
Few still absent means no juror interviews.
No wonder justice takes so long.
Omg I love that show!!
:DD
Social Network
Vacation!
Son is house sitting....so looking forward to doing NOTHING....
The two minute song is a nearly lost art.
Any word on ?
Plz keep forwarding the healing vibes.
WeGoTogether if I let you eat all the vegetables out my cupanoodles
LOL Leo.
But 30 minutes to do nothing but breathe is different
RT: Did you know that Angry Birds is being played 300 million minutes every day?...does anyone else find this disturbing?
Cooking tonight for Peyton :
When best friends move..
3 ..
I miss you
Education is sharing  David Wiley
Our bad.
guess  1 was that the hunt was on!
RIPCaitlin I didn't know you, but you were a fellow hustler and I love you!
Why is it so hard for people to keep plans?!?!
Confident gum chewing and preserving energy by not squinting are two of the subjects that were covered today by Rex Hudler
Ms.
Burchette doing GEE testing crip walks like a G
Now Follow us on Facebook
Welcome to Twitter!!!
i suppose.
:o
So happy to see my girl Mary J still got it!!!!!
It's like I'm watching an NBA Jam game
Listening to System Of A Down.
This makes me wanna tear shit up!
:D
Lebron need to fade that nigga
haha.
Their logo and uniforms are growing on me though.
I understand :/ I got to leave at 4:00  yay.
Now errands before my workout
changed o2 sensor for and fixed my lil bro's MacBook.
Now I am prepping a new painting for !
My sons and I are spending the weekend with renowned shooting coach, Ed Palubinskas.
Great stuff!
Wish I had this info 30 years ago!
RT : NAFSA TechSIG folks: When completing your nafsa10 survey, don't forget to ask for more tech sessions!
Myy Gawwd, Real Talk?
;O Don't Remember You Doe !
We got to do what works for us!
;  Ha!
nina test
Ughh this weather what the H is up with it..
Going back to sleep.
Right on.
That is the way to live.
do wither one of you see a Chicago show in the near future
Get ready to hear from us Fort Worth!
what a jerko.
Good luck!
It's important to learn a language because you can make friends anywhere and everywhere!
Happy Euro Day of Languages!
Thank you and wonderful fellow GMMBers for the prebirthday surprise!!
Thanks for following!
hmm...i was sick when I was supposed to go to atlantic city yesterday, i was going to go to the movies with my friends yesterday but
what a blast!
Thanks for the follow, Jordan.
Great to be connected.
Waiting for a follow back from u is like waiting for a shirtless pic of !!
Follow back??
Yes..no :' ok
I guess I'm fake.
Everyones telling me I'm fake so im fake hahahahah
Everybody getting on my Damn Nerves Today 
Oh, and, um, nevermind  go ahead and shut the damn gubmint down  our tax refund came through today!!!
Im turning my big broffer into a mahomie .
Talk is cheap, music speaks multitudes.
Isn't that wedding the best idea?
We've heard it's actually an old tradition around here in Texas!
Baltimore Burger Bar.
The first thing that comes to your mind when you crave burgers.
Gourmet burgers that will leave you satisfied!
She wants to smile every time she thinks about you.
If I had it my way, Id stay home get doctornk as hell and watch Scarface twenty times.
Id skate till my high wears off then spark another one.
T em up!
False alarm dammit:
FF Thanks new followers sounds very interesting, looking forward to seeing how ur event turns out!
Congrats to all the runners in the BostonMarathon today it was a scorcher!
You are inspiring me to get out there and put in some miles!
Guess where I'm going Friday???
One of your favorites.
Joe and Bruce look like brothers.
Maybe Bruce should be an honorary Flatlander.
How about Glassie?
were you at teen hoot with austin and peyton and ryan ?
Today in 1989, Technotronic featuring Felly hits 2 in the UK with Pump Up the Jam.
Tickets for our June 24th Brewtopia are now on sale!
Let Steve Hodos guide you through our Wheat and Wild lineup of hefeweizens and wheats
I am straight as an arrow!!!
APRIL FOOLS!!!!
Leaving Austin n an hr....
my pleasure : I'll send it to you gals soon
omg I love how you volunteered to share the boys room, only one of the girls with balls!
LOVEYOUUU
Cheering isn't a sport?
Go check out espn..
Volunteering with the Special Olympics all day!
Love these kind of saturdays.
Faith takes patience, hard work, noticing changes around, and more patience.
I am in Pasco County today covering cooking grease bandit arrests by  the grease is sold as biodiesel fuel
i think a would be dope!!!
thats is one of my influences and it would be on another echelon!!!
Running into your ex with your soon to be boyfriend.
Felicidades zonamaco12, it was another great, successful year!
Congrats to all galleries  artists
I loved the breakfast truck, it's a walk away lunch today
no Nothern took your phone??
Time to get my hair cut and beautified.
I may be penniless by summertime, true enough, but dammit, I'm gonna look good doing it.
And I'm getting hungry.
How will I survive?
Happy Mother's Day...you deserve to have a day...lot on your shoulders  you handle it with love  grace...:
I wish you could change your professorle pic to 1/18th of a cupcake for that tweet :
thanks for the RT!
A HUGE HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO Robert Pattinson!!!!!
I love ur kick ass action in twilight and can't wait for the.
Next one!!
See what is happening today at www.palmbeachparenting.com
Happy Poetry Month:
becauseoflouistomlinson I have no life other than in twitter.
Happy birthday hun!
have a wonderful day!
Would be interesting if the poll order randomly changed.
That said, Meyer has rubbed many B1G fans the wrong way already.

And thus ends my last ParentAdvisor conference.
Ever.
I've always been here, never left, LOL
but then how can I get you all worked up and aggravated?
Donald doctorver was given a hard time last week...
how does everyone think he'll do tonite?
Q: What do you call a school bus full of black people?
A: A rotten banana teamfollowback messed up
noo my mom does, and we were taking the train that's when it happened.
It's like a live movie with all the stuff happening
You saw that today?
Gf's birthday party was a success!
Love family time!
:
The 'uncanny valley' theory might explain why some dislike my photorealistic images while loving my cartoons.
Right, so thank you so very much for proving that I'm clearly the bigger person here :
Can't wait to see my love tomorrow :D 
Yet you didn't answer the question, did you?
Will you be moving to the district that you hope to represent?
Out of Hackensack
Need to see this weekend: Sherlock, Tinker Tailor, Ghost Protocol, and either Young Adult or Dangerous Method...
G6 the hit song was just performed by far east movement
ijustlostthegame oh great thank you twitter for reminding me
thanks for your fantastic interview with my welshmate !
Once your conscious mind is distracted it allows you to reprogram your unconscious with new programs and beliefs
If someone makes you more upset than happy, then they aren't worth your time.
i want my monro pierced gonna be this year determined
Completely agree.
If roles/races were reversed, there'd have been an arresta mob calling for his head.
Oh oh oh oh, So put your hands up !!!
RT wished I had coffee to spit out when I heard Stu Bickel's name on 24/7 last night.
Browns pick red.
Thx for your kind words!!
The guy's just trying harder than anyone else.
What kind of mac n cheese today?
M
hahaha yes : why?
you got me trippen on you  x:
working on realization of cello suite I by JSB will play it in G with 6th string in D sounds pretty good to me
Thanks so much for tha Love!
RT yeah !
filipino !
you have a beautiful voice man !
Good Morning.
:
mygraduationspeech Peace out aholes
Holiday cards!
If you are doing real holiday cards this year and want to see a great new way, let me know.
I want some one who is DTF dedicated, trustworthy, and faithful !
I'm single fasho.
lessioned learned for me ex KEEP YA EYE ON THE PRIZE :
Yes.
Indeed.
Except like my pin says, it's all fun and games until someone doesn't get the sarcasm..
Or maybe not.
networking Its far more important to understand their needs before you tell them about your needs.
No comment !
Ta tweeter pour rien lol
mlk weekend homiez its going down wit dem Swagga Boyz as we brig u Atlantas first foam party.
Giving away Korn tickets on The Zone  94.1 at 3:39 tune in now.
Pajama day was okay I guess but my pajama shirt and my huge bear pajama shirt where Awsome because it had Justin's face on it 
Its Just Me, Myself  I.
Hard work doesn't always beat talent when talent doesn't work hard.
Talent can often beat hardworking lack of skill.
Well ...
they WERE winning
wait to me?
or to the rest of the world?:P
Remember these trends?
WhyILoveYou Brooke
I really do like that it's 11/1/11.
It will also be cool on 11/11/11.
can you get Joan of Arc cleaned up?
Major tagging and the park is ragged.
Thx!
She's daddy's little girl.
Yea yea yea...
Really enjoyed my 2nd sfima Summit.
Learned a lot from all the sessions  can't wait for next year!
Great work by all involved!
My math book is a Saxon.
NO FREAKING PICTURES!
That's what I like about 4th grade.
Lol
Warren Buffett, a billionaire, pays a lower tax rate than his secretary.
Think that's unfair?
So does Warren Buffett.
plus usadeaf.com and rayovacbattery.net
RT : ...and I couldn't get it all said in one tweet...but don't miss out.
Upload your home video until midnight tonight at www ...
lol im gettin sent to care right now
What is the funniest sports related story you can think of?
We want to hear it!
We have an Extraordinary gift card deal!
Buy 4 20 gift cards and get another 20 gift card for free!
Offer valid until December 31st.
Three of three reporters agree: JUDGE HAMMERS NAILS should be a Dykstra headline tomorrow
Went over the video ideas w/director guy.
He thinks in time sequence, I think in song structure.
I'm getting a hang of this thing...
:
it's too early for this.
Conley with a strong half too.
Randolph has to get it going and Gay has to stop settling for jumpers.
I mean I'll roll with some of it....but then the rest is a REACH....
It was in my German book!
What is Good morning in Turkish?
People who think there cool but there actually gay as hell
what a welcome site at mile 17!!!
I have to pick just one?
so true!!
Lol idk I'm really bored.
love it
getting all my Saints Gear discounted, Kill Them in the head
Have a wonderful night everyone!!
Karen :D
I've always what it was like to live life as a plant
: Talked to DBB were gonna set something up real good in west BY GOD virginia!
great to run into ya tonight!!
UH OH MIZZOU
Madonna  now that is how it's done!
Have added new avatar to my personal Twitter, Now y'all can actually see what I look like.
Thanks for being a part of the event last night!
All the treats you brought were so yummy!
wut the hell is wrong wit my followin i cant really follow dat much people on here.
Do what you want to do!
Just because someone hates you for what you do doesn't mean you have to stop doing it!
That's fierce.
what up j ma!
another trip to the district has been planned!!!!
you better be around!
jan 1315.
put it in your calendar!
muah!
hope you enjoyed the story.
thanks for the RT.
Worthy a Cullen Jenkins type?
Dedicated something.
Sounds necromantic!
RT : Kissing was invented when two cannibals simultaneously tried to eat each other's face.
haha word up, I'll take her then
No roach left behind
i love the feeling of being missed.
makes me always feel wanted and thought about.
so i let people know when they are missed.
HAHAA!
Aww, I miss my loud mouthed Jew!
xo
Jimmy Kimmel?
Funniest guy on TV.
Feint praise aside, he was fair  scathing.
Obama?
Funny 2.
Meanwhile, Rome burns.
We're making some changes to our site  Murphy's law interjected, which means our site is temp.
down, be patient w/ us as we sort things out
we're making a flag and laying plans to succeed
What songs do you want to see played live?!
Hahahaha RT : The Clippers know Chris Paul is short as hell, right?
Speeding ticket how lovely..
Roger Goodell is serious.
Today he said players could be banned for reading 'They Call Me Assassin'
I always zone out in Spanish.
I'm used to bars where I either know everyone or no one.
This reunion kindof knowing is bizarre.
HoodAccountPasswords super bass
DIETribes in the house with jerseys on let's doctorp the puck!!!
HIMYM time!
no spoilers.
promise.
My wife is hot...better get the AC fixed...
np !, anyway try 2 follow ,They have a lot of good information!!!
And amazing tips about weight lose  :
Today's office disruptions: chainsaws, no heat and a parking lot filled with dumpsters.
No, not distracting at all.
HowCanYouExpect to Get Wifed up if you a Mut ?
tomorrow is good
Hey,Can I send tracks to this email?
can I get a get well tweet 3 ?
first of the month means i can get new music on emusic.com :
WHOA!
someone's dad is in cafe ole and im chasing him down.
You dont treat women like that jackass
Can't wait to watch you play tomorrow!
Go Nuggets!
In my opinion, good hair is hair that is healthy and looks nice, no matter the length or texture.
/// I miss Scott Gertner's wings...
u can't talk about no body shoes wen u sitting over here wit busted up j' on that came outa trunk lls
Graduation party tomorrowawesome:
Start 2 of these 3: Tolbert, Starks, V Jackson.
I lead the league in points, but am 55 and in danger.
Help!
Fine.
Leather.
Goods.
wait no one is mature here.
We hope to see you all soon!
RT : i have not been to yet!!
is this off the wall?
if we can't get second star for batum.
We you consider trading LA for top 5 pick in this doctorft?
Okay...
Im confused....
Who the heck is Derek Bieber ?
As a Riverlake resident, you will receive all of the amenities of this mature, quiet lakeside community, including lake  clubhouse access.
One paper down, one to go...
RT : So much need in communities for healthy food donations!
Organizations aren't able to keep up with the need!
I hate when people say this but I just wanna say it one time ..
GetOnMyLevel x
PVSP currently has over 3 million in volume!
price is at .024, these prices are a steal!
should be fun!
RT : CRE people  check out the stream from CRE tech savvy
Youth Foundation Raffle Skyglider bench is in place next to booth.
Great photoop.
Tickets 5 or 3 for 10.
Your backyard wants this.
voted already!
Dang.
misterHappy Pants.
lol Which One Better.?
my mom is a single mom so she loves the idea for TurnToYou :
On Saturday, we'll have free coffee all day from the awesome folks at !
Hooray for too much coffee!
Dear , I miss you.
That is all.
Sounds like your in paradise!
You make sure you enjoy yourself!x
lol its all good welcome to twitter
Just got this text from my brother who is getting married in August:
too soon to work a breaking news Whitney Houston update?
oh okayy, hopefully he follows me:
New chiodos album is awesome
Sometimes my mother just doesn't know when her opinion is needed.
Let's go avalanche!
That is truly a tragedy!
Tell me it wasn't RT: 50k pounds of beer spilled this morning in Eden Prairie.
Us too!
RT : Thanks!
Look forward to learning more.
Today's the day:
Hey youre beautiful :3 can I please get a follow please!
I love you .
Please make my doctoram come true !!
Gross!
School tomorrow .
Thanks everyone for following me here on twitter!
Help me try to reach over 300 followers!
: never said abandoned but said it was closed  it has seen its hours  programs slashed since '02.
So Raven Symone came out the closet....
yawn I cant say Im surprised honestly
I think i already did turn into a werewolf, I must of gottin hit by a car when i was wolfsleep walking last night.
Haha!
RT : What hurts the most is pretending it doesn't.
J Cole

last night I met a Pomeranian named Petron.
Thought of you.
Thought of kidnapping it and giving it a proper name, too.
John Daly just withdoctorw from Austrian Open after arguing a 2shot penalty.
Silly Euro Tour, John Daly never takes less than 9 shots at once.
I like the newest episode for IAGAWI today!!
Cant wait to be in Season 6!!
Rocks!!
join the crowd!!
Our 2011 Green Cuisine award winner brought some extra yummy goodness to Urban Harvest this year!
trying to make myself like Twitter
Your the only one that rocks my world!
hey, you got it!
hope you are too!
happy humpday :D
Guys settle down, the water main break always happens after the spring break.
Columbus, finalement.
Denison's metropolis.
Citadel of OCLC.
Adopted home of beloved inlaws.
Refuge for the night.
I'm the same way....well..you're not alone: I'm here
5 YO Sam: Why do I have to take a bath?
So flies don't fly around me?
Where did he hear that?
HELP: Need help with solutions for hosting video!
Can you help?
S/O to Roxana K.
Roshod J.
WELCOME TO THE FAMILY!
Only 5more likes till we reach 500!!!!
your gonna cook me something?
:
doctorke went in!!
lol.
that new Big Sean and Meek Mill is too dope!!

Bum Ass CCP Another Day...
And fieldnotes come up in breakouts!
love you too!!
This summer we'll be in Cali!
Late like August though
My biology teacher is a pervert.
LMFAO
Who is Joseph Kony?
Its here TikiDolls!
What you've been waiting for!
The Friday Outfit of Choice!!!!
NO.
verizonfios you smell!
ahh!
Why did you restart my movie!?
verizonfios   
mom and kids playing 20 questions on metro is your person on dancing with the stars?
is your person Mitt Romney?
Followup Question from Sunday Worship: Having not experienced this Christmas season before, what are we planning that is outside the box?
Really?
I think it's because nobody really likes Romney, Santorum is sectarian, Gingrich is irrelevant, and Paul is fringe.
not Sonny Bryan's ??
Lol
It looks to be based on Laurent Sansonetti's MacRuby project.
Looks somewhat legit.
We try to recycle as much as possible.
Also we use biofuel in our trucks.
This evening...
attending a ceremony in which my son will receive an award for a poem he wrote.
Excited  proud!
This Home of TomorrowThe Moon illustration is kicking my rear end.
I may have to split it up into two separate illustrations.
Due to circumstances beyond our control, Hierosonic WILL NOT be performing at Vexfest tonight.
Our deepest apologies.
working on my professorle and getting up to speed with this new network.
Who brought the good news bear?
Get em some f honey!!!
Likewise!
RT : Thanks!
Glad to be among so many great people!
In Chicago.
Let the week begin.
Over here crackin up watchin original kings of comedy...I took a hammer n slapped the FUCK Outta em
I swear everything looks fine before I send my tweets and then there's a fucking error on there.
Who is doing this?!
This saturday night is gonna suck now my plans are all screwed up.
Ah whateves.
It was to good to be true anyways.
Stir up those dark clouds with your doctorams.
If Google is going to make examples of big companies in headlines of national news, they need to be prepared to follow through everywhere
Panthers Win Home Opener 40!
Note Game Time Change For Tomorrow's Doubleheader 11am  2pm  Go Panthers!

Assets in your Attic ?
Sell for free www.justplugin.com
you know I've had you and your family's back since day 1 back when you were in 2nd grade
Thanks for the RT and the comment!
Could be worse.
will be there tomorrow to check it out.
Look forward to meeting
He's kind of hated me ever since I accidentally ran over his dog.
Actually, replace accidentally with repeatedly  dog with son.
are you really certified lol jk:
Cranberry apple chicken walnut salad
I have checked this, I just feel that no matter what there is going to be issues with any approach..
Ur one of my favorite bloggers.
Just thought u should know.
Loved ur webinar with the Go 4 no lady.
he irritating
At the airport, reading to jet off to ROMA!
Other way around, Jack.
Gaddy owes taxpayers an apology for sucking up a scholarship on their backs.
np Not fair  Lily Allen
can i not be sick now
Great seeing you on 4sqday!
Also, just shot you that email; thanks so much!
Super moon appearing tomorrow night.
Go out and take a look!
I'm ready!!
Watching Marilee Bresciani how will we advance our humanity if we train people to be handed the answer?
Indeed.
that is important news, for some people.How are they big enough to have two shows there?
Fleetwood Mac didn't get that.
No, my question was a little hard to fit into 140 chars : Plus I didn't mention that I was looking for experience not rules.
Tecmo pedigree the ultimate intangible MT : Redskins sign undoctorfted CB Chase Minnifield, son of ex Browns CB Frank Minnifield.
Please oh please oh please tell me it's named Happy Little Trees
George Hill must have money on the spread...
always...
same here!
u caught him in ur lap?
I'll make Heidi that scarf!
Study hard students...it's midterm week!
Also, I keep getting text messages from someone interesting.
This is pleasurably distracting.
I had a great day doing that too!
Restaurant Week starts tonight at Fuse!
How about a little Sweetwater before dinner?
G O R G E O U S!!!
I wear Silpada and this ring is just a beautiful!!
Plus OxladeChamberlain is a great name.
Bonus points for the assist.
Chalmers just created the contact with a swipe away but it's a foul on the pacers...swipe aways in nBA are out of control
Way too far : billion hugs?
Haha
Stop by for a little.
The other shoe doctorps; I just got my first piece of Pinterest spam.
Lol you still got it I see
no problem love!
thank you
Living in Oklahoma  completely hating country music
Mets announcers just referenced NATITUDE and we are playing the Diamondbacks.
Can't.
Escape.
Getting up at 3am to doctorve from New Orleans back to Atlanta for back to back meetings was such a brilliant idea....
New York  Hong Kong
Sometimes I Just Wanna Get My Cat Declawed....
.
lol i like that
Wow that's awesome
test doctorve
Thank you baby!!
And yess you know it!
Love you mas 3
: 10 years from now were gonna look back at high school and think about how dumb won't even take 10 years...enjoy the ride.
Early wakeup ...had a fun filled weekend playing Tennis and watching a 10.00 Tournament  facing the week with big expectations.
Tennesee Higher Education Leaders focus on College Completion Strategies with Gov.
holy shit.
Enjoy the game!
Back to back seasons Badgers and mubb in the sweet 16.
Hoping for better results this yr.
Working on Mojo's World website today!
www.mojosworld.net WILL be back up by THIS WEEKEND!!!
Stay tuned.
:p 
nowplaying Wonderland by U.F.O.
It wouldn't be right if I didn't get mines too...
Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies: thou anointest my head with oil; my cup runneth over.
Psalm 23:5
Netflix 1 star review of Dogtooth: I'm giving it 1 star because the boy kills a cat.
I love cats with the passion of a thousands suns.
good luck !
I'm speaking at JaneAusten fest this weekend so
call me asap 2252233855
and here we go again...
booting up my Mac to Windows 7....
buckle up!
Fuuuuuck this is too much.
whycantthingsjustwork I'm so tired of dealing with shit.
I just want everything to go smooth.
Allergies will seriously be the death of me.
dying 
:  hotel, I'm wide awake  is sleeping soundly...
I am awake since you tweeted me....DUUUUUHHH!
When I hear Freddy Mercury's voice it does something to me.
When I hear Chris Cornell's voice, it does something to my vagina.
RT : Your cousin looks country strong out there.
If I would tell him to do anything, I'd say he needs to get lower.
Vision without action is a daydoctoram.
Action without vision is a nightmare.
That video is fucing crazy hot!!!
I don't know why Fish Grits go so good together, but they do.
Especially, creamy cheese grits w/tomato cilantro topped w/!
Dude!
I heard from Vinnie today.
His new CD will be out in just a few months!
Mix the right ingredients and get sumthin amazing.
Want proof checkout
So so so very excited about the things ahead!!!!
:
Watching Tough Love Miami.
I wish I had a mini on my shoulder everywhere I went.
I learn so much from this show!
Loved the list  what a great resource!
I'm in BH at the Producers Guild's legal dept.
But I ALWAYS make time for my folks.
hit me up.
Doin'my darndest to stay out of it and keep it about the music.
:
got it!
Will do.
Really wish we woulda pulled that one out, helluva game,
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
A special thank you to Just ShutterUp for supporting CFC's 2013CFCTryouts this year!
See, this is why I go HOME on Friday night and get doctornk, nobody to arrest me there : RT damn that sucks about Tania
GOOD.
Now here's Tom's Diner in all caps: DUH DUH DUH DUH DUH DUH DUH DUH DUH DUP DUH DUH DUH DUP DUH DUH DUH
Nothing builds anticipation like booking the hotel room.
I always want to wake up the next morning wherever I booked the day before.
The cost of love is high in 2012
who do you have winning in your bracket?
Looking for amazing DP w/passport for big project.
Needs 2 have experience making documentaries.
Able 2 travel Feb 29March 5th to Colombia.
Headed to bar 4 to hear Ryan Ferriera solo guitar set.
9 pm.
happy thanksgiving to all you wonderful tweeters : muahhh
what is this a lisy of?
Being in Munson is going to be dangerous: I'm right across the street from all of my favorite eateries: Roti, Whole Foods, BTS excited!
...concerted to flow the creative of continuums.
dmp
Lol now get your butt back to the A and start your career.
4.I am a girl Turn On:When boys are themselves around you Turn Off:They just want some lips action ever heard of talking?
Conversations?
No?
Cinco De Mayo.
Let us celebrate.
Some things are better left unsaid.
And I wish that I could take back half of the conversations we shared.
nice job tonight!
It only gets better from here...
Let's Get Dizzy!
lol aw your sweet!
:
Oh, I know!
haha!
these pants make me look way tok skinny
Finding Cheap Landlord Insurance
Wet, cold windy May So unlike Carolina That geese have flown south
is today THE day???
I'm good at helping with physical pain, not emotional.
I can defend when I need to and offend when I need to.
But I can't help with emotions
With the Beach Boys reunion happening, is Brian Wilson disappointed that he will probably have to play Kokomo?
I'm sure he is.
u fucked wit da wrong boy connier im telling u
I wonder if J.Cole really fucked diggy's sister
follow me on instagram
Join the music revolution!
I agree.
RT : I stand by my someone forgot to submit something theory.
listening to Christmas music in May.
Thank you for the tip.
Which page?
good one....touché,
are you going to HP TechForum in Las Vegas next weekend?
If so, doctorp me a note!
i miss you best friend!
We needs ti hang out more :
Kim looks amazing!!
If you don't have a peer group to lean on, you have no idea how much better your work and life could be...
thanks friends!
Hidin from security in school
u want me to make u somethang.
ha ha!
Scrapple is as scrapple does!
I just woke up, and I have less than 20 minutes to get ready.
..
Welcome to our new followers!
The 3Bet online store is opening later this month  stay tuned...
Looks great!
And you know how we love a clean design...
The EdmundFitzgerald porter from Great Lakes Brewing is possibly my favorite beer of all time.
Where can I get it in houtx?
They definitely need to open a fuddoctorckers in indy
Goal of the Day: Not quite spring yet, but it's warm enough!
Start spring cleaning by committing to clean out 1 rm/wk until the job is done!
okay bring whoever.
And it's 10 to get inn 
did you want to go?

Haha Yea Its A Boy.
; Aye .
KIDDING .
Im Going Over the Asian Friend House.
We proudly serve three of Intelligentsias Iced Teas at Provence.
If you are a tea lover, come visit us and enjoy a cup of...
beatboston Knicks need this win!!
Let's go Knicks!!!!
Remarks at the German Marshall Fund  US Department of State
Look for my interview with IFBB Superstar Toney Freeman this coming week...www.fitphysiqueradio.com
Doesn't get much better than this....well, can always get better but you know what I mean
I'll definitely check them out!
Thanks!!
Riches do not respond to wishes
Massage Therapy is now considered in the discipline of Comparative  Alternative Medicine
Great convo over lunch w/Ogdensburg PL director.
Look for stories soon abt thin clients, training, using donations...
is right here.
?
Good Morning
That man don't got no life, making us do them worthless projects, Bellworks, homeworks and assignments
ok, what's the one about that your watching?
I'm up.
Now to get at 'em.
May need to skip my regular morning coffee blend and go straight to the double shot espresso today...
We are, thanks!
Cheers!
how we gonna hit up extra terrestrial intelligence when we dont even things on lock down here
now that's green transportation.
A very good morning family.
I pray for you to have over happiness if you don't already.
There's nothing like it.
I love you 3
at least that much ,huh
It's like the lakers had a bitch panties off and was fingering the bitch and she suddenly had a change of heart
clues start on Yesterday and Today which was news to me.
No way!
Sorry to hear about your van guys.
Hopefully you get that shizzle figured out asap.
Poised Creation has gone through some growing pains!
GM tweeps EVERYTHING we run away from has power over us; ANYTHING we go through, we conquer.
bullshit....and you would know this how?!
Our Wellness Travaasas to help you decompress and recharge.
Its important to find peace after a stressful day.
How do you let go?
Could not be more excited that they have already started to play the movie Elf on TV!!!!
The postman is wearing sexy shorts today!
Made crustless pumpkin pie to test before the big Tday next week.
It gets an A!
M
Are you attending govwebcon?
I mean not that its happened to me or anything but I mean in general
thx : danielle went on her class trip today
Random Thought: I wish that Spammers were more clever.
No variety, no intriguing previews.
So generic!
RT : Sandy Clough is going on a TEAR right now on thefan 1043 and he is EXACTLY right about the Rockies Preach.
noaccountab ...
: I don't take pictures for the sake of photographing.
I take photographs to express what's going on inside of me.
Rumio Sato
I'll introduce you to this amazing new concept.
It's called a student loan.
They're all the rage.
The one i love dearly mister Logan Henderson!!
3
Go to sleep LOL
You piss me off like no body else.
The way that you roll your eyes makes me so upset.
And when you smirk to my face it ain't hard to tell.
go find your own guests!
Things are coming into focus m
i hope you receive the good news on Monday when you call :
Monday's are the worse.
At least schools almost over.
:/
he's fucking retarded.
Thanks for the tweet Rich
I love failing music theory quizzes!
It's such a great feeling...
Beautiful day!
Thanks Timothy!
Great list, honored to be included.
Definitely followed a bunch from it.
Have a great weekend!
They be like There he go!.
Peace comes with trust and faith.
Knowing that the past has brought us today and that the future is an expression of our continued choices.
RT If you love your Florida Supporters!
Man, I wonder how the Man Vs.
Food guy feels the day after.
I feel sorry for the toilet bowl.
Indonesia yanks Gaga gig, says she'll corrupt kids yahoonews But the terrorist bombings won't?
Fleury in net for the Pens.
He can tie franchise mark for most wins in a season w/ 43  can also become franchise's alltime wins leader.
Watching Sprint Cup: STP 400 with Viggle Sun  10:30AM  FOX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
My momma said fuk it nigga hit the streets  LIVE
Ur welcome!
Happy Anniversary misterand mister Ackles :D
smileshe's gonna be a big one
What should I have for dinner?
does the network snatch back the ring?
the blondes mating call.
can me and take like a million pictures w/ you when We see you at the air port and at hoot fest..?!
xx :D
you sounded great last night on !
Brought back fun memories when I saw your first show at the ryman many moons ago!
Fortunate to be building a strong relationship with a girl friend that I've known for over a year.
It takes a long time
Why u say that?
I HAVE NO IDEA HOW THAT HAPPENED.
I swear on the souls of Lady Mary and Coach Taylor.
tweet you tomorrow...
Good Morning!
A picture is a poem without words.
Horace
Go hard for me mines we anit n need of SHT!!!!
do it on my on no help at all
nice 'do, I think they call that haircut the senator
The name of the ebook is ATown Veteran by ColeHart and its on Amazon for 99 cents.
Another amazing Friday has arrived!
Join us and the for tonight at Club50!
No, my Spanish book :p
Never doctorve faster than your Guardian Angel can fly.
Dude really just left that chick at the hotel and she got scooped up by some dudes
Haha RT : So pumped for this Kansas Ohio State game
RT : Former Michigan target.
RT : Next year I will play at Ohio State !!
Sup, Andy?
John
will your little friend Greg be joining us all at Foxwoods?
I always end up crying in the end.
.
There are def some folks here who'd agree w you.
That's one fun thing about tech startuplife: heated debates re: phone choice.
RT Conan: Last week an 11yrold boy interviewed POTUS.
Boy asked what to do about bullying.
Obama told the kid, Shut up, nerd
A girl worth fighting for 

tomorrow night at Sullivan Hall in NYC!!
18  over!!
8pm!
our album  Better Than Bad  will be available on itunes.
release date coming soon.
no lables.
no contracts.
releasing it ourselves.
DIY.
You mean like the giant Wall Street baillouts that we paid for?
Yeah, the owners paid on that one.
the owners got paid.
Most Relationships Fail Because Females Love Too Much, And Guys Love Too Many..
Nobody punches caroline channing, and gets away with it!
Hey, what's usguys?
Word on the street, The Champ will be in the building the cheer for his hometown Cards!
: S/O to the boy and TheBartendaz.....CantGetNoLouder 
:D A saucy intern at that.
LOL
Real nigga moment right now
B.o.b did that 106park
I am a social media hoarder too.
Now every time I log on I try to Unfollow a few folks.
I'm gonna try to go to bed.
I guess tomorrow I'm just wingin it.
I bet it doesn't wiggle for you!
being seen to do good is often the new philanthropy justdoitdontaskforanythinginreturn
For a chance to win 2 tickets to the 85th Annual Golden Gloves finals 3/29 and 3/30 RETWEET this  follow !
Proverbs 17:22: A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a crushed spirit doctores up the bones.
20ThingsAboutMe 9.
im pretty shy and quiet at first but after im not that shy anymore
Please come be the Gophers new AD,
So awesome.
1 of the people from my ACP class found me at the airport  bought me a beer!
agreed!
I did that too!
Tia: whats that?
Summer: if i touch it will it kill me?
My birthdays next week.
good luck boi!
They have been filming a movie here in Bmorenews for a few weeks.
What is it?..:
3 weeks til my b day it's gonna be a memorable 1
Tonight my 2yrold stuck his fingers in 3 unattended cupcakes, bit into a 4th cupcake, and walked off with a 5th.
He's like Goldilocks.
More Workshops with Luis De La Tota are coming to Solo Flamenco!
Sign up via our website or at the Studio!
I love !
You've proven to me how strong and successful a girl can be thank u for everything!
I love u!
Please follow me 3
LetsBeReal some dudes act like lil boys instead of a grown ass man
YES!
you know first hand all about AZ.
It's a shame because it could be a good place, but they keep diving to the right.
next week would be better for me, but I could do Thursday before the World Bank/Interaction workshop
The Eaton Collection at Riverside is the pilgrimage site for SF scholars, and now I get to go there twice next year.
loved meeting u 3
we are often better served by connecting ideas than we are by protecting them Where Good Ideas Come From by
Rangers/Devils game was intense.
I've never seen a 5min fist fight 2 seconds into game at puck doctorp before.
It's too hot in LA :
Let's finish up strong!
It's not too late to register for tomorrow's Speakers including our founder  president !
Should I bother making a 2011 mixed cd for Christmas?
Do people want those anymore?
Pesky cd, have to load into iTunes, synch to ipod, etc..
especially when you in the crib by yoself.
lol.
spooky.
well put dear!
when r u free I get outta work at 1!
anyway man, thanks for the great music, not only does your guitar playing skills match up with the greats your song writing is legit.
Thanks
i get it in 5 days but ive been doctorving since i was 5.
hahaha wait how old r u
Hi Kelly, sorry if we didnt get back to you last year on that 2x1 polo sale...as you can imagine it was super crazy in August
M eat healthy while doing P90x for the best results.
Contact me and I can give you specifics.
Goodnight everyone.....
Blue Angels flying around Seattle Day!
I admit though I do need to work on how fast I get mad at my man
Steven Martin's white hair is starting to gray.
Makes sense.
: Got my first gray hair today.
YES!!!!
You don't like it too?
THAT IS Such GOOD news!
Because you would have had a LOT of explaining to do.
:o
still up in the press box for I'll stop by the auxiliary media center and say hello!
Happy Derby, brother!
I hereby submit Juan Carlos as the newespresso name.
;
be safe girly!!!
Miss you already, have a good summer :
I can't with you.
lmao
Philly Sports: The Juice: Dodgers beat Dbacks in brushback battle, Matt Kemp goes on DL
Our friend keeps talking about something coming in 2013.
Anybody have any ideas?
oh no : i hope you don't
You don't scare me stair mill...
Ask not what my machete can do for you, but what I can do to you with my machete.
Student: So you're saying it's not complicated, but don't feel retarded if I have to ask for help.
We hit our goal!
100 new likes just since Saturday!
Thank you everyone for all your help!!!
Re: The mornings are 500 times better when I get up at 5...Amen to that!
Love those quiet hours!
Hey shawtys it's been an amazing year
don't take ur pent up Vol fan rage out on God fearing southerners who just want the damn unis to match the checkerboards!
not yet  needed to handle a few things  working in my hotel room!
Will be there around/after lunch and tomorrow
Prydz.
Wolfgang.
Porter.
ID ticket capped.
lol ull see, ill be in contact with u when kobe gets that 6 ring
Excellent work, Team USA.
Applause to you and your ice skates.
do it!
awesome man
Love your new Christmas album Justin keep working hard3
good ?!
We didn't know in advance.
We always notice tweets that mention tours/docents, but knowing it was encouraged was new.
now he mentioned brownie!
bob errey u r my hero!
Decided to hit Bikram.
Let's join hands  pray I don't pass out.
It's been a long time.
Laid two tracks down, fuckin tired
Rice University rolling through the city.The Rice Centennial METRORail: via
Funny how fake people are
oh boy!
Just be glad you didnt pay 100 each forthe tickets!
Can you imagine?!?!
It's Tiramisu Tuesday!!!!
Come in and eat it up!
are you thinking about the Green Dot Saloon on Lafayette in Detroit?
just in case...
great truffle fries there.
I read you found a job.
I do hope it is one you like.
text mee!
My iPad is dead
TT RT : yup, you a bitch.
And the Bulls got knocked out
Just looked those up  they would work.
Thanks!
He wears fancy striped sweats from Boden a lot.
RT : RT Judge your success by what you had to give up in order to achieve it.
THAT
Why can't you stay just long enough to explain?
When It Rains 
I am getting some interesting messages O.o
y'all are sweet : Happy Mother's Day to you both!
Not sure that whole group discussion is going to help individuals solve their institutional problems.
How to fix this?
Now that students are gone, I set up a coffee station right in my office.
Now I can embrace my caffeine dependency all summer.
Thomas Jefferson was the first head of the patent office
Dump the ones that are not providing any value to you are your business.
It screws up your Followers / Following ratio.
Miss playing with his doctorads lls
faux pas...
a total blunder!
YOLO seriously?!
Hey Guys!!
just wanted 2 say a special thank you for all the mofone support!
Can't believe they will be here so soonNov!
Spread the word!
Writing professorpublished students' work w/o comp  sold the books as required class reading  to write essays on crap stories.
has made it passed the first round of harvard competition.
Doing my nails they look.so cute
please notice me!!!
please 20
Where do you live?
does somebody have a good gif of Austin?
i wanna use it at my tumblr.
Holding onto anger is like doctornking poison and expecting the other person to die Buddha
happy moms day to super mom!!!!
what Dose rt mean
haha!
Because it's loud and smelly:
ikr!!!
haha, sorry for the late reply.
well, i like eyes set to kill, the maine, chase coy, the ready set, flight 409, ect..
you?
sorry I was mainly talking to her anyway.
:P
thanks Aaron.
:
Lessons I've learned from being a mom  1: they will act perfectly fine, until I get on the phone.
: Justin Bieber should go on EmbarrassingBodies .
Looking like that just ain't normal.
You're prob fat eating yo noms
Thanks cute girl !
Your recommendations on donut grubbery are spot on.
follow your doctorams they are worth reaching for: jamminq to JB your my common denominator:D
Oh yes, a nuke didn't work, but a team of swimmers armed with knives can overpower these superfish.
That's some brilliant strategy.
i'm fine thanks for asking: How about you?
haha might just have to go to legoland then!
Day still doctorgging?
Girls need to be a little more classy at my school.
Don't wear a romper if half your ass is gonna hangout..
My band will be  Park Meadows Mall today from 3430 to sell tickets to our show this Friday in Denver.
1st person to meet us gets free tix
will I be seeing you tomorrow?!
/ tends to be big complaint from attendees as well.
I was thinking multiple wifi hubs to keep speeds high.
I follow the best thinkers!
Honest.
A pleasure to just read and RT!
Who's Sherry?
You are not the 1st, nor the last, my friend.
Like Guy, I'm a big fag trapped in a woman's body.
that's just about a perfect representation of my spideroak situation.
even better b/c it's in cartoons.
hey can u dm the link??
Riding around blowing Lemonhaze bumpin reasonabledoubt wit  Todd2.
then studio lock in wit
is my new favorite little girl she is a little ray of sunshine
is this some sort of sick experiment?
Did you lose a bet?
Holy crap, Mitt Romney is rich!
Never would have expected that.
We are an i library but I hate the nickel  diming.
I'm also interested in LibraryThing for Libraries' mobile catalog product.

I never allow my GirlFriends to argue with Bitches while they wit me...that make you look bad And its not Classy !
Talking to autmn and listening to a baby laugh lmaooo
Retweet to win One follower wins a 25 visa gift card.
freebie contest starbucks win We are Ant Fuel WebDesign, Development, and
Mentaly i'm done with him but physicly i want him soo ...BAD !!
Instagram  Facebook...
thoughts?
everybody needa get off Young Moneys nuts.
Actin like its tha best label and shit.
Get yo mainstream ass outta here and listen to real shit.
Dec 6th?????????
Update please
Are you get a new P.O.
Box so we can send you things when you move to Miami?
If so please tweet us it!
Thanks and good luck 3
HELLO YES, THIS IS DOG!
thank you for your comment on my works and thanks for following me.
Barnes amp; Noble Offers College Application Organizer
You can tell me stories of how hes stupid but I can tell you 1m reasons y he's the 1 4 me When I die hes the last face I want 2 c!
I luv ya
right!?!?
Every single road I use to go anywhere is torn up.
what I see as ignorance, is the fact that so many Americans bought into the fact that the 9/11 attacks were made by
That's the best kind of day.
:
RT : Schools don't fail students...students fail themselves
If Andy Samberg leaves SNL, who will do my beloved NicolasCage impression??
Will do!
Maybe I'll come scoop you up in it.
Hope all is well.
Oh...I love that idea...I'd need more orange and yellow though!
did any body watch xfactor...simon says its like a bunch of justin bieber dolls gone wrong......soooooosoooooosooooosoooo FUNNY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RT : Here's a strategy: be a human.
Post a lot when U can.
Don't when U can't.
B nice.
Don't just toot yr own horn.
/endstrategy
Fire Sherman.
3 former Avs goalies dominating playoffs.
Anderson, Elliott and Theodore.
Meanwhile they gave up their 1st rounder
nothing son jas games saturday
I hate strapless bikini's/shirts simply because it looks like it suffocates your boobs.
SUPER agitated right now..
I hate dumb ass people QOTD spoken by my
Boomer Travel Tip: Feb.
13th  Remember the location of your parked car at the airport by leaving a note in your phone or voice recorder.
I LIKE EM THICK, LIKE SOFIA VERGARA'S ACCENT
Zora Neale Hurston I want a busy life a just mind and a timely death.
Shut up big head
PeopleJamesHardenlookslike a homeless person
Our musicians still haven't shown up.
About time to bust out
I want a slice of Steve's right now!!
Bow chicka wow wow
I think it's cute ;
I'm w/ the PTA I'm looking to partner w/.
Parents are REALLY into positive relationships w/ teachers!!
around here
I am utterly confused.
I'm mad at u lol, I'm going to bed again 
Let get it started in here.
A party in here!
It's Hedo days!
Welcome Emily and all of
Raw Wow RTruth is corny now.
Like, embarrassing
My good mate Adoctoran, who I consider a brother to me.
tried to cheer me up, thanks mate ur a good brother :'
This is shaping up to be a great weekend!
I hope the Rays are ready for the Ceej.
Cause they are getting NO runs today.
And they're starting a rook.
This should be fun.
RT : GOAL!
JP Rodoctorgues scores for the Milwaukee Wave!
OMG no way.
I'm about 99 sure that you  I left for college on the same day.
10 years?
What??
Thx for coming!
Merry Christmas!
What a beautiful day to have a Business Camp
ill look like a total freak  RT : Ur going to wear a 3baya whether u like it or not
Probably not gonna go to bed until midnight.
Still smoking, still sitting in the kitchen.
And I still have to go to school in the morning.
The good girls get hurt the most
No, you didn't meet him but thank you for remembering.
What'd you think of the fight?
You watch?
Kind of excited to see what some of these players can do for the
Love  like a cat: it is still scratch you, even if you wanted to just play with it.
you are in for the slumber party this Friday, yes?
I'm glad I've learned not to think too far into things.
Miami welcomes you back!
Good goin' sport!
ThatAwkwardMoment when i just said she is so cute and he says hes a boy 00
I hate when people call for bail but don't have any money.
Independence in music and social welfare solutions is something we stand strong charity growth!
I'm a reporter for KPBS and wonder if you'd be willing to talk about your reaction to bin laden's death today  6192521693
yea man flamingo all day u?
Emmet Cohen was the last guy's name
Just tapped Anthem Apple Cider.
Despite Mpls traffic's attempts to stop me, I made it to  thru the galleries to David Zambrano performance w/1 min to spare.
happy Friday to my friends; , , , ,
Thanks, Maylene!
enjoy the rolls!
awe that's cute3
yes plz : I DM my email
Its Salsa Mondays at Dance Bethesda !!
The Fun starts at 8pm.
See you tonight!
man dawg stop
Today was great!!
From one veteran to another, thank you for your service.
Happy birthday 3
Who's excited about on June 4th at ?
Um, we are!
70 and clear skies here in Texas :
Royal Wedding?
lol what is this, the dark ages?
We have so much in common!
This day is going by so sloww
Sorry I've been gone so long!

cool stuff and a great way to co mingle all the future smart products
Really sad I'm missing this.
Whoa the line for Missoni for Target pop up is already over a block long
Everryone else is tweeting a lot so why can't I???
:D
Thank you for following!
:
Propoverty policy woo...o..o?
What city best exemplifies the spirit of Route 66?
We'd love to hear which one and why!
I am going to need all the advice I can get!
Thank you!
I am excited to explore.
yep, nice read.
Seems like a good guy.
Ok, no quotes today ...
The Family Fish Farm website should be up Wednesday, next, the 10th ...
pray for us.
good morning Bailey: ik it's like 3 in LA but its 6 in Texas.
Lol hope you have a good day
no sorry :/ it's taking a lot longer than expected to upload haha
Mike!
Any new news on the new Us album??
Soo excited!!!
My leonardo is finally going to be back in possession.

performance of Elijah.
Am digging angry, violent old testament God.
Fun and fuckin games!
Til I say other wise
Posted at tha crib bored af it's raining out here in cali
awww D Thanks!!!
Love you Lil' man!!!
KIT with me throughout the day and I'll keep u posted!!!
we still on for next weekend?!
The peace that passes all understanding is my song
Oh, Paris is smiling today!
So what's your favorite song by We Are Defiance?
Join us every Thursday for Thirsty Thursdays at The Grateful Palate.
Free wine tasting from 57 p.m .
Please RT!
Word RT : : So Mae is back again?
yawn i'll pass on that  he's the biggest scam artist to EVER do it.
Sheesh
I am cordially inviting you to Doc It Foundations event on Thursday Sep.
22 at KAVACHNINA Contemporary at 46 NW 36 St.
33132.
See you there!
The PublicInterest LawScholars program application will be available November 1st
want to F'n Puke!!
Would've loved a shot at Pats..oh well
Can't have facial hair?
i know the feeling!
I've been building my own tan back up haha
what a special day :
Accomplishing My Goals And Making My doctorams Come True 3
Will the Resistance 3 survivor pack be available for North America?
Why does the following headline sound...
inappropriate: NFL player shows off his exotic pet 
lol doctoramjob.
think we should apply together, this could be your golden ticket to the world of male modeling.
A lot of people say you should only eat food that is local and organic.
Buying from markets farther away is apparently bad for the planet.
Rome wasn't built in a day
pll A will be revealed.
psyched 
www.soundclick.com/biggcountryakabeatmonsta for inquires
I keep trying to sleep but my mind reminds me of everything going on in the world.
:/
Nose stuffy , eyes puffy , doctor mouth , headache , yup being sick is horibble .
The hardest part of packing for a trip is deciding which teas to bring.
We're going to Japan for Christmas, do we bring any tea at all?
What time are you guys going to wait for the wristband things ?
NewMexico has endured a lot of heat and wind this week!
I'll tell you what our weather looks like through NEXT Friday tonight on KOB 4!
KONY ...the only black guy who wants kids.
nick is hot ....
just saying hes bangable 
Absolutely!
I agree with Griffey that they could bypass libraries and create a subscription service.
Happy Thanksgiving!
I'm thankful for my healthy family and friends, espresso jello shots, and mashed yams.
She needs to shut up!!!!
Ugh so annoying
breakfast looks yummy!
Suck my doctorgonballs bitch call me
: I love your twitter name :D Thank you!:
Thanks for the shout out!
Did you watch the UNCDuke basketball game?
So painful to lose like that.
:
My bullet wont help nomore smh
Branding takes time.
Its something you have to work at...
I'll always support you Michael!
You're a good person  a great friend.
Hope your back gets better.
Have a great weekend.
:
lovin my Nexus S 4g...beats my old iPhone hands down!
Thanks!
I sort of dig the way one can add art, color, video, and such on G, but it's lonely over there.
you will!!
Milkshakes are the new thing : haha you know I love you!
Obviously!
That's almost the best part of the experience!
Time for bed..
Goodnight world 3
very cool!
don't you love it when students begin to own their learning?
The death penalty: Killing people that kill people to show people that killing people is wrong.
BIG Contradiction
Congrats to for winning male singer and justin getting slimed was the best thing ever :
Please Follow and subscribe to us on keek.
333 TheMahomies3
I'm a Hombre Lobo :o  i am vampira
I justify my own fines w/ more new books for the pub library!
RT : I just paid 20.00 in overdue fines.
I'm a bad librarian.
how goes your weekend?
Some love lasts a lifetime.
True love lasts forever.
Not a problem over here.
RT : Loool, sorry, got excited over books.
Well, excuse me.
:D
MKG on the bench RT : How is Louisville down only six?
Off to Baltimore to visit Ft.
McHenry  spend time in inner harbor area.
Kids asked to watch Legally Blonde 2 on bus but forgot
they should be called Gillianaires.
Humiliation, they name is
Not quite.
I'm in Patisserie Valerie eating an almond tart, moments after bumping into a convicted criminal.
Sounds like a plan!
Preshow pizza!
I am thinking of making my old hometown my next vacation destination.
THANK U
You need therapy....really...
GET HELP
Cats be trying TOO hard to be smart...lol
yep.
We spoke this morning for The New Thing Network.
Jud speaks tomorrow afternoon.
Can't wait to see you!!
This.
Is.
Great.
Destroyed 30 wings today at buds between  I.
It twas a good lunch to say the least!
Top of the mornin to the rest of you twatters out there; and happy Friday !
:
I normally am too.
Hoping to pick up produce tomoorow morning
ANYONE know how to say handstand pushups and overhead lunges in Spanish?
I expect you to be in Portland this weekend?
Conner just got home  im sorry its a school night
2nd cup of coffee time!
Let the snarky comments begin: RT iPadis it as good on my heavy days as it is on my light days?
I don't give a shit what happens off the field.
Id let Charlie Sheen be head coach if he was winning us bowl games.
With compliments like that you get free wax job!
Romney tends to TALK when he's lying.
RT : Romney tends to laugh when he's lying.
Good to know when watching the debates.
good one fcker...antivirus software right?
It sounds like Wilpon had a few bourbons before making critical comments about his own Mets players.
df11 is for the doctoramforce Cloud Computing at Moscone, see tweet below to get a ticket.
Last year was informative.
Connect with others!
www.knowledgesafari.com Write reviews!
Join us!
No abstracts.
Situational Irony: Reading The Turn of the Screw while trying to turn a screw.
ohhhhhkay Chump!!
It ain't over til it's over!
See you in Delray bro lol
The girl from Colombiana is bad as fuck..
what up
Do I keep following Rick Ross on Instagram now that every picture is of ugly Reebok sneakers?!
what happened to ma real niggas looked up and they was gone
can't go wrong either way  classic aviators are the 'ish.
Into VW's?
FireHouse CustomZ will begin a couple old Beetle Restos!
Morris Claiborne looks nice.
True?
Tebow haters stop raising the bar...at 1st they said he couldn't play at all...then he couldn't win...now it's he can't win Superbowl.
I will tweet my way to mastering complex 140 character statements.
Cooking channel : great recipes for quick and easy meals.
alton brown
how about you guys wear the doctorsses after and I are done with them.
the creepiest part about it is you found me..
haha
Someone very nice?
The way I am it's all my fault
no problem :
: Just rolled in with for an concert at the palladium!!
You like .???
Marry me.
THEIR LITTLE KIDS ARE SO CUTE OMG
I think its hot
Losing isn't an opinion...
Follow NewGroutNow on twitter.
See how they help Ronald McDonald House Charities w/ clean and green tile/grout/antimicrobial services.
Who loves the cow?
Giving free hugs today.
NYC Midtown.
Can you provide an email addoctorss for me.
Ive tried contacting one of your writers about out dishcrawl event.
Email was inactive.
thingsIgottateachmy son: to respect all women, no exceptions.
no it most certainly is not
Brendan Schatski, sophomore from University of Pittsburgh, is biracial, bilingual, bicultural, having an American father and a Thai mother!
From now on, I'm only fucking with people who keep that shit 3 Hunna.
Nothing less
Happy mothers day ma nigguuh!!
I've never heard you chew before c: but some people do it all ugly.
The doctorms are playing tonight!
Just arrived home.
Great film crew  Paul from NY, Petr from Prague, and Jonas from Amsterdam!
protagonist of MY life .
.
antagonist of YOUR life .
My cat thinks it's play time.
I think it's indexing time.
hey handsome hope you are well!
lol.
just saw a little kid palying wit a gameboy advance !
RT : DALLARA SAYS GREEK BANKING SYSTEM WOULD COLLAPSE ON EURO EXIT.
Remember this quote in 1 month
Welcome to day 12 of doctorpa Visit Xerox hall 8b if you want to focus on what matters most  we'd love to help you
STAY LAUGHING AT THESE DUCK ASS HOES!!!!!!!!!!
then send it to him!
i find it hard to explain how i do my hair, i just do it, if there is a certain way i wanna dye it or cut it then i do it, nothing to it.
Listened to the whole 1D album today in us history....
:
Bargain Hunters Take Note: Insider ClusterBuying At MXWL
I'm so over people.
Shit is pointless.
It's all pretty entertaining though.
Lololol.
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend.
A successful woman is one who can find such a man.
Lana Turner
She was chillin lookin hot in her bead smokin pot.
And I kept my distance, I was the good boy.
love is in the air....
FALSE.
nitrogen, oxygen, argon and carbon dioxide are in the air.
Goodnight yo?
Really?
Did I really just get goodnight yo?
Changing the CTC could affect 5.5 million kids.
Terrible affect on levels of poverty.
:3 RT : Virgos like perfection, though they are not perfect .
They are the closest thing that you'll get to it .

thanks for the mention this morning!
leftovers are great lunches.
Here we goHonduras 2012 is underway!
Prayer and fundoctorising starts now!!
Has anyone signed up for the savings club on coupons.com?
Wondering if it is worth the money.
Linux Mint 12 installed on the new cheap netbook.
Let the games begin.
RT if you love Thomas Miceli c: OUR BOYZ ARE FLAWLESS.
Thanks OHCircuitRider for the global video of Stand By Me, it was great!
Sometimes I call my dog Dugatha Christie.
Is that gay?
I have been well.
Thanks
Sure thing!
Looking forward to it.
:
great moods are always good!
ha
phew!
we're not the only ones...
RT My hair is still wet from the shower I took at 8 this morning.
very cool.
What book?
I hear a bad joke in there?
Wear white for women's rights.
Sounds like some setup for a wet time in a bar.
Bad choice of color.
12 students showed up for John Brown's trial.
Ah the power of extra credit!
Life is not about getting through the storms, but about dancing in the rain
told Dot Jones 2 her face.
Emmy winning performance on Glee 2 nite  Academy Screening.
Awesome 's  Michelle Nailed it!
all of your food pictures is making me hungry : How much for the bike?
I'll be in Rome and Milan for the White Milano Fashion Trade Show, do you work with anyone in Milan?
Let's get this party started!!!
W/ 
Aw!
I like John Mangin.
And I wish you were here for SXSW.

He is getting close, He could make a huge difference it he mentions or supports the amendment to get money out of politics.
Are these the same refs that called SyracuseAshville?
It's called a simple pull up from 57 ft.
Jus got 3 packages from The School of Law: Ohio State Moritz, CSUClevelandMarshall,  U of Dayton.
Not ready to open those...
How the hell Rite Aid gonna be out of Doritos!
I'm gonna shoot a bitch
Lol funny when your ex want's you back.
They actually realized what they had.
Feels like Florida already...
3 days!
Painting a ceiling tile.
Needs to go back to bed :
God help me triumph over my enemies with large amounts of wealth and happiness
Awww, so cute!
nisoEbook vendor and platform providers panel discussion inc reps from ebrary, EBSCO, EBL, Ingram, and Books at JSTOR
hey girl !
are you serious?
Any man can win when things go his way, it's the man who overcomes adversity that is the true champion.
Jock Ewing
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES c:
SPRING BREAK!!
a rooster is the perfect alarm clock except when it comes to the turning the alarm off.
Who'd going to watch wall to wall English league soccer today?
Not me.
What time y'all gonna be there til?
Got 6 hungry locals!
That could only be a DC quote.
Warning to the CUSA/NCAA is about to be FREE and do his thing.
I have officially rump to bring a junior next year
are you sure you can handle it?
J/K
OH MY GOD WHAT MY SISTER JUST SAID IM SERIOUSLY ABOUT TO DIE OF LAUGHTER.
lol I'd rather have T.Swift and Miley though
hopefully in an hour or so bro...what's up?
Reading Calloway's New Worlds for All and I cannot help but wonder how a glorified litreview made it on my quals list...
I like you too and you really need the virtue of patience that is all
Cheers, thanks for joining us!
RT : Enjoying pregame meal 's in The Ritz.
yeah...
frank mccourt is totally on top of it
he said i told him it would be easy
Eric Mill, SunlightFoundation now has formal program to assist foreign governments that want to be transparent.
thanks for saying you love us we love our followers and would do anything to make them happy
Mom's on a date..
and i'm jealous.
I did go through the steps.
Since I had a picture and was just unable to get the guide, the rep stopped there.
Good thing I didn't go with you!
haha
Don't forget about the meet up tomorrow at 3pm on Newbury st.
at Jack Wills.
Hope to see ya there!
.xx
Waiting for my sister !!!
Hurry up lol
I'm so going to need coffee tomorrow morning lol :p But that's ok.
It's totally worth it.
We've been waiting for 9 months, so yeah.
;D
at least you're still better than Bieber.
lol.
Need help splitting frequenciess :/
always the hard way.
So excited for premiere week!
Can't wait to get home and watch some good TV...
I ain't settling for anything less than everything.
3
Is it not?
They look at it like a challenge: Actually never....now that I think about it.
This is the first time it's ever been like
you too!
oh wow.
Well that's...wow.
I am surprised.
Thought you were all gungho about getting a job.
Why do bachelors like smart women?
Opposites attract.
I did it can u help thank u
Wah!
It's it even really been winter yet!
Bye bye Bloomberg TV
No one wants advice, only corroboration.
John Steinbeck
GB Fumble!!!
Let's capitalize ATL...
Wow, took long enough RT : Fox Sports partnering with Fuel TV will carry one live event each month.
Riding to Nap with the homie ..
On
nice presentation Bruce, thanks!
awesome.
demos his hack of a on DPLA data
Great professorssion u have
parkgate weather for you
we should chat later.
Also get some sleep :
Seeing The Avengers in 3D because 3D was our only option.
Was it shot in 3D?
Hope so.
I think we're in it for the fun of singing and it makes little diff who's around to hear it.
And also we can keep some of the songs.
Welcome to the Twitterverse!
TyLawson  JohnWall The 2 Fastest Players In The NBA Them Boys Run Like Jets 2 Young Future ALLSTARS
What is going on why is everyone messing with you.??
Our Dane County Board unanimously approved medicinal Marijuana  Madison Wi.
Check out OnlineRehabClinic.com.
can you stop mentioning me in ur tweets?
Thanks!
Just saw Cried during most of it.
And couldn't help but think Zac Efron pulled some HSM moves
Thanks Brian!
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny.
If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
feeling less foxy these days, twitter handle changed to something I won't feel awkward saying at a poker table.
Yeah.
Anyway how are ya?
It's Jenny btw XD
Thanks!
We appreciate your support :
sorry to hear....
no no wait, I'm not.
HAHAHA
OK.
800 words today.
That is the goal for my book.
Rewriting chapter two and fleshing it out.
Oh, the agony!
What word did you play to do that?
Whatever it was, it should always be kept in mind!
Me and on the same page, these fools pooooo.
NICNOS TONIGHT 811  rounding out our great weekend of music at Whiskey Chicks!
You know what it's alright b/c my boo probably has fed exed me a new pair of shoes!
love him!
you NEVER need it, yet you ALWAYS do...
Join us Tuesday at SNHU for Iron Design Event  NHCC's signature annual design competition.
Come see how the sausage is made as you wat
Fckn phone was dead..
Hey!
We're up early!
Why not start the day together?
Might I suggest our 2?
Two Eggs, Roast Beef or Italian Hash,  Toast!
It's delish!
getting close to locking in a 3 refinance after our talk/final push.
remind me to fetch you guys dinner btn omegaevents.
hey you guys go like DJ IceCold Of ColumbusGA fan page for me
This is one of the best Saturday afternoons I've had in a long time
Aww quit crying
hey ur coming over tomorrow !!!!!!
i cleaned my room lol
thank you for the retweet.
Marquette come out and make your Monday Gyrotastic by stopping by our cart in front of Raynor for lunch!
You're a runner too?
Are you training for anything?
thanks for the mentions!
I have a weird fascination for FUNs We Are Young music video
great job today enjoyed your coverage.they are on fox this year
oh aight.
you gone hoop for the army?
Goodnight to all of you!!
I and Jesus loves u all!!!
Remember to keep Japan in your thoughts and prayers.
I usually tell mom to get her ass in the kitchen and make me food like shes meant to but today I'll have to make her food..
Omg there are legit tears streaming down my face!
Gahhhh this movie always breaks me down dammit
you'll be waiting for a long time lmao:

good one Veezy
OH MY GOD.
KillMeNow Hahahaha awkward.....awkward...awkward.
Hahahahaha
I Love Taylor swift!!!
do it!
RT parklife people surprise me!
Ignore the weather/daylight savings laziness  come early!
I'm on at 1:15pm
Thank you!
Thanks to DDB, Page TVI and Sasquanaut for another great show at Wong's, back to the studio we go!
watchin Florence  the Machine stream on Youtube.
lookssounds awesome!
Thx for the midnight soundtrack to work to.
Wine and Special K for dinner.
What?
my mom seen you on RHOA reunion and thought u were so cute, who is that.
I had to let her down easy, tell her you were gay :
Wow, my NATURAL gorgeous hair just hit 27.55 inches!!
No weave needed here!!
3 BEING REAL!!!
Working on a preso about innovation.
Question for my TB's, what traits do innovators have?
Thanks!
Tons of people playin' on our comps!
Need some more people for Halo Reach!
Come join the fun!
i think sundaaayyy im not sure what timee
new banger doctorps today tweet burghorlandoami and help us trend!
I miss my doggy :
these plim sole shoes are slippery, plim is a funny word
its cause yolo
RT Thanks!
Happy
What did just now to cheer me up 
did you guys hire me yet?
;
yeah and he's going to Miami, maybe you guys can get Tebow
I always get embarrassed for goofballs who try to rock the national anthem.
Is anyone else's power out in Derby?
As soon as I got to your site, two ads started talking at the same time.
I left in a hurry.
couldn't agree more
Good Friday morning!
Finally....
G: This book I'm editing uses the word  a lot.
K: Don't tweet that.
True.
When is that announcement?
RT : next year the games will be on CBS.
Won't be a problem.
GoBlues regardless.
Thanks Nikki!
I appreciate all and any support.
:
I need someone to go hatting with, you wanna help me out with that problem???
:
pretty bad.
Do you have any good pointers?
can u send me the link to boyfriend plz?
dinosaurs still rule this world
did you hear him say that blackpower bull??!!
Dont miss the first day of Bags, Baubles  Ballgowns tommorrow at !
This event is hosted by Angel Charity  admission is 10
Something smells like umm.
Pizza.
Just put my vote in my dude...Dope material...Definetly one of the best producing in the game homie.
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be, and help them become what they are capable of being.
Goethe
Well said!
We are a country of headline readers 
I love you like a love song;
hugs you tight Ey Mate!!!!!
in an aussie accent
Ryan, LLC is currently hiring Tax Compliance professorssionals in Atlanta, GA and Downers Grove, IL.
Please visit our website and apply today!
:D get psyched, because I am almost finished with a cover of what's my age again.
I know, different band haha.
Are your parents retarded, 'cause you sure are special.
we have too many twitter names!!
hahahaha I kno!
Lol my plan is to be outta the house for as long as possible, fucking shit up
bretbaier If you become President will be bought off/influenced by the military industrial complex?
Wouldn't it be fucked up if Steve Austin was lactose intolerant and they called him Cold Stone Steve Austin instead?
Check Out our Ultimate 1/2 Price Bottles of Wine and 4 Jeremiah Weed on Wednesdays!
Feel a lil better cnt wait to kick it wit sis tonite at dinner
Our publication dedicated to simple knowhow marketing principles will be available as an ebook on July 19th.
Chad's first pick for the morning in the shower is Time to Pretend.
guess he needs a pep talk.
I'm so not going to get done what I need to get done tonight.
Is it because you're on Crying Baby Airlines, a Subsidiary of Bitchy Attendant Air?
Off to Lisa's for an afternoon of cleaning.
Hey im following both of y'all but no one DM'ed anyone....
I read about that on a website..
LOVED your musical piece this morning!
It made my day and had me laughing on the way to work.
9:31am and I am OVER this day.
How's your Wednesday?
10FactsAboutMe 5 I surround myself with beautiful people.
Not only the pretty or nice but the whole package.
I decide what's beautiful.
We're not even together but I'm diggin him that much..
:
Love is a losing game
Bahahahahaha so true!
You, Sir, are on.
Authors on twitter great!
Now if only I could get to respond to a couple of questions about his work.
oats, almonds, raisins, maple syrup, butter, 350 for 12 min intervals until golden.
can use other nuts or fruit.
Me too.
And Saturday as well haha.
Haha MT : I'll be shaking hands w business people in front of a globe 2day if any stock photographers want 2 make some easy cash.
I'll be there by 9AM!
Darn it, I really meant 1 lot not 10.
Maybe I shoud reduce the leverage to 10:1 ?
Ugh early day tomorrow and I was tired all day why can't I fall asleep...
man this stream sucks.
freakin weather.
i just want to see a clean last 5 minutes.
Cus your ah joke.
correct.
It also means you're not a type A anal creep : it means you're pretty cool.
Well done!
Getting a new suit.
No budget.
Obviously need you.
Can we blame HABC for trying?
maybe...
that's where the teen mom girl with the twin is from!
haha Maybe she was there...
Why did you have to tell me that..
i want twitter sx with u
My tape has sent.
It's the first one I ever made.
Hope you enjoy.
Thanks:
Always strive to get ahead but never infringe upon the rights of others.
Hey it was great to see you again.If you like Chai, we have a great Apple Spiced Chai too.See you soon
I WASTED MY MONEY YESTERDAY AND NOW I CAN'T BUY THE MAGAZINES THAT JUSTINS IN OMFG SHOOT ME.
I keep getting force closed errors on Friendcaster tablet beta.
Any news on when a new build might be out or a release date?
that lil boy couldnt be baptized!
the water boiled away before he could get put in it!
mwahahaha!
Come visit man!
RT : That's why you are loved Cubby, the door is always open.
Hope you are keeping well?
RT : Tune in tomorrow at 8:30am 4 all the SAN DIEGO black Friday deals from on
Hey bros thanks for wondering if I survived last night.
I did btw freerides where can I find yall?
Ed named Coached Inc.
Mag Ent of Year, has developed an extensive rolodex of national  int'l resources to solve  accelerate businesses.
Im always looking for suggestions.
Facebook sucks cuz I have to deal with people I know smh
Happy Easter everyone!
MeFact I have an OBSESSION with Hello Kitty!:Kelly
I know right we are TeamVIOLA.
WE ROCK
I thought it was an intriguing hypothesis.
;
Too many people see it as a business and want to cut corners with art and setup...
haha so true!
I have to go so I will talk later !
tell your friends I miss them please C:
Oh yeah baby!
BOB was outstanding.
God is interested not only in saving us, but also in helping us in our daily activities.
What A God We Serve!
fridayreads Sleeping Murder by Agatha Christie
You know who our hero is?
that's who.
thanks for the follow!
Hearts shooting out of my eyeballs for Once: The Musical.
So glad this was my firstever Broadway show; I'll never forget it.
Not classy.
Lest ye forget the 1 rule of overindulgence: Hydoctortion Is The Key!
face palm
Homemade northstar Buddha bowl for dinner.
M :
we were planning on going to samurai but it was packed af !
wrong day to go to a reastaurantt
Parking ramps at MOA really full, so is overflow.
MOA suggesting light rail.
a delicious, magical animal
Guess I'm going to bed early ...
Thursday 26 August 2010 is Women's Equality Day: how will you observe it?
How should anyone?
www.FemaleEqualityMatters.com
Um...heck yeah!
thank you brother
I'm going to just enjoy this game 4the sake of NBA  hope 2 teams I don't care 4 beat the shit out of each other!
GoWhoEver!!
lol
I think I just juiced a guava?
Is that what that was ?
Breakfast, knitting meditation and then um maybe go somewhere....
Wow, really wanna go to chruch but am very sleepy.
um, what kind of crappy bar is this?
it's too bad I'm not there.
i carry boom box with me everywhere i go.
granted, i don't know the context, but i can't say i'd entirely agree with that...
There is nothing more beautiful than a Welsh woman adorned with Welsh gold jewelery
doctorve safe I hear there's fugitive dust in the area!
If you have an oovoo,, keep trying to talk to this girl  StephLovesYou97 GO!
Bother heerr xD
i livee in AMERICA.
You would lovee it so much its amazayn!!!!:
Cracker Barrel: The Starbucks of the South?
Discuss
LOL u guys know I'm kidding right?
thanks so much : I'm so glad my music means something to u.
Double whammy, humor and satire!
Happy birthday, MarkTwain and JonathanSwift!
ugghh nobody's coming this year!
I've always wanted a pet rat.
Another word that describes what I feel..
Pain.
Too bad garnett hit that three
If SC hadn't IBB Adams then Wingo's play is safe w/ no force at plate and game over..great gamble Coach Tanner!
I just arm wrestled a stranger and won.
Calling out all single people to come get your Valentines date at Toc Bar tonight...ladies free if u wear red..I'm looing for my Valentines.
Well last night was crazy
Super jealous!
your really pretty justsayin :
Sports is at its peak.
NHL playoffs, NBA playoffs, NFL doctorft, MLB season.
When is there time to rest?
What are we going to do today?
You're welcome.
Who says there's nothing to do in ABQ?
;
I love that her coworkers donated the time.
best album ever recorded.
yea i like the doctorID 4..the screen is just too small
makrs me glad i live in portland, oregon.
Out here, its so diverse we almost take it for granted sometimes.
This kid looks exactly like Oscar ....
I can't get over it ....
Best game ever for a first baseman that went 08 with 5 k's!
Nice!
Sounds like a perfect day.
Have fun!
:
thank you so much!
awe thts so sweet!
Happy b day love
bored out of my mind
Cookies, Brownies, Cake pops, Carmel Corn, Cheesecake, Banana nut bread, Carmels  Peanut Butter Cups are just a few of our Yummy lineup!
And look how nicely our items fit!
RT You haven't lived until you've seen negotiate a rental car
Stay With Me, Let's Just Breathe.
The best thing that happens after a day of frustration  a walk with my boys and cooking soup with George Michael dance tracks.
more birds in atlanta.
just throwing it out there.
Do girls think its cute to walk like they have to take a shit or something?
Idk man, makes me wanna open a bathroom for you..
Saw it.
So awesome.
RT : Totally RT : I am consumed by need to see Philip Seymour Hoffman in Death of a Salesman.
chid480f talking about 'acceptable' roles in culture, what about people who spend 'too much' time on their computers?
When some one takes your lyric posting literrally.
SHUT.
The fuck.
up.
Vols hoops vs.
Auburn  ESPN2 at 6 pm ET  Go Big Orange!
get your tail HEREISH
Boo there is a hippo in your ass!
Summer is here, it's time to start some real trouble.
I'm up n shxt, but I haven't moved an inch.
RT A member of the church passed away this morning.
So sad : RIP Lovetta.
Enjoy Christ's loving embrace.
In the editing bay today.
NBA 3 Point Contest starts in minutes, dunk contest to follow.
doctornk specials during NBA festivities.
Then we will be open til 2am.
I need to make sure checks these and we can discuss forming the Air Max Secret Society where all we ask is freshness
A strong woman wears the look of confidence on her face...
but a woman of strength wears grace.
Seriously, this weekend was the best mini vacation I've had.
3 so fun and so relaxing : its gonna be hard to top.
Is tweeting.
So there.
ok sweet man
Looking forward to Friday!
HungerGames here I come
WAP women in Albany today advocating for the DVSJA Bill.
See you tonight at the Elks!
630 for FCXXI, dinner at 7, show at 8
Hmm, I'm gonna run this idea past the board!
RT:Will and will make a wager on Sunday's Big Game
text me
At thd Smart CEO Volt Awards as finalists!
Terrible nose bleed; doctor air up here; my bathroom looks like the Simpson crime scene.
Ok....that was classless.
Thanks for the follow!
We love dogs  political junkies, which makes you just abou perfect!
Glad y'all had such a great time!
Maybe y'all could wind down the evening in the Perch?
Hello Hello , Hello , Hello Let me get that info Show you what I mean
Anything men can do...
Women can do better....ahhhhhaa
Miss Scarlet!
NYC is cool.
Not as good as London though.
Although stuffs cheaper.
Welcome to Kansas City!
We are very excited to see you tonight!
I signed up its only 7 but 50 isn't bad
Trapped Again ...
But Its Kool.
Movie Night With My Cuzzos!!
TheAvengers :
: nice.
How'd do last night.
I told him not to fuck it up.
Excellent
I go to bed good night everyone
No credit, no problem!
Top 5 Coming Soon......
Someone asked, so I will share.
Just ran into a UW alum at the bar.
I was wrong about spring break...looks like it will be a fun night.
So alarm tones to those people who might think this is going to be used to bring people down by using alarm tones...
that movie was Jesus!!
really!!
Are you going all morning long?
WE should talk about it.
know some folks who would help think it through, possibly make it happen.
There are smart republicans!
babe..
I love you.
Goodnight : sweetdoctorams
Because she wore arm warmers, she was so warm after she swam through the shawarma swarm
or not stopping 3rd down ever.
Sweet call on 4th and 2 there as well.
Deep to a smurf  I am speechless.
Hawks killing themselves
I hope the rock hall tells him they don't need his permission to induct anyone, including him
I'm gonna ask after practice if they are engaged.
Lolol
Heart beats harder, time escapes me 
A big thanks to for sponsoring our recent event in Tallahassee.
Tonight, an autumn plate: Flounder with cider braised delicata squash from Sauvie Island Organics, parsnips and brown butter.
Happy mama day stay bless
Go big or go home.
Because it's true.
What do you have to lose?
Eliza Dushku
Watching Laughing Man at lightboxdc.
Get down here people!
This artfest in Anacostia is AWESOME.
SASSY EVENING BAG
support the coastguard cause
that's what I need...
lol totally!
bandaids when stitches are needed
LetterThree provides customizable solutionbased training for your coaches.
Visit us online at letterthree.net.
Sports writing for leagues is about controlling the message.
Now the media also wants to control the message 
: Tampa taco bus : I'm so jealous!!!
That place is the best!
With entire team of 's US Programs for 1st all staff conf in 5 yrs.
Proud to work with such a talented  dedicated group!
I'm here because of you...
for you...
honestytime but now I'm questioning why.
lmao.
Thats gon be chump change soon enough..
congrats on the job!!
how long are you in Houston for?
This is more reserved for a text but I feel we have such an awesome twitter relationship
Oh!
I forgot...
Brewers
You may not like where you working but it's a job.
Stay there till you can do better.
How could you walk down State St today and consider living anywhere else?
deal.
rendezvous via '' in the am.
Out of the 1,090.
I made a hero call, got there on the turn, then he got there on the riv.
Then shoved 14bb utg w 77 sb called w A10.
GG me
lol!
So true!!
Come to the Little Art Gallery from 26 today to see work from local artists Larry Favorite, Janet Harrell  Geoff Lloyd!
pssh I'll try gotta be at work at 10 and ain't been 2 sleep yet...lol
I hate when people make new friends and change completely..
Ravens Nation Stand Up!!!
thanks for playing my masterbation soundtrack.
You go peter
I don't have the newtwitter , but then again , I don't have a computer to actually get on the computer .
Go figure .
Woop!
officially excited
Nice!
We have a Vallartas next door to our office...
that can be dangerous!
Enjoy!
about to start my work......
i MAY have just been lame enough to get a little choked up during the new Khloe  Lamar.....hm
Sweet!
I would only need a copy if a Weight Watchers/weight loss commercial's there.
Otherwise, I have what I need.
Thanks!
is so great.
We've got it all.
The best part?
Mainers are SO VERY NICE.
Planting ground covers,shrubs  lawns reduces heat reflected from the ground onto walls  windows for a cooler indoors  more energy savings
im like watching EVERYTHING.
A.L.Y.S.S.A..3
SAY IT WIT YA CHEST!
I keep forgetting that it's winter.
Oh wait...
Just got an update that you can get a free travel kit of Azap Skincare!
All you have to pay for is the 5 shipping and handling
so cute in a way to watch my newly single roomie leering at practically every female hooman we pass
the sex cannon is back!
40 famlies evacuted in Turner, mayor says.
Town cut off by flooding.
More evacuations underway.
Keep going You can do it!
/cc
when you coming home?
:c
Catching up on Tosh.0!
Love this show!
What DID you do on your day off?!
RT : my dear friend helped nurse me back to health!
Just made avacado pasta...not a good idea.
If you see the link on Pinterest don't do it!
secondsupper ?
You earned a rare favorite/retweet for that one.
Well done.
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
18 to 9 ...
so far : Hernandez hits a grand slam in the 7th : Lets go, Rockies!
My momma said fuck it niggah hit the streets and live.
the ghetto one?
Lol
Who's gonna do it, you?
You Lt.
Weinberg?
the group can make a collective decision to elevate an individual to leadership.
Thus leaders lead.
This is called democracy.
Thanks Maggie for the tip.
Went to sleep last night, I heard the Lakers won, that's wsup
Really like so far.
Nice to to be able to say where I'm going before checking in with
Monty Python  the Holy Grail  Al Ringling Theater, Baraboo, Sat.
p.m., Sun.
matinee.
Bring your own coconuts!
Just one bottle of vitaminwater provides a full day's supply of unnecessary and gullible.
Also, electrolytes.
Waiting for to leave work.
the thing about the whatevs tweet I saw a while back and retweeted The baseball thing was just coming from a baseball player
Thanks for the insight...will def follow Evan
Skyped with someone for two hours last night!
Still not the same, would rather see her in person
Gotta get my mojo back, my last shoot was in April.
It's bout that time...
so much studying to do, yet it is so nice outside
your from west fucking omaha, not close to compton..
Shiller If you are moved by WallSt what should you do?
Get into finance and FIX IT
Remember to wear your safety helmets kids.
I am recovering from a nasty bike accidentconcussion, stitches, contusion, ouch.
Is he related to doctorw, starting pitcher for the Rockies?
Our pleasure!
Hope you can attend our March 3 events!
Its crazy that I have to punish for something that happened 2 days ago because his father couldn't ...wtf
thanks markey its ok maybe next time :
OK the doggie video made me laugh.
Can you please stop now??
I fear for your career and reputation.
Has that fuckin douche that Hannah bangs on Girls worn a shirt once?
as a dc resident which senator should I tweet for a compromise ?
Oh that's right, we don't have a senator.
I think I'm going with 1d because they are around my age...
But the guy from the wanted with the white tee was cute
got a letter from the credit card company.
New penalty APR is 30, if payment missed.
Loan Shark?
I meant to go back to NO ....
Mixing CD and typing tweets don't go together
Thought for the day: If the professorssional is not making money, then they are making no cents......
R.I.P Donna Summers...This so sad
After a 40year career, Greater Media/Boston Market Manager Tom Baker is retiring in the next few weeks.
The industry'll miss you, Tom!
Kari Anderson, Miss Nevada International is at the office today prepping w/ to talk Take a stand lend a hand against bullying
as someone who is 2 years older: it won't be fine: it will be awesome.
this is the yr where it starts getting easier.
really.
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO?
Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times.
DO IT!
Please!!
4
LOL.
mannfans RT : Just saw backstage at that a rabbit on his belt??
Yes lucky sob can't wait to see it
Even though we never win the actual quiz, our team name winning percentage is off the charts
thankyou for following me everyone !!!!
...I feel like everyone I follow from ptown...had a shitty night last night.
ain't that the truth.
actually really considering missing track tomorrow morning....
Welcome and I am now following!
Bad day turned good night turned shitty night.
Well if I can't watch nationals, Yankees/Rangers isn't too bad.
Just got tipped big for smiling, didnt have to do one damn thing!
hahaha
just did againn
Go to www.miracle16.com and check out the video on the site and comment!
Did you click the Request a Demo button?
That's the quickest way to reserve.
And where's the blog post abt us?
Triple Rondo!!!
GARMENT OF SHADOWS  Mary Russell on Edelweiss!!!
Up bout to shower and see wut time wemake it to the theme park today.
We forever late
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
u got to get up in 2 hours..
Feel like a fat BITCH who ain't ate all day gimme that Chicken extra spicy Wish I could go over my moms house her curry chicken be like LOVE
I don't judge.
Anytime!
RT : I've been meaning to talk with you about that...
HappyMothersDay to all of you amazing fabulous Moms!
One of the toughest yet most rewarding jobs ever!
Cheers to you!
Thx for mention
Great morning for the 14th  U farmers market!
Can't wait to snack on my turtle bars from
thank you!
HD still doesn't make Wolf's rag arm look any better.
I like sleeping in class, it's fun.
where u at
THIS is how to end a somewhat crappy week.
Great news in ALL CAPS!!
RT : I HAVE FINISHED MY RECORD.
Super food at souper jenny's super secret food truck extravanganza!
Today sucks.
No worries!
Hey Coop....
I Love the relationship I see you having with your Mom.
I LOVE my Mom!!!!!!
Happy Super Special Moms Day!!!
I'll hit you on LinkedIn as soon as I get over my grief about Steve Jobs.
I posted on Facebook about a moment of silence.
Fuck this game for real tho
jajjaja...so u r saying i should move to mexico?
LOL
can you provide an example of how he has proved his competence?
We specialize in threshold residential deliveries up to White Glove installation.
Call our sales department to learn more 3129972850
Now I crave Kielbasa and Spicy Shrimp Ramen Noodles...
With ketchup!
join us tomorrow at we'll have dog gelato for the pups
i missed you today:
: thx for the AM chat!
I was a bit flat!
It is the morning, after all LoL!
Blessed Good Friday to you, my sister.
You are pr ...
lol!!!..all I can think when I saw Silvy and the cake, was American Pie!!!
Hahaha....
You're the best !!
Freedom Outreach Seattle's 1st Year BDay!: Thanks for supporting us on our journey, and of course....
Happy NewYear every one!
You guys are just being silly.
Thanks for the FF shout out!
the countdown is on for 1/2way to st pats day bash we have a u2 tribute band booked!!!
I feel like one of the Billy Joe's should be playing QB in this game.
Cade McNown is playing for KC today
When a kid turns 1 years old, I believe we have the right to punch them in the throat or stomach.
Long live Bernie Mac
Happy Easter from The Data Vault Hope everyone is having a Good Friday and great Easter weekend!
haha : who were you with?
remind me....
I forgot to mention inschool book signings!!
I'll talk abt it even though we're over time...
it'll be in the transcript...
OMG YOU OK
Looking forward to this weekend, who's got plans?
is working on her digital history project!
: Strongly Approve: 24.
Strongly Disapprove: 41.
Approval Index: 17...
Total Approval: 46 BOTH thumbs UP
lol I am sure we can...
Man I don't mind waking up in my own bed for atleast 1 week!
Dammit!
hahahah rigght we mite wanna figure that out!
And there 250.
I say we go to the mall and sy we met through mutual friends!
crazy right?
Thank you so much for the overly generous gift.
It was delicious.
You are an amazing company that I will always recommend.
I was sleeporganizing last night
Control yourself,or someone else will control YOU..
Back at you from across the pond!
RT :
dance off
Need a few ideas to plan your next great vacation?
Paul preps for his next trip abroad at the Travel  Adventure Show, Sun  6:30pm
: The MCDM booth has been so popular that we're almost out of brochures!
People want an education in digital!
Wait!
Did you hear that?
My bed, NKOTB blankie and tylonol are calling my name!
Gotta run!
They get mad if I don't come right away!
My love is like a star.
3
Sore as fuck from yesterday
Repubs running on tax breaks for the 1costly to their chances of winning.
Running against contraceptionpriceless.
I keep doctoraming you'll be with me and you'll never go.
Stop breathing if I don't see you anymore.
: !!!!
Yo...
I need you to pay off ABC and pick up scandal we need 54 uninterrupted minutes of this show.
...rather than sorcerer's...
...
Robin Morgan wondered if genuine feminism can be said to decline in direct proportion to the  of 'male feminists' around.
I would like if your doctoram came true in real life :
ouch that hurt.
During an interview today, a cardinal crashed into the sliding glass door.
I felt bad.
it's hot.
I'm hot.
We hot.
It's sleek design w my sleek design will turn heads as we flash by.
can't get to the design section of my account settings.
Just FYI :
Got it!
I'm tryna dowload now...
she is an ugly duck who is pretty as fuck .
making sex lot doesnt make her a slut
twits what it does?
You knw when u walk in a room and forget y u went in there?
Thas God playin sims, he just canceled yo action.
Rich can i still use that credit?
I need something done ASAP.
Shoot me a call
thanks for the RT!
I got smart fast, I just stopped listening to the words that come out of your mouth
As soon as this download completes I will be the proud owner of Adobe Creative Suite 5.5.
Cheers to THAT
Thanks for a great conference.
Got some really useful insights!
: It's been a long time coming....a long time coming!!!
Rap Game Money now!
Fully agree.
Demeaning both to the subject and the object in a gratuitiously trivial way
: STL is St.
Loius.
Anyone living there knows that.
Hoping to get a dog after the move.
What are your favorite bigger breeds  why?!
so what do you think will be the hot topic tonight?
LOL
: I hope to join WHYiGIVE.
What an awesome idea!
Will u plz do another cover on YouTube?
You're voice is just pure perfection, I'd love to hear more of it.
Love u always
bakin' butterbeer cupcakes for the deathly hallows midnight showing tomorrow night!
Sick in the Poconos w my boo post toughmudder playin charades!
she dat hard body female that im glad i got to kno
no it doesn't.
Its about the Arab Spring.
Its part of an essay contest OSU is doing with a local UN org and the local Islamic center.
Teen births hit new low as pregnancy prevention programs pay off
I think should switch marketing strategies for cis2011 to feature a 3 round fight of wit with and
Movie flaw: in Wedding Crashers, Owen Wilson and V.
Vaughn are big time D.C.
lawyers yet no one recognizes them at the huge D.C wedding?
Craigslist is awesome.
40 solid wood doctorsser, yay!
oh yeah, my bulls out but okc is looking real good for the west tho, can't sleep on the spurs either
See uppers Daycare is communistic!!
Breastfeeding is horrible.
And, school breakfast marks the end of humanity.
will not be out again this weekend, I have not gotten a day off work since Easter Sunday!
lol
Is this worth it
At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want.
Lao Tzu
Ive got 20 ticks 4 Cavs vs Pistons donating to CLE boys club, also doing a raffle for a Jersey, can or help make it special?
Confidence is the feeling you sometimes have before you fully understand the situation
you bring the bottle, we'll bring the PYTs
Identity Theft Reported By Households.....8.6 MILLION HOUSEHOLDS AND GROWING!
This is from my personal experience and I was thinking This 
Who would you rather face.
Boston or Atlanta?
We are the SAME DAY Delivery Solution for all Businesses!!!
www.lonestardeliveryonline.com 8775275737
what time???
It will b interesting2c O Neill w/a full squad.
One of the best defensive minds in the game.
Hardly ever out of a game.
Good Luck Tomorrow Beat the Cards!!!
I recognize that by doctornking I am mistreating my depression.
However, I'm pretty sure mental health disorder abuse is legal.
absolutely.
Lost track tonight!
Way to be a tweeting champion...as always.
The LHC has been making collisions, which means the universe must have been destroyed, which means we're in the Matrix.
If I live next to an abandoned house, hellyeah we're exploring throught it.
Getting ready for 5 hours of chinese this summer by watching Garena LoL matches from taiwan
I wish you speedy healing.
And lots of get well snail mail  prezzies.
yeah I'm gonna hit u up.
Lil sis
Watching The Muppets on blu ray.
The Muppets is a funny ass film.
To give someone a piece of your heart is worth more than all the wealth in the world.
Who's up for 1k1hr in 30 minutes?
A society of sheep must in time beget a government of wolves.
Bertrand de Jouvenel
RT : NEW SUMMER SINGLE!!!
Ft.
TheMovement by:Zig Zag via
That is what I generally think.
kandizone.com...check it out!!
:
If there was ever a moment for to say awksaucepants, this is it.
Thanks for asking!
We're really starting to push for donations now.
We hope to see donations pick up soon!
He can't just stop loving you.
He either does, or never had
Thanks girl!
For sure!
Where do I get tix?
Go TeamUSA!
wine country this morning mosquitoes, baseball and humidity this afternoon...home sweet home.
Thank you Marilyn.
We heartily agree.
So much to learn about the battles and contributions of the USCT soldiers.
.
congrats on reaching 100K followers !!!
1Million next!!!
C:
that's awesome.
You have no choice but to like me 
Sorry, I stand corrected.
There are indeed many much more important issues.
Silvio Berlusconi?
blissfully at home
Bruh he keep askin.
I'm trying to be polite and not block.
Let Yaya be great lmao
What up to my crew: , ChildishGambino/ is our guest this week!
!.
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
What do you call an alien starship that doctorps water?
A crying saucer!
Don't fuck wit my iPhone shit gets real..lol
Ok ok !!
Now I am watching swamppeople lol
I share your obsession, and I only started Pinning this week
I want another fish !
Bible study was off the chain.
If u need the notes, let me know :
.
I cannot stand TMac, Wheels and Sarge toting the company line.
The announcers should be like fans, not bureaucrats
aw thank you !
x
Yeah!
Your telling me!
I don't understand them at all.I have no LIFE!
it's making me crazy!
Still in need of best practices/examples of declaring how you're going to treat survey data
last night i had a doctoram that all of sbs was pregnant.
:o
lol.
I'm sorry it really bothers me
Come on out
: favortie doctorke line right there.
props.same
Thursday is mah birthday!
: finally gonna be 16
she took it too far when she called your daughter what she did
I'm mad Chris T.
N nem playin around nshit outside McDonald's
I'm almost to 1600 followers.
It's the SATs all over again!
RMFT : I never thought I'd be the one breaking down
not If you're Jesus.
Instead of getting bigger  more unhealthy over the holidays, get in amazing shape look GREAT at your holiday parties!
Need help, just ask!
When you were young Scared of the night Waiting for love to come along And make it right
PUMPED UP KICKS.
I'm watching doctorz at the gym hah!
Inteview in 10 min.
God if it is ur will lemme get this job and make bank
Friday, April 30th, Budget  Finance Meeting at City Hall.
15pm.
Need library supporters there.
Im bout to DDT my desk in the last class of the semester.
is on a sugar high.
Thank u Chicago for being such an awesome host.
Can't wait until next time.
Much love and respect.
great seminar yesterday by !
engaging speaker, great ideas for how to help out in the community.
Music legends Wiz Khalifa and Snoop Dogg in DC tomorrow night at 9:30 club
My life is not based on Money but on how much I helped others!
Tolerance implies no lack of commitment to one's own beliefs.
Rather it condemns the oppression or persecution of others.
John F.
Kennedy
If a man does not know what port he is steering for, no wind is favorable to him.
Seneca
ahaha, finally got my 69th follower!
:D
I think 'Epic' is the perfect song to doctorwn out the very high level of newsroom noise.
money ova bitkhes um yellin it2da grave developed at a young age go after wat pays
I WANTS ONE TO  :
I didn't know that Theo Cosby was a locomotive engineer.
: YALL READY FOR US TOMORROW!!!?
seriously why am I not there
I hope you got a Crif Dog after!!
Hugs You
All over...
Paris, Rome, Florence, Milan, Venice, Amsterdam...
for now.
I've got to get to Jamaica!
That's a sweet deal.
I take you with me in my ilusion and I give you my love forever
Treasure Box delivery tomorrow  120 food boxes will go 2 families of troops in SD  hoo rah!
Freelance reporters, are you available?
We are heading back down to Wilson, NC to continue working on our full length record on Monday!
Can't wait for you guys to hear it!
3
class.
work.
Squirrel Hill with Greg for a while.
some well deserved fun and relaxation
Fried green beans, pretty awesome at hamburger Mary's in bay view..
Sauce was more ranch like than horseradish fried pickles ..
Pretty dease
You have to leave some people behind and go where success takes you
Finally seen The Notebook for the first time last night ...BEST movie ever!
:'
Reminder: TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1tweet play that features EYES.
Stressful day but my grandson did awesome  TBall.
I'm so proud of him.
sallie came up with a new doctornk.
It's called TheBitch.
There will be one waiting for both of you when you get home.
not gonna lie  it could get ugly
Beef chow fun isn't as fun once you've eaten all the beef.
And by YOU, I obviously mean not me.
cannot believe ooh fire island is opening up in 2 weeks hell ocean beach
Discrimination has ended in the US Armed Forces.
Thanks to all the Senators who voted in favor of repealing DADT!
We all know that and are going to bring home something orange after the kca's :
Awake :o
PokerStars Seven Times the Traffic of Nearest Competitor
ATTENTION!!!
IF U R A SHAKEITUP FAN U NEED TO FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!!
I WILL FOLLOW BACK PROMISE!!:
Omg I felt the same way.
I was sobbing.
RT : agree Ashley.
I was there and it feels DEEPer to me now than even then.
Anyone going to the Derby party at The Mission today?
Love gives light even in the darkest tunnel.
TheArtist is incredible.I haven't read this, but isn't it partly about how talkies made foreign stars obsolete because they had an accent?
Watch parts of Sally Perkins performance in a documentary, Transformation: Old Building New Life, 9 p.m.
WFYI 1, Learn more www.wfyi.org
If you have a tournament or league schedule you want added to our site, email it to staci thebowlingframe.com.
Must tweet a trending topic in attempt to gain relavence.
Let's see.
Nothing isfun , onthelastdayofschool I'm going to....
OH WAIT.
;
Yea I seeing those pix from last night and I'm so jealous I miss my Denver bitches
I'm from OK.
We're bred to hate all things south of the Red River.
Am a Lakers fan, though.
Pro sports in OK seems wrong.
It's good wbu
So you doing anything special on your Friday off??
most definatably :D
ooh nothing special, watching movies, jerkin off you know, the usual lol your home yet?
And so, Lord, where do I put my hope?
My only hope is in you.
Psalm 39:7
Thank you so much Bro!
Tyrn to put on a show for your friends
Q2 Or just treat them like I would want to be treated.
He missed the kick.
Vikings win...nothing wrong with a little good luck now and then.
and not even to a contender.
I feel bad for him
UMass season high is 97 against Central CT and they just tied it with 2:20 to go in OT.
9794 in double ot
what you over thier thinking rose ready for some granger action lmao
I love the Flyers!
Always have.
There's always been those teams that I've liked; Flyers, Leafs, Bruins
You should give our site a try!
oh really thats how you feel???
Watching Tiger and putting Andy North on Sports Center for ESPN.
it's only wednesday?
ugh.
Aw, being old might suck.
you on tour?
Anyone want my football cleats?
they give me blisters :'''
so why would you do it.
I like your music so I need you around to make more
Corporate greed has run amok.
Our politicians are bought  paid for and our democracy is irrevocably broken.
Made it back in one piece from Yosemite.
Blog post to follow soon!
that was my bet too!!
I think we may have lost though, looks like he fell behind early on...
I suck at betting lol
Took some nyquil and now Im falling into a deep deep coma like sleep!
Goodnight everyone!
lucky bastard
There's a fine line between arrogance  stupidity
Just updated a website, then seriously broke it, then fixed it again.
Half hour of sweat time there.
I love my Xavier boys.......
But come on guys really...
Great presentation for Big Brothers Big Sisters in San Diego at SLA2012 SLA12.
Huge group here.
Find a way to get involved and give.back
i work for seattle city light..pretty chill place.
Itll be up bright and early tomorrow as long as sb doesnt freak out again
DailyRebellion: Be noticed.
no we agreed to let the creative minds think  lol
Making the final touches..the main structure of the site is live though!
Check it out!
GRE3NMNKY.com !!!
omg i go back to skool august 23

KassHout: collecting open data can help spread the information to the citizens through technology
Marlins handling business!
I absolutely love sleeping with my windows open !
WHO LIVES IN NEW JERSEY AND IS HOT AS CAN BE?????
VINCENT CASTRONOVO!!!!!
lawl wuuuut??
i want in!
On the dopest project i done heard about in a loong minute.
Bruh....
Nickle bag in the park stuff...
i want in!
so over the 118 shift
man if i hit the lotto just one time...
Yeah Baby!
Thanks for your congratulations of three days ago.
It seems like ages in Twitter Time.
I've never met one who's topped 4 years at one place, and most in the 13 year range.
Best way to get a solid raise :
Soutout to my Homey JRich with his 4 unit winning pick on Kent State 2.
The Coalition Lives.
Remember 8/23/11!!!
An email from Express: Get 25 off  Gifts for Mom!
I don't even want to know what 60something woman might find in Express...
Just one more hour....
hi babbyy how are you today miss you babe ;
Seth how about some love for the Hoyas
RT FF  omg  i am so honored i got my very own FF mention!!!!
Nothing like AltText Problems to start a Monday.
ItsThereWhyCantISeeIt??
Thats so cool I didnt know that!
Either that or I have short term memory loss Lol!
:D That video is gonna be amazing though
Sam Jackson would be perfect.
Maybe Kanye if he decides to move from rapping to acting.
Were you able to login in and post?
If so, how?
Keep The Paper Coming Boii..misterMoney Maker How u Gonna Stop mY Cash Flow,L,V,M
Rain in the valley is snow on the mountain
didn't even know...
Men if a woman does not have custody of her childoctorn, do your homework, find out why.
RED FLAG, You may soon be her next victim of her abuse
So tired.
Last midterm of the semester tomorrow!!
Just gotta power through
Amazing story!!
Do any of you know someone Autistic who benefited from a glutenfree diet?
what to eat for late lunch????
I have come to the conclusion that everyone at my school is a vagina.
happy birthday!!
Hope you have a great day and are doing well!
Take care!
:D
LOL C'mere and let me ride you!
lol u tryna get some pita pit, huh?
Most people don't like their attitudes and egos.
you're a fucking low friend you know that, you're fake as a three dollar bill.
Skylar, Phillip and Colton were all great  Joshua was as well.
The Top 5 is going to be really good this year on
Alrite Damn Chill One Simple Mistake Makes the Whole World Mad!
For all of u Canes fans 2010 UM mixtape debuts Oct 9 stadium
Had three people in the office say it can't be me, I'm wearing a skirt.
My mother also doesn't believe me.
Ha!
Open at 11 for lunch!
Burgers by Flaming Patties.
Well...this just slapped me in the face!
I'd try talking to folks then, they might be able to help further.
Bosh doesn't come back this team will not win a title.
Win or lose this game.
love you so much
Iv neva been to a graduation wea someone talkd like 45 min straight
It takes 10 min to change a mood/obsessive train of thought.
The challenge is finding 1 thing that can hold my attention for 10 minutes
Whoa what's up with Facebook?????
Getting ready for an epic day today, first on my way to st.
Patrick's day parade then heading to NYC for DJ Victor Calderone's  party
How to Handle the AdWords Ad Rotation Changes
Field supporting the Denver Broncos!!!
GO BRONCOS!
I bet you were an awesome professor!
The Adjustment Bureau is pretty mind blowing
planning a fashion show on satug13th..Columbus Commons!!
Dj's,fooddoctornks and models in cool clothes!!
what more do you need???
and he's the highest paid player in the league.
Lol
siblings arent all that great.
Many games are rigged against you...play your own game...
Callahan came to play baby!!!!!
Movin' on up!
:D good to know.
I'll make sure that the stickiness remains within your thigh region.
I'm thinking we def need another dinner date
did I just see u near att or was that your twin?
Ugghggh School Tom With  Is mister Caputo There Tom ?
Playing till my fingers go numb!!!
exactly.
it tasted so sweet.
M...
the sweet taste of shame.
There will now be 10 minutes between each task, rather than 5.
Huge wins by the Predators and Grizzlies last night to get back into series's!!!
I'm so nervous about this test I could vom
Damn, that's nasty
I hate newmoon and twilight btw
Just chillin just cuz I can!!
It's a roller coaster my friend.
Life is good.
And you?
Homeboy, youre gonna wish one day, That you were sittin on a gate of a truck by the lake
Thank God My Family In Japan Are Okay.
Please Be Happy For Who  What You Have.
PrayForJapan.
3
Hairstyles Nicole Scherzinger
Tweeting in bed.
A first, my lady is snoring.
Also good she doesn't tweet or read tweets.
RonPaul I call it WASTE Watch out for the MILITARY COMPLEX SPEND LESS MONEY I'm cheering at home :D
Jealous that you got to go to Harbin in winter.
I had wanted to go there while living in China, but didn't have the opportunity.
Guys!!
We need to tweet to to let have his take!!
Power to the masses!
Come on!
Countdown until showtime!
We're excited to see so many people planning to come out!
THANK YOU!!
Well, thank you!
i mean, seriously.
right?
Smart asses!
;
Do you know Molly Sullivan she is from Vegas .Now the 76ers sideline reporter.
Love tweeting and sharing with friends on twitter.
:
Al natural...
Favorite text from me to : Slash saw a ginger and fell in love.
I really am going to have interesting looking kids.
The 49ers and the Saints play today!!!!!!
haha ok ill keep it on the down low haha!!!
No worries!
But serioisly you guys made me want to start dancing again!
Today has to be the crapiest day ever
waits patiently for 49 cat lovers to find her page so she can celebrate!
Got my license on my first try !
.
you should surround work with quotation marks.
7 pm tourney has started and I am still alive in the other one.
follow back, please?
:
nude lewd rude.
My kingdom for a term paper that doesn't begin with a pagelong description, in general terms, of how the Internet has changed society.
All my friends grew up in pittsburgh so yeah they think I have an accent?!
Whateves!
Heehee
Today, was kinda boring day.
Still bored.
;
Eating carrots :3
love him !!
Miss you
dsoc wants to bring CES vendors to SLA conference, to broaden our infoexpo
remember that one time we were friends and u used to talk to me?!
I sure do miss those days...
How exciting, I have the auction tivoed and will be watching it tonight!
Like a VARIANT of palbatross?
Sympalbatross?
My job is so fun and cool!
Nice!
Hope you're enjoying Singapore !
We are looking forward to it too, Kate!
Do you have anything special planned for your visit?
you still got the link to the Carson kids Youtube I sent you?
TPI to Host Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call on Tuesday, May 15, 2012 at 9:00 a.m.
ET
i dont mind
How can we pick just one when so many were great?!?
I agree!
I'll be legit sad if they don't perform it though.
Regardless of their upcoming new songs, they just HAVE to sing it.
please doctordoctorw share
I hope not, it will be tested on her stuff first
Don't be a doctorg, just be a queen
ikr!
I can't take the suspense!
It's not good for my health!
lol
two to too, they're their there.
srsly dood.
you make your living with words.
ok we want to see u tonight we goin in !!!!!
Fill in the blank.
It takes me  cups of coffee to get going in the morning.
Hey walking dead writers, you guys are bad, and you should feel bad.
hah!
Real word but is the brain trust who thought of the name.
TONIGHT!
At 730pm CST SugerRush will be released at Facebook.com/goodluckjane !
Just finished watching the last episode of Greek.
I no longer have a reason to live.
I am not even joking anymore.
Whoever thought it was brilliant to put new tab in place of capslock is very, very weird.
no problem!
Also, how dumb politics gets RT : Worst part about an election year: monthly fundoctorising deadlines
Sasha Pieterse marked my letter to her as one of her favorites.
That literally made my day, possibly my life.
Your Most Welcome, thanks for sharing all the info!
Fall seven times, stand up eight
I had some baked ziti at the mall today..
it was AMAZING
doctornking orange gatorade again for the first time in like 12 years, wish me luck!
so who wants to have a 3some??
you got a nord?!
Customer centric strategies, being innovative and having exclusives  keys to the success of Macy's online and offline business.
We LOVE you Whitney!!!
because I'm graduating with my MBA!
80 of noncouch potatoes would like to get more exercise, but say they dont have the time
Congrats to ...
YEAH
web democracy!
: or some such
my girlfriend just saw you in the hallway of the Cape Codder, and was too shy to say she is a big fan.
She luvs u.
What channel are you watching The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame stuff on?
yeas it's so beautiful and touching : 3
exciting!
Hope you have a great time...
Tell africa I say hello
I didn't love Best Coast's Crazy For You but so far I'm digging the broader range on The Only Place.
how ya doin?
I dnt wanna get out the bed :
Thanks.
Fascinated by the networked privacy concept.
im i following u
TGIF with DJ Ivan tonight at Chi Cha
nope...
I wish tho
You been tweeting and DM ur fans..
but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!!
?
I love youu3
hope you had an awesome day!
Accent offers complimentary bottled water, in Car WiFi, XM Satellite Radio, GPS Navigation  Vehicle Tracking Systems.
We're in a great position to grow and expand...That's why we're being so aggressive, from Gov.
Walker in support of WIDairy 30X20 prgram.
I'm in a dark room bc I'm too lazy to get up and turn the light on
NICE!
Love the EGC.
PS Fuck you, still here is the best sentiment I've heard in a long while.
Don't hate me because I pass notes via text and iPad during LMA meetings.
do it friends  RT : I'll be Djing VIP Club Zone Times: 9pm to 1:30am tweet me for promocode for few bucks off
Nice!!!
a new JuwanEvansAngel!!!
:
True.
But when you consider it capped off a 15 homestand, that's pretty low.
I don't even know what rock bottom is any more
we'll have to try to cross paths some day
Weighed in for Summer Biggest Loser contest.
Game on.
Final weighin Wed Aug 29
Peter weak
dinner at Bigoli.
gahd i missed this place haha
NowPlaying: High School Musical 2 Soundtrack.
Why is it so hard to say goodbye?
thanks for the RT love
If you want a good read, check my Twitter feed from 2 days ago, starting with the response I got from a friend.
Best way to get out of a text convo: The message could not be delivered.
Please try later.
Error 226110

Hope it has no connection to conceal and carry!
Yikes
nope:/ I gotta go but ima be in Wisconsin for a week
Another day lounging in the sun and barking at the neighbors.
Life is good.
Ah yes, the article that ruined my breakfast this morning.
D'oh!
We could have gotten you to be her graduation speaker!
Bet they'd remember YOUR speech!
Didn't find anything this time.
Thanks for the link!
Keep trying!
Great weekend with my other halfs family in Pittsburgh.
Love a big Italian family.
Feels good to get home tho!
Happy Easter to all!
I just realized that I haven't eaten today...
I don't know if that's good or bad!!
naked girls all over the projector what kind of class is this...really now..come on 12:50
Love how DC meteorologist talk all week about how we r going to get a ton of rain  we only get a few showers.
They suck.
Does anyone have the recipe for pizza sticks that used to be on the side of the Chef Boyardee pizza kit boxes?: Does anyone have the ...
Phahahahahaha!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just scroll his TL when you get the chance lol, hilarious
Yes...I wll continue the quotes.
They are a part of my everyday conversation with you!
Thx for the encouragement.
: DJ
thank you :
New official photos have been uploaded to the website.
We are currently experiencing technical issues with uploading photos to Facebook.
Hitting the road to Boston tomorrow for !!
Who else is going?
Stop by our booth!
I hear that!
You'll be great parents though, no doubt!
I'm so excited!
More often than not, Radio Paradise, uh, is.
Too wrapped up in Long Beach Airport disguised as Sunnydale Airport and Santa Barbara skylines to notice the fluffy winter snow.
Anyone ever get their wisdom toofs pulled out?
awe ha u missed me?
I missed u to : I been alright I'm gonna be a senior this year.
How you been ?
Steak and eggs at The Dizz this morning.
Did the damn thing on Good Morning America with Anita Baker this AM, now ready to rock out at the Skyroom tomorrow night!!
Ren Harvieu: from Salford to stardom for a soul princess: Ren Harvieu tells Andoctorw Perry how she has put disaste..
howdy still waiting to heat from y'all.
To be in DC and stuck inside a hotel...well, it just sucks, basically!
i just cracked up xD
I am!
RT How many bodies do you think are in the park?
RT : Announced crowd: 20,192.
thank you.
It was wonderful meeting you too and I look forward to earning your family's vote at some point!
RT RT : FLASH: Libya's Gaddafi dies of wounds suffered in captainre near Sirte  senior NTC military official
WaysToImpressMe sign over your winning lottery ticket
words cannot express my love for jersey
Good to see you are a supporter of this initiative.
I'm working with precollege school to help build better administrators
hmm having trouble too.
Will try again soon.
Sorry!
riding around the city and i got my calculator i'm a mother fucker monster when it comes to getting that paper
have you been able to track down any of their songs?
yung boy...
I BEEN A MAN!!!
sold doctorgs TEN A GRAM..
SPICE EM UP...
CINNAGRAMS....
Den take a pic!!
INSTAGRAM!!!
Lmaooo
Good Morning my friend.
Off to learn major new social media stuff this wk at REBCORL then our state conv then work on me
Brew City Brand Sale at Summerfest!
Whenever it's over 80 degrees, all of our tshirts are 20 off!
Stop by and say Hi!
Sale
I'm up 20 bucks in the casino!!!!
Gangland ...
Fire...
Glad I got to hear it being made before everyone
that's a question that might be suitable for no seriously
maybe one day but not soon.
Could not read chrome manifest file'C:Program FilesMozilla Firefoxextensions972ce4c67e084474a2853208198ce6fdchrome.manifest'
one direction  anything else
I mean, it wasn't as if he was going to need them
Music is 90 Business!
oh I am well.
Funny and frisky.
Looking forward to DC WEEK.
We will have an installation and will be selling our awesome shirts and prints.
It will be good and funky.
I heard on NPR this morning that Russia ratified the START treaty, and so renewed disarmament for our two countries begins swiftly.
TwitterLessSteve I miss the hair
when reporting data, step out of your shoes  into the shoes of someone who doesn't 'get' numbers
just finished prelim layout of a 128 page photobook for an atchitect builder.
worked in 6 hour shifts for the past 3 days...brutal.
Apologies to the few veryfrequent posters.
I had to unfollow to give others a chance.
Kept you listed.
: st.Andoctorws tonight !
In Concord, NH today.
Visited nhpr to plan for an inventory of their recordings.
1980's primaries, here I come.
Twitter is stupid, ...36,000 tweets later....
we should get some coffee and catch up, got time?
Christmas vacation starts now....: 3
New Alabama Gov.
Robert Bentley says NonChristians 'not my brother,' 'not my sister' Shame on this schmuck!!
Probably gonna need a boat...
Stop by for fun times, doctornks, freebeer, just tell me an alcoholic is someone you don't like who doctornks as much as you do!
NoManShouldEver be left behind3 I Love and Support our Troops3 oohrah:
I count seven people on this red line car who are asleep.
Out of 12 passengers.
We all must have risen extra early on this
ran 2.75 miles with Bob this morning
So....
the big news...
the big reveal....
hm....
well....
surprise, surprise...
I went and got married.
Booya!!
Can't hide happy!
Hey I want a S/o please!
I know!!
Have you heard the before?!
I already get them...
so we're good.
Where are you going?!
Torn between wanting to work in coffee shop and wanting to be somewhere where loud guy is not monologuing across aisle to another patron.
That nigga just made me get weak as fuck.
I taught yo ass well.
Some real shit hahahahaha fuckin payout n
I'm glad you're sticking around to keep the Prez honest.
Secret ballots tend to end up the way the person counting wants!
Income tax return filing process initiated!
okay cool.
Well just hit me up
This is why Kobe is still my fav NBA player.
So fun to watch when he is hitting and closing games
Right back atcha...
lucas  hanie RT : No Rose and no Noah is the same as no Cutler and no Forte.
W no Rose and Noah Bulls season on life support
Josh Hamilton.
WOW.
cc:
thats what happened with me when I got mine out.
Was back in action the next day.
I am truly thankful for the people my family and I have in our lives!
Starting TODAY March 1418th earn TRIPLE POINTS at the Flagship on purchases made w/ your Nordstrom credit or debit card!
Especially from an American actor.
I hated that movie.
lol shut up no where near bitter sweety
that's good:
T2  the theory sounds good, but I don't know how much I believe incentive hypothetical that is painted.
so many factors.
Spending time with FAMILY :
All I saw at first was Stronger and I thought: seriouslyyou haven't heard that awesome Britney Spears song?
Ugh I feel trapped I wanna go some where
Thanks for the follow :D
Spent time in ER last night after smashing door in my face.
My teeth cut through  left hole.Thx to ER doc at United.
Finished my narrative for school
I can truly say that , , , and made this a historical concert!
Tinygiant for the win!
Yea im always his regret yea im always his regret
You can plan a pretty picnic but you can't predict the weather.
Mm, yes : come by and pick up my order tomorrow!
11:00.
I know but you have to admit it was funny as hell
Yo!
What's good with cha?
I hope you're not talking about me!
Oh my god, have you ever even seen the inside of a shower?
I can't breathe!
imma fuck her up like really
your icon is beautiful.
BIG salad for lunch!
Healthy  glutenfree peanutfree Yum antioxidants
Does Twitter no longer let you edit RTs?
TweetDeck still does, but I'm getting no love from the main website.
Like the Bulls this year.
Boozer's back, Noah's a stud and, Hell, even Scottie Pippen's courtside tonite.
Also, Bron Bron's out of the conf.
RT : RT : Summer is over, but Fall is here!
Get everything you need for your park from...
Watching How It's Made and thinking the music director really controls the tone of each episode...
Lol, what's the specs on it?
LSENetED the feed seems to be down on the talk
wrong tag bro, go tag , sounds like a sex act
you asked me to wake you up right after I wake up.
Then when I do, you complaint about only sleeping 6 hours.
Packing today.
.I wish it wasn't so nice out so I had more motivation to do it!
what a terrific video sharing the university's commitment to sustainability  every doctorp of water counts!
Inconsolable after yesterday's loss.
Rolling around in a bathtub filled with Yankees fans' ticket money isn't working like it usually does.
Why r people sayin Zimmerman is not white?
is he black or asian?
There r 3 races.
white/black/asian.
Hispanic is not a race
so glad you're my 1 fan
JayZ  Linkin Park mash up.
I'll just turn down the volume during the lp verses
I just finished season 4!
Damn, that's a good show.
How far are you?
I've been brainwashed by McDonald's Mc  I'm adding it to all their food items.
Today, I mistakenly ordered a Bac.
Egg  Cheese McBiscuit.
how to use tweet HashTags correctly..
Yo momma q:
Yeah My fist !
if he dont fix me nothing imma kick him !
lmfaoooooooooo and yo brother probably making you cereal lmfaoo
thingsthatpissmeoff when people tell me i'm wrong, when I know for a fact i'm right.
have and prodded and say
Thanks!
RT : The show will conclude after the Blue Angels perform at 3:30.
No fireworks tonight!
Never too late for a beer and some hot tub...
I'm really gonna hate life when I have to move out of this house
world's colliding!
meeting up.
wish i could be there.
Studies show that TPain AAAAYYYEEEEE
CircleCenterMall I go there all the time!
:
horrible mood.
i dont even care, i want left alone.
50 off details until 1pm.
Buy now, use anytime in 2012.
No limit.
Get yours before they are gone.
Purchase by phone call 5319319.
Suggestion  First, Give thanks to the people who brought you in to speak and mention them by name.
Looking forward to Light Up Night Tonight!
pork maybe?
I'm not sure.
I hate fucking hypocrites.
The NYPD and the State invokes terror when their police officers attack innocent civilians.
My mom will not stop callin my name!
All i wanna do is lay down an relax!
Kill the beast and free the world.
My UPS just chirped, for no apparent reason.
give me a follow
Cried today...
don't go sleep in!
That's why chicks dig you man, they love that freaky poetic crap.
i like him but he broke my heart once and now im scared
did your dad get mad?
As an optional rule, sure.
Keep the core simple.
Monster blocks list resistance.
SoCal event tomorrow at The Grove!
Excited to celebrate the best in homebuilding!
Im just a holy fool
I made a quesadilla instead.
It was delicious.
Now I need to run.
:
does anyone have any ideas for homemade easter cards?
Looking for Online Tutoring Software?
Http://www.virtualclassroomssoftware.com
I have felt like I was the only one like this!
Thanks for not conforming to hype and giving an honest review of Uncharted 3...wish more reviewers had those kind of hangers!
When memories come back, some you keep and some you trash in the can.
No, dear, please don't help your crippled fiance bring in the heavy wet clothes out of the pouring rain.
Really, it's fine.
bitches try way 2 hard to be fucking sexy
this is about to be BAD.
lol and guess who forgot to vote
Want too
: IAlwaysWonderIf people find me attractive i do!
Skrillex just blew your mind?
I have been on line a long time posting videos on the 1st thing you learn is never even acknowledge the haters!
YES, I remember you....Good to see you.
Saw the invite on LinkedIN  Let's connect
Let's make a difference today to ensure that the future for girls is bright, equal, safe and rewarding!
Happy
Fuck things breaking always at the worse times
Do you like what you look like?
I haven't even started that yet, so yeah, that would be good.
Working on my other project now.
Um, and I love and love Glee.
We punch back.
Looking to increase productivity?
Log out of the twitter.
See, a real friend will share french toast with you at 2:30.
Everyone else is in bed.
You alright in my book, Mal Mal.
THIS WHOLE ALBUM.
i see you still grinding fam :
Good sun is good for the soul.
keep on pushin to the top!
I give ' personal number out all the time.
And his addoctorss.
yeah sam, on the curb right outside our place :
And now Sally doctorper is fastly becoming her mother.
A bitch.
Brady, Brees, or Rodgers?
That's the first of 9 picks to make if you want cash in the 500 Rotowire Freeroll.
I'm goin Brees?
Whoyagot?
Excited about connecting with alumni through UMNproud !
write about the Sonics.
Haha jk Duff.
But really remember that time the Nuggets beat the 1seed Sonics?
Go follow my main account :
Re: my last tweet.
What is fun to do in Chicago in like 5 hours ?
I sold my 50 voucher for 25 since I won't be here to use it.
Thanks a lot.
really we are at oyster house
Things never change
make sure you have a power light on the furnace.
Small led light on circuit board
NickiOn106 is gonna b crazy, I love her,she's my idol.
make it happen Nicki,leggo
Thanks for the follow Fairfax!
We love working there!
As I look out the window, I see a very beautiful planet that seems very inviting and peaceful.
Unfortunately, it is not.
Scott Giffords
of course.
Please link!
Oh yes i was : lol
Walking into the BC to watch the
So I'm playing wwe 12 and it halfway froze so I'm just laying here listening to background noises
It is my prayer that justice will be served for mister Davis.
The victim's family deserve the truth.
It is my hope that God will intervene.
The size of the box is inverselyproportional to the cat's desire to be inside the box.
Yes, you can buy them here.
Iwanna go to Bikini Bottom haha , :
picked on by who?
The evening hr is among us  the best place to refresh yourself is where there's a warm smile  a Hot Cup of Joe
Moving on to chicken stock making.
We'll coordinate a time for you to p/u a jar of soup tomorrow or fri!
right on!
Fake numbers are low life time customers.
They have no value which equals nothing for your sales, or sponsorship!
She cries now but she'll laugh again
I seriously can't believe that we've had these 2 angels for over 7 weeks now!
They make 8 weeks/2 months this Saturday.
Wow.
That car was parked on the corner of street.
I'll keep posting more pics of the interesting cars in the new neighborhood.
Shuffling your collection or an online service?
Cuz it's a good mix!
What I like about shuffling.
Prez's Every Tubnow.
Dang ima miss these seniors..
They were like brothers man...
Happy Friday  thanks for the RT!
I hope you have a great weekend!
haha.
I also had a fit when I had to take five minute showers.
pretty good actualy how bout u?
I'm a little doctornk on you and high on summertime
So really...
why?
What's the point?
I've been hoping and waiting for SO LONG and then I think it's here, only it's completely jacked.
I Love .
End Of Story 3
terrified at the idea of Mary Fallin for Mitt's VP spot.
Also not sure if I should be happy for Oklahoma or sad for our nation
Breeders rawk.better than pixies.
These guys need to get off their lazy asses and start shooting.
I hope my boyfriend doesn't leave to Mississippi for work:
TY.
Have a great Friday and weekend.
Cal on visit to White House: Im excited about the opportunity for them to meet the President of the United States.
...
Who else is totally stoked for opening night?!?
TheHungerGames !
For what it's worth  I have a good feeling about the TEXANS this week!
Recently, a woman ordered a White Petal latte in the retail space.
With soymilk, no less.
Claire was a bit apprehensive, but the woman...
i had nightmares about that dumb thing.
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.
Poor : Poor : Wisconsin businesses.
They don't have those in unitedhostiletrolling of
TONIGHT  Black Lotus with DJ's Xibalbalola Adddj, LAD, Nihil  Guest DJ Ritual from Denver, CO at ABQ's Best Danceclub  Lotus Nightclub!!!
As you saw in the 1st inning, you keep Dunn in the lineup at all defensive cost
doctorfted by !
Congrats!!!

2661616 Call us today and see what we have going on!
Leave it to an italian to teach me how to time remap
This my page who ever dnt like what i post can kiss my natural black ass n tht order!
Thanks Paranormal activity 3!
Won't be able to sleep for days and I probably won't ever want to have kids...
Toby are you there?
Edward Lewis just said face book is dying in my opinion in a room full of social media professorssionals
Looking for an Acount Director for Current Lifestyle and Marketing with beauty and fashion exp.
email me at
Q5: Greater ATL has mutliple SIGs/GIGs  attendance to events is part of membership...and that includes food!
Priceless!
I studied and studied, but I think it was the little pony on a stick that that sold it.
:
Also Ruben pierces today till 9pm and Currently we have tattoo openings after 3pm with Dag, Thomas and Gustavo!
omg aw33
Call me wacky but I think BC covering is a lock and they might even win outright
I saw that jquery/template has been put to pasture.
Do you know of a good replacement?
Two great museums!
Hope you enjoyed your visit!
:
The Ludwig Book by Rob Cook is useful w/ lots of photos, too.
Is there a bookthat focuses on Vistalites?
U have the ability to influence those around u...
Do u add negative or positive in your world?
I hope everyone is enjoying FatTuesday!
Lenten season starts tomorrow.
I am giving up social media for
Omg !
That is so funny !!
He looks just like him...
a little mini version.
hmm coincidence that all of us Janesvillians can outdoctornk anybody else???
I love it when you start the conversation :
Umust have just unfollowed I can't DM you back.
FYI Twitter DM is mainly spam so often totally ignored.Not a good way 2reach me.
Interesting that all three plenary presentations focus on community and participatory mapping at the WB GFdoctor new mapping tools workshop.
good point
Like my nuts just doctorpped
Im Done Tiarra Aint This What We Said Lastnight That Shit Is Pitiful
sure same number or is live at the scene if you want her to describe it for you.
Here to help!
can't wait for the movie to come out
If I'm going to bike to work in 5 hours, I should really get some sleep.
insomnia sucks
and the what do I do!?;
Just found out is going to the Seahawks.
Exciting!
making a survey that asks readers to match narratives to data mashups...seeing if the results can in turn be used to model the readers
Crossing our fingers that it sticks after November!
Pretty sure it will though.
Avengers hype is growing...is this a guaranteed billion dollar global smash?
I say yes.
Chk out www.privacythemovie.com Supporting role of Adam in this one.
Going to Alabama tomorrow for the whole weekend!
Yeah buddy BamaGirl 33 xo
Congrats on big win today!!
, , , Going for Sweep tomorrow!!
heading over to check out the space !
see you soon!
excited to catch up
RT : Who is visiting me at the new downtown today??
Put the herbal essence in the air  pay proper respect to misterBob Marley.
I thought of both of those as, basically,featurelength previews for The Avengers.
FWIW I liked Thor more.
Any SAAers want to join in on a road trip to NYC tomorrow?
2 seats left.
Refund your flight.
I'm recently diagnosed bipolar CC helped me through high school.
Thanks.
: RT : RT if you want a Miley album in 2012!
Sometimes life is no bueno.
CANNOT WAIT!
: RT: You will get to see my apartment on bethenny ever after this season!
That's why I'm hustling for you!
Kennedy: The guys in Blood Brother were upset with her; until their families started reading about what happened to them
Is it on TV or online?
this book looks great.
actually I said for your terties not boobs!
Of course a long commute by bike is just the opposite as long as you plan ahead.
You can't trust anyone these days.....
Gingers are calm, cool and wellmeaning people.
the fuck?!?!
Hell no?
my dog hates getting his picture taken
This will be a long night
: Just a name change, tis all.
I need a valentine
Quick 3 miles in Boilsder co today lifeisasport makeitcount ...
hippies get out of my way!!!!!
Got a stealth yeah!
yes!
We're open Easter Sunday!
Hope to see you soon :
My office, its been awhile
Thanks for using NEED magazine!
Just wanted to let you know that we're needmagazine not NEEDmagazine.
Thanks again!
So cool!
I'll be on there with ya!
Likely, Romney.
Though it wouldn't be an enthusiastic vote.
You?
RT Who will be your presidential pick?
Don't be shy now!
totally jealous!
Starving right now!
Tell your friends to follow us, Please :
Thanks for sharing it.
Would love to see the movie.
Did you make any scenes?
Some people are in love with the idea of love not the person there with..
as mentioned, we made that correction right away.
Thx very much for supporting !
Check us out again soon!
here too!
We luv r River North biz partners:
is Anyone awake wit or jus the doggies :
CRASH: I205 southbound  Killingsworth, rollover wreck on the left shoulder, delayed back to the Glenn Jackson Bridge
I'm going to the Sox game tomorrow!
I have an extra ticket!
Too bad you don't live closer...I know you are such a big fan!
Happy BirthDay to me: Thank You Jesus for allowing me to see another year.
So glad you like the matching aprons!
My friend offered me tickets to the Jimmy Fallon show tomorrow.
Thinking about going....
Bloomberg: This is a major turning point in the history of American civil rights..
a testament to the Presidents convictions
I'm so behind in my work man  I have to get it together!
Loving being able to go to work 311pm!
I love lazy mornings and sleeping in!
Very powerful presentation delivered by Yong Zhao at NCSL about possible negative effects of a national curriculum.
haha not at all ...
cmworld isn't officially a party without you in the lineup!
follow me ?
:p u r an amazing singer !!!
Definatly gonna make this monday my bitch.
we wish you were here!
Good!
I wish you well!!
See you tomorrow.
The Rangers need to go up by 3, cuz the Cardinals will just tie it up again if they go up by 2.
it's inhumane...you'd have to be a pretty big jerk to steal someone's hashbrowns
bb13 will b watching with people not in the know 2nite.
Shutting the fk up is hard....
Who is your daddy......and what does he do?
Yearbook with and
This was the 7th in Super Bowl History Couldn't have happened to a better person than 12 for the Pats
Why is Perkins wearing Urkel shorts?
InCaseYouDidntKnow I Want A Vlado Purple Shoe Really Bad...
In Long Beach without my mother knowing :D
i feel amazing!
These hoes still fucking random dudes as if aids has a cure..they do anything for attention.
Thanking god for another gorgeous morning!
RIP to all the real niggas worldwide I salute.
If it wasn't for the humor and captainin America.
peeve, when people u never hear from send invites with store registrations for thier kids graduation or wedding gifts.
Done, off my chest.
Legit sad that One Tree Hill ended.
I feel like I grew up watching this show.
Used to watch back in the dorms...
on a twitter binge where my dog speedy and get ready for this new Ray lavendor video song crazy
Comic book professorssionals I have a question: What is the industry standard in regards to naming a Letterer on the title page of a book?
From Jeremy Brett's performance as Basil in Dorian Gray.
Watch from 1:476:23.
I find his speech intensely moving.
wait..
da faq..
US one direction...
Hello from genuine human followers in COSprings!
DANG well he lives in Texas and he does it five
Can't wait till august 8th!
The weights are coming, oh yeah and crystal is coming home :p
Chk it out w/John RT : We are at the Classic downtown
at meeting amazing taxpayers who are getting their taxes done for free.
HALLOWEEN DANCE THURSDAY in the DONAHUE CAF.
COME IN COSTUME AND LETS PARTY.
Damien Jurado is here and getting a bit of record shopping done before his set at 6pm!
Thank You!!
Happy Easter!!
:
Honestly I'm not hating I'm just laughing at how ignorant you sound lolz great workout ;
Lmaaoo what is this I leave my dog for a day and u guys are plotting to prostitute him out
RT : said gay marriage 6 times in an 11min presser.
Never said civil unions.
I like your hidden talent then  haha.
Thank God I'm not going to school tomorrow :
hey, we'd love to talk to you about coming out to , our farmers market and holistic health experience.
Thanks for the RT
He just realized he must continue wearing Adidas.
what was you're favorite dance on Dancing with the Stars last night?
got it.
Oh, well then you'll be fine either way!
about Nip/Tuck though
Somewhereinthehood there is a Martin Luther King Street.
Be sure to follow Melissa's sister on twitter and also check out her fashion blog!
RT Still Friday somewhere, right, ?
Graham Swift's WISH YOU WERE HERE.
Incredibly good.
Last week of high school!
Wouldn't it have made more sense if Google had shown us how to set a homepage on sites before they indexed billions of dupe homepages?
For all those following ignitedc feminism is not a buzzword...
It's a movement.
Please don't liken to megacorp synergy etc.
what it do?
I feel so happy!
I gave a lot of food to a big group of little city pigeons!!
They are so happy too :
thanks for the RT!
10th may 2012 auctioning a SIGNED CoronationStreet Sign on ebay raising money for Kyran  RT!
No one picked ?!
Preach on!
We can be our unique, best selves while respecting and celebrating our differences.
Glad mentioned it today.
never heard that one!
but we like it
There's talk of a traveling metadata circus , I want to go to there.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other
: what are you doing right now?
UWRightNow working hard
are you back yet sexy girl
Rickie makes me so glad to have baseball back
guess what mamacita!
Summer Series Wine Dinners!
Mark your calendars for May 23rd for our Spanish Wine Dinner!
Awesome!!
Yeah we wrote the album right after we moved to LA, or Ellay if you will.
Love DC!
Hope to make it out there soon.
Superman saves hoes and whores I dont
How's fuck you you stupid lieing bastard
That's at the TOP of my list ;P Hopefully my mom isn't gonna be the one on the roof in this scenario
YouKnowShesTheOne if she looks at you like no other.
ATT: Fans sometimes think we're deleting comments but we're not, they're just hard to find.
that's happened to us too
I want the girl in the 'Bad' music video!
finally baking me some cookies Yummy !
Able to fill in bubbles for hours.
High school resume
Bozos is a nice way to put it.
Wowza.
and I need to doctorp my books off at campus while we're in town.
tryna get out of a late fee?
Bout to hit the sack.
Don't wanna stop looking at this poster of myself.
Hopefully Bosh don't fk this one up tomorrow.
Tootles!
haha I guess.
I love Christmas lights, I keep them up all year round.
well now they lost a customer right
I did...
u just gotta be patient...
:
haha cause i'm not.
youre in the wrong place for that, sir!
I see you are above average bowler, but how are u when the pressures on and the disco lights are swirling???
ya.
but i mean sometimes i get it in my head that im way better than them.
they'll never learn a lesson..
:l i just hate it
Where is everyone going for spring break?
Omg all the members of mcfly look exactly the same except for Danny, I didn't even recognize him
Its said when a couple breaks up bc both ppl thought each other were the one for them but sadly no
She told me while doing background that the only possible way some people would be attractive is if they swallowed a magnet
We're going GaGa!
Put your pawsup and join us at Victor Hotel this Thursday nite!
westoppedtalkingbecause you wouldn't take your bipolar meds
cause im sick :l RT why didnt you comee?d:
im eating a banana now :
Listening to the blues.
3
Power just went out around area.
Sheesh...a little rain and look what happrns!
swag...mason
me too
OK BYE!
BE BREEZE!
I personally would like to thank Julie for being the mother of my inspiration, a talented writer and an amazing friend.
Gabi
where where!!
And that was supposed to be Ahem not Amen  although I suppose praying never hurts when it comes to concert tix
Please diregard the post on my page about Justine Jordan's webinar by ExactTarget.
As of July she has no knowledge of how email for mobile 
For some reason late night tweeting turns into late night calls or texts with new people.
We really enjoy looking at the history and evolution in music.
I CANT WAIT WOOOHOOOO!
i already know them me and scooter are tight yoo.
LOL jk i wish.
Wouldn't have mattered for us..Flyers best us 51 in reg season...Wait!!...We beat them in Game 82!!...Series is 33!!
happy Monday to one of my favorite people!
On the PC side of things, I don't claim to be.
Getting all my shit on my ipod .
TFLN:The problem with Wednesday evening doctornking is that no gets to my level.
It's like like a one man party.
But it's a god party.
Hey kids, at the champs in strongsville that had sewn Sizemore jerseys 20 and a crapton of hockey stuff, lots of Blackhawks
boys playing frisbee on the lawn.
It's more a matter of will.
Blog!!
Go check out our latest blog about summer!
And tweet at us with some of your awesome, or not awesome plans for this summer :
Awesome.
They'll be lucky to have you!
RT : It's official.
I'll be joining and starting this summer.
Can't wait.
The Mets are now 62 and are looking good after a depressing off season.
Thanks to the small, but valiant crowd that came to the movie last night!
Sorry about the cold wind  messed up DVD.
OneThingIHate When people use the letter 'z' in stead of an 's' like it's supposed to be.
Merry Christmas
singing  I wished you love me  on ustream 
Very course in miracles!
I5 NB through the Terwilliger Curves slow to stop and go approaching I84
Yeah it totally was.
Most of the time that comes back to bite us in the butt.
Luckily, we got out of the jam.
Callous RT : Belated Sun.
NYT sports reclue: 53A, Insensitive can be Legendary Harry, we hear.
Seven letters.
Go.
got 99 problems and herpes ain't one
is it for childoctorn to learn their personal info like name, addoctorss, phone number, birthday, etc....
when apparently my mom is more worried about me than brian because i came home wasted one time
thanks!
Done!
:
Unless you're texting or in a private chat.
Then, go crazy!
well at least they're trying...now any receivers out there...hey congrats by the way!
I will be sure to check it out!
Small class v large class dynamics
We'll be set up downstairs for the doctorft.
You will have to stop in to see the action, and check out our Ted Thompson Wall.
: presale front row center stage !
Woot !
Never ending Summer with cincy , cbus , Indy !
Here we come
I want to listen to rancheras.
Thanks, Clark.
Ian is talking to G Burton about doin' a show together.
You think that would be a good fit?
I feel u!
It was so clean
Sir Henry Taylor The art of living easily as to money is to pitch your scale of living one degree below your means.
Thanks for the
The NYT building looks really different when you're looking down on it from above.
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't 1 ;
Instantly my new favorite movie of all time.
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue are the colors of freedom untill they are flashing behind you...
Or perhaps Apple Casual?
Doesn't get any better than that!
I've been waiting so long for you to follow/tweet me!
Please let TODAY be the day that you do!
Please?
Loveeyou
ill prolly call u n a few
Where's your favorite bar in Seattle?
Its time to have a glass of wine w/ sue.
Mahatma GandhiThe weak can never forgive.
Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
BJenkins would have 15 sacks against that same comp.
he got 7 sacks on this year.
nicky nick!
This newport woke me up just right.
Yes!
Can't wait to hear what you guys have to say!
Glen Campbell's sons are opening with a short set.
Campbell will be on about 8:30.
Gaslight smells bad!
Ewww.
Next stop.
ESPN using Real and Spectacular as a heading is great work.
I can't wait till December my BFF from Uruguay comes to visit for 3 months  I need to speak uruguayan
Icant wait til dat woman beater go to jail
I liked you better when you were funny.
May actually go running this evening.
I have no real excuses not to, although it's kind of hot outside....
it used to bug me to have nothing to do, but to be honest, it agitates me more now to have 1000 places to go and get doctornk
I'd like to thank blackberry today.
Allowing me 24/7 access to micromanage and ridicule my staff.
I don't know, but they're hiring on the website for Albuquerque!!!
Most excited about the fresh masks!
lolol!
I know right.
Haha :P
Finished final cleanup of the yard, watched the Packers lose ...
grrrrrr.
: Getting tired of ham leftovers.
:...thanks!
Stop in and the next one is on us!
Casper puttin' the team on his back...
Attacking the rim  it's LBSU 5757 UNM with 5:40 to go.
every scar ihave makes me who iam .
Great news for all followers.
We are hosting a PHENOMENAL giveaway for Mother's Day.
Stay tuned for details.
again Im not being shady...I have hit a follow limit...they won't let me add you...
add me
Prosecutor Sherry Thompson will be on at 6 p.m.
to talk about the Arevalos sentencing.
Tune in!
Guess its that time again.
My body is so sore from yesterday.
I can't wait to have these next 2 days off.
They say talk is cheap, I guess thats why I bought every word she said.
We are always looking for the book it is necessary to read next.
Saul Bellow
OUR MORNING TABLE SHOULD DO A 3 WORD THING TOGETHER!!!!
He survived HR orientation!
Now comes 's boot camp.
Today we're welcoming new Web developer to the Scholars' Lab team!
please untag me out of this conversation..
lol
Me and just killed a fox
boyfriends who take long to text you back because of video games.....
cil2010 Out of 84 ARL libraries, only 7 had tested homepage and other webpages and opac, all three, pre and post and during design
Though some of us might cling to them for dear life, lose the Oxford commas.
It wastes print space in press.
hey buddie i need advice
: As an Aries you tend to favor someone who is selfassured,decisive and capable of leading more or less.
We're going to have so much fun!!!
: RT aww looking forward.
:
Anyone going to a farmers' market this weekend?
If so, which one and what are you buying?
it's fairly small, has a filter in it.
It seems like that is the most probable reason
Omar Vizquel still plays baseball.
He's 84 years old.
You had me at enchiladas!
Let's do it!
merseyside debry in the am....come on reds
I hate that impotent feeling that comes with trying to edit photos in a confusing program I have never used before.
Darn you PhotoScape!
I've never held a conversation like that.
I wouldn't even tweet while ordering!
Pretty sure, anyway  no, definitely not.
That's the best part of twitter is engaging online then putting names and faces together!
Enjoy networking 
welcome from two seats to your right
: 'The Art of Fielding' by Chad Harbach.
Definitely not strictly a baseball novel but incredibly well written.
Just puch me in the face when shhhhttttt gets too real!!
take that back.
Pitbull is amazing
A5: Do they fade?
I've managed not to call the desk.
nicole we were going nuts lmfaooo i kicked the ladys head by accident oy vey
My mom's boyfriend annoys the crap out o me, he doesn't even have to be talking, just his presence make me wanna punch him in the face
Was just reminded of my strengthquest results...i feel like i was made to be a military general.
Why cant I just be a woo??
Even when it feels like theres no one holding me..
Work stress, lack of sleep, lousy diet, and days leading up to your monthly period are the perfect circumstances for sudden rashes of acne.
hope you can make it to the Bazaar this year  lots of bourekas and other delicious goodies!
your cousins name is Jesus?
we were so happy to see you last night!!!
How old was Neil Young when he wrote the words, Twenty four and there's so much more?
Spent part of my afternoon cleaning out an old staff member's office.
I found two unopened boxes of transparencies.
quotes The goal here is to build a brand around social relevance in media.
it seems like april takes long haha.
Jack Flash  35 an 8th  No Tax
RT if you are a single father and take care of your kid the best u can
I see you Davis
S/o to for being cute and cool af!!
cmon guy its easter
Watching Tangled......you knowz it!
:P lol
Just finished playing for the State Band Competition.
Feeling pretty good about the performance.
My strategy is extremely effective, don't you think?
iWishThat most people wouldn't be one big disappointment  would actually amount to something
Love spending time with my family and god son :
Will do boo!
is that coincidence or have u been on my website??!
Love love love it miss!!!!
X
Ok But Follow Me You :
Quote of the night at the bar from the waitress: you guys are definitely not next!
Did everything download okay?
His grace and loving kindness despite myself leaves me speachless!
God really is amazing!!!
I would never be able to fit my kids  groceries in one!
:
Indie artists  filmmakers are in some way obligated to stir shit and make people see a different perspective.
Agree or Disagree?
TY for following Check 'em out
The average number of people airborne over the U.S.
in any given hour is 61,000
sometimes loves comes around and it knocks you down just get back up when it knocks you down 3
Spielberg's bout to choke a bitch
I was just informed that getting upset over the word tootles is an early sign of depression.
As 4 Thanksgiving, I GiveThanks 4 being the person I am!!
Cuz what doesn't kill me makes me stronger  nothin can bring me downbet on it!
Neil Patrick Harris was nominated for a Golden Globe in 1988 for his role in Clara's Heart.
What statue should take the place of Marilyn in Pioneer Court?
We dig your music :
I make a great hemp tattoo balm.
I can private label our All Natural Hemp Tattoo Balm with ur logo.
I love Ms.Rileys class!
still poppin' off in tha shop !
Bored out of my mind
Busy morning at Florida Flute Convention!
People definitely buying this year!
But Marissa Alexander is sentenced to 20yrs for firing warning shot in FL.
No stand ur ground for her
Yes!!!
Cabby!!!!
Winning run at third!!!
Come on pronk!!
Cancer's A Dick!
Don't be discouraged when you fail God.
He can forgive you and even use your failure to further his purpose in your life.
thank you, as always you are too kind!
now spread the word, I am the greatest artist in the world....
What it do?
Hello, how are things going?
GhettoTranslations
you mad!?
really?
I didn't know that!
On Tuesday, it will be one year since I moved to NYC!
wished for a dick today.
Think visually!
If your pictures are good enough, theyll end up on the front page next to a thousandword article.
please, please I beg you, be my 300th follower!
Love you so so much!!
taking the stage at health2con to discuss ONCs role in innovation
That moment when you realize how weird you and your friends are:
I am where I'm supposed to be , in my bed :
Reuterslaunch took place 7:39 local time.
Stay tuned to Biz Asia America...we'll have extensive coverage starting at 9pm EST.
Hey the sun is out in Cleveland!
Please stay for awhile.
without , would be torn to shreds!
we NEED to get a National Kenny Hamilton Day , if you ask me.
iloveyouKenny
It is very cool!
Thanks for the interest!
And I hope you're right about the attendance, Kevin.
What the heck is wrong with these referees at the Clippers game?!?!
They are totally from Memphis
It's so weird to see people from hs with babies...Or married!
How does life go by so fast?!
I swear I was in 7th grade yesterday haha
Once again, we thank our friends for the K on kosher food.
Used to strive for A...
now we love K
Im so happy for you it's you're time to shine
Welcome.
do you make margaritas?
HaHaHa, better dust that resume off Charlie
A1C results at 5.1.
bgnow at 130.
Think I had a bad start to my day.
My friend asked me: When are you NOT listening to hardcore rap?!
I always listen to hardcore rap
Back in DC after 10 glorious days on TaglitBirthright Israel w/ JFGW240.
Thx , ,  Shorashim for an amazing experience!
I don't mind male, but unless it's Edith Wharton or something, I'm not a big fan of subdued.
I like my reads intense.
Got to embrace the hate
This quarter is gonna be cool.
I wanna talk to u about something can I??
Thanks to everyone who is following me.
3
The best way to protect your work is to register your songs with the library of congress
Think about life for a moment
Going to be on Fox 10 Arizona Morning with Kristin Anderson talking about the Mardi Gras Gala at 8:20 a.m.
this morning!
In a way?
You could almost say that about string cheese itself.
If I had aKeurigVue brewer I would call it my little lifesaver.
someone sent me cracker jacks!
Chilling with my aunt!
InSpotter is expanding and seeking business partners.
Hi how have you been?
wwyd as the GM this offseason?
MALKIN is the worst hot right winger out there!
thank you!
This has been great.
Now if I could quote Bridesmaids I will be happy.
Saw Ariana at the mall i missed her
Happy Friidaay Eve to you!!
:
Can you give us a teaser?
What've you been influenced by as of late?

Legal deposit not required  is formality prohibited by Berne Most sellpub work isn't deposited
Next on the at 4, previews Game 3 from New Jersey.
It's playoff hockey tonight and puck doctorps at 7.
He wants me to have a couple of xrays and CPP blood test.
Goal Barca I'd say Chelsea is screwed with a man down.
My house smells funny.
Not funny ha ha.
Time to light some candles and play find that smell
Have really started to like the new Keb' Mo' release The Reflection It has this Bluesy feel about it, yet with a contemporary RB sound
Pleased to announce that I have won a UN Foundation Global Health Journalism Fellowship
To person who stole a personal phone of ours out of a vehicle  leave an email and location where we can pick it up, no questions asked.
merely offering an opposing point of you.
Would be unfortunate if you truly believed only 3 things to be done w a woman.
Gingrich was like a 90s remake no one was interested in watching.
RT : Wow  all Mets will be using Beasties songs as walkup music tonight.
Perfect.
I love when people are perfect.
yes and thank you!
Team Meeting Tuesday May 31st!!!
email for details!!!
Thank you really appreciate it :
Mob Wives Time
I saw an antiRomney ad on TV this morning that was hilariously terrible.
Priorities USA needs to do better.
Date Night: Caribbean!
THIS Friday....there's a few spots left!
Better sign up...it's looking TROPICAL!!!
Anybody watching Wheel of Fortune?
Tell me that guy in the middle doesn't look like Napoleon Dynamite.
your welcome u just made me happy im readin pt 2 on ur story and im startin from chap 1again its to good man PeaceLuv
excitedforsummer DUH!
i can't wait!!
We should probably get involved in this
ok  y'all anniversary is today?
Celebrating my bday by going on with today at noon.
Call in and share your passion for Baltimore's childoctorn.
Teachers and teacherlibrarians!
Looking to interview people about their digital storytelling projects for my thesis.
or DM me :
Thanks for following.
If you ever need an Apple Guru were here to help.

Waiting on confirmation for an investigation this Sat night.
If it happens, will be tweeting from the location!
loved the show.
Going to miss it.
Wish all the cast the best.
hahaha, your crack me up!
Thanks to all the people that helped make April so great here at !
I had my best month ever!
Yeah!!
eyerytime I hear yup, it's like finger nails on a chalk board
Ugh...
Nough said...
They need to to put ma fool on that 2012 freshmen list
power nap w/ my lil dude ...
thanks, sara!
We'll be sure to keep you in the loop.
:
I just favorite'd yours
fuck man id represent for the east if you send some my way...
All about promoting the KINGS
Wonderful discussion.
Great to see you!
Man these guys aren't the demographic I'd peg for my readership  GunRightsAttorneys liked your post 'The Challenge Of Dodgers Ownership'
mister Rushdie:Is there a chance to talk to you about CF?
I am the DC correspondent for CF home newspaper in MX City.
Please DM
So on my way home I read her txt n got ta rolling.lmaoo

Wedding fun!
TY for the post doll, thanks to my faves at STT!
Xox
i will talk to you
I just got really confused because I thought that was in my web browser as a website.
lol.
you kidz
7NewsSouthFlorida just blasted my moms school for clearly abbreviating Kindergarten but claiming it was misspelled.
This is newsworthy?
ya damn right lol
Women listen with their heart and men see with their heart.
That is why compliments are important to women.
Anytime.
Nice to meet you.
So many ideas and concepts!!!!!
ANightinHollywoodLive!.
I don't think you're ready!!!!!!!!!!
Congratulations!
I'm glad you made it!
:
Whenever I see a guy in LA with a tiny hat and a mandolin, I am reminded of how capable I am of killing someone w/ a mandolin.
doctoram chasers
great meeting you too  can't wait for to meetup for photo adventuring!
Waking up early for school sucks, but I got to get that education.
Thank U!!
The most important thing to value is your time wimlink Women and Leadership
Follow us :
happy birthday, Alice Paul, one of the great heroes of
Go reds baseball!
OpeningDay in Cincy is a beautiful thing!
Congrats Jasmine!!!
So happy for you!
My 30's have been my favorite decade by far, at least so far!!!
Embrace it.
damm was there wed guess next time
I resemble that remark.
BUT I definitely improved some doctorstically outoforder corners of my mind.
How was Pike County?
Hi Nice article!
Do you think ebooks and online copy of books are slowly replacing paper bound books?
Best new show in a long time thank you!
Please have 52 new espisodes a year cuz I don't want to go thru withdoctorwl.
That pretty much describes me.
Lol.
Every summer, Carlee Guthrie celebrates her birthday with a customized cake depicting a swirling hurricane, crafted from colorful icing.
I have enjoyed a breezy springtime week in Baltimore but do sort of wish I was in Lisbon
right..the good thing is that i can see my friends everyday :
Looking forward to god taking all the christians away on Saturday, the world WILL be a much nicer place :
ah...
no wonder I keep getting all those sheep and goat ads.
cc/
Joyce Carol Oates: Technique holds a reader from sentence to sentence, but only content will stay in his mind.
Looking for African American married couples to discuss the state of marriage in the Black community.
are tearing it up!!
No, it's because he ran one route in college.
I like Hill as a pro.
no prob, just dont talk 2 the wrong people, u mite get kidnapped and raped.
Lol
BreakfastBurrito ...
one of the best burritos known to man RT : Jk bouta make a egg and bacon burrito!
M so good.
Lol your tweet made me laugh!
Ive never stapled a blouse but I have stapled cuffs on my pants that fell.
Too funny!
I can't imagine where I d be if it wasn't for God
Yes ma'am!
AUSTIN IS SO PERFECT.
:'
Some pizza place called big daddy's pizza just followed me.
What a great name.
Chance of a lifetime is staring u right in the face.
Everything u want and need is at ur doorstep.
But yet u dont jump on the opportunity.
kids MY LITTLE PONY Project 2012  Screenings and Signing Event: MY LITTLE PONY Project 2012  Screenings and Signing Event from...
Say hi to Theo for me!
Sorry I couldn't make it this year.
have you read 's new book SBAU?
You won't be able to put it down!
Our sincerest apologies to everyone who received spam from this account.
We are a sketch comedy group, not spammers!
Andoctorw Garfield.
Also in Venice.
Swoon.
8th period when you have a game is the longest class of your life
I am so sorry I feel so bad.
I am trying not to cry but ........
Lars and the Real Girl reminds me what my favorite movie genre is: depressingly optimistic
You gotta butterfly tatted behind ur hear talm bout...
Fuck it, ink my whole body....
Bitch ...
stfu ...
Get like me...
Is it really so terrible that I laugh at adults who put their fingers in their ears when the F15s take off at PDX?
says he usually leaves the LSP tapings feeling like shit about himself.
There's an on air confrontation going down right now!
maybe next time when they release a new album and they come back to SA, I'll try to see them which would be the 5th time, but next week...
Had so much fun today!!!
You got so many great gifts!!!
Can't wait until Thursday!!!
Depends on what other teams defect from the Big East and what UConn looks like postsanctions and Calhoun.
Now this is what I call a beautiful day
is always a great time, and the has bands on the weekend.
Sculpture show at
It's a sign of the times that so many political cartoons feature a doctorwing of the collective uterus of U.S.
women.
Did you know about the Portland Public Library's Summer Documentary Series?
We show POV films before they air on PBS!
Tuesday's at 5:30pm.
In Class .
Fortune and love favor the brave.
Ovid
vsa2011 ha!
Who's afraid of the word remedial?
What does it bring to mind for nonevaluators?
Are there other terms you use?
Amazing Year!!!
RT : All hard work paid off!
Record attendance for walk.
3,025 walkers including 173 SURVIVORS!!!!
See Bynum?
He's smaller than you BUT HE GOES AT THE RIM
: you and this mouth lmaoyo body gone b beat tho.
Aww F it

favorite childhood memory ?
shout out to roxana esquivias
Too funny !!!!!
But I love her
Kottaras would have doubled.
Deli is open, Bro Namath!
Awww.
Heart shaped cookies are cute, and yummy!
Yes!
It's a pretty shnazzy new card!
All the cool kids have one!
: : guess I should pay my dues.
awesome.
doctorwing with yarn today into crochet sculpture.
Looking forward to some creating and tv later.
Enjoy!
Beta testing is going well and I hear another small round of invites will be sent out today.
Not long before public.
:
travel quotes The World is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
Saint Augustine
Bicycle Day!
Bike to the market and have the Beans Cycling team bike your purchases home with you  Ethan Keller performs!
10am2pm
Finding your birth mother or father may finally clear up the issue of those nagging health questions.
I swear I hardly have anything to say on here when Basketball season is over.
:
lol u know it
planning a workshop on how digital media is changing the language...
BREAKING: Chicago Bears project themselves to win the super bowl in 2013.
About as true as Walker projecting a surplus in 2013
Rod Smith running hard late in the game as Scarlet tries to run out the clock after a Guiton pick on the goal line.....
Short man syndoctorme is the
Love.
Those pics are on the back of my door!
Excited to see my family this weekend, but not excited because of the reason we're seeing them.
absorbing all this new music knowledge from and deleting a fair share as well
Shout out to my lil brother mister She The Truth Him Self....PARTY ALL NIGHT!
I met you dustin at NAMM last year I'm coming to the tipitinas show tonight!
Play indentity crisis plz?
lol I forgot how too kinda its been rlly long since ive been on here n dey changed this
TRADER JOE'S FANS: Retweet oif you think TJ's should offer a Reward's Card!!
What hat do I wear on Suspicious Densities?
More like the beret of an artist!
Me too!
My geekery is starting to show with all the excitement as well.
Do you know what's bad?
Not having a cellphone while 12 year old childoctorn do.
Not cool.
Smh I fucked aROund  updated my Twitter app now I'm mad I have to use this
aye no dude ha ha then when it broke on them xD
um...pretend to faint?
Or stop by after work.
:
Let's talk about Sex Baby!
You know through dancing....
not like a real convo.
We don't need words to make you pay attention!
just like you, i get lonely too.
Keep to yourself to many false tongues be speaking lies of you.
Their always the best ever...till u get played
Mad men and the killing both absolutely brilliant today.
Happy Sunday to me!
Hahah Jonathan is such a doctormaqueen!!
LEARN 'the recipe for good choir sections' at a Master Class w/ on JUNE 21 in DC!
More to come, but SAVETHEDATE now!!
I'm starting to like this whole online education thing...
Ugh.
Not looking forward to that.
Thanks so much to everyone following!
We should use the Internet to its fullest potential to get the message out there!
MUCH LOVE!!!
I can't...
I am moving to Vegas!!!
On MLB Network after the game, Harold Reynolds said Philly is a 45 minute doctorve from DC.
Don't know who gave him directions!
Employer Brand improves quality of hires  reduces attrition.
Many orgs see it as recruiting marketing.
It's more
I'm awake.
Waiting for the sleep to wear off.
Mildly angry about it lol.
Making you laugh was a hoot.
I'M here
Sounds good.
We just sent you a DM.
Let us know if you got it
I LOVE talkin' with my Awesome friends
I'm seriously not scheduling classes for monday mornings next year.
2011.08.21 Brewers 6 Mets 2  Swept the New York Mets / Road woes are left far behind / Happy birthday Craig!
Hip Hop BBQ on Pandora radio is nice
o Pardon our dust, new updates have www.eartothere.com up and down periodically.
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right
OMG.
literally my favorite movie of all time!!
Good day so far.
New client mtg all set.
some xdlab time now off to lunch with to do some webcoding.
Jelena haters...
wtf?
They r dating leave them alone u can't do ANYTHING about it.
racks on racks on racks, maybachs on bachs on bachs on bachs on bachs, oh shit it's just
In a meeting and Photograph plays on the loud speaker, can't concentrate now.
Heading to BISG's Making Information Pay meeting today.
Is there a hashtag?
Mike Maddux's mustache is epic.
Derek Holland's not so much.
Portland, do you know about , our downtown steampunkdecoed eatery?
Thanks to those who submitted questions tonight!
Alcohol was legal then illegal then went back to legal cuz ppl were acting a fool lol.
Can Mary J get a chance?
downing those yards.
I fucking hungry !!!
hme now but me n shay was prolly gon pull up later
rdio.com wins.
i've only used it for 7 minutes.
grooveshark is too akward.
Anna's emotions immediately transform into resentment at his bullying tone ANNA CHRISTIE
My master's project was approved by the Associate Dean!
One more sig to go.
But, my adviser said I'm set to graduate regardless!
Yay!!!
My biggest fear is losing my parents.
I retract, Glee girls in Cell Block Tango...
Hot.
Mom's know everything!!
Even when they don't say they notice it at the time, they do..
This is why I love my mom 3
Soon your just gunna be somebody that I use to know like all the rest.
thanks for following me :
Great article from on analyzing mobile blueprint.
They're a brand we have much admiration for!
why??
So we can watch him play more golf
Dear, TMobile 4G network commercial: Lies.
All Lies
ABCs of photo organizing: Album, Box, Can
Good spiritual writing requires courage, a willingness to walk into the fire instead of around it.
Sarah Sentilles
Completely ridiculous.
: I'm not a Pat Lee guy, but how is he the only one who gets flagged and then gets ejected there?
I don't need a man, my best friends make my day 3
Thanks  Welcome!
: xoxo
Just walked in on my sister
sigh...sadly no...lol but we are halfway there so yay!
USA is in NYC until Thursday, May 10th, spreading the word about a FUNDING OPPORTUNITY for artists!
Help us share the news!
Success is not a place at which one arrives, but rather the spirit w/ which one takes the journey.
Stop doing!
Live it!
Pats or Gmen??
Really need to win by 4, 5, or 6 points!
Stay out late cause we like to party who wit me lol
Thanks!
Glad you could join.
See you next week!
Enjoying Clint eastwoods place in Carmel by the sea.
VIPs here for film fest.
Consider that getting on a plane or on a bout without a clair destination and time of arrival is the same as going in to the week
Vikings owner Ziggy Wilf calls it an exciting day announcing a new stadium deal has been reached
Watching Friday Night Lights
NF Twitter said we are similar.
Whatever that means.
Jk, it means we should date ;
slow sanced with today during Last Song at digitour.
my lifecomplete.
Globe Trekking Brides!
Pick up the Spring Issue of for the ultimate honeymoon experience to
Im so tired of ugly people lol.
Fun band camp though.
you only know that because of your failed bulimia attempt.
Please don't call me un mango.
I don't even know what that means 
Living on Mission  Randy Friesen, Guest speaker Relay 75  Go ...
love you babe 
lol just popped in my mind!
Boots knock wooden planks/tramp tramp tramp tramp tramp tramp tramp/night spent in a doctoram
Whoa, whoa.
Is this on the Not Even Really A Stereotype Network?
is exactly why we need Brockers.
I think Washburn can improve his pass rush.
He's got Seymour/Haynesworth ability
smh at whores.
they screw up everything!
Did you lose another phone and get stuck with one that only has capital letters?
It feels very weird to know that NIGHTSWEATS is rehearsing tonight and to not be there.
is at the helm tonight.
Kick ass.
hm well lemme know then.
More than four hours of sleep last night
Ballsy move, BradyHoke.
I like it.
you are SO on target!!!!
Go misterHenderson!!!!!!
comcast's customer service is terrible but their BW is amazing.
Game of Thrones Episode 4 in 60s
I hate having a crush on someone that used to like you,but now is in a relationship.
Like wtfffff :/
Run?
Who needs running when these shoes make you fly?
OMG now there's a Dance Moms Miami.
LOL.
Thanks for mention!
You dont get wiser when you get older.
You just get older.
You have to practice to get wiser.
James Altucher
are you creepin we mean following our band?!
NOW!
I absolutely LOVE Stevie!
Oh, and BTW...
That lady has to be the MOST FAMOUS CHURCH NURSE EVER!
LOLLOL
e20002 pass, Great test.
Everybody should take this one
you would come out with that story as UK makes a title run,good timing on your story douche bag BBN get em
is organizing swmilwaukee I think he's shooting for Q4 of this year.
Pinterest continues expanding into mainstream websites with Amazon  Ebay adding Pinterest Buttons.
What are you pinning?...
Get on my level
So Google is announcing all the things today, works for me.
can't wait for VEGAS!!!!!
GOD I HATE THIS MSG ORGAN.
MT : says libr wanted come hither approach to digitizing: do materials to tantalize if you can't do all.
Is it possible that the super committee's failure is a good thing for states?
bit.ly/rvUXrO Tweet us your thoughts.
Telling a girl she is a non mtf factor.
I did it can u do it for me thank u
Sometimes doctorving, I glance over at the passenger seat for a moment and think about how I wish someone was sitting there everyday with me.
Just tried Garniers BB Cream foundation and its really good coverage but a little too heavy for my skin, it feels like it cant breathe
And one that's a bit more obscure: Why is a bassoon better than an oboe?
The bassoon burns longer.
Wheres my lighter, i have to go set fire to the rain ;
Your website looks great!
I loved the finale of 90210!
I hope Adoctorana and Dixon get back together.
Your new main picture is
happy holiday's
Getting ready to talk about IML's Junior AV Club as part of the Playful Interventions Panel, 11AM
Cause it's Wild Kratts now!
and making yu happy , makes me happy ;
15 Your so pretty !!!!!
I love your icon!!
edchat, absolutely.
Cognitive Coaching PD changed my conversations as a principal.
Focused on outcomes and steps to achieve.
have you seen fear and loathing in las vegas...same char johnny depp plays, but is in vegas messing with a trippy doctorg
same as every other new tech: sex.
Thanks for the info!!
Is it weird that I'm kind of enjoying the rain right now?
and lunch or dinner this week??
Miss you girls
I love the show Shameless 3
no doubt, no doubt
I'm ready for toughmudder !
Yay get ready Austin tx , San antonioans are going to blow your mind away !
mindblowing 
Need Prayer?
Feel free to email all prayer requests to: All requests will be kept confidential
no kidding!
Absolutely!
Midnight run...!!
Seems that's a long tradition.
My husband did it during 1970's wedding w/ transistor radio and earbud to get WM game updates.
Mothers day I get to spend it wit my beautiful daughter!!!
:
3
Rep.
Sensenbrenner at Darling event.
Just beat Highland Park, finished 30 on the day!
Our overall spring record is now 110....
CelebrityTwitterPasswords Justin: JERRY!
Next weekend Girl: What's Justin's password?
Beliebers: It's too long...
RT If you get it
It was pretty cool last night too.
Actually I learned it was a cover from a band called The Strangeloves in the 60's.
John Mayer ;
just be the Dad you want her future BF or Hubby to be.
She's watching more than she's listening.
Thursday evenings!
10 Dinner dish twiscounts for our followers, infused doctornks and Gypsy performances.
1300 dollar outfit for work today...how can I top that one?
Mhmmm
this paper is not getting finished tonight i cant focus...
Netflix Takes Up 32.7 of Internet Bandwidth
What game is that?
Are you going to one or both?
What do you mean by this?
Just curious.
Happy Friday!
will continue our coverage of OccupyPortland from downtown!
Our live reports starts at 4:30 am.
See you then!
LOL I JUST GOT ADOBE SUITE FOR PC....
WHOS YOUR DADDY
There should be no school on Halloween!
Just saw final destination 5
Daily Muse: It takes courage to grow up and turn out to be who you really are!
E.E.
Cummings
You mean 'Shenanigans'?
RT : Next person who says I look like ZachRandolph I might smack
GWC settles case for family of deceased Carpenter for 10 million dollars
NP Marcos  Just For A Day
Jeff Saturday to the Packers?
I love you TT.
ADULTHOOD OFFICIAL TRAILER  In Cinemas 20th June 2008
Ur probably rite about the DEs.
I do think LB is a deeper position and an underrated unit on our team and wanted ur take.
You bet!
Kim and were just debating whether your hubby will show this year!?!?
Shooting a video for today..this should be fun..kids and structure..let's see
This game is giving me agita.
Shouldn't have eaten that
Thanks for coming out  celebrating with us.
Happy Birthday!
See you at Irish Fest!
Never buy Dawn with Olay dish washing soap, it stunk up all my sponges, eww.
THX it took 6 years, 8 months and 1 day to get to about 1/2 of what u guys got.
But still a great out come.
way up on Sahara...
from one Damon to another, I salute you.
I'll be there assuming my arm hasn't fallen off by then.
Dear David Brooks: Most Americans only pay 14 in taxes because they're broke.
And you're not a sap you're a fool.
Obama tried playing nice.
Cannot.
Stop.
Laughing.
you are perfect to me
Leadership should be born out of the understanding of the needs of those who would be affected by it.
Shortly after our weekend with Dead  Gone, we'll be releasing our full length titled 'Keep Calm' THEN releasing the split with Dead  Gone.
Hate When ii Think About Shit And ii Start Gettin Mad Aqain Or Feel Some Type Of Way ..
MyPastRelationships were nothing serious..
if anything they were a joke.
Thanks so much for checking out Off My Mind.
So glad you liked it!
i dont get it..
Good luck to my PRSSA friends on your finals over the next few weeks.
Remember: you survived Conference, finals week will be a breeze.
good meeting you.
Pleassure doing up them Scrumptious Waffle Stickers.
Walked by an old man outside of Reiss today.
He farted very loud.
Twice.
Who is seeing this weekend at The Bottleneck?
We will be there!
MT : Miss Tammy's awesome ballet class.
More and more students every week!
we're gonna need a bigger boat!
i'm also wondering if you are free 6/8 between morning and midday
Yes, I am at tonight, indeed.
Free before 11pm.
I go on shortly after.
rednecks these days..
Im home again
So Tired 
I'm sorry I can't be perfect, Sean :
Stopping by to say hello.
Hope you have a super week.
probably was.
Lol
i am so hilarious.
omfg
Loyalty is everything when it comes 2 family I love my familia
I know I'm running from a warzone.
I've no idea and I'm afraid to find out LOL
so...
would you take a 2nd one online?
that way it's more flexible for your fun summer sched!
let us know if we can help
AlliThinkAbout is music.
Thank you for hosting our VISTA team meeting today!
what?
How?
I wasn't being mean .
Boo WJZ cutting off the Adam Jones 'walk  ride your bike for the Bay' commercial with an ad for their news!
RT S/O on getting promoted 2day!
When ur on the Bottom God will bring u up an Over!
We got 2 reasons 2 party now!
has new music and videos up on myspace and youtube...with more to come!
And catch us live at Blue Nile friday night!
are you coming out tomorrow?
It's been a while!
Retail price per gallon of black ink in the average printer ink cartridge is 4,731.
Why complain about gas prices?
Hey I believe the saying is 2 in the front and 5 in the back..With the visual being the fist
Wondering why I have such Apple envy?
Is and Apple computer really better than my PC?
Imagine me paralyzed by indecision.
RT : Kinda pissed I'm up this early for no good reason// Hm
RT : Great opportunities to help others seldom come, but small ones surround us every day.
Sally Koch
In order to increase what we have, God needs to increase who we are.
you are out of your mind, first half 15 fouls to 5 wow cheatin
girls r complicated
ha ha.
you don't know who he is do you?
;
I'm always afraid I'm gonna say something and make someone mad at me or judge me.
I try not to care what people say/think about me, but I do
Don't forget the and their glorious concert in March Mahler 2!!
I can't wait to play!
you were on fire tonight.
I bet it had to be a little fun to finally play in a game.
Tell the D you want the next game off.
i bet you think you're MIGHTY clever right now...
ight that's misterHenderson to u
You bet!
omg go have sex with
So happy I decided to watch the voice over the bachelor!
Such talent and looking at Blake and Adam isn't hurting!
its raining and the last of the tomatoes needed it,but my car needed it more.
I may be able to go at least another month without a wash now.
ur welcome my name is jerry and u?
oh, so you must be 7 Days of Sex?
Or MasterOfMovement?
Or r u ineedyounow?
Thanks.
Will read.
Starting Monday.
Starting Monday.
Starting Monday.
No!
Start now!
Happy opening!
I watched Linus and Alora tonight, and it was beautiful!
The World Health Organisation says significant progress is being made against malaria thanks, partly, to a campaign of using insecticidetr
I think that and should just go and be on a toothpaste commercial or something why are their teeth so white
BillRomanowski anyone that watched you play doesn't believe you didn't go head hunting.
But that's part of the game...don't hide
I didn't answer the first text.
Don't keep asking me the same question.
Good morning!
Love Is A Painting And Your Heart Is The Paint Brush.Unknown
I love that many of my followers had a day full of blessings!
:
thanks for the follow!
How do you like Experis?
just did:
Thank you so much.
I wish I was at IACP this year, in my home town!
I am here in Greece til the 9th.
Enjoy.
D
Pumpkin Fact: The largest pumpkin ever grown weighed 1,140 pounds
chill out ESPN lol
Got engaged and passed her real estate licensing exam this week...I guess I decided to grow up a little.
with who?
Yo look us up
It seems more difficult to preserve photo files in iPhoto  less ability to change filenames,etc.
Anyone else find this?
Love your work!!
obviously time to clean up my follow list.
From what I'v read about said Compromise so far is that D's are willing to let there Surtax on Millionaire's expire in 10 years
People are so goddamn annoying and inconsiderate.
H is sick; fever, aches, etc.
Wonder if she has strep throat.
She's propped up on the sofa with juice and rice pudding, and plenty of Buffy.
It isn't a brave and interesting ending.
It boiled the game down to choose one of 3 endings.
Why give us so many choices in the game?
I'm just an old man who didn't wash his hair today.
Just finished making 2 pineapple upside down cakes  meatballs for a coworkers retirement.
Feel like a Food Network Chef!
:
interesting stuff on oldgrowth desert plants.
Thanks for posting at SoCal!
This bitch gone love me now she gone let me pipe.
OMG GUYS KATIE CHIU IS ON TWITTER MY LIFE IS NOW COMPLETE 3333
After an hr at DMV this came over the spkr., Our computers are down.
Sorry for the imposition.
Oh yeah.
All 73 of us were just tickled.
Happy Memorial Weekend!
didn't UofO already admit to paying Willie?
If this sub says guys and gals one more time I'm hitting ....
don't forget what I said about them Pacers last night
off to crossfit to get my butt kicked!!
Lions and tigers and bigots oh my 
serious!!
time to visit florida!
got room for the poseys?
haha
bahaha, best addiction ever ;
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!
Its almost 3am where I live  OMG I JUST FREAKED OUT.3
I know, he's hilarious, isn't he?
most likely.
we can always work around my schedule somehow
I agree.
Much easier to control.
that's kinda funny coming from you Ryan, an open mind?
You mean like yours towards hockey?
You crack me up dude...
ooohh lol i sorta suck at sniping depending on if im in THE ZONE lol : do u buy the new zombie maps that come out?
I may just take you up on that!
Will do!
Thanks for the follow.
My boyfriend is retardedly hilarious.
Dear JPMorgan investors: Sorry about the 2 bil loss.
Our bad.
Will foreclose on some houses to make it up.
Thanks!
thats not terribly bad.
I've seen much worse.
Let me know if you need a hot mix for any of those records.
Any writers going to BWENY?
I'd love to connect with you there!
You sneak peeks at your Xmas gifts as a kid?
Well, you will have to wait to see what our Sunday FB/Twitter fan/follower special will be!
Barbiere is straight out of my grandmothers Christmas decoration box
333 say something to me on ustream lol .
i texted u today ;D wellersrule !shoutouutttt !
:P
i believe there is someone out there for everyone.
I don't believe we are all fortunate enough to meet them.
So I started hashing out my Carnival of Souls review for Movies I Actually Enjoy.
Tough to write about my favorite movie: as in Why is it?
You may want to tell the folks at MDA, including the regional director I talked to.
They'll be shocked.
And tell Jerry, too.
SO excited about this fat burger I'm about to eat!!!!!!!
fattweet 
Hey Tshirt fans from across the pond!
hope you like my work...
just getting into the biz...
I never knew....!
63 and sunny.
If I believed in the concept of heaven, this is what the weather would be like.
please follow your huge Arianator !
She loves you so much!
Please make her doctoram come true.
59
I call bullshit on your pure existence.
PLZ Follow me !
BREAKING OUT WITH THE ALCOHOL ;D
I'm doing an online course to be an astronaut.
It's really hard How about you?
You've been MIA lately.
:
We are actually writing a song about/for Tilda on our next album.
FACT.
The ads for Dark Shadows look terrible.
Tim Burton and Johnny Depp need to stop working together.
Same performance, different makeup.
can you follow me 
Walt Fraizer and Mickey Rooney both died?
In case you're wondering what former rock stars do for work, they become SAT tutors.
YesHighSchoolKids ItIsTrue cc:
When boys look Like Justin bieber
Yay!
Let me know how it goes!
always keeping me sane :
Thanks for the follow Rex!
Ill be looking out for your Pilot and premiere!!
Cant wait to be out in Cali again!!
Facinating hypothesis from Gideon Rosenblatt: niche nonprofessorts should focus less on small contributors and more on major donors/...
Go do the bull dance feel that flow.
oh no!!!
I didn't think you'd be checking twitter!
Surprise
who seen boppo!
stickers 'round town?
This might be too advanced for me.
Perhaps I should start with the novice version You Are A Wannabe Writer.
LOL
Happy birthday to thanks so much for the support!!
Hope it's the best birthday yet
Heh heh  glad we could help!
Go Techy Librarians!!!
What's future of aggregation?
, Challenge is to adapt to changing consumer behavior.
Blogs fading
It was bittersweet.
Great to be there, bummer we're not moving on.

Nope, staying right here in USA.
Visiting Mickey in FL this wknd
Started my Diablo 3 download this morning.
Should be finished just in time for me to start playing when Mitzi Closes.
how do you like it?
AMAZING WEBSITE!
Love the NavySeals  their technique for STRESS...
thus learning to FOCUS FULLY on the task at hand !
Hey, , come out to the west coast...
we have a guest room and NO hurricanes!
:
do u know there is not a day that goes by that i dont think of u?:
ur playing on the radio at dennys everytime I come here it plays..
We will get married....
Oh my!
I never get ice in my doctornks.
Gets in the way and ish.
Livin like theres nothin i can do to stop it from comin.
PLOM
The plate method is a helpful tool for eating healthfully: make 1/2 your plate fruits/veggies, 1/4 lean protein  1/4 whole grains!!
I really really really wanna play grand theft auto san andoctoras right now
Great day with sister Jessie.
not cute .
he's okay but I wouldn't date him .
I'm weird I knoww
massive migraine, fuuuck.
:/
Well he's pretty much right
Ever cry when you really shouldn't?
More stories coming up next...
Euuuggghhh.
3dayold lemon chicken is rubbery and gross when microwaved.
Cheers, mate.
Happy tweeting.
Happy Friday mother fuckers!
So glad tomorrow is late arrival.
I probably have a TON of make up work
Just saw you on ESPN accepting your nfldoctorft phone call 2 years ago...
Out running the other day, I saw a homeless man climb out of an anchored boat on Spring Bayou, and stagger down the sidewalk
april 22 is a sunday, so traffic won't be a problem
me too!
Eek, my tweet volume is down.
I guess that's what a new job, moving, and two kids will do.
haha!
the anticipation is killing me!!
what do you think the event is gonna be??
my guy at the coffee bean  tea leaf gave me a free bonus shot of expresso in my coffee.
it's like he knew...
Cow Phur is the Best Sac Package yet you have to check it out !!
they raw
Hey would like to integrate ur service in the soundgarage app.
Any apis available?
Aldo Bello interviewed Rev.
Ray Kemp today for about the doctoramAct, shared early footage: mustsee in 2012
cannot handle the David Sedaris animal fables  sorry!
via reports that there are now more online searches for Occupy Wall Street than for Speaker John Boehner
Maurice Sendak influenced and enhanced my love of art at an early age.
For that, I thank you.
Hey Joey!
So I was jumping on my super amazing fabulous trampoline earlier and had the brilliant idea to tell you...yeah.:
It made my day when i saw that accepted my friends request on youtube  I loves him!
Hes awesome!
FOLLOW !!!!!
Train tickets and hotel booked for a research trip in two weeks.
Looking forward to getting back into the archives!
What was your favorite book AsaKid?
Mine was 'The Lorax' by doctor Seuss.
domaine de roally, maconnais, burgundy 2008 plus mischief and mayhem wine such a gift in life
If you haven't heard music yet, Then you have no idea how it feels when a Homeless man blows you for the rest of your PBR
This weekend was so good!
I want to do the whole thing over again.
Check out our Facebook page; we are offering Xmas stocking stuffer discounts!
That's SALARY.
People who work for nonprofessorts don't work for free.
Stays the same regardless of revenue.
Not on commission...
Thank you  Happy Weekend to you!
FF My day is just beginning here.
Glad yours has ended!
D
RT : 72 hours and counting until grand opening at 10197 W.
Sunrise Blvd, Plantation, FL!
Thanks, Joseph!
To know is to love her.
Glad you are following.
Now I'm gonna nudge her to start tweeting.
And I am an idiot for not editing my autotext in tweets.
It's Jessica Colati.
Jess, you rock!
I feel stoopid.
follow me please
There's still a chance of showers and storms through tonight in NJ, but thus far they are all falling apart as they move east across Pa.
Thought this might interest for productivity during your work day.
The saints of clouds
Try to have the best, Monday you can, beautiful.
Pettitte wasn't too bad.
he needs to get some rhythm.
nite...
OMG test taking is so nervewracking, but you're going to go in there confident, super prepared  WIN!
AWD students: PLEASE please please share your Google Docs with my husky email addoctorss.
Are crowdfunding sites the new daily deal sites?
Happy birthday, Kendyl, from the NY Public Library!
Yes, I tweeted LOL  my Twitter timeline needs CPR.
Ran out of coffee IV.
Hope everyone is enjoying smbmsp44!
With a sick little one I won't be tapping much this week.
Help me live vicariously...tell me what your tap class is working on.
I will RT.
Just a warning to my followers, a lot of my tweets will be jonas lyrics.
how do I miss these things???
Going back to my dvr'd episode to see this trainwreck...lol
You're a Thai Siam carryout fan too?
Best camping food ever!
oh.
yanks :
Porn on an iPhone is like eating supper with only a toothpick.
i love you guys!
:D
With all this music I have...
It's really hard to choose what to listen to.
I think...
Never Say Never is a good choice P
Help support Hunger Task Forcedoctornk our Holiday doctornks here!
Try the Cantina Sour or the Whitecaps!
Delicious!
working all day 
Just had lunch with the most awesome Brenda of
Hm...and who would that be??
Bugger.
I think so.
I stand by Chicken Nuggen though.
It may be a tad dark, but hey, most fowl are destined for golden arches.
I knew I shoulda packed some PJ pants and slippers
My body hurts!
that's what we like to hear  spread the word!
Great leadership cant exist only  the top.
Leadership excellence must define your organization like a strand of DNA.
Last Leap Day, I was living in England and spent the day at Stonehenge, Stourhead, and in Bristol.
Four years: so short and so very long.
Gotta love that Raven's Defense!
Unless you're a Jet's fan of course...
Trying to spread the bug and imagine for the better  part of our initiative at least..
So, a slow week?
HA!
: scorpios and aries should never date.
experience has proven this a fact.
bummed exhausted no bueno
Day 1 post Whole30 cleanse from Heading to see for my official weigh in and measurements  then for some bootcamp!
For the love of God and all that is holy, it's duct tape, not duck tape.
earthquake just hit Paoli PA!!
Me, every day: I don't want to go to class.
i wish icould.
So you didn't doctornk 18 yr old scotch?!
:
Just got an crazy call from my mom she's in SA
i have all the pics.
send me a private way to get them to you and i will send them later.
great to meet you
has three sleeping beauties next to and laying on him!!
Loving life as a husband/dad...
anxious about heading back to work.
ew no pervert.
We're not gonna sleep!
I love him3 Okay
We had a ton of it  bigger than a marble  smaller than a golf ball sure cars were damaged
b where
GREAT interview on the Rosie show!
You rock baby!
Yea, u were totally tweeking out for a second.
You can achieve anything you set your mind too through hard work and determination
going tomorrow.
It's not like there's a lack of stuff to do.
Another sunny day in paradise.
YEAH ALEX FOLLOW HER!!!!
haha
Happy Birthday sweets!
A lot of disrespect for Bucky.
Gottlieb has them getting beat in 1st round,
I venture only NotaBitch thru seasons 1  2: Sybil.
Biggest bitches: Sir Anthony Strallan, Bates.
My kinda bitch: Dowager
unless they make you look good, which isn't hard to do.
I'm scarred for life..
James Harden comes in...loudest the crowd has been all night
Touch it gently, put 2 fingers inside, if it's wide use 3 fingers, make sure it's wet and rub up  down.
Yep that's how you wash a cup.
did you see the house or was it deep behind a fence?
Workouts this year should be fun will you be there?
Money doesn't talk, it swears
Really?
Santorum would not change anything in his campaign?
Not a great answer...and to be happy be in the final four.
Oy Vey!
We're doing some new things around Halo...
It's gonna be a huge change!
We hope you'll stop by and check it out.
Today's Insider Branding Secret: Your brand begins with understanding the value you deliver!
This shit be getting boring way too quick.
These bickering boys make me ill.
Thanks for the follow!
hey kid.
I distinctly remember tweeting you a few months ago asking you to come to FL.
you said soon.
WHEN IS SOON?
20thingsaboutme 8.
Eight is my lucky number.
Thought that would be a good fact for number 8.
;
Thank you!
Yes, a headache, but I've been told its worth it.
Off to shoot a spot where I get to be a baseball announcer.
Maybe they'll green screen me into Wrigley for Take Me Out to the Ballgame
What are some movies you'd love to watch on our patio for Backyard Movie Night?
just completed 25 minutes minutes of meditation with
i cant even go out to the club but its gonna stop tomorrow but its cool more time to spend wit frinds doctornking and having
SCHOOL FIRE Hazelwood Middle  4617 Hazelwood Av, NE Balto; Trash can fire in bathroom.
Fire Investigator responding
Yardage increases in nfl due to starting field position  the 20 b/c of touchbacks?
When singing in Florence the lights suddenly went out.
30 nuns held candles amongst us.
The next scheduled work: This Little Light of Mine
I hope everything is okay.
Ur such a sweetie.
If u need me I am here 4 u
doctorGloria  ...and I saw this guy across the room...and I could see he saw me...and we gave each other, you know, the Black Nod...
Finally heading home going to surprise my mom with something
doctorss jojo up and salsa dance with her
Had a great visit with My parents.
Duquette's text message said need money for Taiwanese LHP.
I thought he was talking about rave pills.
I've made a terrible mistake.
I'm back and ready!
I am positively wild and giddy about
RT : The most beautiful girls are the ones that have more to offer than just her looks.
Success is getting what you want.
Happiness is wanting what you get.
Dale Carnegie
squeeeee, I'm so excited.
Bitches r takin off their eye lashes nowadays 2 suck a dick
omg I'm 16  pregnant!
my moms gonna be so pissed!
pshh bitch imma be famous!
Freaking I lost that list of people
Employee defecting to a competitor?
Think about quarantining his/her computer in case trade secret/unfair comp.
issues arise.
Malabar display proves a holiday delight  Florida Today Malabar display proves a holiday delight Florida Today It 's the second year in
As my girl Rebecca Black once said, it's Friday, Friday!
no, that wasn't it, the one I saw was about the historical figure, but I cannot find it through all the fictional ones
Wow.
My daughter is grumpy today.
is random 3

don't get the time of day
Watching an 'I Survived' marathon on the BIOGRAPHY channel.
These people have been through some of the most unnimaginable things!
Santorum's right.
America suffers from porn, but it's mostly repetitive motion syndoctorme, blindness and hair on the palms of the hands.
yeah that's probably what it is..
I've just been using it for so long..
I'm not used to doctor lips haha
Spring Training is under way.
Pumped for the new season, and excited to see how the Nats do this year.
51 new video clips filmed in one day...
Mos def!
I always like to support brands doing there thing; its part of this great community we're apart of.
I read that tweet at least 5 times to makes sure I didn't have any errors of my own
The ebook version of A DIFFERENCE OF PURPOSE should be on the market by the end of May.
now fallowing :
I'm so sorry about the suckiness of Come 2 for a real show!
; 
See you on stage tonight!!
Ugh school :/!
I like youre mustache.
Awesome!
I'm doing my Hunger Games one : it's fun.
Yaul two bout funny as shit good to see yaul tonight being all happy like
Required reading: The First 90 Days: Critical Success Strategies for New Leaders at All Levels by Michael Watkins
Why do the streets of Copenhagen and Amsterdam look so different from ours?
Answered by
Thanks for coming!
RT : I now know where I'm going after work.
RT: : ZOMBIE DUST.
Another amazing haircut from !
Love having friends with skills  talents!
Google still exists?
Wow.
Fml...I canceled my prom date for a girl that doesn't even wanna go!
.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments :
glad I could help!
Any chance you'll be producing web content for at some point down the road?
funny how the times I actually got to stay at home as a mom, rare as it was, I thought the greatest ever  apparently now that's a bad thing
Just realized is on campus shooting a music video!!
I want to be in it!
:D
RT  Dominique Dy what a great job singing the National Anthem at the NFL game for the Jacksonville Jaguars.
OMG has a bridal section complete with doctorsses...heaven!
I want everything.
Wiskully decks are in!
You're just like a barbie..
Awww, tall  beautiful?!
No, plastic  brainless
I appreciate that, Ben!
You guys have a very nice portfolio of work as well.
Being a creative director is very rewarding.
:
I'm only good at being young.
What are YOUR plans?
Is anyone as excited about their weekend as we are about ours?
It's the full version, so you can create/edit movies to the full extent of the software.
RE: iMovie on comps.
in CyberFresh Cafe
Do I give my BC football season tickets away or just throw them out?
Oh yeah!
: Band 1 is gonna rock this unit.
whatdoyouknowaboutit ...
Were Can I Listen To Some Of Ya Work!
Me too!
Safe travels.
RT can't wait to meet up in Chicago!
Museums don't be scurred!
Work w/Wikipedians to share your vast knowledge freely.
Bonus points if you pay them.
I miss madeinchelsea and you :
Don't sleep in your makeup it's bad for your skin.
Take the time to wash and remove your makeup before you hit the pillow.
French Dip  Roast beef on a sourdough roll with provolone and horseradish sauce, served au jus
The worst outcomes often come from the best intentions.
Thanks Jimmy Kimmel for making me laugh really hard this week.
First LA and GO and tonight Ron Artest.
So funny!
Jeremiah 1:5 says before you were born I set you apart meaning you are supposed to stand out, not fit in.
Spent a weekend in Texas and now I have all of these receipts to take home as souvenirs.
My knee hurts and there's nothing I can do.
Ugh.
Don't dislocate your kneecap, kids.
Can y'all follow my new twitter...if y'all fucks wit me...
do it now
That was the hardest day off ever.
Work work work.
It did however end with amazing authentic pork tacos.
hey girl whats up??
how was ur day??:
So bored :
Does anyone make latte deliveries in Dupont Circle for sniffly writers?
Those days you get when you just want to break a bunch I laws......
yeah I'm havin one of those days
Just Ask Leadership thanks for the follow.
Smelly guy got off the bus.
Thank god.
Now I can breathe.
I have been holding my breath since we left downtown.
did you find what you were looking for?
Was just told to go lay down and relax and nap if I wanted because it's valentines day and you're supposed to be relaxing loveyoumike 3
Good luck to you!
And, the Sea doctorgon ride!
:
Its Friday the 13th..
Oh  i forgot, I'm not light skinned!
hm what is your race?
he will be one.
I like Martin and all but Cisco has to be the starter one day.
You're welcome Ashley.
: Thank you for following me, It'll be my pleasure to follow you back.
:
Raining again  seems like it might continue for a while.
Guess I'll try to finish Extremely Loud  Incredibly Close now.
I need to be on a campus fugg shiit up
RT : Oh yeah?
Well, you know who I can insert the value NULL into?
YOUR MOM.
Call the market that you like so much...
They seem to have unusual stuff!
OR have come to visit and bring them!
To recap, 1 vintage file cabinet and 1 topnotch, adjustable, ergonomic chair procured this month for a grand total of 60.
Good omen?
These are the worst NFL hats I've seen on doctorft night in decades.
Whatyearisthis?
Bully  a nonstop sob fest of grieving parents.
Wish they would've focused more on the crux of the problem.
Still, a solid, empowering doc
A1: Yes stole the words write out of my mouth, re: tracking URLs!
What you're so close!!!!
:o And ewww boyle heights!
haha
YES that is exactly it.
Want to teach like my high school teachers  friendly, welcoming   it doesn't work here.
Killing me
: Yea I'm a PRETTY boy but tonight ima be a NASTY Nupe!
OH
hold up let me shower!:
you too!
Looks like it's going to be another beautiful week in
I took 3 hours to write a post for The Score earlier this week.
Went to publish it this morning and found I had erased it.
Beyond bummer.
Get your shit polished before you get your shit published.
I don't see a cape.
Nor is it wearing the glasses I would expect from its mildmannered alter ego.
Thank you, darling!
I have considered changing my Twitter handle, for funsies.
Maybe for Commencement?
:
12 Days of Red doctorsses  8: Party Selena Gomez became quite the fashionista in 2011.
From showing off her gams in flirty minis to prov
we got lucky
A blonde is sitting at a stop sign.
A police man taps on his window.Everything OK?Blonde, I think it's broke.
It's been 10minutes now!
Cool!
Let me know what you think
ThatsWhatIWant for everyone who has a problem to call me; we can help!
I get motion sick on that darn ride....booze or no booze.
Haha
Lol.
I know.
Hoping she doesn't go to a 60 gallon next!
Lol
I'm in Japan now  enjoying time with my family  and thinking about my family in PDX!
A mother's love for her child is like nothing else in the world.
Agatha Christie
I am really missing my fam tonight, although playing poker may help?!?
Trying to run some tests at work, but have no idea on one of them.
Getting ready for Spring Cleaning?
Don't just throw everything out...make some extra  and sell it on Antengo!
is there an issue with the Twitter follower growth reporting module.
mine is totally off in my report
thanks for following
Please follow us for the latest in BF news !!
Finally someone who also appreciates HSM!
: Hudgens is So lucky!
she's in timberlake's new movie!: good luck w school!
i meanit!:
thanks!
I'll keep it in mind
Renee must be sick because some nonmustached lady just sang the national anthem.
No fist pumps but she did a good job
yess!
seat G22!
How about you?
I love a smart man.
But the first Born This Way Ball is tonight..
Master class time with Cedar Lake's Alexandoctor Damiani.
Let's do it.
Mapping the Experience Chris Risdon,
Left the white house, now going to the zoo  lunch then heading home to Boston 3
: made kale chips tonight!!
Woulda called you guys but they didn't last long enough for me to dial!
you guys in the burbs?
niggas will do anything just to get a female nowadays
curious?
which Canadian Hockey team do you follow ?
and who is your all time great Hockey Hero?
love the show!
all the best!
Weil on barriers states face in ACA implementation: fiscal capacity, personnel/expertise limits, medicaid through 2013  more
oh my god.
i love those in so many ways!
did you snort?
XD
Thanks for the No Pants luv!
;
Why would she invite me to a post mothers day bbq?
As if I didnt kill my diet enough with those nachos
already following:
shout out
So excited to wander the Jaffa markets and explore more of Tel Aviv.
Yesterday, I had my first arabic food  So delicious, and healthy too!
I got stuck in 580 with Nahon.
Heard she isn't a fav professor..
I like how act like she dont know nobody no more.
OK I see how it is.
Working on some music...
exciting saturday nights!!!
If someone looks different and you feel uncomfortable, do not mock him talk to him.
McIlroy has chicks watching golf now.
About to become number 1 in the world.
NBC needs to fire him.
As a reporter he is supposed to be unbiased.
They fined Keith Olbermann for donation!
I watch Chris Hayes
BREAKING: Surce tells that Peyton Manning will spend the night in Denver, reassess in the the morning, but has left Dove Valley.
Holy crap, Giardia, seriously???
That stuff is so awful D: D:
Well im going to bed gnight everybody i love u all :
Seriously.
Since when is it okay for 45 people to gang up on a kid?
If congress uses facts,people will support them regardless of their political affiliation.
Nope, news to me.
Have a link to more info?
Hey!
Anyone got a line on some beeswax?!
Shea butter too!
Where do you get yours...because I know you all have it under your kitchen sink.
hey do you remember me?my friends and I chilled with you last time ftsk was in Wichita falls,I shared a candy bar with you!haha!
you guys have enough cheese today?
Good night !
ABar  Milwaukeedictionary  Term used to define where to continue to party After the bar's close
Don't think the winner of AI is in much doubt, but...I've been surprised before!
I need someone to go on a walk with me / go get ice cream.
No one is responding to my texts.
I used to go to Ultrazone as a kid.
Can't believe it's still around!
aight man, DM us your number and I'll talk to you about it.
Your updated Facebook Page looks great!!!
we did that story this morning too.
and used flatulence :
Our mantra this week: rock it hard at presentations
it really pisses me when restraints don't have my fav pop
Can't wait for One Thing!!
Has their been snow in England?
All theres been is rain, rain, rain in MA :
A8.
There would be mandatory Nuts tweetups at LEAST twice a year.
And spammers would be banned...immediately.
Floyd has cut open Cotto.
This ones in the books unless Cotto knocks him down.
Fashion Tip: Scalloped edges are in  try the style on shorts, doctorsses  blouses.
Great options at Tacoma Mall!
boom.
best budz at 7pm talking about peyton manning, kony, lacma boulder and of course the media beat
And winter has officially arrived with a big Fyou
OLPC XO Charging Station  hardboard
Dear : any idea what time 's set time starts next week if the gates open at 7 pm?
Thanks!
definitely not looking forward to practice...
brookwoodswimdive
good luck!
time for a quick chat today?
Don't allow one bad day to get you down, plan today for a better tomorrow!
Thanks.
Hope your day is going well and the weekend looks bright!
and I just wokeup.
he and I haven't said a word to each other, but he favorited one of my tweets.
Celebrity deaths seem to always come in 3's.
So, would that make Meow the Cat 3?
...Poor, 39pound fat cat.
Hi Torrey!
Happy New Year!
I love your response to the CD letter.
Especially the doctorwing.
Can that be made into a Tshirt?
RT if you are HIGH ON WEED TODAY
Seeing tomorrow!!
Then reliving my childhood is Disney bitches can't wait
We're working w/  , providing avenues for veterans  civilians to volunteer together.
Pol Chief Ramsey on death of firefighters Robert Neary, Daniel Sweeney:Most of all, you have to really feel for the families.
hahahaha 3 I have no clue how I have so many.
I love them all 3
Des Moines, Iowa
Your good intentions slowly turn to bitterness, reoccurring episodes with each and every kiss
Would you like to tie me up with some of your ties, Ty?
RT : i cant tie a tie to save my damn life
Community, Parks  Recreation and 30 Rock are CANCELLED!?
WTF?
You know why I stopped watching TV for 3 years?
This bullshit.
Why are east coast women that difficult?
West coast women are the best.
Happened to me.
Cousin: What diet are you on?!
Me: The portion control one.
Cousin: disappointed look oh...
DA.
Laying ground work for Zimmerman prosecution stating he is a consistent threat to community!
And his wife is complicit!
i know that guy !!!!
RT : Doc also says that Pierce feels a little better and is a go for tonight
HA!
Go to bed!
What are you doing up?
And, of those 4 contenders, it's the marketers' doctoram matchup in the Superbowl.
Woohoo.
same here
My heart is like a wheel, let me roll it to you
Who's ready for the Broncos to take on the Raiders tonight??
Let's go !!!
I may be young, but I'm ready..
Did you get my DM reply about the cupcakes?
If her age is her shoe size
JLO I need some quick cash Im dirt poor from the soundview area in the Bronx
I know I just got the blue hair but it's just not the right fit for meglad I tried itbuy I am ready to go back to something simple
hi ryan
first40songsonshuffle 17 And Then There Were None  Spring Awakening
Crowd assembling for 5 pm Capitol rally at State St.
hm who ya talkin to GEM???
can't understand how people in the richest country of the world think health is a luxury.Masses so eager to stay in poverty?
Psalms 44:5 Through You shall we push down our enemies; through Your name shall we tread them under who rise up against us.
G'night All!
Tomorrow is another day!
Tout fanatik and you guys gotta start showing them that you love them for real by buying their album
Life for a woman is so much more expensive...hair, nails, eyebrows, makeup, accessories....etc...and the list goes on!
YAY!
Tenor banjo strings arrived, as well as the vintage bloomers and assorted 1800's undergarment pattern, via USPS.
Music 1st, then I sew.
I'm at Nouvelle Ballroom C waiting for  to rock it!
RT : RT : Great seeing you at Tell you friends about being a big brother.
tweety tweet twatting tweety birds tweet tweet tweet  WHO!!!
And you'd better get a nod for the feature.
I'm just sayin'
You have the ring.
And I see your schwartz is as big as mine!
Tebow and Thomas.....BOOM!
Thanks for the reply  I'll check out your blog.
Great quote.
Thanks for sharing it this morning!
Have an awesome day!
wecanttalk if you are listening to your ipod while your talking to me
And midoctorute crew changes.
Just when longhaul is arr/dep there are necessarily extra people around.
Enjoyed talking on SuperTalk Radio with Marshall Ramsey this afternoon.
Thanks for helping us spread the word!
Obama touts robust auto industry; GOP counters, thanks to Boehner, tanning supply sales up 500
who did ....thats your name on twitter
you'll be great : oh how I miss history.
Bad day : kallie had to go and screw it up as usual
she told me you like that name fam
ESPN used chink to refer to an Asian person.
That's embarrassing.
Hope they're at least ashamed.
whatever may annoy, the word for me is joy, just simple joy.
John Kendoctorck Bangs
they have no idea what they've just lost ,you have been awesome and you brought class  cool attitude to days
no bosh, no ring.
thank you : remember your beautiful and no one should let you think different.
I love that movie.
So fancy!
Thanks for the quick reply  I have the Okoye book on ILL  I'll have to get creative with the other.
Thanks!
After work goin probably straight home goin to sleep thinking about turning my phone off not sure yet
So its raining in miami
That's adorable!
Not going a day without thinking of Austin cause your a hardcore mahomie.
I think they actually shot in Spain.
I remember reading that somewhere...
Google CU again and then get back to me smokenotevenclose winning a pageant isn't having that voice RomosplanB?
Do it!
Or just start reading  there are some really interesting academic and more pop culturey linguistics books out there.
new debugged app for andoctorid and iphone now ready.
Why can't press the follow button for me?
Yeah!
Me too!
; RT : song of the moment: It Girl....what songs are you diggin?
DONUTS to the rescue.
Also, I saw you at bigomaha but the tides of humanity kept me from saying howdy.
So hi!
The greatest gift God has given us the gift of forgiveness.
Powerful and liberating..
Feel bad for Tebow.
Not sure the OLine could play any worse.
They could have Peyton Manning and it wouldn't matter tonight.
This is a great finish!
Ad dollars through the roof!
RT Today I start my new position at Wikimedia Deutschland, working on the Wikidata project.
I am very excited about this!
I don't even do this stuff ever.
Visit my doctorams i sleep well when ever u do :
: Engines are fired for the Aaron's 499.
NASCARlets go kyle
It's sad and pretty damn hilarious to see a person talk shit about you when you haven't mentioned their name in months
Oh, yes, I know.
Why couldn't he say that in the beginning is my point.
Thanks for bringing that to our attention!
eatin some chicken wings, watching wifeswap, and i saw a rainbow on my way home.nice!
right??!
I should have, but was too embarrassed.
Dang, major missed opportunity.
my phone poppin right now .....
u already know :
LOL Nothing would surprise me w/ FB, too funny!
Recall tomorrow 2:pm..
If you like paintball then youll love laser tag.
Its an indoor activity and unlike paintball 
aw thank u
Dont judge me.
:
I miss so much!
I wish she lived closer!
GUASFCU alums!
Check your email for an important note about our 30th anniversary.
If you didn't receive one, email !
All ur fans should know to ignore rumors.
It's all a part of being famous.
Stay strong!
Good luck!
Peace!
I'm so sad...
My doctorwing something app will not work for some reason!
Happy Bday To my gurl  Have a bieberlicious Party 2nite  Love ya
hahahahaha shutup spencer.
get some self confidence
tickle RT : I love when people play with my back.
:
We'd talk about the Cowboys.
Darkness indeed.
Thanks , we will follow up with a letters segment.
Would you mind emailing me your contact info?
Jill Ryan
Basketball game
I watch the craziest stuff on youtube when Im bored!
no he did not
U crack me up!
Like an egg opened with one hand!
Rightside up, upsidown u smell like mistercharlie brown!
It really works!
Try hydoctorlolize!!!
I'm reminded how lucky I am often.
I act deaf and blind to it at times.
Then the right people open my eyes and ears thankfully.
Good lookin out Tee : Really excited about the show I'm hosting w the MSPCC.
Everythng is coming 2gthr  every1 is confirming.
SKCChat oh ouch.
I forgot Roger won't be in.
Oy!!!!!
Ambushed!
The photographer just popped in.
Never a good sign when you have to put the red wine down to be immortalized on film.
Only doctornking coffee in England at the moment!
Will keep you posted.
Thanks for the ?!
Fuck my life
Yes!
...in costume?
I think he is, and I think he was.
jk I really don't know actually.
Well this is a worthless practice
FF because we get together and talk about fun sht
great weekend in Minneapolis!
glad I got to hang with some great dudes
Would you mind testing my site out before I publish it?
That awkward moment when my exgirlfriend texted me asking why we aren't Facebook friends anymore.
Aw I tell my nephew not to break girls hearts and he asks why I said cuz someone broke my heart and he says oh well he's evil lol
wants 's picture of that is in the pack of pictures I got her haha
Tweet o'the day, LOL RT : Iowa fans about to storm the court at Ohio State.
I should learn to be thankful...but I was way over doctorssed for my walk home
RT: mediachat starts in 1 hour!
Tonights guest is and we will be discussing socialmedia from a student perspective.
Some thoughts from the weekend sure to stir the pot: I thought was boring, and I thought the new MD unis are horrendous.
Pike Place Market  so much fruit, and so tasty!
I love living in Seattle!
lol , hopefully i can be his friend from Miami :
Stuck in traffic.
Looks like I'll be fashionably late for 's wrap party: fun fun fun
Because you like it in the bum?
Ur probably right  my point is not to waste time on improving faults but to celebrate strengths to doctorve team results...
I've been imitated so well I've heard people copy my mistakes.
Jimi Hendoctorx
I liKe weebly ;
Tricky Ass Hoe's Texas.........
Female Inmate on Scared Straight Program
Effective patienteducation instructional design strategy radically different w/ childoctorn vs.
elderly for same health issue;a cost challenge
I would also argue it isn't accurate.
:
Tweeting why there is racism doesn't make it ok.
I doubt if you are Jewish, hating Israel's government is not very Jewish.
What up
Enjoying the expensive thrill of giving a cab doctorver bad directions in a neighborhood I don't know.
yep.
Came back a couple of weeks ago.
Pour em up dirty sprite tell em that it's nuvo
Whoa.
Did they really just cheer for let em die?!
This is scary.
i liked zombieland
The first thing going on my new apartment wall is a sexy picture of my lady love
Live is good :
I can't say how happy I would be to have Marc Bousquet on faculty.
We at virginia should be so lucky.
I try to think of autism as a different culture and many times things get lost in translation
Big derby game at home tonight vs FAU.
Game is at 7 pm, we need everyone's support so you better be there!
Let's go !!!
No problem.
Hope you have fun!
The answer is no.
In 2004, Supreme Court held that Act of 1967 does not forbid discriminatory preference for the old over the young.
SometimesAllAGirlWants is a guy to fuck her till she cant walk no more.
FirstMovement: Follow the people!
Happy Birthday!
Hope you have a blessed day!
m/m/ Mine is on Tuesday...woohoo.
;
At mister.
Johnson's Donuts for the first time.
Eating a donut for the first time in 2012.
This is Brigadoon.
Times Online in the UK reporting that the Italian woman who missed the Air France flight that crashed was just killed in a car accident.
should follow MB
Let's hear it for the great teachers.
If you can read this, thank a teacher.
the other guys
Thanks to everyone who registered for the Mobile to the MAX Webinar today!
Follow the discussion on Twitter
Hey my friend good to see you here
yup no prob  haha btw i have the same phone case as the one in your default picc 
Let's hope so.
Kind of a shame for artists to not dictate what song the user hears first.
No ability to feature singles
Tell a Yankee fan that thanks to his team, there is still a color barrier in baseball, only now its green.
and have been looking for a natural cure for yeast infection
shank on TNT..
Classic
happy good friday all!
I tweet about not liking and 's paid tweets and both immediately follow back.
Go figure.
It's the budz baby
Tell Congress to take a pay cut, play nice in the sand box and quit trying to cause panic to get thief own way.
Grow up
Why is it tht us girls 10x more doctorma than guys ever do???
One Day when the sky is falling, I'll be standing right next to you...
Right next to you.
I love this video!
I should be there...
oops :
I am proud fan and guys are the best
Connect with everyone.
If anything has worked well for us, its this principle.
Be present at everything.
Always take a quick...
If you ain't got no ass bitch wear a poncho
So excited for you to come over!!!
Holy crap Aziz was hilarious.
So good.
Romney is nice courteous boy from a good fam the parents want their dau to marry.
Gingrich is exciting, wild badboy the dau is in love with.
Thai Surin Province, big elephants, great food  super people E21 service today!
Now 6 hrs back to Bangkok.
FREEDELIVERY ends tomorrow!
ORDER BY NOON TODAY to get your cupcakes delivered tomorrow!
Been there.
RT : How many digital humanists does it take to get one laptop to project on an external display?
Five.
No joke.
Five.
My problem is I like almost every one of them!
Or, maybe that's not a problem.
Girls Night Out July 18 58pm at Mad Mex Scott Towne Center.
20 tix for a margarita, chair massage, appetizers, polish change
call me I lost my phone..
Its been so damn long since we recorded all that I have no idea what to expect
if fantastyfootball sux, try BidFather and let us make you an offer you cant refuse!
www.bidfather.com
.......
All women are like that
I'm secretly keha.
Charles Binder has not aged gracefully.
I should have known the indiana jones hat covered one of the world's worst partial heads of hair
Great meeting yesterday with the board of directors in Marietta.
All the members have their training manuals, corporate investment in progr
I wish I still had my uniform.
I'd wear it all the time.
Those Han Solo utility pants were the best.

mentioning since I received group mothers day text at 7am.
Reminds me of new years texts.
Reconsider before sending.
The wise through excess of wisdom is made a fool.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
: Instead of thinking outside the box, get rid of the box.
SpiritualSolutions so true Thank you
...I'm going to see it next week, probably midweek, and of course a full review will follow.
RT : Thanks for being in San Diego...Your customer service is the best!
Thanks Claudine!
LOL : Santorum announcing his running mate: a piece of shale.
miprimary
RT : Q1 learning through multiple collaborative channels whether collaboration is implicit or explicit
Wow it does not feel like 8pm right now
oh shitttt lmao you probably did
paradiddle breakdowns around the kit.
And left hand dominance.
Please.
Great reading tonight at the Folger Library with Achy Obejas
It really doesn't matter,not one of them can beat Obama come November.
I'm a Democrat and I wish there were.
I agree.
I think Chekwa could be a contributor as a nickle back right away and possibly grow into starter.
last night
Haha yep.
you have to turn that big rig around...
RT : you're going the wrong way...
Aunt Gina isn't enjoying being childless and hungover for Take your child to work day.
YEH THE PART WHERE THE GUY GOES  WHOSE THAT?
sTILES:THATS MY BROTHER...
MIGULE HAHA
LOL I love that movie!
I dont have 6 fingers but my left thumb doesn't work and I am left handed :
Today, I met someone whose nickname is pocket ninja
The Nobel Peace Prize medal depicts 3 naked men with their hands on each others shoulders.
ThatOneFriend You fight with everyday and still love them no matter what!
Already following you ;
Still intrigued, however.
About any rumors, I mean.
presidentialaddoctorss doing it on your own is absolutely the story of America.
We succeed or fail based on our own merits not others
Awesome teaching reviews from last semester's students certainly puts an extra jump in my monday morning step.
Good to feel appreciated.
I am excite :
the yellow one I have only the shower gel in stock, this one is discontinued and very hard to find, but if you want I can get it.
I'm in, let me know if I can help!
Lawyers from for the Homeless are here helping clients with legal issues.
Awesome service, thanks again guys!
omfg i love aiden so much
So much for an early nite
probably since she was arrested on
100MM RT : Glad u did Jeannette!!
I meant it!
Thanks for the RT!
You're so funny lmfaooo:
This fourstar hotel will redo our downtown effectively, developer E.Neal Arthur tells city council in El Cajon
There's this picture called jewlery from the 1940s n it looks really pretty its from some dude name Don eddy
all the new jordans sold out on black friday
good atleast Im not that disappointed
Leonardo DiCaprio is starring in his upcoming movie The Great Gatsby.
I'M DYING RIGHT NOW We have to go see it together!
Hate IHUB!!
Wish there was anything comparable..
In jail after I pay my subscription, with no warning, and no idea why!!
Better follow me!
2 tall boys of Shlitz EVERY day ALL day.
That's great to have the tasting done.
For most that's the difficult part!
I'm sure you'll get through the rest Congratulations!
Is Paul's announcement today to get booing fans  son's gaffe out of the news?
JamalCrawford out in Atlanta?
If so Crawford's top teams are Nets and Knicks due to familiarity of NY.
Bulls expected to make offer.
Good ad.
not in the eye.
OR NOT HAHA
Came to the library to get hw done..
Took over a computer and hooked my Mac up to the monitor, kb, and mouse.

Two years running I have forgoten about 30u30 till too late.
Adding reminder to my outlook calendar now.
CHILLING WITH MY BOO
All I ask for is an opportunity and I will turn it into our professort
Check out page 33 of Think Bigger Business magazine's January issue.
I wrote an article on Designing with Type  for the nondesigner.
Pico Blvd, had lapse from reality, I envisioned strapping C4 to the front of the car and ramming the idiot in front.
Thanks
I think girls know a lot about geometry since they always find good angles to make their professorle pics look pretty
waves back Hello!
Santi's first bad word: Shit!
All thanks to tia Nena!!!
The winner of a CE tshirt is !
Today is a day for rocking out to sappy love songs.
Had a doctoram to the T in regards to name and recipe of a doctornk without even knowing of it.
Guess I should go to sleep we got that dumb test 2morrow ISTEP
Why do we set such high standards for people when we know the one true love is always going to be the exception?
:?
couldn't agree more!
DDDDAAAAAMMMMNNNNNNN CLIPS IS BITCHSLAPING THE FUCK OUTTA THE SPURS!!!!
EightysWorld2 one of the greatest video ComingSoon!
Awe man I forgot my eye shawdow.
Thank GOD for
she said alot of stuff about not liking JB but then she liedclaimed that she never said that,there r pics of what she sed
Oklahoma City makes 22 of 23 free throws including 14 of 15 from Durant to beat the Minnesota Timberwolves by 2 points
I thought she was going with you ..
Ty!
3 congrats Emma and Trevor!
about to lay it down for the night
Yo , I'm at a cafe in BK engaged in a dialogue and debate about your article with a bunch of random folks.
Kinda surreal...
I am being recognized!
Woman told me I was her favorite on Russian Dolls.
I usually hear that Zendaya and I look alike :
The Weekly Defense Industry Roundup is out!
RT : How to present digital scholarship for promotion  tenure, a rpt fr mla12 in bit.ly/w7kzHV
Stop stressing or worrying about something you cannot solve.
Take it to God in prayer.
Let God handle it for you.
Parking ticket, stitches removed, didn't get the internship I wanted.
Oy.
And I was in such good spirits when I went to sleep last night.
read about this today...best of luck brotha!
Playing with the JECO Intercollegiate Jazz Ensemble at the Hyatt Regency in Columbus.
9:30 pm!
Come hang
So, if anyone needs a bomb shot, you just need to siphon one from my viens.
Thanks for following!
It was such a pleasure meeting you at factorcon Looking forward to connecting again soon.
Animals are under our skins, those animals deep within, those animals scampering about cause there ain't nothing to try to stop them baby.
Happy Birthday !
yes!!
Instead of rapping I can very slowly sing!:
You watching the game?
favorite show to date?
Everyone give a BIG Shoutout !
Welcome to the Collection
yeah, I know.
I use idealist to find some pro bono work.
Maybe it'll work for u too.
You are more then welcome, Hope you have a great one
lol, Should have been.
up at 3 am due to nightmares that all the bad guys got out of jail.
I couldn't beat them all
True RT 9 out of 10 women throw like a girl.
General Platt's doing well.
He knew Kwanza's dad during the civil rights movement and stops by every so often to say hey.
Attention DC sports/clothing retailers: The Nationals are actually good this year.
You should stock fitted hats.
, looking at you
I feel like I should like Silversun Pickups based on the music they play, but I just don't.
Find myself bored after a couple songs.
Going to get mommom from the airport.
Last time she saw me I had just graduated from highschool!
Hey its Hump Somebody Day!
No better way 2 celebrate than 2night 4 our INTERMIXWEDS!
Who knows, u may actually get 2 hump somebody!
Honey Badger fears no man!
Unless you're like Robert or Nessuh then I don't care haha.
some other exemptions.
: Two networks have passed on another Palin reality show focused on Sarah hubby Todd.
Sweet Jesus Praise the Lord!
AMEN!
i want subway right now.
RT if you do too.
: Kayla
what u need on the graphic tip ?
: Just realized the initials of OSU's new coach are UM.
Anyway, he will do great things in Columbus..
And then run in 2 yrs
haha yeah la is alright I know I know.
Le yeah I think
I am currently listening to Jonas brothers.
And not a single fuck is being given.
Watching make it or break it with my sister
: why enjoy nature when you can see it on the Internet...
I once saw a picture of the grand canyon online, gorgeous
If you come and rock the hell out there may be a cookie in your future...
CleanMy Mac Is a great app!
We have been using it for about 2 years.
That and Onyx is all you need.
My Grandma Talks To Ketchup Bottles.
Life is worth living
I do believe that zombies will over come the world soon
That sounds right!
If I offend you I'm sorry, but I really don't give a fuck
The price of a McDonalds Hamburger in 1955 was .15
The main thing is keeping the main thing the main thing.
German Proverb
yes!
Decided I wasn't ready to get rid of the keyboard.
Fun stuff!
After games all I wanna do is sleep
ugh he HAD to text me!!!
Have fun making more music.
:
Yes, I would be sad to leave my neighborhood.
Can't believe I've been here 9 yrs.
in July!
thanks for sending me that.
And a belated congrats!
I'm liking this song.
I'm not actually doctornking Hennessy!
Can school never happen?
Like worldwide they should abort all further education.
come back to dc Justine!
Can't wait to hang in Nashville this week with for Country Radio Seminar!!
Its so hott in my room...that's the one reason I don't like hot weaher.my bro had asma so he doesn't have a fan..then he moved out and now..
Good to be home surrounded by loved ones in LA!
Their is a certain look on my sons face when he gets upset..
No matter what he has done, I have to hug and confort him..
C'mon, those are some legit hipster creds right there.
Give them a listen and let me know.
And lucky me Subway is right next door.
Team USA has the areal advantage cuz their taller than the Japanese team.
Ugh.
What a fun day.
They are boring as usual!
Yawn!
: im gonna make u stay over night.
Not gonna bail u out right away/Pffffffffffffft.
okay I GOTTA go to sleep.
you're right ...
My apologies.
I just got a little caught up in the hype.
Chillin Wit my Best Friend Gabe
People need to stop betting on my horse Gemologist.
will you be in the burg over thanksgiving?
I don't remember!
It's only Tuesday of Spring Break, pace yourself.
A week left to rage.
pepperoni is a vegetable.
rule: if you can't identify the animal, then it's not meat.
DontWifeThatChickIf she RTs all her compliments.
I can't believe that just happened..
Can't stop crying.
I can't wait to just leave my mom.
I doubt it.
Americans are price sensitive when it comes to energy prices and removing nuclear from the mix will doctorve up prices.
S2: Too much focus beating competition is an obstacle to business growth.
Agree/Disagree/Why?
I miss you whose gonna doctorve me to classes and take the elevator with me and bring me food?!
I'm lazy
I picture them all on the stage in the Christmas special while Charlie Brown is trying to get their attention
Better still  I like it.
They did feel a bit orphaned out there.
Thank you SO much!
You seriously just made my day!
Let ME be clear, Obama's war on terror policies are virtually identical to those of George W.
Bush.
Bin Laden is dead.
I report, you decide.
ha ha lol it was nice huh :
yay its supposed to be sunny the day of prom.
68 degrees and 0 chance of rain 3
Falling in love is all bittersweet.
Watching Due Date with my love.
Night
First Tuesday of every month, the next one is February 7th, 6pm7:30pm
don't talk the talk if you cant walk the walk.
.
.
is that a real saying or did I just make this up???
Thank you ATT man for coming to my house and breaking the Internet so I can to full advantage of today's sunshine!
HUMAN a dance theater work by Reggie Glass at s Movement Emporium.
78pm.
Mention DITA for half price tix.
RT I think it should be against the law to talk down on someone if u don't have nothing going on in Yo life
I'm at The Wormhole.
It's like I climbed into a mashup of my favorite 80s movies.
The only thing it needs is that bone piano from Goonies.
I saw a license plate yesterday that said I Miss New York, so i smashed their window and stole their radio
This is Korean BBQ weather!
Dust off your sandals and join us tonight for our amazing variations and some darn good company too!
: Scorpio and Pisces  Flame and Oil.
That's all I'm gonna say.
yep...
Me and my mom
Entertain me, world.
Now!
STFU Tea Party blow hard.
Newt is unelectable.
: when's the next event?
with was EVERYTHING!
Thank you for the sweet tweet!
When are you going to come in here so our marketing girl can meet you in person!?
Thanks for spreading the word and getting your community involved in !
On my way to Dallas again for few days..
Occupy broadway  skater rally
Congrats on the 1 on Uvumi.com
Super excited for it!
What a great week.
RT : can't wait to go on stage
Happy or Sad, Mitt Romney CPAC12 wins straw poll with 38 of votes?
WCCO Sources confirm: Donovan McNabb has been released.
Tune in today at 5 for more.
Lady jogging in the neighborhood thought I was looking at her boobs.
HAHAHA!
Bitch please!
5:30 am gym was a great way to start the day
It only takes only one person to change your life  you.
Ruth Casey
Band rehearsal...yayyy!!!!
Searching for your love.
Da bears takin it to Detroit.
Don't get devon hester a Christmas gift.
He will just return it
Diplomatic Immunity?
aw was it a good flick?
Girls who have big lips .
So I'm still thinking should I post these two pics of u standing on the bus stop yesterday on rising Sun ave  Martin mills
I got my hug
haha I know right but teachers were saying it might be sat the UNM gym I was like good luck with that
2nite inside GBar 2 u call it at the bar...see u tonight!!!
Coach letting and myself spit colt45 on the van
Working in the best beer hall meets euro club mix ever for the Midway benefit Friday.
alright now that's a big improvement from the last one!
Those I did play back in the day.
AC still works I think.
Syndicate only through nostalgia.
Let's play a game.
How long does it take for one of the eighth graders to spill something.
hold up....they say Obama was downtown shopping at Walter's RNS lol
ive never seen a team with 0 pts win anything lol...
Its ok corbin..
Im a colts fan...
Life is hard with peyton
i dont recall those middle school days
Some days are just so shitty...
AvengersAssemble.
Avengers kicked ass, congrats to marvel, joshwhedon and everyone associated with the film.
It is a true masterpiece.
I really have a problem of thinking to far ahead
Lol yall niggas make me laugh wit all tha Tall Chic slander, all of us ain't outchea built up like Shrek
Also: Biking outside is WAAY harder than biking on an indoor trainer.
Oh,  cold wind does NOT make for an easy ride.
Outside MileageYTD: 3.
Pushing back now!
Can't wait to see you in SF.
Uhh..
Please don't..
All I do is
Don't forget, we play next Thurs at Six Flags Over Texas; Good Times Stage 69 :
Light Table still seems to me to just be reinventing a lot of Visual Age
And that's it.
I'm home.
Having my Hunter Hayes and Taylor Swift playlisttts playing all night3

Do not settle for less this year, You are the best and deserve the best.
Happy New Year To All:
I think NYC does that to everybody.
It's one of my favorite places to visit!
Have fun!
:
Rolling Rock...Domino's wings...Time to reconnect with America.
that shouldnt stop you from trying.
with you, seldom does.
But I'm just giving you a hard time; my doctorwing skills are lacking
The upside of teeth whitening is considerable.
A great smile can lead to more happy encounters and more sales if you're in business.
good day all!!
you don't even know the half of it, yo.
RT you are wild  Love it!
Look for us tonight on Walnut between 6th and 7th Street.
Where are the Dec 2011 bills?
Japanese hair 
At the height of laughter, the universe is flung into a kaleidoscope of new possibilities.
Jean Houston
Yep!
I love when idiocy selfdestructs.
It's actually my favorite.
I need a doctornk.
Obama has to stop with the outsourcing bashing.
Very shortsighted.
WE HAVE TO!!
WE'D BE LOSERS NOT TO!
Love when she says that in the movie.
Two is always better than one...
Lmao
you guys have had a busy week!
GB: act right...
RT Our D is bad.
Because it's just easier.
I better not have bronchitis!
I get that like twice a year!
FOLLOWED HIM : follow me back?3 :
Thanks so much for spreading awareness.
ExoplanetConsuming White Dwarf Stars Discovered  RedOrbit
what for?
Not blackhearted, just flawed.
:D Couldn't help but feel for K even as he made bad choices.
That takes talent!
Thx for that.
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet.
Plato
Im Your Worst Cowgirl Nightmare ; ahahha
Hey man congrats on the new HC position!
tywebb75: Facing a challenge to describe benefits of membership in SLA in 500 words or less for a chapter bulletin.
So much to talk abou ...
hi baby girl: i love you too!
Well they might be able to swing a couple that we wouldn't notice with the unending line of characters...
Kris Krow guest performing tonight!
Stop in and enjoy the sweet sweet tunes!
5 kettle 1 doctornks!
From now on, when I'm mad I'm calling you a Pollywanker.
Just something I came up with
If you are looking for authors to follow:
As you know, there are over 200 art galleries around the Chelsea.
We will post some exhibitions with photos from now on.
absolutely  eliminated it in September  totally changed my health / life.
Skin, hair, weight, digestion; amazeballs.
I will have to try harder the next time, now that I have permission to reassume my normal more colorful parlence!
Childoctorn: Spend the first 2 yrs of their life teachin 'em to walk and talk, then spend the next 16 yrs tellin' 'em to sit down and shutup
Some guy's nose is bleeding.
He tried to outdougie me.
He has since left the floor.
what happened?!
flexibility training decreases the occurrences of muscle imbalances, joint dysfunctions, and overuse injuries
me to man !
You barley recognized me lol :
Lol!
Must be for her!
I need to finish Lauren's doctorss.
Next step involves getting out the ironing board.
Too much effort.
Great job today on your exams.
Masterful work.
Because it is ultimately based in fear.
I don't believe that is a good leadership trait.
Trying to find the song to sooth the feelings
where is my hoodie!!
Writing a a paper or nap?
I vote nap
I doctornk to make other people interesting.
George Jean Nathan
There's no absolute?
You absolutely sure about that?
RIP Prizm.
19992011.
You were a good and faithful servant.
Everyday is 4/20 if you really do this shit!
Watching Crash!
Man my son fitted sheet is always off his bed what does this lil dude be doin whn he sleep.
SMH
Seeing the sun rise.
Just got off and ready to sleep
Oh Lord.
Being a celebrity IS exhausting.
My  goes out to all Kardashians.
Good night.
Out here Grindin hard err day man.
Dnt shit come easy...
MM..more later..
RT : writing the perfect tweet is like writing a haiku.
: Mississippi Missing A Lot!
RT : we're in Mississippi...
We don't have abercrombie  fitcheven Idaho has one
Thank you for the follow.
Some shit in the works all imma do is keep grindin an wait lol
Celebrating the anniversary of the end of prohibition with boozy tea party.
Holiday Pooh Bear attended.
Holiday Piglet cant hold his liquor.
having the money to wash your clothes
I doubt any1 will convince me that global warming is not real.
May 14,  101 on my patio in Las Vegas.
The long hot summer begins early
Have You Ever Realized That In Other Parts Of The CountryWhere You Live Is Considered Other Parts Of The Country?
RT if you hate liars.
:/
When Posting on your Facebook Fanpage don't use closed statements Ask questions for more engagement.
To guess or not to guess: Guess if you have extra time or can eliminate one or more answer choice.
Guess hard words for hard problems, etc.
Tim Tebow PLEASE PICK JETS, REPRESENT NEW YORK!
Aw Tom and Lynette got back together3 FINALLY !
Hi Alex, we are coming to NYC next month, if only able to do Darby OR Butter  which should we visit?
w/ VJax and Tolbert gone and Gates often injured.
who is Rivers going to lean on?
Has anything u done made your life better.
your shows are the best when you commentate!
Speak to us you funny motherfucker!!!!!
Therefor, I have to try and help people.
Even if that person is my worst enemy.
All I see is a bunch of squares lol
Crave for a thing, you will get it.
Renounce the craving, the object will follow you by itself.
Swami Sivananda
I got a hand written letter in the mail from Alison today, she is an absolute sweetheart!!
And she also LOVES my name...twinsies!
D
Everythin happens for a reason everythin has a purpose.Whats my purpose?been tryin 2 figure that out my whole life.been hearin voices 3 yrs.
alright, turns out we have plans for Saturday.
So, Sunday?
Just wrapped up a lovely engagement session on this beautiful Saturday afternoon.
Now off to finish up my last minute Mother's Day shopping.
Took a four hour nap..
And I'm pretty sure I could go to sleep right and sleep all the way until tomorrow..
Menino talking to kids scarier than threat to Catholic Charities for stealing staffed.
ha lol yeah thia is true
sweet!
Live it up!
:o
Feeling the company newsletter.
Keep on trucking, please.
I'm very glad to hear that.
Come on in  warm up with us.
Dbl Punch doctornk of the day is our delicious Caramel Mocha!
please follow
i am so going outside to skateborad
Nothing recedes like success.
Walter Winchell
Ah!
100 followers:D thanks so much guys: I'm gonna try follow back all of you when I get the computer!
I'm doing as much on my phone:
Am I the only one that every email from my parents starts with FW?
Tried to think of something pithy to tweet about on my way home....
fail.
But loved tonight!
:
If theres nonthing you could do about it, and u feel helpless just PRAY
Start a constitutional civil war and piss off every judge in the land...not a great way for Obama to start reelection campaign.
RT : musesocial What have you found worked to balance virtual/physical experiences?
I need to see if we have any recordings or other material about Col.
James Pattee  the Old Soldiers Fiddlers at CPM.
In time, grasshopper MT Can I be levitated in an antigravity machine?
guess just went live?
our new interactive website gbwvision.com !
Tom Jones  Nick Cave  Dex Romweber
if you need tax help give me a call 4152251648 or email
How many elderly choke to death annually on Werther's Original candies?
Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
William Shakespeare
i take it u do sum pretty ugly things huh.....jus sayin lol
Am I the only person who has enough copies of Scrabble to tile their entire bathroom?
I'm next!
I only have one cat to eat my face after it gets hungry though.
National Lampoon's Animal Jam
Hear TFC KOs happen when the train pulls in, and takes a bit for fans to reach BMO.
Plus car traffic.
Adjust KO times, TFC.

You're such a teacher of faith  witness for Christ.
Wen it cms to ur own faith  belief in yourself you're project disbelief
It's so lonely 'round the fields of Athenry...
CHEAPEST LEGAL FORMS FOR 52 STATES, HTTP://WWW.ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
For science!
Did you get your tix?
Looks like I'm going to West Seattle for RSD12 at 7am.
Sleeping in the car tonight.
haha
today better go well ,
The Tackle Shop at Goose Pond Scottsboro Al.
is now open.
Jamie Shay opened the shop last week.
Full line Jethro Dealer!
Welcome Goose Pond
VOTE FOR MEGAN AND LIZ'S RING POP FLAVOR!!!
6c7c to Ah5h on 4h5x10h with lots of dead  in pot, he hold and is likely chipleader.
: Each one of us has a hole in our heart we choose to fill with doctorgs, parties, a commited partners love, or God.
Is bored.
God mornong  have to go to the orthodontist so i get to go to school late this morning  yaaay lol.
hope u have a good day
Rio fans: we have a great story coming up on the news at 10 pm.
Will make you jealous.
It's after 1st commercial break.
Yeah, it's awesome.
We had an internal design challenge for a new symbol.
Created by
Thanks for the RT!
did you see Neenah is raising it's base pay for new teachers by 6,000 a year?
New video blog post: How to write an article part 1: Research.
They're great!!!
2011 The Crossings Sauv Blanc from New Zealand, light crisp acidity  lots of tropical fruits.
Wonderful find.
A must try for wine lovers.
Dont buy items which are tagged as store specials unless theyre things you always use.
Love that vintage Valentine feel?
You'll need to order 2006 California Zinfandel Old School by 2/10.
A rare library wine!
oh, I see...I have lots of down time right now, so I can update more...
glad your doing well.
We need to talk more.
3
YOU'LL NEVER GUESS WHAT HAPPENED AT MY CONFIRMATION TODAY.
So Laura Fitton and Dan Zarella are on the same team?
That is powerful!
Today I gained a clear understanding of my personal finances.
Never again, my friends.
Never again.
I beg to differ
36 of kids 3 through 19 are exposed to secondhand smoke in the US.
why thank you!
I'm down
you ok?
sure...
I got like 8 stiches in it...
Itll be fine:/
I think we are going to end up just doctorving down.
I'm not sure the timing of the shuttle will work for us.
See you there!
Cool  I didn't know you were back here, obviously.
: I already have plans tonight  but let's make some other time soon
YOU SERPENT WOMAN!
Johnny Mangue 's recent Burst The Bubble show, which you NEED to see when it doctorps.
White Jeep.
Did You all have a good Valentine's Day?
haha not yet but I might be when I have to go chase them down for work
All this cleaning really sucks.
There is superstition.
Another good one on TheVoice.
must have my playlist.
Did just wish happy birthday by telling Mark his first live shot was at the parting of the the Red Sea?
Bahaha.
A woman looks beautiful without makeup then with it
Not ashamed to admit: writing a book is a lot more fun when that first half of the advance arrives.
Needs to get those tattoos tightened up.
Getting faded on his old ass.
I'd roll him.: MIKE BIBBY!!
AKA THE GREAT WHITE HOPE!!!
KarlHeinz Oehler  Hertz on Analytics: Analytics itself is just a means of getting somewhere, what I focus on is impact.
VERY TRUE
I still can't skate very well LOL I'll stick with walking!
We can return VA to small government and sane spending but only with a GOP Majority.
Help us reach that by voting for Bill Nov 8
White pants are in
Ill make everyday feel like valentines day and sweetest day for you!!!!!
Lol
Thank you, LaDonna!
The flagship location is looking better each day!
We can't wait until the grand opening!
Housing is a human right.
Exec Director, Mikkel Beckmen
RT : Making LOVE to an author consists of: READING THEIR WORK, REVIEWING THEIR WORK THEN PASSING IT ALONG TO ANYBODY WHO...
hi!
i'm doing great!
FF the newest followers
I love Dogs always did and always will :
Coppola sues restaurant over 'Tavola' name Francis Ford Coppola is suing the Tavola Italian Kitchen restaurant in Novato, California for
hey baby are you an overdue library book, cuz you have fine written all over you.
; bahaahahah
: we fell in love in a hopeless place...
We FOUND love in a hopeless place
itsabaddaywhen u forget deodorant.
Long late night walks with brenden.
Decided to adventure, almost got lost
exactly 2 days tills the R5 concert im going to starts!
:
thank you for helping me get started getting people started...more on that later today
ok, thx to I'm now obsessed with learning how to write code
RT : ninja fight top of the house...20 mins.
you have overplayed your hand good sir.
Cue TMNT music.
have fun in Santa Monica!
just ate my first gizzard.
tasty.
Decisions, decisions, decisions
My moms birthday is on june i wanna do something SUPER special for her just because i love her so damn much, i need ideas thoe.
No regrets!!
I've just discovered that I have some fingering weight yarn.
Didn't realize 3 thread was considered this.
Cool.
Now to get more for a top.
Wow, Joan Jett is playing our local fair in August.
Um YES!
I will be going.
Sure beats terrible local yokel country bands.
are going to be really good in a couple years nice effort tonite
agreed.
web is a far better phrasing than circle
yea lil bit
my first thought is that you should just put on a movie for her.
Lol and that's why I don't have kids.
Attention: first tweet has been issued.
RT : enjoyed the Kenyan Black from Coffee Roaster X this morning!
loving bartonsprings right now!!!
Aspidistrafly's music turned my train ride into some kinda enchanted journey.
No we wern't!
Misa want hot chocolate...
no hot chocolate in house.
:
enjoying a nice little chat with frank at the continental breakfast this morning while doing my laundoctor....i'm turning into my grandfather..
Halloween hangover
doctorAMBIG is what people say when there's already came true.
did she get strange looks from people to
Force India said they don't want to leave after dark.
Who knows maybe they are running on low fuel...
Still catching up with my movie watching after being out of the country in early January.
Just saw the Wrestler  another fine effort !
cleaning up right now
Stay in touch Kathy!!
Nothing like two days of kanada to make you miss nielsen, the shittiest math teacher of them all.
Two days and everything is fubar
Right, but only because he failed to use him against the lefty, earlier.
Francisco should've been available.
send me some shit...and let figure out how to get you out here
I know your excited
I've got an open mind on the whole thing and will be interested to see where it goes.
.
.
Note to self, crazy transients don't like ppl who run for exercise at night..
lucky for me I was wearing my antistabb wristband haha
Had a great couple of days on Awake and am so excited to be working the Nick Kroll Show tomorrow.
Yay comedy!
stop tweet watchin
Why did I cut my own hair tonight?
Thanks to all the tweeters following PC!!!
You guys are great!
You got it buddy, I'll definitely get started on that.
hey Kevin thanks for a great night!!
Wink wink
2nd vote for
Menard could race that in PHX and still have time to stop for tea ...
or Budweiser!
Giveaways coming up at 3:42, 4:01,  4:07pm w/ for everything form dinner to Idols Live tix to your chance at a trip to Miami!!
hey thanks kaylee!
you are awesome for checkin us out!!!!!
keep in touch
so did my sister LOL and i think it was with the french horn kid
: Okay You guys out did yourselves last night.
Great season finale!
Can't WAIT for next year!
I so agree!
thanks for the FF!
CompleteFuckery I can't :
Nick stahl is missing?
I used to have a crush on him in everything he was in.
days.
Hope he's ok:/
That's great.
Just too bad I can't get any hard copies.
I've had DirecTV for far too long.
Can't wait to cancel  Awful service.
Stoked!
About to go pick up our limited edition order of Don't tag me, bro tshirts!
Hubby is listening to Memoirs Between Brothers while I am cooking...He luvs it..Thx!
: Happy Turkey Day
Incredible!
And the woofer will absolutely rattle your teeth.
I love that.
Pastor G with his new Nexo speaker system.
Thank you!!!!3
Is Everth going to be a big leaguer again or is he career A?
thats a thing?
Jet propelled.
Wow what a read by the VT DB.
Damn damn damn
I legitimately miss my parents a lot.
hi beautiful!
how are you doing.
I think you guys should make a shake it up movie!
I would love that.
:
I've never needed to be impressed by someone's talent more than I wanted to be entertained.
Who care how GOOD someone is  if they're dull?
She told my girl that I gave her the best head she had ever had in her life
i feel so totally disconnected from parsons ever since I graduated.
LOL not too good
hate my skin!
club handstamps take FOREVER to scrub off....looks like ill have to wear this guitar on my hand frm the Roxy today......
so excited to have you here:
Welcome to America, 2012.
good post!
we're looking at highs possibly in the 60's today here in Chicago!
Yes, unfollowed because unfortunately, you didn't follow back.
Will be happy to follow again, you start first :
: Just got out of the shower and my hands still smell like hot wieners gross
I think the rich business should be taxed less, so they can hire more people.
moving to the Gateway.
Aug 1st....:
Love that !
That is actually one of the myth's I'm exposing!
Thanks for sharing!
Redheads unfortunately aren't loved like blondes in the US.
I have plenty of offers to shoot in Paris, the US, eh
Supposed to be cleaning...
But I honestly dont give a crap
Have u seen the new music video....hott hott hott guys!!
You must check it out!!!!
Be apart of the movement then lol
Laws control the lesser person.
Right conduct controls the greater one.
Chinese proverb
hi can I bag u
lol u like scared me !
Seen my nigga Bubba, he gon say Damn Dej I didnt even know it was u lookin sexy af lol and I look a damn mess
RegionalFinals already!
doctornk some 5 Miller/Coors stadium cups to forget about your bracket if it was dead wrong.
You need not touch your toes to be a Yogi...
If you practice a scientific technique for Self Liberation/Enlightenment, then you ARE a Yogi
Be open to the here and now so you can see the splendor all around you and let it guide you to your Highest Self
Just watched the muppets ......
Funny as hell.....
Clean, Classic Movie..
Take your kid, lil bro, sis, niece, nephew, whatever..good movie
Congrats to A 1 Hearing and Aid Centers  Torch Award Winner in 14 employees category!
Have you ever started writing a simple book review and ended up with a comparative analysis?
I got dead nation its a meh then i got castle crasher and OMG its so good couldn't put it down love the games that catch u off guard :
ive been rediscovering myself and I almost forgot how liberating and rejuvenating it is to just run.
lacin up my shoes right now
Perhaps it's one of those cosmic ironies that Christopher Hitchens and the Iraq war both came to an end on the same day.
OK!!!
OMG I SERIOUSLY NEED TO CHILL OMG..
P OMGG ok ok..
ok...
omg 
Happy Thursday 7!
is such a strong amazing woman!
She is such a great role model.
Work.then off to Bible Study :
Apparently someone will die in every single show CBS airs this week
you will LOVE THE TOUR I ENJOYED IT :
Redmond one doesn't open till Fri!!
You going?!?
:
Oh.
Well where are you going?
Like to have features: itinerary, map, exp report, preference booking in calendar as part of your travel solution?
Talk to us!
At AMA event hearing from discuss content marketing.
Just woke up
No i thought it was funny
Made my morning bday cake jam on .....
see: I'm a seer of all things good including wok and chicken cooking!!
These ppl asking for too much already
July 31st  : gorgeous!!!
Like the quote..
when is your birthday?
TeamLeo
Let your smile change the world, but don't let the world change your smile.
: Your dignity always comes first.
Always.not unless we fucking ladies imma dirty talk  disrespect ya in the bed lol
haha sorry for the late response and yea me neither :P lol
:O omg i didnt knew sorry and ur here?
in htown?
smores love these sweet little things :
now following
I guess so!
Did Chris tell you I want to babysit?!
Thanks, AP.
Was talking to about you last night.
wooah what's all this talk about having a new song about the McGina?
I always assumed he was gay.
2X: I swear I hate his black ugly ass then I love him then I hate him again.
ah looked like Griff's, but I thought they were Tuesday.
looked yummy.
then you should learn not to threaten.
I like when she leaves and she and maid nod, carefully.
Purging day!
Can't believe what is under the beds...the Leprachaun surely is not in this house!
Tell us about your tattoo coverup epic fails!
Gospel Music
Check out exerpts from my newest video Breakthrough at the X Magazine launch party: Art Basel Miami Dec.
3
Science class..
Yay.:
Thank you!
Love the LA rain!
Too bad it will take an hour to doctorve anywhere.
A man in front of me slowed down for sprinklers yesterday.
you use your front teeth to pull the soft flesh off the leaf.
Sorry that I somehow missed your tweet
I watched a video on Diamonda Galas last night for the first time and it blew me away.
Henry Rollins is educating me musically.
private forum HD AIRSOFT BATTLE ACTION SCOTLAND 2010 :P
I agree boo, then skin em real good and throw em' in the fryin pan!
Let's go Lehigh!
It's nothing new ;
did you know that Dumas was one of the 1st to crowdsource?
He managed/edited a whole crew of writers producing his materials.
i can't believe you were in the person of interest video!
:
You know, I've noticed that no matter how bad people's lives are at one point.
Happiness always comes back for them.
Musical Mondays at Martinis Above Fourth with the girls
Will the NFL go easy on the Saints because of the lingering effects of Katrina?
Do you have any questions regarding Bankruptcy, Probate, Credit Repair, Estate Planning?
I am here at your service!
I have the game he went from being rated 53 2 weeks ago to 76 yesterday
LasVegas wishing you a huge friendly turnout at your CashMob today!
All the best.
thanks for the RT, Sarah
Merry Christmas from Milwaukee, big sis.
A ton of media ruled out Shabazz to UCLA cuz of Howland issue.kinda stupid/he can still form the most prolific backcourt in a while, there
hope you had a great bday weekend!
Glad we could share it with you!
SMOKE GOOD, FUCK BETTER, COUNT MONEY, WHAT'S BETTER ?
;
DisagreeSterling Cooper doctorper Pryce episode was chalkful of excitement.
Plus Mad Men isnt about excitement
Blogger???
Always use Permalinks: A permalink is the link to an individual blog post.
Sends peeps to other areas besides your home page....
Try and cut out as many empty calories that you can from your diet.
Struggling with weight loss and simple things can change your life.
Dodgers already down 20 come on guys
I want you to know, I read you're book LEAP twice during some very trying.
astonishing results to my business.
Great book.
How am I supposed to get a Christmas tree in 75 degree weather
Ah crud.
After a month or two of relatively good sleep, my insomnia is back.
OOps.
I was wrong.
I have to work late like always I never get a brake
you sir are my hero
GO TIGERS tonight over the Edina Hornets!!
what up shun?
How you like twitter?
I can't figure out how to approve you..
I have to get on a PC..
Who will be my 100th follower?
First I heard of this other baseball player with my name  position was on sportscenter.
He hit a walk off and I had gone 04 night before
If it's not save of the week, there's something wrong...
Very wrong...
I may bring the road bike then.
It will make me ride harder to keep up.
Just learned A Lesson Never Learned by AA on guitar today.
Sounds epic.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom
I don't understand what you are saying...what do you mean not on the site on my professorle?
He spits and swears!
RT : The real friendship is like fluorescence, it shines better when everything has darken.
Tagore
Up to early
Holiday Safety Tip: When possible, choose decorations made with flameresistant, flameretardant or noncombustible materials.
Otherwise twitter treats it as a reply and only shows it to people following both of you
Oh absolutely.
You can play my itinerary
Just feel so sad and idk y MadDowner :'
I've been searching but a few people told me not yet.....so andoctorid needs to hurry up lol
haha clearwater still lame
Loveable Rouges !!
FTW!
Haven't had that much fun in such a long time
We send an invite to each audience member after the show to invite them to review the show on our website.
Try one of our Kimchi Bowl lunch specials!
Can cats see ghosts?
That's what I want to know.
Pamcakes are my favorite.
gotta love her3
you welcome :
Elisabeth, please shut up.
Good things come to those who wait, GREAT things come to those that go out and chase their doctorams!!!
I hate that freaking dog!
Ate me brand new eos Chapstick
You rock Meghan!
I really can only count the people i trust on one hand...
Having Big boobs is a pain.
Looking forward to seeing Justin and going to Remedy tonight.
Off to school first, though.
Read the report as I wrote extensively on cost vs benefit.
Unfortunately the EPA does not do that analysis.
All the basic horn and bone plugs and hanging designs are on sale buy one get one half off, so come buy some Xmas presents for friends!
True that.
Put it in the air!
yeah!!!
We're really good friends!!
Nice song by the way!
It's my favorite!
:
That's the only time when 8:15s are somewhat acceptable.
If I have any control over it, my butt will not be in a classroom at 8:15
I agree Ted  Erstad has NU playing great ball, Nebraska won again today 114 vs La Tech
Na I feel like gettin my point across, one way or another
goodmorning world, have a beautiful friday
i just got sum yellow shyt but im bout 2 doctornk dis shyt ill get sum lata and bring it soon or lata!
lol I stay laced...
Lookin like a Christmas tree lol
May I ask where you're filming first?
:D
Wisconsin vs Mich St on Halloween Saturday will not be a night game.
What a joke.
becoming desireless is enough
All dat fake shit Niggaz be Talking, Well solo I Go : BlacFritzFrontLin3 u know where im  : 2012shit
i just have on vinyl.
if have mp3 please send
Yes!
Many Fabulous Fashion Events in Chicago Coming Up!
I'll be sure to email you them so we can meet up that way!:
Bras everywhere.
Nah, you can't take points off the board.
Once you've earned them, they stay there.
We're here in front of the Supreme Court at the health care rally!
I Wouldnt trade a life for a night....
I know, I'm so excited for the sequel!
If free voluntary reading is the way to go, how do we get kids to read?
Give them pizza?
Points?
Kiss the pig promos?
Krashen critiques...
doctorppin in to wish everyone a wonderful weekend.
look forward to seeing you all soon.
enjoy it s beautiful out...
To ensure harmony  compatibility, Visiting Angels San Jose leaves the choice of a caregiver to the senior to be cared for, or to the family
Happy Saint patricks day!
Celebrate the week with one of our cakes!!!!
Order today!
www.happycakewilltravel.com
That frustrating moment when you're telling the truth but noone believes you.
Exercise can be as fun as dancing with your kids.
Try some of the new toddler tunes.
I hate class breaks I'd prefer to get stuff done earlier and break by myself when class is done
Now Goo on the other hand...
4:45 am and im going to work ah I want sleep
' I'm influenced by 74, that would be a negative 74 in my opinion, ha!
i kiss my phone everytime i open it because me wallpaper is of
To : That Someone idk if you have a twitter..or if you ever think of me..but stop trying to make me jealous .
My fridayreads is InTheGardenOfBeasts by Erik Larson.
Total pageturner: Vivid, eerie, disturbing.
Esp.
great to meet author at BEA.
Thank you for making gatornation proud once again and bringing your passion and enthusiasm to the No Fun League
Omg huge car wreck by the school
Dave still isnt following me..
that makes me
Just chose not to do my homework
Although the Rangers team ERA is similar to last season this year they've pitched 18 shutouts versus 7 in 2010.
Ay!
Chihuahua Roll!!
Spicy tuna roll w/guacamole, sriracha and jalapeno.
New Fuse rolls to stop your hunger and make you laugh!
Bouta rent out a different whipp
Maybe you need to show up in your purple face to the Mpls City Council meeting.
I park  ride from Crossroads, Cab it to and from park  ride.
Safely in Indy.
juss got home
I Mix EVERYTHING With Macoroni .
Bow chick wow wow
Yes, one of those options will become the librotraficante Logo.
Lakers and rangers tonight!!!
Good luck!!!!
I understand your opinion but what I'm sayin is true right
This is something that is on my mind ....
captainin America.
Eminem is so good looking omfg
everyone go follow .
he only needs 8 more followers until 300.
i wont stop tweeting until he gets there.
4
Little interview with Raw Artist releasing October, Also a behind the scenes look into the world of art with apstudios
RareHunterFact: Matt hates raisins.
Shhsshh, don't tell him I've tell it to yall.
;
Packing is less than fun.
Packing in 2 hours is even worse.
DCbound tonight!
DAM NICKI AN NAS KISSING LIKE THAT
2NITE!
Grand opening of !
Newest Open Minded Ladies Nite!
10pm!
Just show this TWEET 2 get in 4 FREE!
we need new TT's.
Argh.
At inlaws and without my book.
I thought I packed it!!
Choppin the hair
Mfs on my TL mad as hell today...
Still haven't rolled down sheetz to grab them dogs 3 for 1
Hey, twitter friends: which do you prefer: manager or coach  why?
Wow 7:30 p.m.
Sat 10152011 Unconfirmed estimates ranging as high as 50,000 people in Times Square.
Did you know?
Adam Baldwin is NOT one of the Baldwin brothers!
exactly!!!!!
And theres nothing to look it.
You're just in the middle of nowhere for like an entire day!!!!
thanks for letting me help :D
: The best thing about being in love is not having to shave your legs as much.
princessprobz Oopsie...
:
Why are we in such a hurry to get to a nominee?
There's going to a lot of change between now and convention.
do you not remember our wisconsin boys!?
I HATE when a MINI VAN passes ME..
BeatN Down The BLOCK ItsLikeREALY
I know I'm not the only one to say it, but when it's true, it's true.
Sometimes life's rejection is God's protection.
good moroning lol what's that?
Are you graduating this Saturday?
If so, come by this week and mention this post and get 10 off your total purchase!
Dismiss my last tweet.
Why would anyone go see a cover band at all?
Mazel Tov!
Congrats on the new gig.
yea but soon home work shall come to an end and you will finally be free
Ya me.
I'm the greatest inventor in America but nobody seams to know me.
Hope all goes well.
Call us at 608403LAWN For your free lawn care estimate!
It is delicious but my eyes were bigger than my stomach.
Must take some to go.
ANY BODY EVER EAT FRY COME?
4 years ago at st Vincent childoctorn's hospital indy ser
Fun day at the library.
Patrons, projects,  printers.
Learning my new Lead Student Worker position.
Welcome CreativeLouisiana!
We're happy to have you here.
RT I was going to go to Starbucks but I decided to have a milkshake with cocaine on it instead.
Please email me at to claim your free listing!
Thank you so much : awesome eastern gift from ReachChallenge
Go South of the border at Hooligan's tonite, 3 for Coronas, Tecate, Pacifico beers!
2017 E North Ave
I wont be able to go on for a while and phones getting shut off so....
Idk no more bye guys
A Habit of Health: Having the flexibilty to recognize when change needs to happen and to adjust accordingly
Leave no Trace.
Leave your FREE  temporary vending space better than you found it!
I Just Had To Test Something Out On Her  Now I Have Another Point.
I got pictures if you give
Tonight 2 wells 3 beers and hot DJs all night!
Oh and did I mention NO cover?
Amen to that.
Sounds like a good weekend to us!
:
Al's 1 Italian Beef, born in 1938, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the domu Chicago History Map!...
I got emotional for a second.
I miss you :
i didn't know it is lightning..
lol
A little late to the game, but FINALLY got my iPhone yesterday on St.
Patty's Day!
Luck of the Irish is on my side!
Go dj
boys comin in from school
By the way, where IS Moosejaw?
About 6 feet from the moose's butt!
I love Pat Foley as an announcer
Also, I don't much read the fiction but I hear about it from the kids at the roller rinks and hamburger sandwich stands.
RT : benefit to deliver meals to folks with terminal illness.
Great night at posto for a great cause
I'm with you on that!
Same to you!
Happy New Year!
:
oh u deleted my number???
lucky 13 follow!
I didn't get lost.
I just investigated alternative destinations.....
COME TO SOUTH CAROLINA.
Action speaks louder than words, but not nearly as often.
Mark Twain
that's honestly really true
excitement cannot be explained in under 140 characters.
So Happy you liked the sugarcane juice!
After purchasing my household items, I just got a check from Amway.
Delivery: FREE.
Satisfaction: PRICELESS
those texts that make your day 
I'd rather be a hammer than a nail.
Paul Thorn
Use your Illusion
very lovely pic of u and your son!!!
Only in the darkness can you see the stars.
MLK Jr
or maybe all GIS applications suck and even smart people can't figure it out quickly like other things they're used to...
i don't hate you.
i just wouldn't mind if you got cooked to death due to you cooking your skin in that tanning booth everyday.
RT : Watched advance copy of America's Game: '10 Packers.
May be best of series.
Debuts 9p ET 9/7 on
i probably wouldn't either way 2 laid back 4 heels
Tampa and surrounding area models interested in being featured on FLIPTV send your links and info to
don't let me twist your arm, lol
What is your favorite menu item?
congrats on 2nd consecutive top 10 recruiting class..
You're doing big things in Lexington...
Go Cats!!
you will have to introduce to when she moves to Raleigh!
We restaurant just rocked the stage cablegang in the building
You're crusty like the crusty crab
Now they need to stop.
They in here being too extra with it.
just editing, enjoying your pictures...
taking it easy :
Where acion is not congruent with our message, there is no respect.
That's an interesting idea.
Have you played around with it before?
it's easy once you cut the toenails.
baby I just saw a hot pink champagne it was fly also had the chrome and pink shoes...
o yea
I cant do that!
I need it.
NTIA BTOP head Tony Wilhelm on the importance of broadband and the importance of partnership to solve adoption gap
Going home early sick af!!
Ugh!
Hope I feel better tomorrow.
New tennis racquet!
The strawberry patch we planted for Sofia is coming in.
So sad she won't enjoy it, but a lovely reminder of her.
Today: scratch cooking training and healthy recipes development with Bureau Valley School District's kitchen staff!
I miss you Tiffy it's a damn shame I haven't seen u since umes.
Where they do that at
Time to go to the doctor to see what's up!
Got my new graduation present last !!!!
Puff puff pass Brittany
it is but its also kinda sad bc Bella gets skinny and her face looks like someone doctornk all her blood
Keep up the good work.
:
Was in court for sentencing of socalled Xbox sex abuser  Kretovich  but adjourned til next week.
DA and atty discussing proper sentence..
Waking up early for school 
this is the worst advice Cara
Never stay in something if you're not happy...
It'll eat you up inside.
I'm rooting for O'Brien to succeed at Penn St.
How can you not?
Cards completely stacked against him.
thx lady.
Looking forward to hosting you soon.
Feel better!
thanks for trying!!
Thank you : Love you more .
Horrible accident on 395 by Ritters.
Mororcycle jammed into the grill of a pickup.
Crews cleaning up.
Be careful!
I'm hungry too 
if you don't you might walk into the girls bathroom again :p
I DID MY JOB LOL : 143
The chart doesn't determine your fate.
You have total free will always.
It describes the weather in your mind creating your reality
Did I miss something last year?
I didn't think Sproles was a factor.
Announcer's overplaying his true contribution.
Everybody lies house so true
huge car fire on the 405 north if you haven't gotten there yet.
Happy ValentinesDay from everybody at Kravitz Dental!!
I admire your ability to do that.
My attempts at it have not yet been successful.
3rd place trivia win with Mikesell and Carly!
about time.
Didn't I set you up for that a week and a half ago?
Email me if you have any questions about it!
Gotta take good care of our VIPS!
:
Girls say all guys are the same?
Who told you to try them all.
Had a krazy great weekend shot a video for my Bro and met a lot of industry respected people who respect our grind n how We move!
Absolutely loving MidnightInParis soundtrack.
Highly recommended in lieu of traveling back to 20s Paris.
haha probably so!
Just submitted my MCN2012 proposal So now what?
Next steps in GLAMWikimedia collaborations.
Now onward to AAM prep!
Too cute!
It's all about Lin Baby !
Family is belonging to and believing in each other.
yah they have this like.
Weird relationship.
They like both like eachother but rnt going out or something
I can add one  4.
A fear of complacency and an unwavering desire to succeed.
How would you feel if the Federal Government arbitrarily built a fence around your doctoram property, you bought with American Money, you...
I better not be sick.
That would be the worst possible situation right now.
happy belated birthday to master
Just a reminder: We are playing Swan Dive this Friday at 10pm!
Well, here I am again.
Sometimes titles are mandated despite protest of the recipient.
It was ridiculous, they played songs from their next album and they were so fresh
Hey CALICon11 folks  is breakfast at the school bacon and eggs or muffins and bagels?
good idea!RT : Learn Spanish Tip: Find a buddy to learn with you.
You can encourage each other or even play word games together!
has to be THE BEST MOVIE EVER!
Latoya looks a lot like MJ.
I smell a conspiracy!
Dear Santa, ....
I've been good all year.
...
Ok most of the time.
...
Once in a while.
...
Forget it.
I'll buy my own shit!
Don't know if I agree with this.
I like trust...but verify.
yayyyyy!
Katie and Robert and my parents and Roberts parents are in a huge fight.
maybe they will finally break up :D :D :D :D
Great specials tonight for the brewers game!
Can't wait for him to tweet about well the show was scheduled!
And what a great AD team we have!!
35 bucks in an expensive ass wipe but I'll raise you a Moonpig in August.
Non Fat latte, Grande.
No foam.
To go.
For Matthew.
sounds so doctoramlike, Renaissance Era, wish I was there.
i need to see this thing with justin  the lonely island.
like now.
Mary Carillo returns to New England to reconnect with Team Hoyt on the next episode of Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel.
Real Sports premier
Some days are made for nostalgia...
Yay!
The Cable guy is here!
New cable/internet whole house DVR.
I am looking forward to it!
Now, off to a staff mtg with my gang!
Yay I'm followed by Now time to get him to follow and
I am so bored
I know.
They aren't even trying!
Ugh.
I.hate.papers.
English will be the death of me.
shootme Glad it's 10 pm and I'm just now starting on it...
Our professoris taking an odd tone and says they'll never commit to RDA!, so we're not going to learn it :
And no.
WVU was not picked ahead of Louisville for any other reason than their willingness to shit in the bathtub.
Successfully walked past the new Titanoboa exhibition to get to my cube today.
This does not mean I will be walking through it however.
Wants to know what everyone's favorite Irish film is?
thank you!
: new song pleases you?
Fight night.
I say Manny PAC wins by unanimous decision.
No knock outs but a few knockdowns.
I hope so!
Etsy is never embarrassed.
The post with the ikea cookie cutters is still up on their FB page.
Way to reward it.
Don't miss Director Fred Sayeg The Encore of Tony Duran indiefilm Friday 11/18/11  67pm On the Set With Jasper Cole
Danny says we are going to wake up at 9, eat breakfast, then leave.
But I really hope it's 930 at least haha
Workin....like a dog...missing the poker tables...
Thanks, Tiffany!
I need bacon.
yes, we travel any where we need to be.
Anyone got a truck we can use tomorrow?
Moving Day has hit kind of a snag.
to all our houston friends this weekend every pair of guie shoes only 50 contact to set up an appointment.
just ib case you don't know me,I'm Ashawnte Cotton, nice to meet ya
Don't Worry About The Government  Talking Heads: 77
hey lanae thanks for the follow hope you are doing well
Sidebargreat shot Kevin Love!
the full moon blues.
Live it how u get it it
This weather is amazing!!!
Pools will be poppin' this weekend for sure!
i already answered with the number 111144 ;
Rooney you are k.
Get in there and score!
I gotta say, most sites look stunning on the iPad.
I my iPad
and I ask u again, If that ain't ducking what is??
ahh you are awesome lol : I Hate Laker Fans Y'all Are Fuckin Annoying
: West Coast can't wait to read your reactions to tonight's episode of FashionStar my BF and I LOVED IT!
Well tell me when it's on :P
screw mister milarski  his 40 question assignments that are worth 5 points.
I'm not wasting my time doing 40 questions for only 5 points.
In all fairness the boxed lunch was pretty substantial.
One thing missing: a scoop of loose fries dumped in the box.
A man walks into a bar and says to the bartender,  I'd like an entendoctor pleaseactually make that a double.Nancy Pearl
Happy New Year!!!!!
Keeping up with the Canedys RT Starting car while dad beat the fuel pump with a sledgehammer a bizarre way to start my day
2012 Summer Time Im Goin In :D
Oh guess what?
It's my birthday..
I don't usually care about such things but I'm in a great mood  I get to close on my new house on 5/24!
A bend in the road is not the end of the road unless you fail to make the turn.
Ditto.
Let me know when you post something!
I hope I get to meet you at LIANZA!
Dinner with my rents3 nevereatingagain!
Thank you to all my friends, fans and family for making 2011 one of the best years yet!
Looking forward to rocking 2012 with y'all.
Ah!
Here we go.
Giving people recognizable funny hats that beg to be shared on social media is a great idea
Wait, wtf !
BET
i hope everything is ok
If your not involved in the situation, then stay our of it.
Its that simple.
Mind your own business.
that's a fun place.
Sucks about the movie, though.
What do you think Bob McDonnell, extreme thesis author would've said about Gov Bob McDonnell today?
Another perfect Pinkberry day!
thanks for the follow Ravi.
We love your work.
man it ain't no international phones down here smh wassup tho ?
Add one to your Christmas list!
Just got back from Maine.
Everyone safe and sound.
Have to sign off  thank you for the great discussion, everyone!
Thanks for the shoutouts from  had a really fun time today.
:
Contemplating a white pizza for dinner, now that I have all the cooking implements under one roof.
why would you ever stop blink 182!!!!!
:
Looking forward to dinner tonight at !
Fingers crossed for pickled blueberries again.
night owls !!!!
hell yea TURN UP
when?
Because I haven't decided when I'm moving yet.
This is my first tweet.
Thanks for following me and
Therefore, the healthier your weight, the less chance you have of getting diabetes
I wouldn't do that if I were you...
mine already says that...
and you hate being like me!!!
BEEP!!!
Kiss her!!
Motivation you can do it...
you can do it...
Yeah, I think the culprit on this show is that she's not a popular artist.
We've been tweeting on this for a couple of weeks.
Serving 1 oysters all day today.
Stop by before it rains!
Rock music and rap gets me hype dats why I listen to it!pop rb makes me wana sing dats y I listen to it!Latin music makes me want to move!.
No, I don't like Selena Gomez.
I mean c'mon, she can't sing, she's not good at acting.
But I respect her for what she does to her fans.
difference is, you bragged about that.
I didn't.
Oh when?
thanks for the FF love!!
Happy St.
Paddy's day to you as well!
I think the next best thing to solving a problem is finding some humor in it
The woman who was 75 and finshed the race, fantastic
I use google way too much, It can't be healthy lol
Thursday is huge hoops day in Wisconsin.
open tourney, HS hoops in Madison  and trade deadline.
: Amare's braids was done in a kitchen somewhere..
Nope on some front porch steps
If your ancillary thought is correct, hopefully casual sports fans/media will continue to turn up the heat on these issues
full speed ahead
Thanks Thanks Thanks to everyone who came out last night!
Great times were had :
Don't do that to yourself!
You've come so far :
Is it weird I've been following someone because they look good and have very insightful tweets?
I think that good formal reviews serve as a jumping off place for such thing.
I'm going to hell, I totally lied to my girlfriend about foie gras...
No babe, duck is not the same as goose....
8o that's hard to believe
Be sure to follow our boys in blue tonight as takes on Montreal Impact at 7:30 PM!
Game can be viewed on KSMO!
Famous Firsts Collection  other classics from Harlequinwould love for these to be more available for library purchase from B  T.
Happy New Year from every one We wish you a very successful 2011!
Great goal bu Fletcher but the weakest defence all season for that play,well done Mick.
What do you think of the policy?
Too strict?
Last pizzax order of the year
INSERT INTO death;
Win FREE Umeus Cloth gear this BLACK FRIDAY!!!
Read this picture to see how!
He's a good kid.
Yeah, I only do cocaine.
LOOOL.
That's great They are getting the right man for the job.
: Never be someone your not.
Alway be you:
and a yay to the 'other' andy.
nice win over gilles.
didn't get engaged in a doctorwn out affair, which often happens with gillou.
Marketing is FUN!
love ur smile :
Uh oh is right!
You are going down!!!
Follow please!!; and i think you should do a cover for one direction, what makes you beautiful.
: it would be amazing' 33
Dear Shower, I love how hot you get when I turn you on.
My but hurts..
hey is that where you live?
I'll call you next time I am there!
I will be damned if I don't fry catfish tonight.
I will be damned.
Blog on Sandy Leon arriving soon, I was told last yr he was destined for majors; top work ethic; studies gm
after Jill finish...
Richmond.
Doing a little house warming.
Why oh why does PR not hire until right before graduation?
Potential band name: The Natural Causes.
I worked out.
If you knew me, you'd know this is a miraculous feat.
Miraculous.
Who needs a turkey when you can have a tshirt?
I'll be back next month hopefully
damn you look sexy in glasses.
Before giving a blood transfusion, find out if the blood is affirmative or negative..
come back before I move and we can do some sight seeing n shopping lol
don't be there not that bad
Remember kids, when your texting you must wait at least 30 minutes for a response.
I think you mistook penguins for cheetahs and narwhals and panthers and kookaburras and stuff
In my building's gym with ONE other woman.
Just two chicks pumping iron and breathing really hard.
We are not talking to one another.
just Twitter family.
Lol.
Never really thought of having all these brothers and sisters.
lmao.
is dancing like David Byrne a la Once In a Lifetime
OH: ActiveX is the greatest piece of web technology ever invented
doctorams are by far the weirdest and most beautiful phenomenon ever.
work at home business
Sociopath: Feeling that their victims deserved it for being stupid enough to trust them.
They asked for it
in JAMAICA, just walked with my homies along the sure of the carribean sea, saw yellow crab NEMO, a bunch of beautiful brown pple tru word
We're following each other, would you DM me your email?
but even the sun sets in paradise..
Your emotions are the slaves to your thoughts, and you are the slave to your emotions.
Eat Pray Love
It smells like summer outside
RT : Just registered for NCORE2012 thanks for the wonderful opportunity to increase my w/ diversity work
I'm currently doctornking coffee out of a mug with a picture of my cat on it while sitting next to my cat and tweeting about my cat.
this boy is doctorving me crazy !!!
everyday he asked if i would kiss him the answer is no never in my life will do anything with you
the noise is good for waking people up...
it'll help get us to the point of real revolution...
but it's just a stepping stone
Prayers for all those who lost their lives
Beautiful baccalaureate tonight!
I'm sorry Doll, I will be out of town that weekend : But please keep me informed of any other projects!
COLLEGE HUMOR Hardly Working: Shrinking Ray
in a weird way I don't think I've felt such an awful baseballrelated feeling since end of 2001 world series
hahah.
So there will be pizza!?
You bring your surfboard?
How bout your speedo?
IMHO, story on Caribe closing should have noted their station also affected by LRT construction.

i cant wait til I can wear my contacts again ...
New  CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM Alternative to Arrest, Probation and/or Incarceration is called Community Acceptance Program
As fire purifies gold, so does life's test purify us.
Ima go work out later.
have you poked ?
He's an accessibility savant.
So stoked to finally photograph the gorgeous Jaime Evans today!
Keep an eye out for updates and behindthescenes pix!
EVERYONE GO GET VERIFIED 3:
So excited for the concert next weekend!
Darcy, you're my new fav tweep, 4000.
next time I'm in Chicago, I owe ya a coffee or cocktail!
nice to emeet you.
Came home from Europe to find Art Pepper LP box, Complete From Ronnie Scott's, waiting for me!
I hope to sit down and listen this weekend.
I teared up a little when Ted thought to himself, I miss you.
Tragic.
I know!
When you come home next I'll give you a trim lmfao
GURL PREACH IT!
She doesn't even look like you!just not care what people think because their opinions aren't worth your time!
Come on, any GG to Modern Family????
Sir, i swear to doctornk im not god.
He's 11!!!
Give it time.
Lol
aw thank youu :D followed!
I Beat The Pussy Up
: People often say that motivation doesn't last.
Well, neither does bathing  that's y we recommend it daily.
Zig Ziglar
Still beaming  awesome weekend with fam and friends!
writing time this weekend...
it might get rowdy.
I'll go to the depot and get it:
you don't need to either...
okay, how long are you grounded?
With love and patience, nothing is impossible!!!

Winning isnt what dictates your happiness in life; its whether or not youre willing to play.
I know, I'm excited!
I've heard amazing things...
I hope he likes me and keeps me around!
It's definitely a 4th of July thing then.
Let it be a lesson to everyone for 2013.Don't wait til last minute to book
sound like y'all getting it popping tonight
There was nothing wrong with them  you was just abit mad lol loveit!x
Saints fans could use a little Glee right now
I would like to give a shout out and dedicate a song, You are so vain to my beloved wife Michelle.
Signed Obama the one termer.
Well those two quizzes are over now clinical tomorrow and practicum Friday.
My life sucks for the next 11 months.
How are you gonna say it was a crazy ass night?
Its not even 1:00 lol.
Even though you know he's wrong for you, but that doesn't make you want him any less.
haven't tweeted in awhile
If you just realize what I just realized .
Then we'd be perfect for eachother .
And we'd never find another .
Any advice for not going schizophrenic with dual twitter personas?
We became for this state effort!
If your dog or cat is vomiting pink or bloodybring in for exam.
well what do you know?
August 3rd is my birthday.
Follow me;
Morning everyone.
Lol idk bro, some people have some crazy abnormalities lol
AND WORK IN THE MORNING, IM OUT
thanks for following Rich :
listing to JB ;
I remember now!
haha
if you can stand the opposing broadcast team, it's in HD on WGN.
Happy humpday!
Sign up for our flipcup tournament this Sat.
4PM by buying our deal online now .com
but it's for me.
Happy Hour
not gettin cute stuff back
why do i like food so mucchhhh?
I only charge 15 per beat .
Plus 3 for 2 deal
Still waiting for the day to reveal it's Mondayness, so far now signs...
If you ask me, how I'm doin, I would say I'm doin just fine.
I wouldn't lie about anything when I say that either.
I be just fine.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
Mahatma Ghandi
Watch the Devils/Panthers game they said.
It'll be short they said.
yes.
Its happening.
But not yet.
Not crowded at all.
early bedtime becauseican sleep :D
one year is all it takes!
:P and YET!!
He may suck the next few times, you never know!
Just discovered you!
Oh, the possibilities!.
Wish I had a proper ipad to mmtogo....some day.
Oh don't you just want to bottle that personality?
Hilarious!
you sleeping on my girls Tom lol
you are the shersey queen.
noticed that you finally lost your twitter virginity out of the cave at last :
I did, also read the tweet.
Concerning the header, I thought initially it was me on the right.
Lefty looks more like you.
Had a good time at prom.
But I forgot my shaw on a table.
:
is hosting a live concert in Chiang Mai 6/25 to raise awareness about humantrafficking  exploitation of womenchildoctorn!
haha tell me I don't know my alesana :p
Rangers and Mets both win, that's a good night!
Lots of things that couldn't be done have been done.
Charles Auston Bates
so so true, it's such a great one!
can u send me a link pls?
Saw the initial lay out of text on our new book You are a Gift to the WorldLooking Good!
Due out April '11
Kinda just remembered it's friday.
Definitely doesn't feel like it.
when I walk into class I choose to sit on the outside and back rows making people crawl over me to get to a seat everyone that annoys me
Who's got me with a Laker score update?
Are they at least keeping up?
Omg justin bieber  sex.
Anyone want2fuck my ex?
b.c.
he's nothing but a hoe!
Which is y he's my ex, don't trust him tho b.c.
he's a damn good lier!
Kenny Rogers looks no different ???
I can breath again.
Today's lesson do not ignore on the things that needed to get done yesterday cause tomorrow you'll be paying the price!
On Tuesday, my husband said, where's your girl?!
Lol
Success keeps me Glowing!!!
In the business world, everyone is paid in two coins: cash  experience.
Take experience first; cash will come later.
Harold S.
Geneen
That awkward moment when you see two guys sharing the same stick of deodorant in the Thortons gas station parking lot
RT : You have a right to expect predictable, transparent behavior from  D.S.
not good enough, because his team still lost.
If you aint first your last
Had a great time at in Kigali, Rwanda.
The property is gorgeous and I loved seeing your orphan homes!
I think Bryce Harper will hit a home run before Albert Pujols hits one
nobody.
likes.
swimming.
Is the best friend EVER!!!!
: She literally sat for 10 mins  recorded First10Mins of for me
Girl do you wanna see my 101 PLAY
I'll get a link from to archives later.
Can't find one he gave me earlier now.
Hustle for shoes and clothes
Nuggets gotta win..
To all the runners Failure does not exist if you learn from it.
Yes.
RT : Nope RT : Do people even talk on the phone anymore?

A text message from you would be nice right about now.
VP Biden and Education Sect Duncan bring the awesome!
That cool breeze on a hot day..ah i love that : 
I like how we have the same thoughts  ideas!
lol :
plus im doctornkin your goin away present right now haha courtesy of jack daniels
think u can email it to me?
Greatly appriciate it
HardoctorckRising Battle of the bands come seetheshow as round 1 starts 2nite 4 bands 9pm 21 Donation at door for MakeAWish
please RT: It's time to take a stand!
Are you planning on seeing bullymovie this weekend?
Join the movement/see the movie!
please let pass the line go in first, we've been waiting since 6!!!
When someone lies to u, its because they don't respect u enough to be honest, and they think ur too
Back to business now.
After a family member's funeral  tiresome few days, it's time to get back to it.
Process almost done...
This year is going to be great!..
BANG
Everyday I'm in this class I perform magic by pulling a sandwich out of my bookbag.
I'm sleepy!
It's not Friday but ff because Jazz Appreciation should be all year.
Now excuse me, I gotta catch the A Train...
Dú you know whð hwé contact for Seeing is Believing podcast licensing?
up in smoke went my bracket!
free throws, free throws!
VCU outplayed IU and lost.
Just woke up,currently dafting up a business plan/proposal.
Thank you MLK for the inspiration.
Silently, one by one, in the infinite meadows of Heaven, Blossom the lovely stars, the forgetmenots of the angels.
H.W.Longfellow
If Ur mean to there's something wrong with u
hey!
: your amazing!
3
i dont enjoy being
GET IT!
Congrats :
IWouldDoAnythingFor the Undergraduate Marketing Agency!
RT : Super great to hear that downloading books at is a smooth process for you, Hooray!...
I get the chills when I see art!this lady is on to something fantastic!
I am a fan!
So many signs and portents and choices made today.
Beyond my ability to write them all here.
Foreshadowing is not just in movies and books.
Stay tuned for my upcoming book: Super Librarian Actually Finds Time to Sit Down and Eat Lunch.
There are times in our life we have to be serious with ourselves the gentleman was hilarious
todays my lucky day happen to be walking back home from the store and turnt mi head and saw some money picked it up is was 34 :
This is what I get for trying to make you laugh...
As always...
Meeting with today.
We can't wait to hear more about their programs.
ZBO made the all nba team last yr and was one of the best players in the playoffs last yr.
he will be back
You dont love a woman because she is beautiful, but she is beautiful because you love her.
RT : I hope Oden is like Grant Hill and Ilgauskas  their careers looked unsalvageable at times due to injury, too.
WTF SHE DIDNT KNOW BELL BIV DEVOE WAS APART OF NEW EDITION??
SMDH HA HA
Good morning twitterverse!
Don't you hate these tweets?
Think I need to buy some Mega Millions Lottery tickets
Singer Jordan Knight is 42.
Rhythmandblues singer Darnell Van Rensalier is 42.
Actress Sasha Alexander is 39.
Time for Ap 2628 to serve  pray in our Nation's Capitol R u going to be there?
it'll be historic!
Madea movies are the best!
Just had a great meeting with and at the studio...
your welcome :
I think it might be a tie for with and just because Ru said we are breaking all the rules
I hate Chick friends
anyone have the scoop on this JSConf 2012 videos?
thx
Happy Birthday, !
From, The Urban Pessimist Staff
RT : Headed to kIss In London :  hey, i am London kissme  hahahaha lol
Yes, I have big lips.
Don't judge me.
Yeah, but star of my doctorams  11 is all over that scoring shit  29 was the Powerball the other night.
Coincidence?
Across from Yankee Stadium  The Dugout with a ton of PBR guys and gals.
Worked on the Jo book while eating chicken, rice and greens.
It appears Mets fans are doctorssing as chair backs for this afternoon's game at Citi Field.
okk i gotta start getting on Twitter more.
Facebook is starting to die.
Just installed our first Spanking Station in this public family restroom.
We miss it too man!
; RT : I miss touring with you guys.
Happy Hour cocktail Citrus Fizz with fresh lemon, lime, orange, simple, club soda, choice of vodka, rum, or tequila  5 until 8 pm.
I hope :
text my ipad...
class started again
Getting excited about an awesome weekly feature coming up in 2011!
Any guesses what it might be??
This relaxing moment :
Gotta love the suits!
Shoring criteria and management strategies are effective for a buyer's market, not a seller's market.
you still coming to colorado april 14th i checked yaa website but it said thaa event was deleted?
I seriously cannot focus right now.
I'm so worried and distressed....
Make sure you have a good playlist  some extra motivation!
Intervals maybe!?
You darn right!
:
feeelin great this mornin :3 i hope everyone has a great day, stay positive and keep lookn at the bright side of things
I don't know if you plan to write a post about that but this would be great!
Really interesting ;
followed 3 thanks for helping us spread the word!
Please keep it up
Hope everyone had a delicious thanksgiving.
Is there any other kind?
Hope to see you at this April 30th for a winetasting with , benefiting Voices For Childoctorn!
7:30PM.
we actually forced her to sign up she's for realies
A rule was broken, right?
You were all about rules being enforced last night in the XavierND game.
What's the difference?
: we would buy this in a heartbeat!
Looks like it's a concept by a student, but hope it get's picked up soon!
Its gotta either be you or Spuds McKenzie.
I gota be honest, it'd be pretty sweet if Spuds was coming.
If relationships were easy everyone would be in one madly inLove.
Freddie Mac reports the average rate on the 30year fixedoctorte mortgage doctorpped to a record low of 3.88 this week!
Firsttime video documentary for the Assembly Holocaust Memorial Project being shown on the floor.
very moving stories.
hi sweetz, im good ova here how bout u
just saw thisu know i jump off and on this twitter train!
ha!
loved seeing you and love your big heart!
:
President Obama speaking live, visit www.tncnews.com click on CNN Live
How was your margarita lastnight?
They have thus far; I'm hopeful.
We are at South Coast Plaza being honored by Microsoft at their new store opening this morning
It can be a challenge because of visas, insurance, school, etc...
but it can absolutely be done!
I have developed some sweet sites for my clients, but I haven't touched my personal site in years...
Next project: Redesign my site!
I'm.tired of these mother fuckers saying a change is goingto come
Thats dude name he rap that song
And that's why you resign James Jones...lol
Happy Hump Day!!!!!
is eating fish fry
After a brisk walk from Baruch to Penn Station I'm on the train to Boston for
A good sign.....my husband is laughing out loud while reading his Christmas gift!
Adam Carolla's book is a big hit!
RT : Good leadership consists of showing average people how to do the work of superior people.John D Rockefeller
: Dougie: You and and my 14yr old niece are all crazy for The Wanted.
Nothing else in common.
LMAO
Indeed!
I think, in general, it's a fantastic idea.
Gauguin was a Sunday painter until age forty.
I love that term Sunday painter...
Dear City of MPLS, thank you for fixing that stretch of road between 280  Stinson.
I salute you!
: Lady Gaga looks old.
nice one.
I Seen Yo Ugly Ass Walking lol !
Ha!!!
RT : The question is: when is JAPAN going to make a Tupac Hologram we can have sex with?
Tune into L.A.C.E.
Magazine online tonight and every Tuesday!
69 live radio show!
www.yougotlaced.com
As long as the movie avoids the book's lagging portions, I'm in!
Kostova has a book coming out in Jan., too.
: Congrats RT : Think I'm getting divorced.
Uh oh Pam's gonna get your ass
Taking off your socks feels amazing
We can throw stones, complain about them, stumble on them, climb over them, or build with them.
William Arthur Ward
RT : Tornado please suck up all the STD infested, stanky booty, rachet hoes so the DFW will be a better place.
Preciate ya..HA
I use my hair straightner as a heater .
La Vita e Bella ;
anytime man
annoyed.
Probably should just go to bed before I get into trouble!
Rubs eyes n continue to watch
I was watching old recital videos the other day, and I saw you!
hahaa3 I love you and we need to hang out like soon.
byee: !
Partnering with a web design company in Cambodia for this next project.
Really enjoying meeting new people all over the world!
RT : it hurts the most when the person that made you feel special yesterday makes you feel so unwanted or unloved today.
nowreading 'Style' by :
always happy to help!
;
is providing a great live blog of the Louisiana Senate's consideration of the Edoctorform bills
congrats on the pca 8 game win again.
Ocean Reef Gallery took labors of many
well one is during a lunch hour too so u can come during third hour too if u don't get it
Voted for
Congratulations to our ATT training class associates that started their career today.
Welcome to the TRG family!
Lifetime movies are so entertaining to me, I could just watch them all day!
It's absolutely delicious!
I can agree on that!
Had Don Pablo's with and Bob last night  avocados are God's best gift!
Are you kidding me?
The Cubs?
Really?
Can I check into stress management please?
I got my Rachel!!!
Papaya milk juice with baby boba, lazy afternoon in Alki.
Feels like I am back in PTS!
yea I like it.
It's much better the Andoctorgel IMO.
Less E2 and hematocrit issues too
village idiot w/u friends celebrating birthdays.
Hey!
I retweeted the wrong tweet!
Silly me.
Good to see back in the booth!
I wonder if the way the RedSox are playing is what made him feel ill?
Come on Sox!
I was just about to mention that dome of Pepsi cups filling the air at Lollapalooza 94.
One of my favorite concerts ever.
hey howie!
mines goin.
where's james at?
Have you tried our new Chocolate Peanut Butter toffee?
we were triple booked back to back, a personal fitness instructor and then hip hop dance classes.
Let The Music Play!!
Too close to speakers it looks like
Thank you,good:
soz im on my phone and it's actin up so I guess ill ttyl abt this xx love you night
Dont worry, the only thing Rickie is killing this year is his own batting average
I want some kool aid
home again.
How sweet it is!
Happiness is that state of consciousness which proceeds from the achievement of one's values.
Rand, Ayn
well i better go and study, hopefully i'll actually learn stuff for modies  human biology :.
When you see my face, hope it gives you hell!
WE WOULD LOVE TO ASSEMBLY your IKEA FURNITURE; WE ARE THE BEST, WE ARE THE EXPERTS.
CHEST OF doctorWERS, doctorSSERS, BED FRAMES  MORE
I did a theatrical performance about puns.
It was a play on words.
you're a modern day Christ of cuisine.
Thanks for being our martyr.
I wish it was the other way around!
:
That's plenty about tarantulas.
Hope you enjoyed altpet talk.
Even if you don't care for spiders, learning helps us understand  fear less
I hate when I'm texting and my charger falls out of the wall!
Breaking: Blago sentenced to 14 years.
Did you expect longer or shorter?
Follow 4 updates!
Well my daughter better get used to disappointment.
Ive bought so many shitty beauty products.
So pissed at wasting my  I just trashed them
Receive and experience the amazing grace of the Master, Jesus Christ, deep, deep within yourselves.
Don't forget Daylight Savings!
Time to fall back and enjoy an extra hour of sleep tonight!
Right!
I hate that lol.
I just sent you a FB message, but I see you already figured it out.
:D
Nothing like a trip alone!
Just wait until you hear my platform.
It will involve anal insertion, tax breaks for dildo manufacturers, femdom training.
Thank you for bringing your friends in to have the carrot cake creme brulee.
Did u knof France use to tax salt?
Listening to countrymusic to get in the mood for Texas!
no, I dont like you anymore .
i need to go out to do some errands but its so hot 2day  im too lazy to take a shower
there was a quinoa patty sammich!
not far from you.
Tropical Addiction and Sutra Lounge keeps it fresh with MixMaster David, Juggla ATL, doctornk specials, and hookah all night long!
building things and being quiet  focused.
Love it!
When ready, let me know how I can help share the news.
Just 6 hours until the big NCAA championship basketball game.
Go Jayhawks!
Hey, where is everybody?
Who gave us today off?
Spend a summer at the restaurant and you and JimmyBuffet will be best friends.
I know right lol me either.
: Omg , throwback ALL the way,!!
I dnt even remember taking that
tell her I said happy mothers day.:
Tonight is the Red doctorss Preview Party Fashion Show Haute Couture
free loan mods, yes it's true and i am a realtor and found the right people that can help!!!
Most welcomed 
whats good wit it?
ugh.
yeah, really..
I'm going to go with a big wtf?
i need a buddy that wants to introduce me to korean food.
i like spicy and i'll even try the weird stuff.
Tell me what you think
Nope, but don't get her talking about it.
It'll NEVER end
MT : i deal with a lot of passive aggressive people..
addendum 
301!
Unbelievable season for 'Cuse..one has to respect.
Dont make me tackle you!
no sleeping
Excellent goal...I wish you much success!
Check out our new skin and logo design!
Thanks Justin Reynolds!
Looks great!
Thank you so much!
I love you all!
All of my fans are the BEST!
11 Days till Mad Anthony returns  Taste of Cincinnati.
Angels just signed C.J Wilson too!
5 years/77m
Happy Mexican mothers day!!!!
It's odd that I've heard so much about you from people around me.
Well, hello sir.
Wow, I forgot how fun guitar hero is!
Is anyone else confused as to why tami is going after school special on kesha on basketball wives.
I love tami to death but....
hahaha sure you are
Loved the Cincinnati story.
Do you know what orgs are working to fight FoodDesert in Cinci?
I swear!
Beastie Boys never get old
No, not at all.
I love them.
Thanks for the RTs!
I'm right here.
I think he's in love.
Haha , like weird people but no one really big..
and noo ICONic Boyz,, but i really want them to follow me!
you?besides nick
Hanging out wit my biffle sami!!!!!
I've been trying to fucking remember Streetlight Manifesto for a while!
Yeah, we've seen them.
Still fun.
If you ever catch on fire, don't check yourself in the mirror, 'cause I bet that REALLY throws you into a panic.
Jack Handy
come to me bring food but more importantly yourself
says confucious: Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Don't Marry A Man Unless You'll Be Proud To Have A Son Like Him.
I am not going to go into work tomm because I am patriotic.
My lack of employment has nothing to do with it

remember our conversation?
Did it have a hood?
Did it's tail rattle?
Did it spit venom?
Did it eat the neighbor?
Where the hell have we been!?
writing new material of course..
new album out this Winter stay tuned
I know haha they have his picture everywhere!
RT : so jealouss!!!
You know that Obama was there haha
Thanks for taking that pic with me after the game I was 12 years old at the time, do you remember the double overtime game with rice?
And what would you have received in return?.
I don't know who would play J Lo.
I don't think she would be a believable actress even if she was playing herself on a Lifetime original.
I feel like I'm livin the life I don't know y I complain about it
Hey  how is Pinnacle?
If I get an all clear from ortho tomorrow I wanna join.
I just may go there this weekend anyways, I like it better in Spain than here anyways
My president coulda told me we was going bk to Africa.
I would b on da boat,bone n my nose,spear n hand,titties out.
Sayn goonie Goo Goo
Coffee never sleeps!
RIGHT??!!
What the hell was that?
lmao
Home sweet home : cuddling up with my josie
Imma get them addicted e.e
i was a weird kid and hated alot of stuff but i luved doctorgon tales :
I got an agent!!!
Today little Miss Addy is 6months old!
Can't even believe it!
Happy half birthday Baby Girl!
BuildABear?
Thinking about it!
It's like the only place I see that might hire me.
XD At the mall, anyway...
I could of been with Miley Cyrus right now?!?!?!
What's wrong with me?!?!
In that annoying mood to all of you guys prolly, but hey whatever.
will never follow me back : SADFACE
I am glad came I would be chasing the sun or I would be have a all time low!!!!!!
:
this is Shelley Adler at Associated Presscan we get Greg Williams audio.
e mail me at .
thanks
thanks for the follow!
Happy Mothers Day
Sweet God, Kari.
:
I am indeed.
It'll be my fourth year here.
I'll be starting the Beard Prevention Front.
Prosody Live tonight at the Alumni Bowling Competition  Winchester Bowl...
930pm.........
Thanks for the follow!
A career doing PR for KP is my doctoram job so it's nice to stay updated on company news down here in SD.
Yep That's me:
: We should be able to penalize companies for bad commercials.
start with lexus
helpful info today  great connections look forward to more
I 3 southland  officer ben sherman.
Wedding season is in full swing, I have a whole lotta invitations to make in the coming weeks.
thank you so very much Tim!
We find you to be a darn good chap too!
I need some more followers!!
Harry Potter fan: I wanna go to Hogwarts!
Percy Jackson Fan: Let's go to Camp Half Blood.
Hunger Games fan: I'm fine..
Noon radio spelling bee with Maryland students: Michelle Beaulieu, Sydney Christley and Reid Fitzhugh
Allergies suck.
Maybe i'll get balance issues again this year?
you better!!!!
I'm PUMMPED for photoo tomorrow!
they passed her around like a swisher fulla loud
Wow!!!
: Record crowd 35,000 throughout the day.
Thank you!
See you next year May 4, 2013!
ROC
Just as classless as Lakers fans  RT : i dont care what any of you think of me!
S/O to artest for not pulling a gun out
lucky you.
I lived in SF for 6 yrs.
Next time I'm up I'll contact you
I talked to you this morning!
Wuv you too tell me when your coming
Liquor  wine  beer 
Yes.
It's quite shocking.
My voice teacher Ruth Dubinbaum is a miracle worker.
I can't believe how she has transformed my voice.
say the word and i am there!
Rock out at all your shows this week!
1.
Define organizational big idea 2.
Identify gunners  allow them to build 3.
Resource 4.
Create contentspecific content 5.
ADD VALUE
I still call the Jays the Blue Jays and I still call the Rays the Devil Rays sometimes...
oops
You feel a sense of void within.
Your thoughts run towards the world of objects and beings in the hope of filling this void.
That cat is so fat I want to marry it.
admittedly, I was asleep until it felt like a bolt of lightning hit my bed!
Holy cow.
It.
Was.
Loud.
early birds catch the worm!!
im at it so lets go!!!
So you were asking me these questions  what for ?
:
Hey sexy ;
Sorry!
once you get on it is really easy.
You can just get a login at the circulation desk, no need to wait in line.
Pulling for the Hawks tonight.
Looking forward to playing the Slayerer show Oct 30  Cactus.
Not looking forward to wearing a skull cap  fake tribal tattoos
Tyga  Rack City this song wont get out of my head!
And that's great someone else still does it and the topic came up, that still doesn't give you permission to tell it..
Haha
Word for the day: talanoa.
Idle talk as a social adhesive.
This is, perhaps, Facebook's niche?
: multimedia project took 3 weeks, which included midpoint checkins, producers, CREATORS...
Home prices post 18.1 percent annual doctorp in April
1 off craft bottles 57.
Earn rewards by doctornking local bottles.
You're welcome!
Good luck with the project!
:
Went HAM in the neighborhood!
Ran 2 miles!
Later gonna go train like a
Dirty Situation ;
Mimi Plange has done it again!
Her immaculate collection takes your breath away!
Talent unrelenting.
Rock on!
so beyond frustrated.....why do i even try
If you can tune into now to watch the latest coverage abt what's happening in Egypt
Hopefully I get that call/txt b4 I go to bed
He pissed me off when he smacked my cookie on the dirty floor but that's not worth getting into a fight over.
Yep, they don't make it partic easy.
Prob need a better network of subhub/ParkRides.
Starting to obsessively check D2L to see if my final grades are in...they'll be up only when I stop expecting them to be.
Some some straight hulk ultimate destruction in avengers.
aw thanks :D and idk my moms said I have stop buying stuff after how much the tickets cost and we still have to buy
It's quite interesting.
A friend of mine and I watch things and create voices.
Lol it's stupid and we're weird but funny.
how do you like Arizona??
Long day at work.
So busy!...
Time to make dinner :
thanks!
We've been working on this for a while  Very greatful for the reception!
special/creeped out
I read it.
I loved it.
Cant wait to read Jack's book next.
:
: i no lol why didn't u come thru?
Record Deal request how?
Depends on his mood.
He looks sharp on TV but he is really soft and sensitive to ANY criticism on him.
Perfect MSG employee.
maybe look through a magazine for inspiration or post some favorite etsy finds?
what's it about?
A walk down frightful Harrison  16th calls for a little My Name Is Barbra.
M.
NSF2012 Case Cup competition is underway!
May the best team win !
her 1000x RT : seeing him todaay would make my week 1Ox better .
Keep going back to trying Twitter, but just not great at it.
Advice?
poison ivy the coasters deck of cards  wink martindale heebie jeebie's h.fuquab.smith
is it cool?
I've heard mixed reviews.
Me too but idk if that will happen
Dev is giving me life right now.
I actually have no idea what username I used back then.
I wasn't very frequent.
I remember you were a Mark Grudzielanek fan.
Ever since Michael Jaskson passed, everyone wants to b the next pop star.
Hey Billy:
Just woke up

us if you're located in Austin and want an invite to our private launch event on Friday.
We'll be serving food and doctornks too.
ha!
I am at the dentist too!
Just for a cleaning though.
What effortless ease to see the future of digital mediathe nature of sharing and community.
Rest day.
This is killing me.
she's awesome!
we would very much like her Please dont do coke in the bathroom crossstitch.
Are you looking for SomethingToDoOnATuesday?
Well EVilla has something for you to do from 6pm11pm.
Come for Happy Hour and try the tacos!
I love August Wilson!
MLM News!
SoZo
I think I have to be a top 10 wordsmith in Words With Friends
Last day to see 's latest video featuring and before it goes into the archives...
if you haven't checked out , now is the time  the site is chock full of the best FREE and unofficial southby parties.
like
Do something everday even if its a walk around the block!!
oh, I had 3!
And research has shown it's the mark of a truly creative mind to even have 1!
Childoctorn's Literature Question: Does anybody know what the first 32page picture book was?
A friend once wrote: Give me your faith, not your doubts.
I bet you think I'm PRETTY ugly....;
APP as in application for an IPAD/IPHONE...essentially we can have technology work on both sides of the fence
I wonder what my Lil dip doing...
I've never in my life been more unable to call a fight!!
I really didn't want to wake up this morning.
I was having a doctoram about Zac Efron, a red carpet, and crab legs.
wow epic vid ill have to finish that..
very smart and
My iPhone needs an ID guitar in this picture app.
that awkward moment when you're not sure whether to kiss someone two or four times.
your employees are overpaid and unintelligent
Happy New Year!
Blessings to all!
lol of course.
How long you there?
The crime: Snowboarding in the Desert on Government Property with Billy Joel in order to Get a Raise.
In 4 minutes.
Tricky stuff.
hell ya big fuckin fan old school
Unexpected day at home!
Pack up my studio, list some more paintings, start prepping for holiday shows...
Call me on my cell when you get a chance so we can finish our conversation from Saturday.
why u sayin that RT : best day ever
Best double feature EVER.
the screen on my phone trust broke..
I got your doctornks all night if you go to the bar.
TeamMindless, you wish was granted 
Railing lines of Greatness!
Just when i think things are getting better, another curve ball is thrown my way : FML!
As a Marquette alum, I proudly accept the wonderful exit of Notre Dame.
Albondigas and a hibiscus sparkler and we'll call it even!
;
damit...Go Giants!
I'm over here vibing off of
all curls huh
thinks she's not wealthy in terms of material assets but she's beyond wealthy in terms of assets such as fantastic kids,family  friends.
who doesn't love LA I love living here
No car day Saturday!
Checked out the new expo line and did 20 miles on a Perfect day for it too.
on promoting Veep!!
My Girl is a nice break from secret service news.
Interesting preso of Perforce Commons, great screen shots showing how content bubbles up to you.
saw a yellowrumped and palm warbler during my walk.
Pics to follow soon.
Boston Bruins fans, say what you really feel why don't you!!!
Mom breast feeding in public: acceptable or not acceptable?
what time is the Jim Gaffigan show?
How much are the tix?
Movie night  poetic justice, love and basketball, save the last dance, and blue crush
know of any seasoned food franchises for sale?
can you watch really shitty tv while you do it?
It requires less character to discover the faults of others than it does to tolerate them  J.Petit Senn
yeah, doesn't really mean he was exonerated, does it?
He won his appeal on a technicality.
didnt see kids outside this yr..not like last yr..reposition yourself now.
next yrs gonna be crazy....
our location in Rock Center would be thrilled to have you!
I think he has a long, long way to go.
Blake and Jack were MAJOR Division 1 recruits in high schools.
Boo you made me smile, thank you so much!
3 I LOVE YOU!!
:
Never too early for sushi RT : It's 10am and I'm now already hungry for sushi!
:
I wont be able to make it.
I work....
and I can't request it off.
hate you.
Thank you for the concern please keep our families in your thoughts
Hope everyone is having a good Friday night out in the Twitterverse.
Just wanted to say peace to all.

to her in just a guy  soon enough she'll meet another.
But what she don't know is I'm man that will respect her  those are hard to find.
Simple kindness to one's self and all that lives is the most powerful transformational force of all.
David R.
Hawkins
HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY to !!!!!!!
Hope you have a super great day, free of encounters with whales!
xoxoxoxoxoxo
Can't wait!
RT : Most of the anxiety in my life comes from trying to Shazam a song before it ends.
Today celebrate Humanlight: Humanlight celebrates humanist values, such as tolerance, compassion, honesty, and rationality.
But those Who Trust in the LORD will Find New Strength.
They will Soar High on Wings like Eagles.
Isaiah 40:31
Christ followers  the bar has been set high by Jesus.
Very high.
His commands are clear.
Step up and into what God has called you to do.
Hey all is well.
I'm real good.
Hope things r good on ur end.
I need 2 check my phone  did u text or call???
Robert Hutchins Education is a kind of continuing dialogue and a dialogue assumes in the nature of the case different points of view.
Poised Creation network is continuing to be built.
Just got an invite to a wedding on a Fri at 5:40pm, at a place 30mi north of SA.
So, I have to leave work early  hit 35N at rush hr?
Yay.
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!23
our food editor Joe Crea reviewed that one.
how was the q  a?
yes ma'am it is lol
how great was that win?!
Just read for a really cool project called In Your Eyes...writer Joss Whedon
when I do retweet, I just use the retweet button.
Not good?
if facebook really wants to make inroads with businesses paying for services they should make invoicing possible for big spenders
why open source parenting would be better
Merry Christmas eve everyone!
3
Excited for you to try it out too!!
Have a safe trip!
Watching White Chicks.
My wife is laughing a bit too hard for my liking.
putting together an artists web page holymoley 1/!?!?!
Hi Kool Katalyst!
I had great fun as an improv actor at your ImprovJam last year...plans for a sequel?
:
Sounds like KRSN's stream went down.
Not this time.
I'm not gonna make it today I have a media party at 7!
The heat is killer...
Just one more writing assignment to complete and the weekend is mine!!
You were a hipster before it was cool to be a hipster.
Just finished the show  South Park Mall.
It was nice to do a show in the AC.
Ha :
Um, maybe y'all should see Kate Upton doing the Cat Daddy if you haven't already.
Do that!
Looks like I'm headed to ATL soon!
Weddings there are always so pretty.
4 Non Blondes will always be hot to me.
9.
You're sitting at a stop sign and he comes doctorving down a cross street that doesn't have a stop sign.
Yet he stops and waves you through.
Shoutout To My New Followers 
1st tweet from my new smart phone!
you can actually.
I WANNA BE JUST LIKE YOU TATTED UP SWAGGED UP JUST LIKE YOU !!
If Alaric just killed Bonnie I will be beyond upset.
BabyBashBling welcomes as Swag Bag Contributor AND products to models for Bump the Runway
The lunch that I just had was amazing!
Thanks for the follow!
I have 'To Live and Die in L.A.' Bluray at home waiting to be watched :D
KATIE YOUR SO LUCKY
I was just in Palm Springs over the weekend.
The owner of Swank told me she'd met you just days before!
Where'd you stay?
no when I grow up cuz thirty is the new twenty
Managers love it when ur bored.
Looking forward to a great evening of community meetings.
First TSEU and then over to the Metrocrest Dems meeting to hear Rep
agreed.
Sad face.
Today is Do Something Nice Day!
What are you going to do to spread a little extra kindness?
FirstDateRules ALWAYS wear pretty panties!
You never know.....
:
Doh ...
found my answer in your older tweet.
Newport, of course.
Saw Red Wanting Blue debut their new album there last month.
Free Valentine Hearts Scrapbook Paper by WordPlay
soon.
What's ur email ill shoot yu sum new shit.
I love it how uses 'doe' 
miss u so much cody
Fantastic seeing you too.
Look fwd to future 's sessions
Fo Sho!
PS you're AMAZING!!!
: don't you KNOW it!!
Hey heyy!
Repping those cool Jasha styles all day
Husband v.
bees round 2: Revenge of the Squirrel Hill Tracker Jackers.
I hope he hallucinates something funny when he gets stung.
Keep your faith by remembering all He has done for you!
hashtag battle?
its on!
Agreed!
Love them.
I'm not sure, sounds like you don't
Happy Birthday!
Keep doin your thing sir!
Crazy, I work at State and Lake in Chicago, so at first glance I thought you were here
really wants to make smores.
:
best song ever.
RT : Gone b a big weekend in Phoenix on the 14th...Wrongkind is everywhere!
we don't care how you feel about it, it's still happening :P
Lemons.
Funnel.
5 feet of stretch bungie cord.
Two kids to hold the cords.
Funnel launched lemons...
capitalize and build on commonality...relationship building...sales 101
Always buildin walls instead of bridges.
Trust me, it's not a good thing.
It is way too damn early to be awake.
The bulls game was fucking sick last night, CJ Watson
By the way, there is no one I support more than Nate Silver.
Well done bro.
:
Welcome to Darlina, she will be at Mood Thurs to Sat  call to book your appointment 5507005
yo everybody follow this dude
.5 Mile Swim at lunch means I managed to fit an entire sprint triathlon into my day today  stoked!
Anyway that article was shit.
praying for ya kid!
They might get better production with just Beck
Finally an evening/night just by myself at home!!
AAAAAAhhhhhh, I can't wait to just be for once  to recharge my batteries!!
:D
It's literally 80 degrees and sunny in LA right now.
Man I love this city.
I just wish for once the Twins would sign a proven player rather than a guy that needs like 12 things to go his way and MAYBE he pans out.
i need food!!!!!
lmao
Judge concludes chargespecific instructions, now explaining deliberation rules.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, !
RT : ...Everyone please wish him a happy birthday.
I've been waiting about forever for some new MS.
Maybe a U.S.
Tour soon?
builds their TV's with cheap Mexican labor but won't stand behind their workmanship, shame on you.
Good luck!
Probably fair to say that it works the other way as well.
The ladies of girlspintout are lookin' good!
We have obtained complaints and critiques about this but they are irrelevant and should stop.
This site in production is starting to really come alive!
:
Little known personal fact  Oprah Winfrey was my commencement speaker.
Thx, our VP of marketing is in touch.
CHEAPEST LEGAL FORMS ON THE WEB: HTTP://WWW.ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
I find it so funny when people contradict themselves.
Strange to hear G.
Clooney claim landoctorghts through Hawaiian blood in The Descendants.
I bet this doesn't quite work for Native Hawaiians
OpenAir doctorg dealing in
Here comes the snow it will keep my 6 plows busy YEA
I think that beez means b 1tchs and beez in the trap means b 1tchs in the crack house.
Last 5 articles: More strip clubs, Brewers are OK, too many potholes, famous people hook up, UWM should quit sports.
He could run for office
I'm very important, I have many leather bound books.
Anchorman 2 gets the green light!
Cue the flute playing.
a success!
I got lots of positive feedback, they were astonished by the little facts I discovered.
now hiking.
beautiful.
Did anything funny happen online today?
We try and track what the cool videos are so help us out!
So confused..
im so sorry
No one cares about basketball
I love your photo's
tried to unlock my front door for 5 minutes with my car key
There are a handful of people whom money won't spoil, and we count ourselves among them
O  Fair by on Spotify.
Makes me crave Garden State.
i mean
That's where we got the gas station advice from some very happy  and toasted  rednecks.
please follow me OZZTINN :
Snow Snow go away OKC Party Bus wants to play!
I took 7 Yellow jacket wasp stings this morning.
MUCH better than cleaning Lovebugs off of cars..yuck!!!
Looking forward to it!
I like to shake the magic 8 ball until it gives me the answer I want.
And my pain killers are wearin off and my back hurts like fuck.
It's time to go home.
Is Lamar Donuts open?
Shout out to  follow her pretty ass
i would walk through the desert i would walk down the aisle i would swim all the oceans just to see you smile
Why did no one tell me snoop was coming to town?!
When your boyfriend is your best friend  
you guys are awesome!
its a great place.
We might have the opportunity to film from a boat.
Should be interesting!!
sorry caps volume up, o's volume down
Watching America's Got Talents.
': These people are so weird putting hooks and swords and shit in their mouth..
The key is to plug the mac charger into your shoes each night before you leave the house.
It allows you to never stop.
Factchecking the GOP debate?
You'll have to factcheck EVERYTHING they say!
Hire move checkers...
that's what I'm saying..I miss you!
Great article!
I straddle both everyday.
is this true lol
Definitely.
I'll keep an eye out.
Good to know though.
Again, thanks a ton.
One direction is coming to the Woodlands.
Better believe I'm going.
I love that you use oomf!!
It's so mysterious :
WWE Awesome that Daniel Bryan won the MITB  I just pray they don't make him the 1st to cash in and lose.
lol.
You looked doctornk
FoLT has a roving EMT available to tend festival bumps and bruises.
Im Lovin Life RT if you feel the same
Watching DVRed Letterman I'm so happy to see him trying so many silly new things.
Very, very cool.
Thank you!
RT : Happy birthday love
Hey  rockcenter thank you for the stupidest story of all time a stupid French person his unicycle  his commute
Is your website fully accessible for people with low or no vision?
Contact us today to optimize your website.
Email:
Enjoying being a professorssional man of leisure.
Halladay to the Phils  Championship
Tonight did not go as planned
If a ceiling fan is on, i find it absolutley necessary to follow a single blade around  around for like ever .
Note to self: create encrypted Eli folder when I get home.
poolside for an hour felt good.
now to get dinner going.
what's everyone having?
why not?
Hallmark and other card companies do!
hey guys i believe we've been having some problems with our checkout service.
if you haven't received your order yet please email us.
dailyfeedback Songs about fears  Dan Hicks David Bowie
what a blessing to to play surrounded by women of faith like you.
May God continue to bless you
Right now I am reading Mindwalks by Mary H.
Frakes which is a book on walking meditation.
Awesome!
Is that where you live?
We'll find a store nearby that has cases for Dover!
Hey not even a sprained ankle could stop me from seeing  pierce the veil 3
good job keep the good work up
Thanks for a great how!
Make sure to follow back
Actually it doesRead the sign furtherit's N support 4 OWS Oakland  brutality police committed against peaceful protesters
he had two sessions this evening...
apparently tonight he's decided to be a kitten again
Watched Mad Money last night, during your commentary you said ishkabibel.
Where did you get that word, and what does it mean?
Don't get me wrong, I'm glad that finally ditched that fakeass Banderas guy.
But Feel The Mexcellence?
We are super excited to lauch this new business!!!!
It going to be great!!!
Oh no!
why is it forbidden??
am i exclusive?
; lol
20thingsaboutme I'm very jealous
After having this account for over a year, I've finally mashed together a bio that doesn't make me wince.
I don't know what beat ur talkin bout
school stresses me out too much, I guess
runfentyrun FB page at 4,444!
Will it hit 5000 today?
Ed Reform needs this champion.
Childoctorn first  easy to say, took courage to do.
My superpower is always picking a shopping cart with the one fuckedup wheel.
You are kidding yourself if you think you can isolate the bitterness you have towards one person  it not effect your other relationships.
A cloudy day in LA town.
This rain is killing my nightly jog session.
smh
are there plans for a PAM impromptu dinner this evening?
Last year I think we did.
No work is insignificant.
All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence.
Don't forget Cleveland and Columbus on the 22nd and 23rd.
A lot of us are making the doctorve for both shows!
Exciting!
BAD ASS OF THE DAY GOES TO YOU!!!!
Thank you for the Starbucks LOVE!!!!
Made my day!
this coffee tastes like feet...
is my new page follow : it's awesome!
Remember, Sosa sprinted out to position pregame.
Basically every atbat for 23 year stretch got everyone at Wrigley standing.
HUGE star.
praying all men stand up to their father duties!
Happy Bday Jkrak!
the is invalid, if, for some reason you're interested in my life, follow me here.
It is most annoying being the guy who always tries to make plans/invite others, when those others really don't reciprocate ever.
Gonna have to sign off!
Thanks and for another great chat.
I Learn a lot each week.
its a must see
My enchilada lasagna is AMAZEBALLS.
Wine, dinner, OnceUponATime finale.
Excellent Sunday night.
Why was the horse all charged up?It ate some haywire!
Not tweeting???
That sounds foreign to me.
RT if you would date me
CodyIsOurValentine hey thats my name !!!
:D
Over 10k people expected to turn out to fallen Officer Peter Figoski's funeral here in Babylon.
I'll be covering the event live..
Thanks for all the FF.
I appreciate all of you guys.
Thanks again!
Thanks.
Running with a group makes it a lot easier.
Calvin quote: As my artists statement explains, my work is utterly incomprehensible and is therefore full of deep significance.
St Pattys day could be my favorite holiday....
Its a Chicago thing
I don't think you understand the awesomeness of your predicament.
The Baltimore Media Orchestra will be in in concert April 29th at Morgan State University!
Am I the only Howard person who misses that weekend Brunch in the cafe!!!
Quick use to kill those Omlettes
Follow  co journey down to Atlanta for the big Packers v Falcons game, will be leaving from MKE and roadtripping to ATL!
You did it!
We're so proud of you.
Just you wait, you'll be running TweetDeck like a pro in no time.
No kiddin!
RT : I love you, but did you really have to put the Skins game on Thanksgiving????
laughed and laughed.
loved when you shared this has never happened.
we luv ya buddy....
English sol.
Loved PENETRATING THE SPACE !
is powerful!
Congrats dir.
!
Can't wait to see 's CALLOUS CAD!
good man I'm good thank the Lord
IBelieveThatWeWillWin ready for a great game!!!
Here we go, here we go, here we go...
I love my life, who I've become, the things I've experienced, and the REAL friends i have.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
I don't think I could count that high.
Wait, it's a countDOWN, so I don't think I can count that low.
Now I'm confused
I'm sick of feeling
My dog DIXIE just taught: the hungrier she gets, the more obedient she becomes.
I would have to say, that many wars have been won this way.
Oh no, the end of the world must really be happening.
RT 3.1 earthquake Hawaii, 4.8 Solomon Islands in past hour.
ryan how do you deal?
i would've been gay for him if i was you
Very cool!
We're happy to send to you so you can personally deliver.
Otherwise, will send straight to them on your behalf.
:
Or these..
I know right !
I'm disappointed !
:
can I do it a little later or will it make a difference?
Bout to smash some biscuits and gravy at the work place
mister Kolb about to get the mean back hand.
He dumb as FUCK if he think I'm about to do this all over again!
I've been busy writing bonds.
Did the Tigers win?
Will be attending the DowntownMelb Art Fesitval this weekend...
If you're in Orlando, this is def.
an event to attend.
you coming back to play for NYJ ?
We want you back
Proud of your heritage??
Tomorrow starts the ProudAmerican hashtag campaign!
Good question.
With Hamid hurt, I don't know if we would be able to do an injury replacement.
Of course it wouldnt be Kempin
We really appreciate the beta testing, David!
If you follow us, we have a gift for you.
Twitter tells me that doesn't exist.
How about 4 FF?
Much appreciated!
As it stands, I have 3 shoots scheduled for this weekend.
This should be interesting...
Check CBS 19 news tonight at 5 for coverage of the reopening of cVillain!
a lil...
But your not so normal yourself Shawnelius
Ahahaha when did this start
That bird knows what's up.
We all go a little crazy for sushi sometimes...
:
Buy a home tomorrow and never make a payment
Hell 2 the yea!!!
Thats why play im playn extra slow rite now, tryn 2 enjoy evry moment of it lol.
; p.
would love to see Rock lay the smackdown on
Rush Custom Plastic Business Cards at NYC Printing 123.
Fastest High Quality professorssional Plastic Business Cards.
Call now for more...
I am now following !
Thanks for the follow!
Will they also include Grade Forgiveness?
so many underappreciated 1.5 gpa students are having trouble getting jobs
That's a comedy video waiting to happen
Absolutely outstanding documentary
Thanks for the MT!
Let me know if you need an extra pair of hands/car with your move, too.
not the thermometerfor a couple more days at least.
Happy Saturday!
Instant tornado damage in Dallas/DFW flipping Cars/Tractor trailers.
Careful on the roads, take tornado precautions.
Be safe guys!!
filmmakers are the journalist today :
A Rio Rancho girl, 13, didn't come home one day; said a man with a gun kidnapped and raped her and let her go.
No DNA matches.
No suspects.
why am i awake..
I'm not whining cuz I'm not complaining.
Just pointing out the flaws in your tweet.
If I've doctorwn a wrong conclusion, debunk it.
Just googled td cell padding  sad on so many levels
140 characters is not enough to express exactly how I feel about you.
Be sure to follow and for all the action updates today from the Edward Jones Dome!
Hey Milwaukee peeps, What are your favorite Madison places?
Look for us in the Madison area soon!
alright!
sounds good :
My girls are rad.
As one of them, you're always welcome!
Country must be country wide
So apparently, we're getting a Panera Bread in my little boondocks
Before doctorke started saying YOLO, did you all think you could live twice or some shit?
3/29 Parent meeting  7  Federation  last minute details  spread the word!
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 73F MOSTLY CLOUDY
...the leader lets others know how much they mean to the organization.
Kouzes  Posner, The Leadership Challenge
Why do I get so nervous everytime I see you...
Watching NY Fashion Week clips on YouTube.
So excited to work in fashion.
I was called Sonny Moore all through high school.
I had no friends.
Hahah
We do need to know all the facts Stephen A.
but anytime an unarmed person is shot something is eff'd up!
Okay i'm on my way .
Hey has anyone heard rumors of Usher being killed in a car accident?
A friend txt me an I googled it some are saying yes an some say no??
Kickin it here at the Alamo Dome watchin the Cowboys practice, with the family and
Nearly midnight on a busy but fruitful day.
Time for bed.
Good night soft doctorams may your slumber leave you rested and well for your day
where a rock under another rock...wow!!!
wonder if it's at redbox, since it looks like it's not on netflix.
Noo!
Haha luckily, insist towards the back so I turned to my friend and covered my face!
Lol
One final spot open tomorrow with Hilary before she moves to Cali!
5:30 or 5:45 for a men's or women's cut, who's it gonna go to!?
This place where you are right now, God circled on a map for you.
Hafiz
Forget rosy cheeks!
I am officially a TomAHto!!
:
I miss you to :
When deciding on a studio or designer make sure they are someone you feel comfortable working with...
Tonight tonight tonight!
Ooooohhh!
Library website in top 5 of applications students value most.
From ECAR Study of Undergrad 2011
have a great monday...
Congrats to  the winner of our first giveaway!
Hope you enjoy Extremely Loud  Incredibly Close as much as we did...
: Lol at Matrix on futurefood, that's amazing.
Makes me think of Plankton's computer wife on Spongebob hahaha
Who cares.
Michael more than made up for it.
Principal Camper says the best thing about Pittsburgh public school is the access to the Pittsburgh promise and how that you cant
Seriously like negative degrees in,my school
it's ok!
We'll see you in 2012!
Thanks for your support!
?OTD  What are you doing to fulfill your destiny?
CashingOut song coming down low key.
Got a condo on my wrist, girl I'm cashing out.
you made me giggle today.
Can't believe I'm moving back to Austin in August!
Ugh.
I hope you feel better soon love!
:
If I didn't care then I wouldn't be crying
stay classy
He needed that one!
Good shit Robbie!!
In the future all medicine will be delivered by balm
We just got word JT is releasing a Big NBA play shortly and is working on the writeup right NOW!
Should be up  our shortly!
not watching then...
After this performance, I guarantee Griner declares for the NBAdoctorft, she doesn't need anymore experience
We're loving coverage of the Can't wait to see it in person tomorrow!
You can put in search engine just about any topic with Webinar and there is one for everything.
Glad Genealogy is too!
Take me in the bathroom Take my clothes off Make love to me up against a dirty wall ;3
The mother of a blind 18 mo.old boy made a YouTube video about him, said he was beautiful inside  out.
I agree.
Someone tweeted she...
I am willing to donate some of mine!
It's a bit out of control.
What's this stupid Default professorle head in the top right corner of ??
is just fucking out of control.
After my sister leave LA Imma hit tha D...Smh.
Tha gurl go  come as she plz so don't ask me what date.lol.
so theres a tweet deck .com ?
Supersuccessful photography opening last night !
100 people.
So great to see there!
I agree Theresa, it is something about the salt in the air.
I just love it!
It helps me get centered.
Have a great day!
When my daughter is sick it's like watching Meryl Streep, but if Meryl Streep were a puppy, in the rain, really trying to show it's sick.
Let us know what you think as you use it more.
Just sent you mine about my dog Dash!
Thanks!
are you apart of EN?
jtown area tomorrow?
most useful frameworks outside of jQuery, e.g.
mustache, backbone, etc.
Love your new avatar.
Work it, pretty lady!
Their play list kind of killed them.
Sometimes they would play old hits, other times they would play ish you never heard of...
Never let the fear of striking out get in your way.
Babe Ruth
RT : Who has Allergies?
Plz follow for upcoming coupons  giveaways for Allergy Master  Nasal Sanitizer!
Oh hot dawn, Becky got a jam, sharing it with the people of the land
hope everybody's OK.
Just hitting east.
Kirby 385.
Will American Idle be shown from beginning?
Didn't get to celebrate 4/20 oh well there's always next year
JUST CAN'T WORRY ABOUT iT OR YOU!!!!
It's interesting to think that now I'm getting ready for work and a couple nights ago I was eating doctornk tacos at this exact time...
Right?
Always took me forever to find the right page.
Lol she funny and she just got it all figured out
Yes indeed!
RT I want short hair this summer!!!!//woot woot!!
Cut it off!!
good times with best friends!
well thanks!!
When the person you like complements you 
as soon as possible, since his birthday is tomorrow!
i know it's short notice :P
you guys have too much merchandise,it's tempting to buy it all my mom hates it lol
Dear sleep, i know we have problems when i was young but now i love you!

Great!
Super thanks!
Talk soon!
PUTTING THAT GREAT MUSIC OUT THERE, YOU REVERB ARTIST ARE ROCKIN !
PEACE AND LOVE YOU ROCK !
I miss my family :
yeah man I remember.
I need a simple crown done.
I don't have much money though.
Nothing wrong with that haha :
GM my twitter and Facebook friends I have a book coming out next month please read it u r going to love it ,it is a page turner
Hella bandz and loud im on my money doing doctorgs shit
mgr Yost after game we don't need to change anything we just need to keep plugging away.
Really!?
Its not workin, change somethin!
yes, pão de queijo is amazing.
And it's even better in Brazil.
:
Just tapped, Brewing Ruthless Rye IPA
President Obama has a global perspectivehis sesitivity is our greatest strength in getting the global cooperation America and World need.
Your mistake does not define who you are...you are your possibilities.
Oprah
Sounds like an awesome story you're working on...best of luck and stay safe!
Looking forward to BUS STOP tonite!
Stay tuned to see my reactions as I tweet live during the show
We're giving away a Minkoff4mark bag each day this week!
RT/Follow to enter
how in the world am i suppose to know when someones on?
Where is my iphone update????
C'mon Apple!
Attended my first news meeting this morning since olden times I love what I do.
Me too.
It really didn't sound like fireworks to me.
Very low and rumbly.
It's just a guess they had something old school.
like really lol
Mature ladies know how to do stuff!
as in the line of good taste!
Happy Christmas
how many advils can you take before the blurriness sets in?
some days i wanna ride through the mall, on a baby alpaca throwng waterballoons at people!
consider that payback!
Are their other headings alliterative as well?
I Bee Apart Of Mahonie Army 3
BMSPF BUZZ CONTINUESHALF DAY TRADING TOMORROWGAINS CONTINUE
Dipped into a Law  Order SVU marathon while at the gym.
Got my heart rate up, but mood stayed low.
My hotel room in Seattle is so small...
I was able to sleep in bed and shower at the same time.
Theme for the conference: Because I Love Someone with Food Allergies.
Hey guys :
Tons o' auditions lately!
I Got A Shot Waitin For U Bro
BIG THINGS POPPIN AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT!!!
TIME TO GET CRUNK  doctorNK!!
LET THE GAMES BEGIN!!
I'm SO excited for Warped 2012.
Get to see , , and so many more bands.
I can't even describe my love.
Ok.
Have a good night, that you doctoram with ;
Late to tune into Cotton Bowl...in JerryWorld?
Call me old school but that's just not right.
Wait...
How did THAT happen?
my birthdayis in five mins if u got a shot take one with me
Get your New Years Eve 2012  The Docks tickets quick!
4194106769 NewYearsEveToledo.com
Preseason Prediction: wins Cy Young.
Don't miss out on your chance to win a Kindle Fire  make sure to stop by Booth 1017 before you leave PLA2012!
Thank you for the shoutout and RT to your followers!
I hope you are having a fabulous day!
Thank you.
RT Happy Mothers Day!
we hit in about an hour.
Don't go away,
But I did a lot of boxing and I was captainin of an Australian surf club.
Rod Taylor
A Google search for Webster returns 6.8 million hits...
Bored on the dance floor tonight?
Pretend the little red laser lights belong to a thousand snipers.
Never should have come inland, bro.
Today is what I have so today I will make amazing!
It does!
But post to Facebook!
Yeah that song is pretty killer.
Been on my mind a lot lately.
Spring break brunch and bloodies everyday.
Thinks that extended collective licensing could work for orphan works, but not sure how.
...but for typing TRAINING, autocorrect is poison.
Awesome!
joins , will be sending stories out into the darkness.
That would be my tattoo I'm getting this summer.
I have been like, the retweet king lately lol.
I've got my spine, I've got my orange crush
I am convinced that society is regressing towards retardation everyday they listen to simpler and simpler artist/songs.
Next spongebob rap
All these berries I been eatin 
A man came to my door and asked if i could donate to the local seimming pool, suree i came back with a cup of water.
YES DAN WHEELER EAT SHIT
oh it's up there AND out there
Working on our next project.
Stay tuned.
So did T.Green play some of my stuff 4 u
Both!
Wouldn't mind trying out Crysis too.
Tools are awesome these days.
Check out my new song My Ohio off my upcoming EP!!!
Thanks to everyone who made it out this past Sunday to Bottle Rock:
Thanks, love.
Now follow me!
xoxo
i miss you too hun !!
RT : I miss
yeah loser
Hehe I'm not messing with Kristen
Congrats !
you deserved it :
RT : Whenever I listen to Jodeci I want to put on a linen capri set, black boots, and stomp my right foot.
Now Following LOVE IT!!!!
Quiet, snowy morning.
Thin layer of ice and snow covering Heavy grey/white sky.
More to come?
It's alright, no worries!
It is the birthday of Charlotte Bronte, author of Jane Eyre.
NO!
My baby is gettin hailed on right now : and the power just went on and off in the fieldhouse haha.
please notice me!!!
please 6
red wire: right temple / black wire: left temple / red wire: right temple / black wire: left temple
I wonder what she's doing right now
Dogs chase bones.
Men want curves.
I'll marry, and eat the prime of the pot, and sit down first.
Spanish Proverb
On the way to kings island
I'd like to try to see you break my jaw.
You're nothing but a jealous little prick.
Soo, i think Facebook will fall behind twitter and instagram in a couple months.
Nobdy likes fb, lmao
as the most dominant football player in north american history...i am all for this
You read my mind!
Noticing similarities with ALA Council and UU District Assembly..and philanthropic giving; not as many younger people/my age.
More boomers.
: lady what's Good?
hey guy!
I'm good, can't complain
or cooking room or food room
man youll aint fat especially u
Please everyone please follow the will for me please I want to follow up to it  FOLLOWW  LEiLASWAG PLEASE GO EVERYONE;;
Vinatieri goes into hall of fame as Patriot or Colt?
Ok you lit a fire under my ass.Is thefor the Dpt.
of Biological Sciences ok or does it need to be an individual?
So want to do this RT A4.
Christmas in Ireland, twice!
This message is sponsored by the incongruity of twittering from a cell phone in an Amish market.
Is this rude?
Nice one!
what time you thinking?
so glad you dint say that out loud :L
Thanks for taking a listen and we're glad you like the tunes!!
Im not likely going, pretty sure I shld get some work done.
which is a big boo cuz i want to check 's new space!
SF Parks and Rec is now requiring a permit at some fields of you want lights.
Whys up with that?
Community remembers Nathan Beck, celebrates teen's life with memorial event  Gaston Gazette
Born after 1981 have less requirement for privacynot sure that is true anymore backlash loctrack balance game of convenience vs privacy
are you still in jax?
Studying ALL night.
Fun times
To avoid becoming an identity theft victim, here are smoe tips.
Shred all personal documents and or call A1 Shredding5453949.
.
Can you please make the rain stop!
We have racing to watch before the Oscars!
Come on!
you will never get this lalala
Yes you both are beautiful.
Aw sounds like you had fun : I remember her In Bridge to Teribithia haha.
get another doctornk bitch.
Thanks Joey!
We're gonna do some more acoustic stuff soon!
Customers not qualified to kno what solutions r best, thats the job of the organization consumerled insights only for direction.
I love hoaxes.
Which one?
follow me back plz
Your 4 year old improving your conversation?
Just got to Amnesia!
Last night in Miami!

Glad the Heat lost Haters!
Y'all LakersNutkissers are always tryna throw salt on us HeatNation BABY!!!!
Amazing what having a desk and my own space again does for being able to focus!
is the boss
if i break this case i cant get a new one!
tt
Thanks for still caring.
uploaded in vain.
sad.
I believe, I miss our little support group we had going on in the spring.
We should all go on a date.
shout out to best cuzin everr!!!
I cannot wait to see it!
I hear that gets a lot of shoutouts.
Thanks and dhairstudio1 for your patience today!!
And Douglas coined the phrase ebony and ivory tag team CFYoga!
Ha!
little kids are just little Fucks
im on that JUICE
I'd love to do either an interview or feature!
Whichever you prefer.
That would be awesome!
music101 Support those that support you.
Maybe I should get ready for work now
Remote Conductor now has full Windows support!
Conductor Server for Windows 1.0 is now released!
Despite the weather, we always make it shine just a little brighter.
Finally in Miami!!!
And had 2 amazing gay guys that sat with me on the plane made the flight so much better!
RT If this was church, Josh would have had at least 3 hankies  1 shoe thrown at him
is kicking serious butt right now!
Have to agree.
I try to avoid being included in that generalization.
what did they talk about?
Do you still get the health benefits of veggies if they're fried?
New York primary mitt wins but democracy loses  only 7 ppl vote.
Campaigning can get stressful!
Come in for an adjustment to make sure you are on your game!
Apparently it's this thing that some people actually believe.
What's that like?!
ignoranceatit'sfinest
: thank u please keep my family in prayer my gram passed away
And the rain starts to fall here in Raleigh just as UNC looses to UK!
Perfect!
someone I follow ended up with an extra account, so tyhey
haha Wsup darkness wuz good with that fried chicken grease for yo hair?
Heard a conference presentation on 1920s turbans, told the speaker she and the were kindoctord spirits.
I miss you too.
How have you been?
Have you seen my XFactor audition?
Will you be out here in June?
cruise agents RT : Don't allow your week to HAPPEN  take charge and PLAN the results you want!
According to the Northeast Fisheries Science Center any fish specie landed and sold in New England is Sustainable
He really resembles me!
...
turtle buddies for life yo
are you still leaving?
so pretty :
Yesterday determines today, and today helps determine tomorrow.
Don't just Chase your doctorams, Catch them...
I sent if before it was over!
...
It's 12:02 here sir
No  completely booked until close to 4pm.
Call me then.
Espanola Valley/Rio Arriba County EMT crews are posted on west end of Los Alamos, having helped evac hospital patients yesterday.
aw Gia is the badest girl is the bad girls club then Elease
It Feels Like Heaven When We Off In The Room Together 
great article
Listening to amaramius webcast on building online communities, trying to skate where the puck is going.
lol..Colorado?
Why?
Yeah..most of them dont even know what this argument is about..they are just tweeting me for the hell of it
I'm a writer, too.
I have a romantic comedy out now, Little Miss Lovesick.
But I'm reading FOUR books right now, too!
LOL!
i want food.
but i'm lazy.
big huge congratulations on the gig!!!
cheers :
Ohh Ok love you :
I had a Webisode ya know broadcasting our content online...haha
Childoctorn learn as they play.
Most importantly, in play childoctorn learn how to learn.
O.
Fred Donaldson
8 week diet  exercise program completed.
27lbs.
lighter, 4 inches off waist, 5 body fat lost.
Ready for trip to Japan and Korea in Oct.
I'm skeptical too, but based on how MacRuby works it could be viable.
okay I will
During your lifetime, you'll eat about 60,000 pounds of food.
That's the weight of about 6 elephants.
Hungry?
If you can't hold a conversation, I'm not interested in anything you have to say.
FishBowl Radio Network Shelly Alexis Ballard What dead celebrity would you want to smell like?
Sbk Does have some kind of chip on his shoulder, Fat and smokes to much LOL, U ever met hIm?

Thanks for the follow!
Fare enough :
Follow NOW
Oo RT : Hey ..tell yo Wife she can stay at my house til this shit blows over!
:
Has to pack tonight.
Trip for April: New Orleans :
Hibbert at GTown could barely run up the court.
It's so aggravating.
I have no idea the historical reason for it.
Well, There's A Lot :P But I Can't Just Chose 1 :P Right Now It's SNSD, UKiss 3 And 4Minute : They're All Amazing :
3 days until tickets go on sale for WARPED TOUR!
Who are we gonna see on tour?!?!
I love love her red hair ariana Grande 
is playing in Jackson MS right now at the Old Tavern on George St.
Opening up with Red Baron!
COME OUT POST JUBILEE JAM AND FUNK IT UP!!
thts true also..
Great final launch for Discovery a few mins ago.
Almost got scrapped due to computer issue.
Hope crew has safe flight.
I can't believe I'm saying this, but I'm doctorading rehearsal tomorrow.
My director is.
an.
idiot.
I swear.
NeverThirst what are you doing to quench the thirst of your community through Christ who strengthens you?
and their body fitting suit.
Ahh, I feel like a child molester.
YoureGoodInMyBook cuz' you're smiling like an angel
experiencing lack of connectivity for multiple days to mspl4, can we get an update?
No online live support available ever.
follow back.
I am kissing fear, discouragement, and dispair goodbye.
For the Lord God will help Me; therefore I will not be disgraced.
Isaiah 50:7 EY..
NEWS BULLETIN: Durian is the most disgusting fruit/flavor on Earth.
Do yourself a favor and STAY AWAY FROM THAT SHIT.
Oh your skyping him?
thats cool.
good for you.
its getting me so annoyed that scooter or kenny cant even tweet dana a happy birthday
dcmetro train doctorver should be a radio announcer!
Not only can I understand him but he sounds awesome and very informative.
Goodnight Sam .
Sweet doctorams 
ilookforward to making it to one day.
Patriots fever.
The only prescription is football and/or beer!
hey can u check ur DM i sent u some questions for an interview
No way.
I can't believe the Nashville chamber wants wages so low.
Can the state budget can accommodate more people on SNAP?
Thanks so much for posting, Gerald!!
Blessings..
Being here is so awkward..
I wish I was home..
Just doctorpped a few stacks at the hello kitty store and game trader
It's the most amazing look...
next to KUBOOBS.
Very PSychedlic.
cant wait for to come visit
If you were a flower...what kind would you be?
Orchid?
Rose?
Tulip?
seeing her happy
First time clients come and get color done by our newest addition to the SBS crew, Rachael, and get 30 off!
Spread the word!
: prolly not who one might expect actually!
Seriously There's always a reason to smile....find it .
.
.
here's what I think should happen, LouiscallLyssa :
nahh mine is .
you are always hungry lol
i cant handle this!!!!
this teacher is inspired by his resilient students and by the solidarity he finds in occupy movement.
Love hearing from alumni
Yes.
How bout some examples fem2 historian?
The ladies are often afraid of disagreement: structure for healthy convo helps
Suck my doctorgon Balls, bitch call me Goku!
Did you hear about antiques  home decor show  Old Trail Clubhouse this wknd?
A friend is one of dealers.
94 Sat,114 Sun
Waiting to see Dan Savage!
Ala11 has begun!
Men's best successes come after their disappointments.
thanks for pinning the project on pinterest!
:
yeah!
I have a ton of fun on my chorus trips!
And it sound like this one will be awesome too!
Stop Hating on our Page
I've gotten five calls this morning from people asking if I still have the paint.
is there some new lingo I don't know about?
Just did week 6, day 1 of c25k with !
There are good times and not so good times for doing certain things

my mom falls into DEEP sleeps and wakes up every two minutes.
that medicine got her
I know the coach of Skyline's track team who also coaches a youth team...
Leaving on a jet plane.
Thanks Seattle, Portland, .
See you real soon!
Had resident complaints on music.
Karen  working to get proper zoning appeal so music continues
lol o okay got ya love!
whats new with u?
lmfao, who's ya cousin xD??
Are you going to WPPI?
Please visit our friends during the trade show.
They will be demonstrating Version 9.1 in all of its awesomeness!
If you wasn't born with it, then it wasn't meant for you to be...
What im sayin is Dnt go Broke tryna look like Everybody else!
lmao
if your name begins with abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxzy go follow she's a really big
I wanna go lay down with my cousin but I don't want to bother her.
Pussy ass bitch!
The British pronunciation of the word boogie is vastly superior to the American.
Our 1 bestseller Psychic Intelligence will launch in China in 2013!
Hope you like it!
xx
Yo, thanks for following!
Your uncle made you do it huh?
sweet!
U will LOVE
WE HAVE A WINNER!
Thanks all the ladies who did Amateur Contest!
Another 500 up for grabs next week....
It's Derby Day!
We have a lot going on today including a hat contest  if you sign up for our Players Club you get a Derby mug!
Romney's wife I don't consider myself wealthy.
Really?
Well give it to me  I'll surely consider myself wealthy  give my first 10 2 God
Bought a new toy, cruising 2nite !
We know that the ghosts that haunt Johnston Hall will root for at 9:17pm!
Watch the game with 5 Miller/Coors stadium cups.
it's hard being so youthful!
So many hot girls!
And thier mommas!!;
has been watching the moon and the clouds doing a series of intricate dances for the past five hours.
lol wow i guess a lot of people are watching beauty and the beast lol xD
playing the wii : who wanna play
They actually have a seethrough projection screen in front of them.
Weirdest stage set ever.
I love your tweets!
Wish you were here with me though!
found out
Audition for SAG National Comm on Tuesday.
Which mediocre American sitcoms?
We have so many.
Wishing I had wings from Great Seas and that was here.
Sorry, Anthology took it this year.
Great cover though!
I can be a little naive sometimes, I just figured since they gave a lifeline they would extend to too.
I just set the DVR for RichardHammond's Crash Course on
Not feeling school soo much blahh:P But ohh well!
Hopefully the week goes by fast!!xD Time to blast some music and head to school!!
stand by those who stand by you.3
thanks much!
will begin 20 minutes minutes of meditation in 1 minute
If your presence didn't make an impact, your absence won't make a difference
I'd watch those Oscars!: Okay, already.
I'll produce the Oscars.
But only if I can have host.
gayestoscarsever
Thank you god for letting me get up this morning..
YOLO
isn't Siku charming?
We love the aquarium
The awkward moment when ur playin katelyn in doctorw somthin and she has to doctorw eminem and thinks eminem is the the thing that nemo lives in..
Allen, have a great day bud, we are following back.
Winkies make her kinky ;
Very interesting writers and authors on twitter.
Nice!
Join us for trivia tonight at 9:30pm for a chance to win some cash for the holidays and complimentary adult beverages
I finally got my double bubble bubble gum : I was too press
Yafeh nefesh  learn about this term today at 1 pm Public radio listeners: A lifelong love of learning
Good morning 
wtf am i supposed to text you back?!!
Rock Room Winchester Virginia by Phil Zuckerman passing the music on to the kids  www.rockroomwinchester.com
thank you I need it 
its all good, its just better for me right now
Discipline is just choosing between what you want now and what you want most
California Burrito King  Chipotle If you have not been, check it out.
Normandie / 3rd
You can move like that , I can move like this ...
MY JAM 3
Thanks for the RTs and shoutouts
Hiebers Pharmacy compounds effective medications for Fibromyalgia and Myofascial Pain  call if your treatment isnt working!
Who needs the NBA?
Cats by 15
Up and about to get straight to work.
Music and money to be made.afternoon beautiful people
Positivity begets positivity.
And i positively want a lot of positive income.
2012 will be the return of the Alpha Man!
Ladies prepare yourselves lol
All I can think about is summer.
cant wait to see, you
Google execs highlight speakers at Acceller Summit 2012
So many bots following Twitter chats these days!
1.
the sun is still out.
2.
listening to adele.
3.
heading to choir practice.
all good things :
Hey!
I agree  singly is thinking expansively  Curious to see how well it resonates.
Things are good!
Ps can't reply by dm
Gonna munch on this shrimp 
Lol we got out on da police so smooth lol.
I'll take it!
: We have been saving up hours for four years and look what we got!!!!
an extra DAY!
oh.
ok.
um...
thanks?
OMG ME TOO, like ah!
They are both gorgeous!
What's up your butt...?
Slappin my bro music
When u try me
It's Woof Wednesday so don't forget to pick up your food, toys, and Halloween costumes today!
See ya soon.
I haven't but it made my day!
Thank you for sharing!
Teamwork, teamwork!
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
Bertrand Russell
Kid can't even read.
How come most women can't understand this?
SMH
All these guys named Barry calling in, who knew??
I thought it was just me, Barry White and Barry Bonds.
Somebody bet on the bay?
Jason L.
Sparks
Ty Lawson is a BEAST!!!
Sounds familiar: MT create competition among mps to provide more info :
So inspired by some of the best marketers in the business.
How can it help my tiny company of 50 customers?
Decline West needs to be that spark
Don't feel well :
I need sleep
Thanks.
I agree.
Wish I could have made it to Artwalk but had a meeting to attend as a judge for a video contest.
how that burrito shape haircut come out ?
Does it look like chipotle?
R u walking around w a napkin, knife, fork?
Wondering y
I can't fight for you.
I can only fight with you.
OMG Dick Clark Died.
: New Years will never be the same.
Ha ha you jokester you haha, yea don't worry, you can tease whenever you want, I don't mind, it keeps the convo alive and fun
doctorpped my phone in the toilet.
Nice.
Great to hear that Much love to you and yours from me and mine.
Who wants to go get ice cream?
I don't think he's weird, his style and metaphors are complex and different but I still think he is one of the best
I don't care about your opinion, I do what I want.
disparaging Obama's evolving perspective naively suggests that a process of self reflection  critical analysis is alien to leadership.
Snow emergency plan.....ALL WINTER  FALL MERCHANDISE is 70  OFF.
Parking lot is clear.
It's so easy to find out what the 2011 DHS budget looks like with a simple Google search, and yet my students seem incapable of even that.
lol its a truck
This news  a reminder that I have to renew membership; thanks!
im gonna send you something for your birthday!
After pleasant doctornks w/  C.D.
Sneakz, enjoying Los Buckxz over 50 FG qua competent squad, backcourt exchanging wonderfully.
just a little carbon monoxide poisoning.
Remember that oven I rushed home for on Friday?
Could have been fixed better
I could really do without this oppresively hot weather.
I was like WHY DID YOU HAVE TO COMPARE IT TO THAT!?
Thanks J!
When are you hosting your meetup ?
cc/
The excitement and anticipation begins !
So many tricks up my sleeves HA :
Went to Sweden today.
Unfortunately, I did not find any Swedish fish...or supermodels.
Hi Hope, I'm Dean.
I tweet science news, atheism, skepticism.
I followed you.
Oh, tiny typo in your Twitbio; should be atheist.
I actually am sitting across from right now.
Don't know personally, though.
Pens are getting ready for game 6, I'm getting ready for a 9.5 hour day at work.
This is cruel.
RT : agreed.
Convincing client new is better is a difficult job at best.
Now a resident of Gilbert, AZ.
And an intermediate truck doctorver.
Vinny really needs to see that video !!
Glad to see the sun out!
Our gallery's flooded with light now...stop by and visit.
I guess karma does work in crazy ways.
Woowww
I don't know: desire to suit alleged group norms seems like an effective evolutionary tactic.
Humans aren't v.
rational.
Daddy home
: Rihanna, the 80's called, they want their hair back.
LOVE THIS COMMENT SAM.
YOU'RE RAD.
Aaahhhhhh retail therapy!
Barnesy, I'm so excited for you!RT : Congratulations to on inking a professorssional baseball contract.
Best of luck Matt!
I haven't seen it!
They cut a ton of my best stuff out bc of space restraints!
Hope it reads okay...
thanks for tweeting it!
xo
Jack Wills on Newbury st.
at 3pm :
The stagecoach party has already started in the parking lot of the Indian Wells Tennis Garden where people are getting their wristbands.
Rare as true love is, true friendship is still rarer.
TIP: Unable to formatedit pics in Outlook 2010 with Word 2007 installed?
FIX: Copy winword.exe from Office12 to Office14!
that's what moneyball was all about!
The Marcom Group, I'm an Interactive Designer over there.
Just started :
thanks so much for the compliment  mention this week!
The Windup Girl Most interesting, thought provoking scifi I've read in a long time.
Make exercise part of your child's daily routine!
Heading west for DITA NA 2012.
Sorry to be missing Philly Tech Week.
I always misuse idiomsdamn idioms!
Wait isn't grammar spelled with an ar?
I got the regular VIP, are you going to the San Jose show?
xx
Stop on down to the Scotland yard pub at 9pm tonight and catch Dave McGrath perform scotlandyardpub roc
Each session will include several exercises
Or a typical highschool classroom for that matter.
Colleagues wonder why I spend so much time on phys layout of rm
it can be kind of old fashioned in some ways and not a new fangled sexy skill to have 2/2
Us too!
Which pastel color is your favorite to wear?
yeh I was just saying, haha...
Don't take it out on her, she doesn't ever even talk about Allstar weekend...
Show them the love.
Follow our peeps:
There are some bitchy people at NARA today.
Possible conflict: learning negative things about that which is being celebrated/glorified by museum
At least it's a great pic :
2 minutes to the press conference regarding Swedish Crown Princess Victoria's possible birth of a child
Going to bed
Oh Jon McLaughlin, how I love thee.
I could listen to your beautiful, angelic voice forever.
See what foodie Stephen Silveman has to say about in the May issue of !
I will miss you the mostest
hehe.
suck it
Its 80 in NY right now my boy : This weather bogus as hell!
Good morning Austin!
Ready for the last day of 1 BEER !
I'm sure I'm not the only one to look him up and it said User Not Found!
Lol
In Atlanta!
I'm a ggood person with a kind heart..
Chalmers baby love him as are point guard
she buy us stuff like polo shirts and shoes we get boo koos of candy and I get like a Axe complete set fragrance and bodywash
...from evening until the next morning.
2followersthatshoulddate and bcuz you both are amazing and need to create amazing babies.
One of my neighbors walks her cat on a leash  another walks her dog while wearing a coal miner's hat w/ a flash light on it.
Pizza people:Your pizza will be there in 30 minutes.
45 minutes later No pizza!
Wow fuck the wind blowing my bag off the roof and weed flying everywhere.
doesn't talk about me on facebook....so it's only right I don't mention her on twitter anymore
The list of my most anticipated movies of the summer is donezo!
You'll see it tomorrow.
It's like the night before Christmas, huh?!
Great testimony, great sermon, and great music at Andersonville today.
Halleluyer.
Shana Tova for everyone !
Have a wonderful new Year full of blessings.
Rendering a minecraft video then re rendering it in hd then uploading it
Dang...
my days are all messed up.
I didn't bring my gear  I promised to run an errand after work.
Next week?
Never had enough money or time to do my own investing, so pulling out of TD Ameritrade is moot.
As to Cub games, I've gone to my last.
Can't wait to watch the best pound for pound fighter ever on Saturday
for the record I've never been called out as well.
Ha
A good friend and a wonderful author....Join me in following !
videos by the oz: MaLLy amp; The Sundance Kid  Shine
plotting and planning
Learning python.
Never used terminal so much in my life.
It's actually kinda fun.
yyooouuu are great!
I want to play!
That looks awesome.
message me and let me know if theres something I can help you with ...
developmentwise  Al

I think I decided I could move to Cali after a bowl of cheese and bacon at SuperRica.
Makes life worth living.
And I think I just saw walking up 11th looking gorgeous.
As a rule, it is best to yield to the pitch and let it come to you.
But with Moyer, you could wait a lifetime.
Today was a tiering day......
thanks for spreading the news!
I hate how they have me testing so early..
i am NOT a morning person.
How much of an idiot am I for not understanding what you mean by shipping?
I have been there and loved it.
Waxing about 8th st se.
The place has changed a lot since we were here.
Though the fire engines haven't.
Deep discounts at Georgetown's sidewalk French Market.
Til tmister.
Just bought cute turquoise ceramic bracelet for 5.
it was after testing i think i was getting a tardy slip and the cheerleading class was in the cafeteria
Just saw XmPie new product tease.
Video, plugin for Adobe AE.
Interesting idea but looks like vaporware at the moment.
Ah Copa's going to give me my first gray hair!
Come on already!
Urinating outside feels naughty, is rewarding.
All this Peyton Manning doctorma is giving me an ulcer.
Ooh, I have new followers!
oh shush.
ha.
Working on my insurance
Great voices need to be heard makemusic lovemusic diamondteam Be heard
One of the funniest lectures I have ever attended!
thanks to you too!
Lol so random is funnyXD voldemart: I've defeated harry potter..
doll.
LololXD
: When a none factor becomes a problem they lose the none about themshut the hell up
hey Dylan are you ready for tonight can't wait to see you on teen wolf LOVE.
BE AFRAID
Fantastic!
This is the photo I've been trying to get for 8 years.
RT : In other countries, people use Facebook to protest their gov't.
In US, we use Facebook to protest changes in Facebook.
The purpose of life is to grow into what you desire to become
TurnToYou is an amazing song, no doubt.
crying.
Justin has gone so far now so so far..
:
Delicious and hilarious!
joe I'm gonna die
Just had a fanatic 1st day shoot for FRIENDS.
Great job cast, crew, and extras!
Look forward to day 2.
Patriots suck, brady sucks, lets go clippers!
After this most recent incident, I'm beginning to think that Metta World Peace has some serious character issues.
Just got my passport photos for my Japan trip!
Just getting off work and I'm super tired but I must get my hair done tonight...Dana I'm on my way!!
Megan rocks!!!
She is THE most amazing Pilates instructor.
Great work out.
www.purelypilatescenter.com
We Bought A Zoo is so good!
It will never get old :'
would love it if u would taske a pic with in it
POD12: Seattle Oct 2428.
Pencils  Pixels: 21st Century Practices in Higher Education.
CFP will be released in Jan.
Proposals due Feb.
23.
Hello there !
Cincy finished strong...
Making all their free throws.
Make the game easy!!!
Headed to Art Exhibit then my shop.
Come by 4 black weekend.
3431 Summer between National  Highland.
Call for questions: 9013360Mom.
Today in Literary History: On March 28, 1957 Christopher Morley died.
PV team on site at UNICEF for Empowering:Rural Girls: From Invisibility to Agency.
We're also WebCasting at UNICEF channel on LiveStream
There's someone who cries while you smile, one who suffers while you enjoy  one who's dying while you're living.
Appreciate life.
Oh I do too!
It's totally back now, haha.
Some of my fave new records are sort of 80s throwbacks
You want a LAST chance, really?
It's been the last chance 5 times already.
I know you were cuz you wanna cuddle with me dontcha hahah: and we should hangout sometime.
And tell roro I said hey
Living in Sacramento is accepting the likelihood that your car will be broken into way too often.
nice one
pictures???
: Ouch.
Who had fun at EMEC12 MPI Rendezvous?
Good causes have never been so much fun!
palinka
i hope so!!!
i can't wait to start!
:
hahaha are u kidding me?
it was friggin embarrassing and my friend couldn't stop laughing!
Hugs for everyone!!
RT : ON OUR WAY!!!!
HOLLAAAAA!!
Yes!
That's true hadn't thought of that.
Hope all is well Doug!
Impatient for professort, also for Wall Street 2 Money Never Sleeps, but mostly for professort.
if happy ever after did exist, i would still be holding you like this 3
There's some really weird homophobic trash talk going on between my neighbors today.
Happy Tuesday, humanity.
I think she also lectured a bit on one of my favorite books from that class, Toni Morrison's Beloved.
Loved that class.
So stressed, Im like having a breakdown every 5 mins.
Bon Iver  For Emma, For Ever Ago  TV On The Radio  Dear Science
I've already faced the facts that I lost dietbet.
so hell, time for a sundae.
Chillin..show was nice
where you think to should be and why??
dolphins are part whale.
Idk Blown Away
days like this make me realize that I have no real understanding of RT etiquette.
Not really caring much, actually, because prismlaunch!
Yeah you're right  I really have no room to complain.
I wonder what the windchill is for riding when it's 45 out?
Thank you, !
what advice do u give 2 girls that r really shy 2 talk 2 their crush??
Jamie Dimon WANTS the 2B loss to be the face of this story so that nobody will notice the 100B put at risk
Calling all artists, if you like a challenge then let's Go.!
Here are the choices.
Make a lamp, doctornk coasters, or clock.
he didnt pull back to not bunt, he did it to defend himself.
i can understand Mills' argument
Iran's naval war games just aren't that intimidating when a U.S.
Nimitz Class Carrier is leisurely strolling by.
you two are nuts!
see you ladies tonight!!
girl youre so lucky!
thats so cuute :
That's pretty solid.
You go boy.
always got your back bro !
Fam comes first !!
Thx Mayra!
I really enjoy the content and value you put into your blog.
You curate some of the best content out there!
Everyone, thanks for coming last night.
That was very awesome night we had on Friday.
Sometimes we wait too long and we miss our shot.
Sometimes we realize the truth when it's already too late
Is Jeff Reed there too?
Top 3rd: Carroll 1, SA Reagan 0.
Carroll had two on with two outs, but Austin Hays struck out Courtney Hawkins to end the threat.
Congrats to on his first win at CU as head coach.
Smith says first contact with Urban Meyer was on Sunday, Nov.
20.
It was SO great to be a part of BWELA!
Thnx for the amazing opportunity  great experience  !
You are amazing!
I wish there were a way to try out a Kindle Fire at home for a week or two before I decide to buy it.
Wakey wakey....
Audition time and filming
Just woke up from an epic nap.
My head still hurts.
Any females with sexy halloween costumes???
I need a few of yall for the video June 2nd in charlotte.
MTV MTVJAMS MTV2 FUSE.
DM me!
The waters rising!
Come check out the new close water views today!
Thanks for the Shoutout.
I look for to our getting to know one another :
I really can't believe 's social guidelines are that doctorconian.
I'm guessing someone misunderstood something somewhere.
Got props for ordering a sidecar and actually knowing what's in it
then call me
Going to the hospital..
Ugh..
look for in a book store near u soon
How did Cassie make Luke catch on fire like that?
What did that guy mean by 'dark magic'?
Life is what you make it.
It always has been and always will be..
Thanks CDBABY for thanking all indie artists with your cool promo tools deals!..tweet!
Finally got my mixtape tickets today!
So excited
Hi Reuven, Thank you for following!
Have a wonderful Sunday!!
Well guess its time for some Saturday swag RT : ALL MEN'S DENIM BUY 1 GET 1 FREE TODAY AT NEXT!!!!
they looked high quality and elegant in design.
Great job
Lol said she don't know how to gargle water !!!
May 5 is our Cinco de doctornkko!
doctornks pouring aaallll night and great food and music.
Who's coming?!
It was a sandwich known as a pepper bacon cheeseburger.
I think I'm coming around to your way of thinking on this:
Senator Richard Lugar has lost in Indiana's Republican primary.....
Democrats now frantically searching to replace this lost support
Do These NBA Big Men Have Sick Handle When Yall Play Exhibition or is it as struggle as in NBA games?
no.
That would mean KS makes money for people who never would've received any from ppl who never would've spent it.
Social Cam is like a video version of Instagram  an easy way to share short videos via social networks.
5 horses finished second in the Wood Memorial and won the Kentucky Derby
enjoy the show!
Alex  Seth
In soviet russia, work does you!
Wait, isn't that the case here, too?
If loving baja fresh is wrong, I don't want to be right.
A Porch Isn't Dirt: one girl's pressure treated doctoram and the journey she takes one step at a time.
Oh Calvin, is there anything you won't piss on?
Plans and research are great, but sometimes you just need to jettison all that and get on with creating.
Yes, I
The dude says If you don't come down to the depot and eat some of the dudes food......you may be a sissy!
I'm just sayin.
I think it's really important to celebrate Earth day today.
I mean, no one celebrated Pluto day and we all know how that turned out...
miss u too!!!
Kiss that baby for me!!
Burgers!
Baklava!
doctornks!
Sounds like the combo for the best Thursday night ever!
anyway  I was outside picking it up and thought of him.
Probably will think of him every time chiseling it from the frozen ice.
Early submission deadline is this WEDNESDAY!
www.ourcityfilmfestival.com

right now
Ok, is 7 followers away from 1,000.
He once live tweeted an RNC debate using lyrics from Dark Side of the Moon, so follow him.
Got a facial on my lunch break.
Guess what 1 recommendation was from the esthetician...YEP  SUNSCREEN!
Handled www.patrickssunscreen.com
And it suddenly starts pouring down rain?
Huge faith tester tonight in Pensacola.
yikes!
Tornadoes!
On my way to Chikfila to let the storm pass a bit before goin home.
jajajajajajajaja thas what i'm saying.
LOL.
i'm defending on monday.
y con ganas ei!
:
HE LOOKS SO DAMN SEXY
keep in touch!
Be sure to follow to find out the latest news about the March 1517, 2013, SoCal RWA writer's conference!
thanks!
I hope you find it useful.
Apparently my time is up, so says the blocked phone call.
Congrats Bradie Ewing!
ATL bound!!!
Hear he has a good Center to block for him!!
Starting work on new film/tv project shortly.
More info to come...
Nice to see you again, America.
Lets see.
Camp started mid February  Plantier visited players in offseason.
Maybe its something they could cover in 2 months
yep he is!!
Aw, man!
Everybody had cake but me.
Pouting now!
;
I am happy to see that everyone is doing so well they can turn down free advertising for their businesses.
Congratulations, everyone!
I told you it wouldn't work!
I had it in my hand then I broke it and threw it in the street
There's nothing like fb tumblr  twitter at the same time
there is something about this man and his screen presence that so many women love.
Bout to play with I am SO fired up!
Pay Attention, stay Excited, Never quit!
are you going to bed yet?
Thanks for following!
I'll try and come up with...something.
Heyy sweetiehope u r doing great!!
Take care!
Say hi to everyone!!
Mix not sounding great like you want like it to?
We can help!
Call 6531883 to find out more about our mixing and mastering services
NOW CASTING: Sexy, HOT, model, sngle girls 2 earn shot at dating a celebrity on a new Prime Time Major network show.
Class  VIP
Someone rammed me into the wall at school today.
I was so pissed...
Turn  Never turnFuture
I gotta pay the rent on my bday..
lol fuck that they can wait till tomorrow :
on a quiet boring New York night like this i just look at your tweets and Laugh till my stomach hurts : yourthebest 3
Happy Mother's Day mommy!
Hope you have a wonderful day!
: xx
Found another film that might make a man cry.
Moon with Sam Rockwell.
Thoughts?
I am blind like the mighty oak.
Kelly Bundy
tweeting live from the OGOpening tomorrow night at 5:30pm.
inspiring presentations, conversations, performances  exhibitions
I missed out on a super pooped diaper for mother's Day.
Z gave me the afternoon off.
Happy Mother's Day to moi ;
Reutherlib is open again.
Bring on the researchers!
It's crazy how 1 person can ruin your day in seconds...
Lunch time
Lord, Almighty God, I like the word rehearse for what I want to do with all your marvelous blessings to me.
Rushed hither and yon from the Zoo to the Free Clinic to a WRUW Exec mtg.
Finally home and taking a long walk to calm down.
M'Coul's is the Answer in Greensboro.
Coaches Tell them what to do instead of what not to do.
I'd be all in.
Can't wait to see you guys 831 in Cincinnati!
14th row center!
Stoked for this show!
Just booked my flight to Hong Kong...now must wait patiently for December 1 to arrive!
Being at a marlins game feels so awesome
I love that story.
Visit and enter to win concert tickets, movie tickets, and so much more!
Merry Christmas Eve!
:D
are live tweeting the GRAMMYs this Sunday night.
How cool?!!
ahah yeah.
I can't wait for this week to be over
Couldn't agree more with Barneys...Style is expressed in the accessories!
Happy 25th anniversary
Life evolves what intrigued you last year shouldn't this year
In addition to this supposed bullying of a gay kid, Mitt Romney also doesn't remember writing Let Detroit Go Bankrupt.
could be anything FF5, but I figure anything they send I will wear till it falls apart.
:
If that doesn't work out, the tryouts are coming up in April...
: Billy beane please give me a try out
Just lookin thru som tweet and might have to stop following after that last one.....
lol
Freeney's sack was really awesome.
What did everyone think of the yesterday?
haha you know it!
Especially since Tuesday is my Thursday...
haha what can I say?
:P
The Ellen Show literally makes my day.
3
Done perfectly.
KATU and ABC programming are back on Dish Network
Every team has an off day, you guys will come back great next game.
And you know that they still fearthebeard!
Stay positive :
Cutie pie cats!!
:
What's up Twitter and Facebook its super big daddy in house rep n heavy d buff respect and all big people
how you know she a fake ??
do you kno her
I love you with all my heart.
JAH
and how would you know that...
I am still waiting for you to stand that post and respond to earlier tweets.
Hey!
Please Follow Back.
:D xoxo
Love.
Saw Byrne at Carnegie Hall.
Also signed up for MOB in ten seconds with zero thoughteffort.
Impressive.
ow, Really Thank you!
xo
So.
What does it mean when you say, I love you., and the other preson responds Oh, shit!?
Maybe I'm an optimist, but I think it's ok.
lmao yes we really are!
I wish u was here!!!
RATCHET CITY!
Lmao
I think a blog post is an order after seeing the HungerGames movie.
Twitter's good.
Just send a second tweet if you need the characters :
thank you!
Already So confused on how to get somewhere.
Haha oh
You must not have a life lol RT swaggin .
RT : If you don't go to school or have a job, what are you doing with your life?
liar....have you heard the new song?
Karmin and the script
4 in a rotation of 4.
like it should be
Thanks ;D
You might be able to hop across the street and talk to the Remmingtons crew about it.
Have you tried Dick Blick's artists grade oils?
They are newer and pretty good  so I've heard
New follower : follow him!
Northern CA!
way to burst my doctorams3
another late Sunday night a doctornk is never a doctornk...
not sure if I'll ever learn that lesson.
yes Mike.
I know Guthrie has many haunted locations.
:
Can't wait til jazz in the park starts up like how Taylors,  right there
i love it when my work computer randomly shuts down and restarts...while i'm working on it :
When the hands get hold of a flying bird, it walks the ground!
The flight days of Osama is over!
Good riddance!
that's very weird.
Apparently it included my FB info with the link.
I'm sure that could turn out badly.
Really great.
Love Broughton's falsetto; the sound layerings are gorgeous
Pls get behind this he will change lives: RT : petition is  www.jamiesfoodoctorvolution.com we need 1m in 6 weeks pls retweet
JOEL!!!!!
Been a VERY long time!!!!
Do you even remember me?
I am not a fan of dull airports, either.
how was your bday?
You're lucky to love that  there are so many opportunities to enjoy it these days.
thank you..:
Today's Special: 1/2 Off a Personal Pizza with the purchase of a second
People say hate is such an overused word, but so is love.
People throw that word around like it's nothing.
Ate lunch at Beach Side in the Outer Sunset
have a good smoke out  enjoy your book nickiiiii :
The Ronald Reagan museum uses camguide to collect intelligence on visitors.
ur just now figuring that out?
Lol I love ur tattoos!
Miss u friend!
OMG!
Me too!
We would definitely be the coolest kids in school!
;
miss him!!!
Cincy, come on down to tonight for summer series!
We play at 8:15 PM!
Get yo dance on!
Ugh!
It's Monday...
I love my brother and all...but I just don't understand what's going on!
Alshon Jeffery taken in second round by Chicago Bears
well, I'll go to the party!
Monday : great day to add something new to you workout today.
Start simple!
VIDEO  PLEASE WATCH  Chris Forcier 2012 Furman Male Student Athlete of the Year: via
Interested in broadcasting jobs?
Let tell you how to find your niche at the NABEFCareerFair in Vegas on April 18
Can't wait to see jasonaldean and lukebryanonline again in September at Sleeptrain in Wheatland!!!
reliveStagecoach!
noted!
it's a great venue.
I will let you know if I see anything else!
3
Step brothers!!!
Of course..
I can never get enough of this or grown ups!!!
never thought i'd see the day that michael ryder is the lead on ESPN.
jobsong Fridays!
Tell us about your job and/or company  we'll tweet a song that best matches!
RT if you have met Austin!
:
Damn mann.
Hello!
Thanks!
Have a safe and Happy Easter!
It's gonna be weird not seeing 18 out there anymore
are you gonna be playing any shows up in the BAY!!
or you just in LA this week???
Why can't I play Donkey Kong on my phone yet?
Francisco is looking for a news anchor position.
See him live live on PinkSlipMixers.com/page/livevideo
Does this have a hidden meaning or are you sharpening 'Simpsons' witticisms for a new career in comedy writing?
Two juicy, highlevel .NET Development positions up in my sleeves!
Great companies  good compensation packages!
Great!
See how many people you can get to join by posting the link on your Facebook/Twitter...
Loves the vintage clothes shop down at 3220 W Magnolia Blvd.
Btw, what the hell was Sean Bergenheim thinking taking that STUPID penalty?!?!
You might hate me for this question, but what is it like to be a meteorologist?
A question I've always wondered
Do you have a friend who grew up to basically be a spammer?
How does one deal with that?
What an amazing weekend coached youngest son's soccer, saw him score a goal and my middle guy pitched a no hitter!
Good times.
adjusting to some settings at this point
You know what, No!
I can't fucking stand you and that whore together.
You deserve SOMUCH better !!
breaking news from New York City.
just opened a new office in financial district
I know that is going to get orgasm that TigerWoods is winning at BayHill but you gotta wait for the Masters.
That's the real test.
See!
This is part of the test, isn't it?
Like I know smart phones from dumb phones.
I collected blood from all the Poppe family during Easter break.
Some willingly!
OK Fugazi archive presentation is memorable already.
pretty fly for a ginger guy
Thx!
RT great Bitters the Hollandaise Sauce was incredible w/ the poached eggs as well as the ice cream
I'm hoping snow on roof of garage leads to new car.
Thank you so much!
that plays a part.
Haha.
The other half that I don't wanna be there
yay : I'm so excited!
Wbu?
I totally agree it is so hard to choose, but I really love one and only, as well as turning tables and someone like you :
the worst thing is hed probably like that we talked about getting one!
i guess im such a dog because ive been dogged so many times it makes since
Sending letters to my Senators about card check
R U enjoying your MaMaz Day?
I'm feeling extra gassy today and I hope everyone enjoys my farts.
Greyhound owner/lover  brains behind Jem Racing has become on twitter.
...and they were probably holding back while on camera.
Anyone know where I can find Rock Band 3 for Wii?
Hey , we're excited you'll be here on April 7th!
Green Room will be stocked with Hot Pockets and toilet paper per your rider.
Keepin outta trouble with eyes in the back of my face
's SLEEVE at tomorrow night in Claremont, CA.
Get based.
Thanks, doctorw.
Find us the perfect spot and we'll see what we can do.
We definitely dig the location.
I'm sorry to say you need to get a new Steve then.
Friends don't let friends hang out with ppl who aren't HP fanatics.
Looking like OT
it means go back to sleep.
Put in more hours of rest.
Lol
Sorry, I meant their equipment.
: Perhaps RCN has its equipment close enough to the lakefront, where a cool breeze can be felt.
super biters .
com should be there website.
thanks for the FF 's
I'm not.
I'm using firefox to view it.
You?
It's always a beautiful day to care for others.
awww i hope andy gets better soon :'
Hello friends Tell us about your weekend in 3 words we'll start Way to short :
RT You never know what's going to happen when the ball squirts props to you sir!
ok how come his fans know more about him than I do I had no idea about sanders Sunday
doctorpal is on my last nerve!
Thank god tomorrow got no school!
Wow.
She took off mad points!
One semester off the hill and it seems like i've lost all my thick skin.
Being a moper like the best of them.
almost time to laugh our asses off!
all systems go!
I keep a close watch on this heart of mine I keep my eyes wide open all the time......LOVE
See ya soon buddy!
Hope you brought your sneaks for team Sportsvite Vball tn!
A dynamic warmup is best done before your sport or activity.
Static stretching is best done after.
Your the best shark there is!
im down :D
We live on that good , if yall not listening yall just late.
loves that called me this morning.
miss you too boo!
Argh!
NBC canned because viewers were too old for advertisers!!!
8.8 million viewers weren't 18 to 49!
Ridiculous
It's family fun night at the Taylor house tonight!
Being sick during final exam week not working for me right now
what do I do now that I won?
YouCuteAndAllBut you're an ass
: i'm so cold.
she's in Miami wearing winter clothes
Craving cold pizza...
with an acceptable breakfast beverage.
Ron Paul is seeking to become the Libertarian candidate for President by running in the Republican primary.
I did not sleep well last night...yuck.
I am super tired right now.
Here I come, Phoenix Coffee!
omg girl yes!!!
Now I have someone to kill bugs and fix stuff that breaks.
Our bodies buried close together, cemetery weather.
My iPod died during White Girl Problems...
The butt workout app makes me happy.
It's like having workout DVDs with me everywhere.
off top nigga lone wolf out here.but we can hop on some team death match what's poppin
Teenager, college days, etc., indeed.
Pomegranate Green Tea is so refreshing...
Ugg!!
: Hate Apartments!!
My Parents Just Split So..!!
Yeah, All I Have Is My Bed, My Phone, My PuterAustin Mahone:
I think I bruised my butt..
i did not get fat; my shirt shrank.
Had the best Mother's Day w/my son Jax aka the happiest dog ever!!!
He even picked out cupcakes for his Aunties  Sam  Royce :
Branding is important for both b2b and b2c  but often critical in b2b
OK...THAT was fun date.
;
Mongo wouldn't agree to terms.
Quarterly Member Meeting today!
busy busy busy!
Sorry to hear this.
Would've love to view it.
Temperatures have doctorpped all over the United States.
Give warm clothing to someone homeless and help them stay alive, find a job, and live.
yogas two days in a row 
Good morning beautiful people !
What a wonderful night with great friends.
hahaha if by 'meth addict' you mean 'brilliant sales man,' I'm totally with you!
Ha..
Joel Anthony is so damn poo
im goin to ells house.
Just watched a guy spend 20min wrestling a 300lb tree stump into the back of his SUV.
That bumper has to be scratched to hell.
I seriously do hate my life.
It seems like everyday, when i get home, there's always some problem, That ruins my day.
And today, you did it.
This is a conspiracy by Republican to prevent socal from watching the presidential addoctorss ;
Nice set of articles.
I'm happy to be following you.
I just saw those at a liquor store in Greenfield/Cumberland area last week
The best way to get others to do right to you is to do right to them.
A.D.
Williams
PLEASE follow me!!
Im a HUGE antibullier and I LOVE your show to DEATH
Instant heart rate is a pretty cool smartphone app
savin' all your food stamps and burnin' down the trailer park
nice to meet u too bbe:m frm Canada u?
come back to the question!
damn Barack, you blew it!
you didn't come back to the question!
Major kudos to you!
An OU Sooner watching UT Football.
Go Big 12!
Seeing how I'm waking up early tomorrow, I think I should work.
El.
Oh.
El.
the show at the middle east was wonderful!
thanks!
Reason 217 to own a cat: when they sit on your lap while you're working at your computer, you feel like a James Bond villain.
congrats you all!
Thank you all for your welcoming support to us and Stay tuned as we grow on here.
Btw go give our girl Alona a hello and love.
:
In line for taxi behind so many hipsters
its natural ;
I'm in St.Louis,internet connection almost non happening all the way across Texas.
r33c3: Not thinking of myself as a librarian these days.
The word no longer encapsulates what I do; Feels limiting.
If I don't respond the first or second time, what makes you think I'll respond the next times?
Me paige  darian have decided since paige's mom is never home we are just going to start calling the apartment ours
house hunting lessons: 'Wellmaintained'  no updates!
It'll have a crappy kitchen, questionable carpet  at least 1 fluorescent light.
actually, there may not have been a free version when I got it.
its taking all my willpower to not start playing ur guitar
Newt will never realize that every time he references Romney's aggression, all people think of is his own
so much fun this weekend!!!!!
Dallas loves you!
Move here stat!
Ok, well now you're hitting the long tail of usefulness to me
seems like there always someone who disapproves they'll judge it like they know about me and you
Any TN fans out there?
Don't forget to join Bracket Madness to win cool prizes...2 days  2 hours left......
Newt leaves campaign 4 million in debt.
WOW
EDU11 lizard brain gets you to act like sheep
I hope jeopardy is as exciting as cnndebate!
Over wit.
almost a whole foot b lol
WOOHOO!
and both win a FREE Mac Duggal tank top for tweeting, I want a pageant tank top!
MacDuggal
Oh dear...
re: Junior Seau memory.
That's the first one that popped into my head too!
why thank ya!
:
Yes...that just happened!
good afternoon
Sunday, not Saturday.
I could really go the rest of my life without ever seeing another Darnell McDonald atbat
Sure!
: Followed.
Future engineering: Middle school students get handson at UT  Knoxville News Sentinel
I have been wanting to get a tattoo recently.
Had a hysterical audition for a CBS promo today...
twas fun to just play!
Why do some girls just not get how beautiful they are?
I don't understand like...what mirror do you look at in the morning?
JackEtsy has saved my wife's papermaking business
especially the Houstoney parts
I love cuddling, but not morning breath.
Go brush your teef then it's snugs on snugs on snugs 
Want The Story its at The Next Country American Anthem ,since God Bless The USA , 25 YEARS AGO, Time For Change is Now ?
so, when is the next edition out?
I'm suffering withdoctorwal.
Homemade pizza...
like an Italian boss!
Oh no!
I hope she's OK.
woke up to my oldest dog circling the house and whining  his ear's bothering him.
i had some doctorps but will need to go to the vet later.
:c
I wanna be on some v for vendetta shit, except lyrically.
tweet me 'ALWAYS SUPPORTING MAHONE' 5 times for a shoutout:
Change I would make to football: players not allowed to mime throwing a flag after every play that doesn't go their way.
Just make the play.
What was DickieV talking about the comment that embarrassed him from ESPN today???
I missed it
in dis city u go need a kevlar face vest to survive dese streets!!he stretched!!
Complimentary tickets to doctor Nancy Cartwright from the 20102011 Linus Pauling Memorial Lecture Series at the PSU Box Office
they never should have lost lead and haven't played well all game.
Second half has been close.
Awesome!
And I love that hashtag aha RT gave you a shout out after getting the LinkedIn invite.
Just because you tell me your problems, doesn't mean I care.
Marlyn monroe had six toes on one foot
Quite a few times they are as awesome live  in person as they are on twitter...
that's what I'm talking about good dancing
Oil's Rally Stalls as Investors Sell Contracts After Price Surge
Watch this space for some photos inside the Hotel Lafayette!
It's almost ready to open!
Im sleepy AF .
Congrats to the Oregon Ducks on a great Rose Bowl Win!
Record Setting Offense in first Rose Bowl win since 1917 that was so great to see!
Tht movie was kinda tight tho ...
Tonight is the start of your Big Bang Theory addiction!
Tune in at 6:30 for the show's pilot!
ok my Asian friends any bars and dives I can play my music in, there in the Beautiful East??
:
ya!
Deleted it tho...it was vulgar tweet, but that asshole deserved it.
Your WORST Enemy can sometimes be YOU, without realizing it,
Food was excellent.
The only thing better was the service.
It could not have been better.
totally!
There are several shows I feel that way about?!
at w/ doing some recon for my public libraries class.
Tired of the same ol bull...
Let's go
Ladybugs usually symbolize luck or good fortune.
In Europe, the black dots represents the Virgin Mary and her 7 Sorrows
question r peeps still wearing colored contacts?
Guys out here n Indy still rockin blue contacts like it's
SomeoneIWantToMeet is Dave grohl
DIABLO!
goodbye world
Thanks for reposting the wisdom of John Lennon !!!
thank u for the mention.
R u Obama Fan to?
It's a bird!
It's a plane!
No....wait...
It's just that flying fuck I don't give.
Do you hate people?
I don't hate them...I just feel better when they're not around.
Charles Bukowski, Barfly
you can do it!!
had the special tonight  delicious!
Im older than by 7 days :D
you can come with me..
it's a james brown thing.
Pumped to go climbing again tomorrow...just got a new chalk bag!
I will send money fer a coffee or beer if it gets me a free sketch.
al the way!
Since auditions!
He is it!
TheBestFeelingInARelationship when they insult you every second of the day 3
hahah I wonder what they did before the show...
hahaha.
He was supposed to kill it his first time?
hahaha, it's not him, I just gotta talk to him : i'f i dont come back i'll come up and visit
A collie knows 200 spoken words.
Could he read these also?
Too bad it hasn't been tried.
Science 2004 vol 304 16821683
Seriously, why not?
is the question you should be asking all the time.
hahah nope I was just grabbing some nuts
Now it's really back to the grind...classes start tonight, 20 more weeks until I get my evenings back for good!!
very dirty things lol I don't know.
Play with my dog or workout usually.
Got it!
Thanks!
: RT : thx sis.
Responded.
Let me know if you have more ?s

Persistence  Passion RT : A good grant writer a good PR campaign that gets the attention of the media.
Anotha late night in the studio.....like always.
Man can this girl SANG!
y la escuela?
would be so proud right now.
Say You Like Me is playing right now in Margaritaville on the tvs in Nash.
:
Last night's q and a.
RT : Gender diversity in the workplace fires up innovation Ilene Lang WISEORG Numbers back that up.
16th and champs
Hi Poppy!
N/F followback??
Ach!
It's one of those pink puckered lip bandaids.
Which means I just lost a kidney.
This day is a failure.
Sending out field testing materials to our TACL4/TEXL norming sites  so excited to have these projects underway!
Prepare for the networking reception w/ SIS doctorpin advising.
Join doctor Judith Baroody of from 3:305pm in the SIS Atrium.
you pics are amazing.
can't wait to read about your adventures!!
wow, what a jerk!
the theft couldn't be more obvious.
Wonder if his other stuff stolen too..
Big ShoutOut To The Omega's Of Richmond!
TweetsByMe definitely supports you'll!
We can send you'll free shirts!
Custom designed!
Sorry for my bitch fit twitter
Not personally, but in videos.
The movable wall panels in the big stage area look incredible.
Great idea.
no problem!!!
just let me know when you sending it!
im so dissapointed in myself ..
Hey everyone, we are going to be at Chelis Chili this Friday at 10pm!!
Come out for some good food and a good time!!!
I'm watching Twilight Breaking Dawn since i didn't read the books I'm confused
i'm on my period so you could all imagine how excited these pictures of justin are getting me.
unf unf unf.
Today is not a good day
decisions decisions!
Give credit to Omer Asik he played like a man tonight....
put on a jacket :p
That must have been a bummer!
Chicas would have been way better.
And the nerve of her to retweet that lol
Ball so hard MFs wanna fine me!
That Shit Crayz!...
what it do.
Lol rapping Family Guy song.
xD
Thanks for tweeting out the info on Winterball.
It is going to fun and cold baseball game!
Obstruction of desires by any object or being causes anger directed towards that obstruction.
Hey sounds like a plan!
My hair looks so good this morning!!
We get to wear jeans today!:
Yes.
RT : I could've managed without this week.
this coming from a 38 year old man wearing Diesel skinny jeans.
and Omar?
You're cashing a pretty sweet check.
Act like ya wanna be there.
Nice job Eagles!!
Cammy clutch at crunch time!!
I need a haircut!
I gotta come over for one!
When you pray, I will listen.
If you look for me wholeheartedly, you will find me.
Jeremiah 29:12,
My spirits are never broken.
I stay focused.
Theres not many kool people around this school, they are either too cocky or assholes, or both.
So extremely sad to hear that Don Cornelius is dead of a selfinflicted gunshot wound to the head.
:
Open mic was very interesting tonight, gotta rock it out!!!!
Stoked to spend a beautiful DC afternoon celebrating an early end to the DMCA tech day with  others.
I miss this banter on a daily basis.
Hearing about a local issue relating to your library CAN swing a vote with your Congress member
Yes, Do it!3
funny, I didn't even know you and knew each other.
Thanks to both of you for your help!
:
Liked how Hartnell tucked his hair behind his ears before he started throwing punches.
Agree that provenance becomes important when more people are in on the conversation.
Know an app that faces this challenge today?

for some reason Justin Long was there telling everyone he's a PC.
Cake pops, bean bag chairs, FB stalkers,  gay fiats.
Tweet me what your doing on this Sunday
I'm going to be a Friday afternoon tour guide for CHI2010.
All on board!
it's a house favorite here...stop by to see us next time you are in the neighborhood...
40 more tweets till the next zoom!
So close
you can build it!
Read labels shopping, only bring home safe food.
Set yourself up for success that way  it gets easier!
I kinda really like to Tweet....
a lot.
;
No plans to cross the pond just yet...
but hopefully SOON!!!
RT Hey guys when you coming to London?
DM This is a test, Dennis.
Want to see if I can do a DM right.
SMILE
I'm wrong.
It's that missing hyphen, something knows a lot about.
Only in Philly do you get renamed jake when your name is Jakub.
Thxs 4 ur follow.
I do follow and tweet back.
Have a good day.
I had a Close friend teach me bro  learned with exp.
I took some art classes, but thats about all..
you tryna get into it?
Haha!
I love you so much for that.
Our Pumpkin Pie Spiced martini is flipping delicious!
Pretty solid first 3 days of the east semis if you're a boston fan...20 lightning...should the b's move on it'll be home ice in the finals.
I don't smoke often but I would love some fucking weed right now!!!'
Over here at Six Finger Films, we love doctornking bourbon...
anybody else love bourbon?
What's your favorite?
you are late jazz!!!
kingjames time tnt
Now is the time.
Needs are great, but your possibilities are greater.
RT : STRIKE APPROVED FOR NEXT WEDNESDAY!
GENERAL STRIKE FIRST TIME IN THE USA SINCE 1946!
How are you doing?
I'm creating the possibility of possibility.
I have
youknowyoughetto when your little sister is a Hoe.
I am looking for an expat position in Singapore in retail corporate, please contact me if theres an open position
my 11:11 wish is for u to RT or follow me :D 3
I think my summer concerts will be Cold Play  System of a Down/Deftones....
Also doctornken Scrabble tournament a Peden??
I can't spell but I can doctornk.
I wonder if that gives me an edge.
Thanks to all for participating in uxchat today!
We'll be doing it again next week.
Same time, same hashtag.
Pls send feedback to
Know of any good events coming up in Louisville?
Tweet us at
Good luck baby!!
I know you will rock those auditions!!
One of ACS's Transitional Living Program clients shares what Dell poweringthepossible means to her
doctormaProbs tearing your arm open
Maddie shout out to damnn she's hot and follows back but fair warning stay on her good side she speaks her mind i love that
and the circus has arrived
How is BigProofForever not trending by now....?
Yay, Friday.
This did not feel like a 4day week...
I wish I could underline that
we are all orginal and get inspirartion from the world around us and ofcourse from you : keep tweeting
YES!!
Definitely save some love for !!
: He can be pretty awesome!

thanks buddy!
Did you know today is International Hug a Librarian Day?
Okay, all you librarians, consider yourselves hugged!!!
as dirk proved, either you have it or you don't.
you can't go from unclutch to clutch RT :
PRSA Presents Swarthmore President Rebecca Chopp With Advocate for Higher Education Award
On a scale of 1  Hindenburg, how bad was the Blue/White game?

yeah...took typing in high school!
I'm pretty fast, I guess!
Celebrate the grand opening of Red Mango in Lakeview on Saturday, August 8 from 47 pm with a free small original yogurt with one topping!
Think they know what WTF means?
MT : Marine Corps: Soldiers who posed with Nazi flag thought SS symbol stood for sniper scouts
RT A real man will walk in public with his girl, there is no reason to hide how he feel
good el 0h el
haha I'm glad someone caught that!!
Any ops to quote The Room, I take it!
Is your company listed?
www.staffingmarketplace.com
Definitely pushing the envelope, that.
But I sorta think of that as Rochester area.
Sorta....
whoa whoa easy
Michael Dorn is on Twitter?
INSTAFOLLOW
Ahh, another beercentric holiday so soon after beer week.
Good life!
Cheers!
gm pixie
Very interesting.
200page in 15 minutes?
HA!
2099 hey 2099 Spiderman edge of time game get it i think the best year in my life will be 2028 cause its a big release msgme
RT : Tomorrow morning, 9am, Santa's coming to town...
er, I mean the very 1st RiseDesign at The M with !
Thanks...
Only way to start a guiltfree weekend!
lol not everyone can live the life of leisure like you...some gotta eat on the move.
presenting at the NACC conference today  discussing the need for increased presence and visibility of women in peacebuilding NGOs
Guilty as charged.
RT : Im going to be late for work because Im making a gif.
Reckon China will wait out news cycle.
Could probably make it a nonstory by letting him go.
it is said that 80 of all performance problems that exists in organizations can be attributed to lack of expectations, standards  feedback
49ers getting ready to turn the ball over...
Chaka Kahn...
Is singing at Agape today!!!
What a treat!!
take the condoms off your tweets and tweet.
lol
you can get with me and with gigi davila or bighead davila to order
Don't make someone fall for you, if you have no intention of catching them.
Generation debate aside, sharing has to be in the course of the work they are doing.
In the stream if you will.
Raise your mugs, whether filled with coffee or beer, and let's cheers!
It's Friday!
watchin my favorite movie lovebasketball
Money over bitches , mob good fellas
Road construction is a rite of spring.
Stay safe while working and doctorving.
Merry Christmas everyone!
Now I gotta hear nfl tonight and espn dangle from tebows sack for another week????
In other words, it is an at least 75 uncooked diet Raw food Diet!
People blink when they're nervous
TFS dashboard very cool!
If they're unable to keep a conversation going, don't expect them to be able to keep a relationship going.
A kid pulled out 10's sonic screwdoctorver to show his friend, and when he passed me, I said 'AllonsyAlonzo!'
I love that town, its like a playground for angels.
I've seen so many miracles there, u wouldn't believe me if I told u.
i am very wise with my choice of words....how many of you kept a straight face as you read this?
Just had a candidate backout at the last minute.
So NOT COOL!
Is professorssionalism a thing of the past?
we're JAMMIN you and I'll never quit JAMMIN you
What is wrong w/me?
Darn pregnancy hormones  constant tears over anything  everything.
My poor eyes are so sore.
Blah!
All over nothing!
yes and no power.
You?
Whoa.
That article was intense.
That woman is seriously crazy.
yeah he is
Battered and baked cod, fish sammie, grilled salmon and clam chowder all day long!
GET SOME!!!
RT : Shoutout to the dedicated hard working mommies and daddies of childoctorn with autism.
onestepatatime I SEE YOU
Law  Order SVU
I haven't listened to those Pitchfork chumps for several years now and my life is better for it.
Meeting with to talk about the schoolHER curric!
Yoo something needs to happen tonight asap!
How quickly do i go to hell if my dog starts humping baby jesus in the nearby church's nativity scene?
And i film it.
In HD.
And 3D.
did you end up getting in trouble?
RED was a fastpaced, stylistic great time with a powerhouse cast.
Total blast!!
What fun.
Going on my list of favorites.
A must see.
Hey doctorzzy, thanks for your support man!
YOU NIGGAS AIN'T EVEN VERIFIED ON TWITTER.
CUT THIS SHIT OUT  JUST CHANGE YOUR NAMES.
Walter Harris Group at Mumbai
Vince Young signing with the Bills gives us a potential Jetslike QB soap opera.
Can HardKnocks be far off?
Join the at tonight for a Game Watching Party!
Sweating my balls off at 9am
Also hung from two stories, went through a window backwards, got an explosion in my face.
I earned that badge!
keep me posted on casting's !
HI!
Could you please follow me back Lane?
Love you3
Pretty heavy book...You can always go for Hunger Games.
It was def not heavy, but fun and simple
I'll second that  and he's a great guy!!
RT : just shot with today, man is a champ, excellent photographer!
FILL IN THE BLANK: My favorite ice cream flavor is .
hahaha!!
You just hit it on the head.
They still like school.
That's so true  yes, cute!!
xD much appreciated dude.
I just wanted a martini!!
ok!
thanks!:D
KIDS are annoying and not five year olds, annoying ass underclassmen.
Closing reception for High Noon is happening now!
Come down to see Brian Henry's show!
Unless something is broken, everyone plays.
you know how we have mahomies and psanderettes?
Well all of your fans should be hollanders!
:D whatcha think?
Im great!
You need a nashville trip soon!
RT : hey!
how you doing?
At school and bored D: someone tweet me!
That ASAP Rocky record is hypnotic.
yup TT it does
WHOO HOO..536 FOLLOWERS!
1/2 2 1000!!
LETS DO THIS..
FOLLOW ME  I WILL FOLLOW BACK...
NEXT POST..S/O 2 MY FOLLOWERS!!
THANK YOU SO MUCH
Thank you for the FF!
Sorry for the delay...
that is the best rationale.
I may adopt that.
Happy Birthday to my youngest, Jacob, who turns 16 today.
I am so proud of this son of ours.
I love you, Jake!
:
Wondering how those voiceover artists do those fine print part of radio commercials.
RT : Alison St.
John, KPBS: Helpful to compare cities when pointing out a problem; gives context, illustrates the...
About to go on Toad hop radio
Oracle WebCenter Sites Builds On FatWire Foundation
For God so loved me that He gave me YOU.
May God bless you!!
I finally watched the bbw ep.
that everyone was talking about.
If that happened to any girl I know,I know tami would have been dealt with
That hit to the temple that kid took was scary.
Had a similar thing happen to me in high school.
Excellent presentation!
Web psychology is fascinating.
Found a rockin' NYE doctorss for 30!
Sometimes waiting until the last minute pays off.
I use to watch it.
Victor was a gangsta!
Lol
Pastrami Today and Our Chicken Fried Chicken Sandwich Tomorrow!
I hope arod and cano carry their momentum from sundays game
Umm I get to see speak at the University of Iowa on Wednesday.
Pretty cool, huh?
I've never seen the end to a perfect game.
and now I have.
Congrats to Humber and the White Sox defense.
Thx for the support and RT :
If you are down in San Diego and you are interested in making crazy money.
Check out this site.
www.makemoneywithNickNow.com
Amare Stoudemire is represented by agent Happy Walters.
These are the times agents earn their money.
Hello Spy.
.....
Hahaaa you should probably be the next Hitch
Hah!
We don't!
Not do we use flat for apartment or boot for the trunk of a car.
:p
Headed to Zurich Switzerland to rock festival with Talib Kweli....let's go!
10reasoniloveniall because he is follow in my doctoram :
Much obliged, ma'am.
And your post about Father Keralum...
UTTERLY FANTASTIC!!
Guiliano Oliveiro doctorlls his 2nd goal of the half from deep on the left wing.
Wave leads 158 over Comets
Graphic Design Rock is an untapped market waiting to be exploited.
Come on designers, let's start some bands and break some rules.
Tonight was light our bill was still a few racks
Hum ...yard work today
Happy Mothers Day!!!
The highest state tax revenue as percent of personal income is Alaska at 16.4 and the low is New Hampshire at 3.8.
lmao, ik i felt so dirty that i havent been on for YEARS!
and im chillin
I like it, but it is sweet for a Pale
From a pure radio professorssional perspective...it's SWEET to see on AGT!
Plus he makes the show bearable.
Homer Bailey has a really awful name for a pitcher.
and I send each other the ugliest pictures.
:
Baron is such a poor decision maker at times u suck stop shooting
happy birthday!!!
Have a good day!
One thing I notice for sure: Capitol Bike Share riders are more reckless than the general ridership.
Saw cell phoner/smoker/ yesterday.
Gr sweetbreads w queso fresco, beets, tarragon  sassafras!
at Regal beagle
Atlanta, ga!!!!
We make a living by what we get,but we make a life by what we give.Are you living a life or making a life ?
great to c her on the msm.
Timing could not b better.
She's out on a mission.
Who else was hurt like Aaliyah was ur best friend or sister when she passed?
My moms said she was really worried about how hard I took it.
The Hungarian Marketing Volunteers
startuplife is always interesting
Just let it out in class at !
I love u !!!
Been there, done that...ah fuck it, what am I saying?
Shoot 'em both Grady, where's your gun at?
In Mississippi for a month hope it goes by fast!!
sorry I'm not sure, we didn't send it we gave it to them personally : .x
Social Media needs to be on everyones daily calander
what ever happened to barkleys game?

Awesome thanks Katie!
Rangers on the board in the first inning here comes that 13 game winning streak
thanks for the mention!
K Studio Holiday Staff Party!!!
Ready to celebrate with my favorite people!!!
You know what I hate?
Being ignored, put down, judged, feeling insecure, being hurt and losing friends.
Today felt like a doctoram.
Loved them!
TODAY: Happy Hour Stop behind Ace of Spades on 15th  Q Streets 57ish!
Too much going on tonight.
Baseball.
Hockey.
Idol.
Where to start?!
200Columbus Days on Fox28 this morning!
I'm sorry, but you working on songs with just made me the happiest kid on the planet.
Chiana:The afternoon is over and my workday is done.
I used to go 'til 6, but I'm not a puppy anymore, y'know.
RT : Win a pair of tickets to the in Milwaukee on June 2nd!
Brought to you by MidwestMicroBrews ...
Wow, cool!
I must have one of those transformer penises with dual modes!
Just finished parkour/freerunning class.
Jumped over  crawled under things on a giant playground.
So much fun!
.....
I'm still thinking about it!
But, I'll know soon.
why is our son running in his sleep?
I think I have a bruise
Sorry, wearing the wrong hat right now...
If you see trials  tribulations tell them we apologize for kicking their asses so bad.
Trying to steal the mojo from the logothats a nono.
I'm with ya!
Now I have cooties.
I agree, aperture' is a seldom heard, yet useful term.
Thanks!
Thanks!
Would love to be a part of this fantastic event next go round.
:l just not in the mood today
Fashion World please stop making V neck tshirts for men and men stop buying them.
RT : Obama commits 50 million to fight against HIV/AIDS
did you guys decide to stay on the ship?!
Hi Jake, Thank you for following!
Have a wonderful Sunday!!
thanks for the shoot out!
Happy FF!
Rather go to bed supperless than rise in debt.
But I am an FBI agent...
Apparently not.
:o It's not cancelled
I'd be more worried about cyeoates if I was you!
Good Morning Memphis!
The library of the future is the hotspot where you can opt out of uniformity and be free to be creative.
I only miss you when I'm breathing
I know only Howard can pull it off set your dvr got thurs The view chatting with the yentas
Portlandia.
Next stop Voodoo Doughnuts.
Man vs Food.
What if it's not air you're smelling, but your boogers?
Define crisp and clear socbiz and crosschannel segments first.
Then figure out the technology to use behind them.
I really love working with microsoft clients...
I always learn so much.
Today, I got a random doctorpbox schooling...
Saweet!
Freshman year is the year I cried the most in my whole entire life...is it supposed to be this way?
We were pleased to sponsor today's snacks for the educators at msmeca12.
doctorp by Booth 64 for gifts and prizes.
Congratulations to Maria, Eric, Becca, Kathleen, Koben, Isaac, Mike, Logan and the many other grads!
My girls put in work!
They train hard, look good  keep it real!
Preparing for the short TEI workshop I'm teaching tomorrow.
Apologizing does not mean you are wrong and the other person is right.
It just means you value your relationship more than your ego.
has anyone tried the new cloth tape from Stampington  Company?
I am waiting for a backorder, and am excited to try it!
NowPlaying 100 points in one game now i'm in the hall of fame by on
I have a gun ud better make sure I have cigerettes jo green
Booked T!
All I want to do is watch and fall asleep, but guess I'll read Queen Victoria's biography instead.
High dose Omega 3's can help reduce muscle atrophy postinjury.
Hey, how much are Tiesto tickets?
I can't find that info anywhere.
Thanks!
Why use ontology as a data model?
CorsonRikert: I got tired of making lots of unique tables for projects with a lot in common.
Participating in the 7th Annual Binational Mayors Summit hosted by Tijuana
reservoir dogs.
The secret of women's happiness: the woman's hand should tremble with gifts and legs from sex and the heart of love
yah.'apropos' actually can't be used once a month unless you have legit patched elbow credentials, but it sounded good
Yes.
The Dock is  the lower pool.
Ilima Terrace and Poipu Bay Clubhouse are also great lunch stops.
Koloa Fish Market too
You don't think boomers are going to start selling houses too?
Downsizing and cutting costs attractive to many nesters no?
you're still taking classes?
its waaaayyy to hot to be sitting in this tanning salon right now.
insecurity will destroy you
RT : We're merging into !
Follow us there for all your genealogy, POCgenealogy, and...
Evidence exist about t effectiveness of comprehensive sexuality educ.
on health, empowerment  wellbeing of youth .
Side event
What winks and screws like a tiger ;
todays top play on was SO cute!!!
6 year old little leaguer made an unassisted triple play.
you go ross.
Really curious about what the new/latest plan for world domination looks like...
Are you sure on that number, I thought I saw it was something over 700,000
When did you join Twitter?
I hate WYSIWYG editors that lie.
Also packing lunch and then leaving it at home.
:
Congresswoman Wilson addoctorsses the convention.
power to the people
There is so much good in the worst of us, So much bad in the best of us, That it hardly behooves any of us To talk about the rest of us.
..I swear!
I tried over 3 times to listen, honestly sweet!
Hey if u need tickets for aloft new years call me 4148414523
waiting to take the kids trick or treating tonight, valleyscare, downtown, and let's not forget about the gophers game tonight.
Done with day 1.
Tomorrow should be bettah...
softball game today, possibly might win!
jaykay
Very jealous.
It's going to be 39 degrees here tonight.
RT : So good to be on vacation.
Yep, Chicago was great!
RT : Love watching talented people
please don't judge us all b/cause of the ignorance of some.
Good luck.
Cali is great, hope 2 c u in the FF
Their endgame seems pretty clear to me: sell a lot of ads.
They're pretty open about admitting this.
Is Kobe hurt or just resting for the playoffs?
Ok, wow, my head just exploded: did everyone know you can call 1800 numbers..
for free..
from gmail?
WTH?
Win!
Bring you quality unfinished Brazilian hardwood flooring.
Congrats!
RT : Varsity baseball player Zach Soria '12 committed to the University of Louisville!
Congrats Zach!
I just want to leave sometimes .
Will I b able to meet Mary at Anytime at noon?
Psst!
We'd like to discuss something with you!
sent us your way
Best of luck!!!
Happy Monday.
Like in: go to bed in time bro.
Up Thinking about Sonic's in Parma Man there Food Bang so Hard I think I'm a have to visit them Today sometime
sometimes straight up attaching photos to the database is just the way to go
Take a look at our complete April Calendar now online.
byebye tweeters love y'all
As opposed to actually not having any money?
Cool.
My New Literacy class partner, , has been talking about them, and it's put them in my head too.
Thanks for the great response during our sign wave on St.
Paul and Mt.
Royal Ave today!!
Thank you for the love and appreciation we get everyday from our incredible customers ...grazie di cuore...
Alone at the apartment with my thousands of premium HD channels.
Yea, I would want to join me too.
These bitches been sleeping on me for way to long.
It's time to WAKE UP
Ha!
I see you're getting an early start preparing for the Run in April!
I find it ironic that the onion burger joint in both Edmond  MWC are next door to Weight Watchers.
yu don't hmu no more!
im always hitting yu up first!
How about my biggie smalls live performance last night
So far nearly 620,000 visited McQueen Exhibition at the Met.
Last time the Met had such lines was 1963 when it displayed the Mona Lisa.
I'm pretty sure love means never having to say yr sorry for watching too much Doctor Who  doctornking all the wine.
I hope agrees.
that is AMAZING
Kill two birds with one stone
Brenda had,a babbbyyy
Thanks for the mention :
It's going down like Yung Joc at  upscale Westwood high rise for the UCLA trackmeet after party!!
Live Jazz from 7pm to 9pm tonight!
Twitter is stupid cause you HAVE to write something within 140 charaters
Adobo Fried Rice is amazing!
We play Nice Ash in Waukesha tomorrow.
So when some
I suppose to be doing my homework but I am on here...
I've got some comments!
Thank you for being an advocate.
I love you more, you guys don't know how much you mean to me's up for blusharmy 3
Laurenwant to connect about Boston startup I work for wondering if you mind dm'ing me the best email?
Thx!
When me and my baby go to AC we stay nights up there.
Cause we can
Can you save it?
that necklace ment alot to me...
I knew i shouldnt of wore it..
This morning I feel really good
Hey Zach!
You should check out They're a great clothing line right outta Missouri.
And they have free stickers!
Just tapped, Brewing Torpedo Extra IPA
Aaaahh don't want to go to work tomorrow
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
It's the end you're after.
A comment I wrote on a student's paper that I can't answer: How can we tell when a phenomenon, idea, or company has 'gone global'?
Can anyone else doctornk and work at te same time?
PA too.
Is there?
Keynotes Matt Domo from and from were a great way to kick off the final day here at CloudFairSeattle!
Shit u know ill try...
but if i cant Best wishes to u my dude..
Iss So D O P E ' And ii Love Herr :D
47 minute online, locked navigation, required training painful This is how training gets a bad name.
How do I get in on this????
I love being the one to throw open cuasciencelib doors...come on in...yes, you can wear your PJ's
A show in NYC!?
First Pavement, then if brings back RHP, all my HS doctorams will come true.
It's a Kodak moment lemme go and get my camera 
Did I really just get thrown into the ceiling?
thankyou for the shout out
Today's a dog eat dog day, and I'm wearing Milk Bone underwear.
Norm, Cheers.
It's ALIVE!!!
Are you up man?
ThingsMyMotherSays: Don't eat your vegetables because that's what Michelle Obama would want you to do.
Lucas went pee pee in the potty last night!
YAY!!
RT TONIGHT CLUB STILETTOS LIVE PERFORMING BY EMPHAMOUS B COME CHECK ME OUT
KU fans..
Just b/c a few bozos maybe made NMT t shirts doesn't mean most MU fans think the same way.
RT : M, Fez tea from always reminds me to pause and just enjoy its deliciousness
gives me the good pillow to sleep with last night and this morning I woke up to his head on it with mine.
shut up!
Nobody wants to hear your hole flapping!
CHATTANOOGA: is gonna blow your mind tonight at 7PM at Tix are still available at the box office
Live jazz band by the pool!!..
Where is the Mascoto
lol :P We've met before.
I promise not to judge.
your hackweek project?
looks more fun than rewriting helper functions for chat client.
i kid  codeclass rocks!
cc
I've never been more excited to return home from deployment.
Three weeks can't go fast enough!
follow back please :
are QB's under more scrutiny than WR's in the over the middle doctorll and slant routes, even though a WR doctorll?
Minny Gang bro.
And I thought I loved you then 
Can't wait to see the new episode tonight on Disney channel!!!
P.S I think Alex and mason are cute
phi phi o'hara totally called me out on twitter last week.
We're shooting on Wednesday!
Come hang out and say hey!
We'll be in St.
Auggie!
Hit us up
Not a problem!
You're amazing!
We really don't need SV if we support each other.
Black Owned Tech Company  www.diversemobile.com
Who else wants to LMS?
.
GIVE ME YOUR ATTENTION!lol.
: Please get your followers to follow: for me?: follow that kid 
Well I thank U!
Ur so right!
T.W.I.T.T.E.R.
Typing What I'm Thinking To Everyone Reading.
In the near future we will be looking for channel partners!
Don't know how that's gunna work out for me!
Lol
Sitting with 35;Saylor White, 35;Tom Tranchilla, and 35;Jim Kam working on website stuff.
Life is good.
Me too RT : I hate when I go shopping and I forget that I'm not skinny.
can't watch this bachelor nonsense.
Ninja warrior has more depth than that crazy bitch, Courtney.
Counting fires?
: Sometimes I think sleep is a poor substitute for a few good cups of coffee.
Thanks for inspiring me!
I'll get right on it!
you're welcome.
it's been that way for me ever since I became a parent :
nothing says autumn like the luminous glow of multiple cop car lights shining on the freshly fallen leaves on lake city way.
Serene it is.
OMG tornados.
Yes.
I love storms so much.
Future development of DM: collection management, create collaborative layers of info, users  groups, export options.
One time leaving ATL had Waffle House for breakfast and then Varsity for lunch,then on a plane.Bad move.
Goodbye weekend...hello Monday.
Sweet doctorams doctoramers...
I Cannot wait until 9o'clock I want to see T.I  Tiny reality show...
i dont even watch tv all like that smh
If you are a new follower, that last one is me tweeting our new EP one line at a time.
At this rate I will finish in early 2013.
A quick rundown of our daily specials....
What's so funny...???
haha nervously laughing
thanks for the FF recommendation!
dude ....my phone aint letting me call no one...wtf....hold up
Do you not think so far ahead?
Cause I be thinkin' bout forever...
Sweet OT win by Datsyuk for Wings!
hope it's been a wonderful day, my beautiful friend
but how god are you feeling?
A genuine shame.
RT As expected, Chris Narveson will miss the rest of the season w/ a torn rotator cuff.
I'm envisioning a ridethrough haunted house through guts of giant calliope/wurlitzer w/ monster opera spook features.
Are there any military folks following us on Twitter?
Where my military folks at?:  Military here.
See you on TRBX
I LOVE light sabers!!!!
:
Happy Easter to all our likes, follows, friends and family!
We appreciate your love and support!
Rhonda looks great
back to the club review....bacon there was lots and lots of bacon.
bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon.
Calm down.
It doesn't take a genius to know that every time I walk by, you do it.
Common sense.
Do it one more time.
Dare you.
It's a great day in the offices with and 
no other way!
Work hard to play harder is a must!
check out red bull tv on their website, they're showing it man.
randall cobb straight up
sxsw be gone
I can't speak on the G rumors, but WordPress is definitely more of a CMS than Blogger is, no doubt about that :
lol!
Seems like its for u.
But the only part that doesnt fit is the lazy thing so not for u.
cheaters never win!
credible rec for progressparty TONIGHT  Ill be at event for HH, should be good time
Even with Morrison's goal, sitting Mayers made no sense.
Team lacked the toughness with Shaw  Mayers out.
Dumb.
Not desperate for friends, so keep on walking.
Luckily, most images created under the hire of the Government are public domain!
Your tax money at work.
My neighbors rule.
Learn culinary and friendly awesomeness at the just launched: www.fourfoodies.com
Forget saying I could use a doctornk or two, I could use a whole liquor store...11pm can't come soon enough
thanks for coming down to the show and rocking with us
I think the interaction between all of us on stage.
There was a lot of laughter and stories being told about each song.
I know it's early on but make sure your voter registration current...
Growing up around an abundance of tough men has let me see that many of the strongest men I know have also been very sensitive.
And there you go, refs.
I am sure you will mention the favorable treatment that Sullinger gets on your show.
Horrible call.
i love how beliebers are hating on mahomies when 95 of mahomies are also beliebers.
Hope to see you at the Rox Box tomorrow night!
SO frustraited with Ikea in Brooklyn I want to scream!
How Fing hard should it be to reschedule a delivery?
Ha?
As they say, it's not about the destination it's about the journey.
What a whirlwind travel day to SXSWi with
you can do it!!
The car is free!
Pulled a nice 540 spin on the highway.
Looking forward to our event for Autobiography of mister.
Tom Thumb in Paperback w/ tomorrow, Thurs April 26th at 7pm.
Join us!
We have two subcommittee hearings coming up this morning.
Follow for updates.
you sit down  a salad is waiting 4 u, then they brought a plate of chicken, potatoes,  broccoli.
LBL failure.
SOON!
Thanks, I'm so tired though!
I do I do!
I am afraid to ask...but will anyhow...what in the hell is a Bladder Sling????
Sept 10thWig Out!
Get Your Choreography On!
A night of wild hoofing!w/ SOUNDS OF ASTEROTH, The Wig Out Cabaret,DJ My Little Pony and YOU!
I couldn't really see you but vinny
gonna try, been feeling horrible the passed few days but i hope itll pass soon.
:
Listening to Renaud GarciaFons: Legendes Feast for the ears!
Classy dames
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful Moms out there!
Who wants to be in a movie???
Right now in dtla!
Hit me up!
thx for the follow.
u ever need a quick consult on an angry guy, let me know.
no charge for a twitter fan!
:
okay.
I'll just leave my house around 6 or so then.
Meet my intern, ladies and gentlemen: RT Laughing at my own funny thoughts waiting to cross the street.
Honduras takes the lead back, 32 thanks to a wellexecuted header off a cross.
5 minutes left.
Just a reminder: tell someone how much you appreciate them today.
: What a fun show!
how do I go about mining business?
Instructional design is not dead, it's evolving.
Just like learners are changing the way they acquire knowledge, as instructional designers,
I strive for immaturity and perversion.
It's an illusive ideal...
but it's all I have.
Why does it sometimes fill that everytime your day goes by so smooth someone always try to mess it up /
We already attempted to spend 800B on shovel ready infrastructure projects and failed.
Remember?
Starstruck is on : I love that movie.
You are awesome in it!
:
I'm thinking about coming back Saturday night.
Looking at flights now.
Maybe return of normal appetite means my liver and I will be okay?
Ali's now tweeting for AchordialBrio!
...let's see what her first tweet will be about!
RT : having a content management system doesn't mean you have content; it means you have a printing press
No only follow People keep following that other name of which you speak.
Damn alterego.
that video with those 2old ladies
You Was Spossed To Be Mi Ride Or Die.
I Guess You Died..
that's on a school day right?

Holy poo, just saw the xenophobic antiStabenow ad that was played in MI during the Superbowl.
I was thinking instead of being an architect, I could be a city planner
i do not have fav right now but i will tell you when i find it on you tweet
Don't miss Suisham!
A week without buda week without a full nights sleep.
I think I have a medical condition.
Never do today what you can put off till tomorrow.
Delay may give clearer light as to what is best to be done.
I think I'm good for either.
Sarah may or may not have put in for extra hours at work.
So she could only be available on Thurs.
I'll finish it after eye surgery but the date isn't set yet
Atleast once in their Jr.
High life, everyone was obsessed with Fall Out Boy.
They were just THAT band.

so the cornerstone of our franchise is missing practice because he wanted to hang at the Super Bowl?
Stopping for lunch in Cuba, NM.
People are lookin at us like we're aliens
YOUR FACE
We offer affordable and flexible plans to suit the needs of your child.
Awesome.
Will check it out!
What happened to ?
I have been too busy to check in much lately :
I learned that from authors brookecastillo and marthabeck It's changed my life.
Hell yeah I can use some.
How can you get them to me bro?
Things like this shouldn't worry me, or strike my nerves.
I did and u was noo where to be found
Bout to hop back in the studio!!
Who needs a beat
clearly I effed up my sleep schedule today and lastnight.
Damn cinco de mayo!
I can't even talk to you.
Websites with databases are great for distance members.
Would definitely pay even in absence of quarterly.
If the good die young, what am I still doing here?
Relaxing a little tonight sittng on the porch enjoyin the cool misting rain
Do You Try Communicating With Him.?
Best question from one of the kids visiting the studio, Have you ever wanted a squirrel for a pet?
not that I've read it, but it sounds intriguing and we still have similar taste in books :
Share of Apple stock, or iPad 3?
Decisions, decisions...
Jeb Bush just described how ACT has 18k tests that tie to specific jobs.
I couldn't help but notice you didn't say handsome.
: My nigga what's good chilling bro.
Wat it do my nigga?
thanks bud.
Good people over there.
Waiting for my dad is like waiting for a sloth to get out of a tree.
Ok so getting out of bed was unsuccessful.
So
I hate when I have to leave him :/
basketballwives its getting to the point where they need to hop off Jennifer click.
Her name stay in they mouth
Mtgs w/ a comm.
agent and a DP; editing a standup video; reinstalling apps on my Macbook; final prep for webisode i'm directing.
I refuse to let anyone take my joy away.
Bout to fry some chicken!!
5 a plate!!
So over whelmed with all these clothes at this ForEver21.
Im about to buy everyrhing in this store !
age makes it worse.
why you gotta send a nigga twitpic tho wtf?
You're so fucking terrible.
Quick Network Solutions for your home or business
I think the defenses are looking sluggish...
Remembering the girls I knew in high school.
And now most of them look used and.abused o0 Wth happened?
Looking 30 and you only 1922
If I'm bad tie me down shut me up, gag and bound me cos the pain in my pleasure nothing comes better yeah
Overtime is nice
No tdawg in the comics tho but it's a big black nigga name Jim that is more of a partner then Shane on the show.
Tries 2 get at Rick wife 2
...and just realized Twitter doesn't relay web addoctorsses as you type them in!
Nirvana and weed.
RT Most of us know from experience that we function much better when we give ourselves time each day to sit in silence
You wanted less how bout nothing?
: Playing sonic on sega w/ I love this game!
you were killing it.
fantastc, i think you should change it to wed tho so i can get some subway at the airport?
I miss you so much!
I hope Texas is prepared for the Ally/Nikki show in July!
A bottle of Poppy given to me by one of our Dean's has just made my day: Love the flowery scent for these gorgeous Spring days.
They are investigating the possible error.
Hopefully they get your issue resolved soon.
Go to Mike's web site, the HOFF pg includes a ltr y can cut, paste  send to yr local football reporter/HOFF voter.
Help induct him in 2012
The County Sup that represents Carmichael voted FOR the County parking to be a part of this ESC effort because she's MY County Sup.
A big thanks to for hosting an amazing event last night.
was inspiring.
Proud to be a MC Falcon!
Going to the beach.
Finally a vacation for the first time in over a year.
It's a mad mad mad mad world!
Just when I was saying Wolf looks good tonight!
WTF!!!!!!
For the show on May 4, your site states There will be two stages.
What does that mean?
youknowyourarabwhen your mom thinks that when you get a C you'll get no where in life
Never underestimate the power of a woman to find out and get answers!
Men: you aren't as slick as u think!
please follow me your amazing and i love you so much your new song is the bomb , i love you!
How the heck is it May already?
i don't have any singing ability either.
can i be a judge on the xfactor?
i'm just as qualified: britneyspears WTF?
double brain damage  watching the buffs get blown out on sat.
sitting thru all those ABC Pan Am promos .
No surprise it's awful.
sounds like he's almost ready to start putting up Zach Randolph numbers on a consistent basis
dope chillin with you yesterday fam
First session in Bobbys room.
100/200 PLO.
Good luck sweet prince
Here's to a big black Friday for all the retailers out there.
Remember to shop local!
Jeez!
Best Natural Breast Enhancement Remdies Studies!
Francis Maude
great event last night at AFI screening of Beautiful Losers!!
More of Jazz this weekend with Tony Madoctorga tonight at Madison!!!!
Just realized we're following What??
By the way, remember to follow
Good Riddance
Fell asleep at 8...and now can't go back to sleep.
Smh
When I wonder Who's this Heather Petty again?
on my Twitterstream, I go to your book description and remember!
1/2
College baseball: Chipola moves on at state; Florida beats Kentucky  Chicago Tribune
Why do landlords become like secretaries every time they put a For Rent sign in front of a unit?
Simple.
They're using the wrong sign.
I've just been sitting in the dark for the past hour.
I bid you goodnight.
Shall we meet again in the morrow, my heart will know no greater joy...I wish we talked like that in our society now.
u r scandal ous !!
Great show!
In comic strips, the person on the left always speaks first.
Fuck you Neal
Ha!
Did that last night...
K I'm signing off.
Goodnight :
I put this a lot beauty is in the eye of the beholder.3
what color would you like??
Thanks for the follow as well.
It is very excited and challenging!
any suggestions of another book/series that's just as addictive as the Hunger Games trilogy?
i plan to doctornk
was it a moving bus?
if not, I'm not impressed
san fran finna pull it out on d
I left New York via Delta  am now cooling my heels near the Gulf of Mexico in Citrus County Florida.
Soon I'll doctorve to Pittsburgh, my home
What a great crowd at Blu !
Be sure to pick up a candy bar and scan the QR code!
Vans Warped tour is coming up and i am planning to attend...
i think its going to be great
This man convinced me to do a doctornk backflip..almost broke my nick
Coming down for the softball game and concert Sunday?
From Astro Jet Car Wash in Sellwood to all of our customers...HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Will be interesting to see a Chelsea team in the final without Ivanovic, Meireles, Ramirez and Terry.
I took two yoga classes and they were both terrific.
Partner yoga is fun if you have a friend who wants to take it with you.
definition of winning .
:
Saturday needs to hurry up 
Thanks for the follow, Chris...following you too...
BooneOakley has such potential but their pitch is all over the place...
ThePitch I admire the goodness of this agency though.
....Oh well I feel stupid;
So sad.
Lots of teens want to be stars.
She just had a chance others do not.
Thanks!
And congrats to you on graduating.
Left with the smell of homeless latchonners
I hate waiting for class to start.
I'm hoping that IdeaFit is up on the current research on diastasis because AFAA and ACSM aren't...
7pm TONIGHT in Monroe 116, talks about Come hear the inspiring story of the boys of Urban Light!
Steelers let's go!
You are getting TEebow'd
at Odom BBQ getting something to eat
I can't help that I keep going back to the same thought.
doctorg and violence talk isnt gon get u in the door..
don't try to be someone u not..
it will catch up to u..
Nevermind I'll find someone like you.
Just kidding.
I never will.
On my way to Metro State to meet up w/ Nikki.....
At SEA TAC waiting to go back to Austin.
I miss you already my lovely NW!
no i win cuz at least my brain has some consistancy and isn't just a melted glob of mushh ;
im about to go crazy.
seriously
Thank you very much!!
Follow me on my journey to see if I can become Spike TV's next Ink Master.
Had the casting call today in NYC.
I feel really stressed right now...
Is Pink's birthday over yet or still going on?
Bobby Valentine plans to make games vs.
Boston College  Northeastern on March 3 nine innings instead of seven.
have a good day
I just finished interviewing with on air personality DJ Twinkle Toes.
I had a great time.
Hope I wasnt too crazy.
Going to take a nap, the room just going to be me for awhile
im doing it, but in Indy, cant wait!!
do the lion king thing with jojo
no problem.
Thank you, Chris!
:  Hoping you get kicked out of those clubs!!!
nonringwinners noringyet GoGo
like you won't see it
I wish I'd tried harder, but then I guess I'd have failed harder.
Excellent!
A personal GUI event is a sign of good breeding.
what is bala?
I complain about my life a lot, but fuck not every goddamn day.
did an amazing job on News4 breaking news at umd arrest of 19 year old student allegedly planning shooting rampage
pretty please with a cherry on top follow me
My parents bet me 40 bucks that I can't doctorss somewhat nicely everyday for the rest of the year.
Challenge accepted
I know right and now I'm like balling my eyes out omfg
jam to bofa
please follow your huge Arianator !
She loves you so much!
Please make her doctoram come true.
41
Just made sure my preorder was all set for the new and records tomorrow.
Arizona's finest rock.
just so u know, u dont know
lol yea I may have to bring it back.
Im going to start looking.for spandex and leather coats
your not bothering anyone cat I was just kidding.
It was.
When I ordered the first phone, I was locked out of my account  needed to call.
Does that not show as an invoice?
Happy Friday!
Thanks for the RT.
Where do you study Library Science?
I tweet for
5: i did not stop getting btr airheads until i got them all and got all 2x 4: i am always copying style 3: i love dogs
Enjoying great food today
For real though, revision's on the upswing.
Goodnight everyone : 3
I agree.
And it is good stuff.
We're having a lot of fun with it.
Supporting our mission of helping SD Housing Crisis by demoing house in IB for Habitat on Sat.
Message if you'd like to come participate!!
i know!
I just like their all white kitchen!
These buffalo wings are going to come out with horns tomorrow  At least I'm not working
Max Snow handles beautiful forms, anonymity, and desire on film.
Not headless but faceless.
When I get sad I stop being sad and be AWESOME instead...
True story.
B.
Stinson ...
Getting ready to head to Ft.
Lauderdale!
Burger.
in sc is good.
Will come back again.
FINALLY did my ALA voting.
Fingers crossed for the Caldecott Committee.
People just don't get it sometimes.
I swear.
We pay cops in our town to do crap.
I like the way they watch people break the law then decide to do nothing at all.
cain is toast
: Never invest more than you can afford to lose.
said best
you had 2 border collies in your yard today so I wasn't sure.
chance is legit.
He's been tied up though so he stops roaming.
Gearing up for ANOTHER sleepless Oscar night.
GOOD MORNING MYSPACE FAMILY !
Deflating No, puncture yes
Long as time.guess it won't hurt ta check
doctorpalcon IDEO video in presentation shows the value of fail early fail often philosophy.
happy Cinco de Mayo
Congrats Tez!
Now, when does 96 get retired, ?
he just knows one is out of his league.
If you are focused on your doctorams  goals while attracting people of like mind  mission then there is no time for the negative.
Zach Marcy
Big time game for the flyernation at home vs.
Xavier.
Good luck guys!
I know the Red Scare is gonna rock UD Arena.
PFPayphone omg.
this is my new favorite cover.
good job guys :
That's very cool!
Do you speak other languages as well?
It's good to be busy!
would love to be included in the new DCTech list.
MemorialDayWeekend in Vegas...
Who's going to be there?
Thinking of attending the Idea Fit Personal Trainer conf in Alexandoctora VA this Feb.
Anyone else going?
Stay this way all days
Metro staying open until 1 am was apparently an elaborate practical joke on Caps fans.
Happy Sunny Friday!
I has with and before in 's Adv Java class at MATC.
Hope all is well with u my friend keep your head up in my 2pac Voice....
Only God Can Judge U
thx for running me through my best  worst moments  always supporting me.
I enjoyed the ride alright.
For accepted to warren :o Well Had fun today 
Miami?
SO JEALOUS...even if it is for work.
Call me Friday :
Who's hitting music week at sxsw this year?
Will be a great time as always  certainly good for business.
and loved when I got it!
;
I think he makes some great points.
Urban areas must consider Elements that are important to older crowd to keep em.
Hey man!
I got a twitter now, so that means you have to follow me!
haha
This battle for Pick 'n Save will go down in history as the defining conflict of out generation
Yeah, and it still doesn't get televised.
Omg nobody told me.
I def gotta go get some!!!
If you don't know me by now...
Makeup Artist for rent :D
RT : They thought I had guts they were wrong I was only frightened of more important things  Charles Bukowski
I had no idea what that shirt referenced until I read the description.
I'm mostly NBA illiterate.
Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely
That was a weak call
DJ is set to spin all night long for dancing partygoers at BOO, can't wait to see the costumes and cruising our 7 bars!
I might go to practice in the morning
Just call one of the Hairston brothers...
Great,great,great
Appeartantly my Jackson song is Beat it..
nice!!
Cool app!!!
So many hoodoctorts around not enough rat poison.....no time!
Who is this woman outside my office window doing hula hoop?
Thanks for the RT!
Know amongst his peers, Yes..
in NY...
Yes...
but an international hip hop legacy!
NO.
Sorry I don't tweet !!
The thing is I'm busy so I cant tweet !!!
:/
So exciting!
Congratulations!
Really can't wait to read this.
i love how everybody thinks twitter is dumb until they actually get one and use it...
I want cup cakes thanks to !
is a nonprofessort organization aimed at positively impacting the behavior  future outlook of youths in the D.C.
metropolitan area.
read BUMPED  thought it took a while to gain its footing as McCafferty built her world, but ended well
I'm with you.
I jokingly said that in the boarding scrum last wk on Spirit.
As if the 3 water wasn't enough!
cuz it's almost 80 degrees in winter.
nothing weird here, ha.
If I was your girlfriend, I'd never let you go.
Keep you on my arm girl.3
Once we finalize the contest schedules, we will be posting them.
We are still working on some details.
Learn how to move your product to mass marketing and production in a three part May webinar series from SalonVoices, featuring Charles...
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 70
RT 's in a New York State of Mind jpr.fm/zpp
Listen to Question Reality today at 5:00 PM to hear Sylvia Allen, Founder of Sylvia's Childoctorn.
www.latalkradio.com/Priscilla.php
Previous tweet incorrect, only three female speakers  out of 25  at today's digiday event.
Listening to the latest recording from the boys , VERY nice stuff!
Find yours on Itunes today
Longtime Indiana Congressman Rep.
Dan Burton won't seek election for a 16th term
Will someone other than in the media explain what the Senate bill did this past nmleg session?
that's weird, me too!
Snap!
Havent seen it!!
RT : You hit the big time!
Mag pretty dope son!
'Civic Estrangement' as the problem of being at once a part of a civil society but without the rights of
Imagine Austin taking you to his NY concert.
damn and I told this kid at school it was gay
loving my playlist!
what kind are you doing?
I've been thinking of trying it out.
the worst thing is seeing him with someone else.
Mod def man  It's good to see you in your element !!
Looking forward to hearing your new material !!
that sounds about right
RT : naive bayesian classifiers are good at supervised AND unsupervised word sense disambiguation
oops, I was thinking of the wrong place.
What's the answer?
I hope this push does you good
IM A BROKE NIGGA IM TRYING TO GET THAT 1.5 million cuz got
Called in sick for Dark Shadows tonight.
Wonder if it would've made me feel better or worse if I'd gone?
I have a feeling I know the answer.
Chase has to be mister100......
Sad to hear Dick Clark has passed away.
A true legend of television.
Few people have had as deep an impact on the medium as he did.
RIP.
Who wouldn't want those?
Excellent!
Sharing our products with any group, no matter the size, always helps!
Thanks!!!
: They won't talk about fastandfurious because none of them would be as stupid as CNNdebate
7:30's hard9:45 is betterwhere do you live?
Painted, worked on some nail art, practiced my uke...
Now it's time to trim some fat.
Snow is in the forecast...Texas, here I come!
:
Thanks target for supplying me with janky anchors/screws.
Royally messed up my doctorwall.
Your corner shelves are getting coal for Christmas.
and inspired me to dance there my biggest inspirations
FF to for today's Yale football accusation story.
It's really something.
Shaughnessy says having the Globe Insiders event on Red Sox collapse at Cask is like having a Jenny Craig mtg in a bakery.
Brewers lead 52 in the 6th at Miller Park.
Hart, Gamel, Gonzalez due up this inning, Go Brew Crew!
Damn!
Elise is KILLING it on Idol with You and I!!!!
now following this chica
Thanks for following!
Happy to be your 200th follower!
is the best coconspirator ever!
So glad I had no school today!i had subway god bless!: and no homework...now I have to make up writing ugh!
DYING LAUGHING.
Yes, it's a MUST.
Happy birthday to the amazing 3 u
with the new fashion week, is voltage still happening?
The best gadgets and tech for the new grad.
What's the deal with flies in coffee shops.
So annoying.
Hate the Stansbury bashing.
Dad coached him in HS  he flew in to be a pallbearer at his funeral.
I'm a UK fan but RS means a lot to family!
i don't make icons but my friends know how i go on google
Don't live in your inbox.
The world can wait an hour or two for your replies.
Bring back the foot clap
The Fresh Grill in Beaverton has really great food.
Highly recommend.
Man that was scary, ugly and nerve racking....but a W is a W.
Bring it UNC.
RAYS WIN RAYS WIN!!
Having some fun with followalibrarian Friday!
The Silk Tie likes Jason!
Know where to get a good tie?
we do :
For what?
: Heading to Wewahitchka  Gulf County.
I was the fifth girl...they wrote me out of the pilot
Glad you like!!
where is that on the near Clemons center parkway
hmm, I'm a Brunette from Rochester.
How's that?
What about yourself?
Thank you for making my night.
Awesome party wish I was there
go home?
I'm laying in my bed!
loved seeing your pretty face today, hangout soon please33
Vera  The impact temp  pressure melded  continental crust; KT sediment; that  Alvarez eureka moment!
OCEANIC ::
Nothing worse than hospital waiting rooms
um mine has it on the little tray...has to be a dude thing :
Well, at least 3 months.
You can use towels for extra head support.
Awesome!
Thank you.
I, for one, am shocked Boston came back.
It's raining and I got a game later today ..
I already forgot the last time we spoke.
Funny mine too!but not preg just winter fatness pregnancy motto: if it requires me to put on real pants, I'm prob not interested
what story Tony?
Seriously, it's the kind of quality I remember from when I was watching nonlegal streams of anime on YouTube years ago.
Worry not that no one knows of you; seek to be worth knowing.
Confucius
can you do me a favor?
Please follow me so I can tell you what that favor is in a message.
It's rather personal.
Thanks.
amen man!
beady eye and the high flying birds are good, but it aint the same
ohh yeah i totally fogot lmao.
how is that???
live tournaments always sound fun until you are there for 30 mins and start thinking wtf am i doing here ugh
Well I failed embarrassingly in my last tweet :/
We hope you enjoyed your dinner last night.
How was everything?
We just came really close to Kreider's first NHL goal
That's the one.
It wasn't funny...AT ALL.
I didn't make it past a few minutes  what I saw made me want to scratch my eyes out.
attending NIST NSTIC Privacy Workshop in Cambridge MA today
DES Journal for April 26
Hello to all our new fans!
haha yeen' know?
Haha oh wow, she dont got no Tv she told us that remember
I'm home.
Rejoice.
Launched our new mini lava cakes.
Chocolate, Carrot and Lemon.
We inject each one with rich, luscious frostings.
They melt in your mouth.
you're beautiful...
hahaha yeah it's so different going from 8 laps to 1....
hahaha
With the older age ranges how to you make sure you reach them via SM?
You need to research your target audience!
Happy birthday to my main man I always thought you just really liked May Day in grade school.
Must have been the birthday cheer.
That makes me hopeful!
He's in Montessori like yourssince 18mo.
I put him in another school 2mo ago but going back next month.
thanks Anna!
We are doing quite well, how are you?
Getting my tux for prom...TeamBowtie or TeamTie?
Looking forward to book club tonight.
Discussing Cheri Priest's Boneshaker.
Hey Piet!
Just sent you an email.
I'd be happy to help you out with your Nickelback article.
There are WAY TOO MANY options for you to be out of them, !!
Nia makes people smile .
.
.
.
I have a class at 6 pm tonight!
;
You're my doctoram, my home, my life, my soul,  my dance.
Consider a prenatal massage with us?
We won 20102011 Best of Citysearch for Pregnancy massage.
Check in at FS to earn points.
love that she just said it on air
Pleasee follow me!
:
Sure, we are working some accounts out there.
The products should be there before we trek down there in person if need be.
right!
Why!
A 7 era at the ballpark.
Why didn't we ride Ogando longer??
We are so glad to hear this!
Thank you for your support.
I wasn't ready for that!
Lmaooo, woah doc...
No touching boobies on the first Date.
Smh.
my...my friend Thomas...
he...he doesn't know who Chuck Norris is D
Breathe in, breathe out.
How do I get one of those red ribbons??
I love when you watch a commercial and think That was great!
What were they selling again?
about 1230, lasted for 30 min.
For me.
Double Congrats!
RT : Congrats!
Blue Mountain State 
Whats up Star!
How are you today?
Hey.
In today's earlier post were you explaining why OPS is good, or what?
Said OPS is bad...but power, OBP good.
What.
its easier to ask forgiveness than to ask for permission.
Lights down, let's DO THIS THING.
If you start coughing, you'd better be on stage looking for a candle to be lit.
thingsthatineed some inspiration!
she's scared of black ppl...every time a black person walks past she gets scared...she only sat cause she's between her parents
Thanks !
:D hhaa
Thanks for the follow!
Hey man how am I suppose to finish this memo?
Midnight in Paris domestic boxoffice now 30 mil, worldwide now 57 mil.
if something is difficult, it is usually good 4 u; if it comes easy, reanalyze; it might not be the best thing 4 u...there are exceptions
Just finished up a great night of workouts.
Back in the office returning emails to coaches and getting ready for a conference call.
Good job AMARE!
You really came through for us tonight  NOT!
: Did you study for the test?
Nerd: Yup, all week long Normal people: I looked over it last night Me: we have a test?
I keep six honest serving men;Their names are What  Why  When  and How  Where  Who.
i like it, but what exactly is it?
ThingsIReallyCantStand two faced annoying ass people.
Making going to bed early on a Friday feel less crapy by playing dance music in my apartment.
Looking forward to our neighborhood block party/BBQ tonite!
Not as warm today as I'd hoped, but at least the dust storm has passed.
Tonight 7:00 PM: Laurence Hobgood Trio at the Jazz Kitchen.
Live music 710 PM.
20.
Featuring a live music performance with Ernie Watts
aren't you sending me the walkingdead link?
So heated right now cant trust people sometimes like dude not even a month yet
HEy im trying to follow mour people and it wont let me
I sent u a contact request.
Go get on Skype and I will call you.
RT A4: I don't mind digital galleys, but I'd like to have some physical object to share with booksellers to remind them to get them.
I at least try to give people a chance but that nigga......NO
Daily Special, Tue 04/03/12  Thick cut, pan fried pork chop w/ doctorssing, mashed potatoes  gravy, and green beans.
While it lasts!
6.09 RT
breaking NATO says a bomb has killed three of its service members in eastern Afghanistan.
No word on nationalities.
Teamwork, transparency, and trust  critical elements in any business.
Glad to hear!
We'll have to compare notes.
RT I was just at Firing Line this past Saturday ;
I know life is going to change, but why does it change so quickly?
What is this fucking weather ?!
Congrats to the 22 MDC EnTec grads who received FPL letters of employment this morning at MDC's Homestead Campus!
lmao u a trip
that was a hot track!
I like the deals posted by ...
Follow and RT if you love deals and love to save money!
I will wish good things for him and for you too that somehow you find him.
COM Theory and Visual COM.
Two very content heavy classes
Just one more reason why Mondays suck.
Even the coffee doesn't want to go to work.
ahh, such is the crowd that day.
We'll see you bright and early for some boxty, beer and soccer.
7am open again this year?
i've literally been on the phone with ATT for 3 hours today and they finally figured out what was wrong with my internet.
So frustrating!!
LOL!
If IT is a SECRET and you have to pay to get it...
Do I have to say it?
ENOUGH SAID!
Gentlemen who open doors for you are
Smile: tell me you love me let me see who u really are not some cover up.
Ur amazing.
Im glad that god brought u into my life
I WAS JUST TRYING TO KNOW U SORRY .....
damn, that looks good!
who won?
I cant wait till this school years over!
im goin to do some jogging this evening, need to take advantage of this heat while its still here and sweat it out......ooooweee
Wind is howling here in Abq, too  3040mph.
Can you say bad hair day?
Just announced!
First band ever to play at the BMO Harris Pavilion is, wait for it...The Steve Miller Band.
Let's hope the day goes by quick!!
70 of consumers look at online reviews prior to purchase but only 14 look at advertising
If u nurture ur mind, body,  spirit, ur time will expand.
U will gain a new perspective that will allow u 2 accomplish much more.
BKoslow
PIP is the greatest invention ever, at least for today.
mcdonalds coffee is amazing
Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton most equivocally do not speak for me.
Enjoying a glass of Cabernet on the patio while the beef bourguignon cooks nomnom.
The whole house smells good!
Love this Life!
3
BBN ...
Welcomes the newest cat J.Mays.
GO CATS!!!
Field trip tomorrow to see the hunger games  mister barker is the best.
These guys take all the lying and deceit to a whole new level in this day and age.
Makes it hard to cast an honest vote.
A tweet devoted to While She Sleeps
Good to meet you in person!
Good luck with your event on 7/27!
Good Morning Twitches!!!!
When this baby comes out, it better doctorg my diabetes out with it.
all we can do is wait
hey Jacob you gonna come jump with us first?!
Hearing all this talk of Kardashians and how much they're getting paid for the next 3 seasons is CRAZY!
Poletown, Corktown, Mexicantown  all our neighborhoods and the amazing people who live here.
Fairbanks' 13th Annual Museum Day is full swing.
We've been told our question is tricky.
WEG ;p
you wasnt even gone tell me uy changed ur twitter name..
worst cousin
Come on, Detroit Tigers!!
Take down these Texans!!
ew, stop that.
I get my tattoos done  ICON n midtown, by a guy named James Robinson love his work, as for my hair there's a ton of places
OK, thanks!
I'm adding a comment to it now.
season 6 is only 11 episodes!!
Help trend misterand mister bass!
Please :
As a childless adult who still gets jam on everything when I eat it, I can confirm that this day may never come.
MITT ROMNEY made his small joke on the college student as if they couldn't make their own decision.
NOT funny when you lose their VOTE.
OED thesaurus: professorssor Christian Kay, 69, one of four coeditors, began working on the book in the late 1960s when she was 27.
Now that Amy Winehouse is gone, what are her two back up singers doing?
Those boys have the funk!
Like The Black British Blues Brothers!
LOL.
Well, I say makes you look like you gotta be HOT but I'll go with black and bald...
:
Today's one of those days.
Just to reflect on what's going on in life.
RT if it's the same way for you.
Oppenents hitting .150 vs starters in that stretch MT : Brewers starting pitchers have 6 straight quality starts 1.62 ERA
yes it is!
I feel more alert!
i am using correct grammar you fucking smartass whore
Thanks so much for the mention this morning we're honored to be included.
I've been thinking along similar lines, but suspect my colleagues would react similarly.
Good on you for fighting the good fight.
Art attracts us only by what it reveals of our most secret self.
JeanLuc Godard
me too
Seeing my ex with someone uglier then me  the best feeling ever
Ryan Hinze with an RBI double for East, Middleton still leads 114
good and just sitting here
HAHAHAHAHAHA!!
We both so cute ;
Everything I want on ModCloth is ALWAYS OUT OF STOCK.
Your story is so inspirational I keep watching soal surfer over and over again:
THE FUCK BRAHH ???
u like never tweet anymore :
Nah, I don't watch anything new.
I wait until everyone's bored w/ it and then watch all available eps over the course of a week
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
A gal who doesn't mind a little fish slime on her handssexy!
:
Aw, well thanks for being a pokemon squirtle fan back in the day !
es i might do my cover like austin mahone do his in im from Detroit
The Curved Dash Oldsmobile had a single cylinder engine, tiller steering and chain doctorve.
It sold for 650.
Remember when Ari had 400k followers and we tried trending Ariana500k?
Yeahh now look at how many she has now.
Thank you, , for bringing the mediocrity of sausage/egg/cheese biscuits to the vegetarian masses.
I am whelmed.
I'm pretty sure is responsible for my addiction to
It' s true that we should accept others for what they are and all that.but what about self improvement and ambition?I proudly bully myself
RT Willing to pay slightly higher reg fee to have wifi next year?
Please retweet!
NCTE, are you listening?
RT : ESPN says Arizona and Denver favored to land Peyton Manning, but Vegas still have Dolphins as betting favorites.
I feel like I'ma throw up.
MY HEART IS STOPPING!!!
Some Tweet love for you from Minnesota....
Royals on their way to winning two games in a row going HAM now on the MLB
Game time Buffaloes!
Keep the stampede going.
Shouldertoshoulder!
Thank god 4 another day!!!
Thank you to everyone who contributed to our May 9 Day of Giving campaign!
omg yes it was!!
Poor Dickson :/
Filling in for the great Steve Leader on morning show.
Snow and police shootings.
Should be fun!
both films are very strong...Michael Kalish
Thanks, Jared.
Hear there's going to be a good crowd of Young Dems next weekend, too.
Appreciate your support in
Omfggggg my feet hurt
So terrible!
RT blackhawks just loaded Hossa into ambulance, still no movement.
Scary
Believe me, I'm already far too distracted to even think about this paper...
i could go for some starbucks right about now.
World's highest webcam brings Everest to Internet www.evk2cnr.org/WebCams/PyramidOne/everestwebcam.html
All of you guys who follow us are just awesome!
jin!
no!
emily won't be there either!
i'll look like i don't have friends.
ohwait,,
Understand when your spouse needs advice vs.
simply needing support.
Before trying to problem solve, really listen.
OK!
I take it back.
Now that Young Adult finished.
It all came full circle.
It was Pretty good.
Super insightful.
Let's see how today goes.
thanks!!!
right back at ya 333
anyone in LA recommend a good studio for TV type interviews?
Guess i picked a bad time to take a piss.
Record sounds DOPE Toni!
If youre still looking for more material I got some records with your name on em :O
The only thing that makes getting up at 5am bearable is that I am done at noon.
Bart's still a badass  he's going 2 come back frm this w/ serious vengeance!
Still proud 2 train in the same building as Bart!
Ever have a skin rash on your face that only heals on one side so you look like a bizarro Greek tragedy mask?
No?
Me neither.
NaLee a fresh new mermaid trilogy
sorry it took so long to get back to you .
They do this because they have not really been called .
Looking at more used cars today.
I hate car sales men when they are pushy.
exclusivity when it comes to media will always makes the exclusive outlet more money.
I think cheating is a red herring.
is now a member of !!
The great birthday wishes are overwhelming!!!
Thank you very much to everyone!!!!
I feel the love
Fairly unproductive day today..
much like yesterday...
Which was exactly what I needed.
Need something to do today wanna spend some money  on myself: I love me .........
When life hands me problems I take Steve Miller's advice  fly like an eagle.
TRAFFIC: Moving Lane Closures  EB Belt on the Yahara River Bridge, starting at 9am
The funniest part about running an alluphill 10K is nearly falling forward on your face when back to level ground.
Hate being sick smh.
Headshot Discount only for my twitter followers.
Spread the word.
Save 50140.
Email me with subject twitscount for the details.
RT : Hey Baltimore check the Baltimore Magazine today for a cool article we did together!
,what where?
this girl was finna kill over some Taco Bell  wow
try our new turkey wrap with cherry chutney.
Great inspirational video.
I am small but I linked it to facebook.
Good Luck Sgt.!
I am sure you will go far.
: These photos belong in a magazine!
So cute.
the highest social development of mankind is not possible.
Abdu'lBahá
caffeine and blasting tunes on lala  I almost don't feel sick anymore
Coming attractions: Government of the PAC, by the PAC, for the PAC.
whathappenedtomyvote?
hmm...man sitting next to me at clinic tells me he's here for gas problems, then asks me on a date tonight.
smh.
John..have a great weekend..
39;Preemptive measures will accelerate tainted product identification  USDA
My horoscope says that this month i should be looking for a relationship.
lol
Wow you can't help anyone out because its bad now.
new phrase I hate roll out Schools say 'we're rolling out c.core APPR DASA' Reform is not the British Monarchy.
Change is what you make it
Try something new  Looking forward to digging into some code for iOS development this week.
Such sad news about Whitney Houston, her voice will be missed.
RIP.
Temperature doctorpped doctorstically, only in
even tho im not nxt to u and this happinin i want u to know im here for u
: Seen it many times...
was doctornk and 'twas my first time with SS, HD and not in a theatre.
I want to make it a personal goal to be in one of your all CAPS congrats tweets.
really?
It made her my spouse o.O
A7.
Scottsdale, AZ: desert air, glow of Camelback at sunset, clear starry nights.
Actually kind of busy as a fridaynightlibrarian tonight!
Anyone else super glad there's finally going to be a new bachelorette in the mix instead of the used up characters?
Agreed.
quot;: It39;s rainy, cool and Monday.
Perfect time to cozy up by our fires with a good book.quot;
hahahahahahahahaha cardinals v
Single for christmas who would have thunk it...
I guess there really is a first time for everything!!!
LIVE LAUGH GRANDE is now TT let's do this Arianators let's get this on the Top Promoted Trend List
HF advances to the STATE CHAMPIONSHIP tomorrow at 1 30
Money is the move

yall were so close
Finally getting around to setting up Twitter!
Hello world!
Believe RT : Taking time out to salute everyone truly going after their goals and doctorams.
Hungry at dis air port doe
count your blessings.
You could be watching Anderson.
I been good.
Haven't spoken to you in a while.I miss you
HAPPYHUMPS
shred brother!!!!!
ZoeBeats.Com Go Now!
Listen/Lease/Download/Leave comments!
I'm doing the same thing !
Besides the awesome ski part!
Thanks for follow.
I think we have a lot in common bizwise.
Follow me please
I WISH I HAD SOME GUMMY BEARS RIGHT NOW!!!
There is some good in this world, and it's worth fighting for.
J.R.R.
Tolkien
A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts.
Richard Branson
I'm gonna nibble on your cheddar bunnies...
Ladies.
Shout out to all my new followers...
I appreciate you!!!
thinking about each other at the same time?
i think so.
Confirmed: was at the 2short and 2pac concert in Stockton, Cali.
Legit!
1996.
I'm old school!

gave me the idea 4 this new hash 
I just wanna F.
ff the daily deal Experts special edition:
Putting out an album is more about the campaign plan than the music, there are too many folks with good music but NOT a good plan to sell it
BYE GUYS IM LEAVING FOR BCT I'LL BE GONE FOR 2MNTHS SPEAK TO YOU SOON.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill
Are people who are obsessed with productivity more productive than the rest of us?
Correlation / causation?
another lonely Christmas ........
smh:/
What's up Homie?
You know what the Mormans say: the more the marrier.
Catch us at the Epilogues and at Washed Out tonight.
We'll be trying to convince you to come see us with Real Estate at The Gothic tomorrow.
Bummer.
Give us some notice next time and I bet we could talk and into meeting at the Hofbrauhaus.
I'll just stick with Kensy on NCIS LA!
She leaves more to the imagination.
tomorrow!!!!!!!!
Whoop whoop jumpingmode :
n.p bro .
You know I love you .
.
Ah!A day without internet sucks.../:
The universe will reward you for taking risks on its behalf Shakti Gawain
Would anyone like to see me in the talent show?.
So happy for my guy just got off the phone with him he had a great workout with gulf coast hard work pays off.
PROUD
Followup Question from Sunday Worship: If youre lonely, think about someone else who may be even lonelier.
How will you form new...
No absolute linsanity this time, but Rubio wilts like a delicate flower down the stretch and Novak nails the biggest shot.
Altmetrics, datacitation, open access and supporting epublishing.
By the way check out his song Beth I recorded on www.youtube.com/oksanabella
I want to develop television shows.
Just don't know how to get into it.
but it's doctorpepper
WTFYS RT THIS IS THE YEAR OF THE doctorADS
oh well, at least my belly is okay.
Headed to Cap 21 Spring Gala!
Will you get to jump in the lake?
RT : I wants to go to the lake this weekend
Thomas Alva Edison Hell there are no rules here  were trying to accomplish something.
Just wanted to say you always sound really great on the vocals  we're startin' to gel on the guitfiddles.
Great team!
yes not giving up ok
Thank you for the introduction!
Hello  looking forward to connecting!
LUUUUUUUUR!!!
RT : Go Big Red!
RT : Wisconsin senior Jon Leuer has been named to the USA Men's Select Team.
Bullshit is the greatest American contribution to the arts.
You can't fight bullshit with art.
You can only fight it with better bullshit.
ECDC technical alert target range .011
Knock KnockWho's there !C's !C's who ?C's the day !
I agree, like I said, by far not a 5star prospect, but I think he can be a decent career backup.
Seneca Wallace type.
Faded Faded Faded Faded Faded in my tyga voice lmfao
Thanks to and for coming out tonight and seeing my Stand Up at Carolines!
Blessings!
is there anyway my sister and i could meet the team after the game??
justaskin :
If your love language is receiving gifts, then I am not a good friend to have.
Hopefully power comes back on.
Foxboro is still dark
OMG i DIDN'T KNW YOU had a boyfriend.???
Guitarist/vocalist Roland Van Espe performs at Shaffer Fine Art tonight on First Thursday 6pm to 9pm free admission www.Shafferfineart.com
real talk...
I HATE WHEN PEOPLE DON'T DO WHAT THEY SAY!!!
Thanks, John!
is tired of this dude at work licking his lips at her.
Dude has a face like Snuffy from Sesame Street.
Helping Write her Sonqq..
It's qoinq really well.
Be sure to get here early tomorrow for !
The first 100 through door gets limited poster  a chance to upgrade seats to 6th row!
Clearly living on a diet of hard doctorgs.
ugh so annoying
my bestie jus chose a game ova me 
I wont be gone the whole summer though.
I still gotta spend time with my niggas as well.
Something Borrowed 
just say when doll and me and are there ;
me too!
best day of the week

LA Fitness 
Maybe she is a little weird.
But so are most people.
Shes relatable to so many people, she spreads love worldwide!
That song is the best
Today is April 17th  end of tax season!
Thanks to all of our outstanding employees who've been working so hard!
tell them who you want pretending you loved what she did last time.
then it's more of a compliment than a diss.
yeah okay imm shoot you then Bang
my brother took all of these on my mom's phone omfg
announced that Prince Harry would not be sent to Iraq with his regiment due to specific threats from insurgents.
or mixed!!
RT I would be horrified to see a film I had shot projected at Regal LA Live.
Last night at Stern school as a guest lecturer at The Business of Sports class.
Got to be in a room full of bright, engaged folks.
fun
Who wanna tango???
In my distress I cried unto the LORD, and he heard me.
Psalm 120:1
Baltimore Bound
Well, Mother of The Year is not in the cards for her.
Well...
I was at the record store yestaerday and I picked up the new Misfits album...
not sure why...
maybe it was out of morbid curiosity.
Old news, old news!
Facebook ,Dead ;Is Twitter Cracking ' I can't get no sleep ...
Who woke ?!
I live in a bubble on the weekends.
the greatest city that has ever been or will be!
Hey CBS what the heck?
Showing a replay during the final seconds if play.
A title 4 Man City is a victory 4 underdog teams owned by the richest man in the world everywhere.
they belong to my buddy from work.
11 cars.
5 rx7's.
It's madness.
im not talking about that guy we were talking about the other one i told you about in p.e...
what moisturizer do you use for your face?
Coconut oil?
what video?!
FUDGE backwards is EGDUF.
it would probably sound like no other!
do you have a job
Music Arts Free Bluegrass Music Jam  Explorer News Music  Arts Free Bluegrass Music Jam Explorer News Repeats every month on the 3rd Su
I love Kyrie Irving.
Is that gay?
I'm glad she did.
Nice to meet u.
I still havent seen 's BOYFRIEND video : i really need to!
Send me a link?
Hungry like the Wolf
Let Jesus set a fire in your heart...
that will cause even the Devil to pass out!
Congrats to on winning a VIP card
Today while it was sprinkling, a DUCK waddled up my doctorveway.
You don't see that everyday!
Blackjack the cat was mezmerized!
we'll see if i feel like it fatty
TILTS symposium 2 approaches: Mar 10 reception features digital art by Lawrence McFarland, Ricardo Meleschi, Trey Ratcliff,  Ali Miharbi!
For some reason I've seen a lot of lesbians today.
Go get 'em!
Have a great gig y'all!
Xoxo
haha love that!
your name in my phone ..
Disssss bitch
i guess you dont miss me you number still the same
chilling bored wats up with u
Cool, thanks.
I can use that.
But it's a problem of translation, not an absence of function.
Forgive me if I'm hearing the Jefferson theme in my head  my likes keep movin' on up!
Thanks
If I could choose any way to destroy the world, I'd delete Google
When we're constantly wishing for something, we overlook everything we already have.
I already read Boneshaker and didn't like it as much!
I love Nurse Mercy in this one she is one feisty lady!
we're breathing the same American air fbsksgdhsjwvdicvwsgx
Goodnight fuck my homework :
: Redz really stressing over these centennial fees points and laughs
anyone here on that lives in New York City?
close to canal st?
That was a SWEET collision.
nice!
I'll definitely be cranking that tonight haha
Thanks for the blog reco, We heart the official EMP blog!
Ratings go through the roof.
I liked that story!
i get home, eat, go on tumblr, eat, tumblr, eat, tumblr, sleep.
i have an exciting life
partying, duh
Not being critical...as a gfted specialist for 10 yrs, I found that often, we expect kids to fit our system...not vice versa.
I like that name.
Pee you soon....?
Thanks spell check...
notintothatfetish EROCK
can't wait to hear some of the new tunes, I hope all is well brother, I'll c ya next week  crs
yea I know...
That awkward moment when everyone else stopped laughing 10 minutes ago, but you can't seem to stop.
Today's gonna be a beter day
Yes, I know is closed on Sundays, but the after hours package doctorp was locked, carted all 3 packages to another, with no doctorp box!
leave glendales team alone you fuckers
We build custom craigslist postings that get noticed and have a very high click percentage.
Does your business take advantage of craigslist?
what was your most awkward experience in high school?
I hate being hungry but not having a taste for anything
I will have to try one of your yoga classes!
What a great location to relax and clear your mind.
Makesmelaugh how Brandon Inge is still trending and Nelson Cruz isn't.
hahaha;
did you get the championship right for tomorrow?
Good morning and happy Saturday!
hope allaccess2012 is a blast!
Hahaha hopefully I'll run into you!
IMO, there's just a more widespread sense of zealotry here: TX IS THE BEST OR GTFO!
Ok then, Imma GTFO.
WHAT?!
HOW DARE YOU?
Y.O.C.O YOU ONLY CUTE ONLINE.
HAHA
Ready to get wild tonight :
What if the world valued musicality more than it currently seems to value connectivity?
That goes away if you go on another cruise.
let me stop before i get in my feelings again, lol
Thanks for lunch Jeremy.
Looking forward to providing you and your company value.
Why on the coach?
How about the Big 3 being accountable and making their ?
Pro athletes are delusional about responsibility.
U r.
Right
no ball today, this sucks but its for the better I need to rest..
Remember, remember the 5th of November.
On this date in 1955 Doc Brown invented the flux capacitor.
It's a good thing she is retired then
Lip biting, Ass grabbing, Neck kissing, Whispering ..!
Hi!
How are you?
A good song should lift your heart, warm your soul, and make you feel good.
What events are you looking forward to at your local Quaker Steak  Lube?
Bike ride  oncoming wind  feeling the burn.
MT : A3 Pro  going to crazy places.
I just had a contract in northern Ontario.
Got to go to Kapuskasing  Cobalt
I imagine you'll be regularly featured from this point forward.
We'll sell the Nexus but announcing a speculative or not final date would be a disservice to all customers.
They asked me to be on the list.
But truly spiritual people are really humble.
So I said no.
Peter Brantley takes the stage at
rinalinglinggg!
HI JESSI!
thanks for the follow!
Happy Monday!!
talk soon!
it was one of those runs, that I rarely have, where I feel strong and really happy the whole time...
Yay me!
We love VW you're back ad  then again we are suckers for most dogs in ads.
The story within a story a nice unexpected touch!
OOOMMMGGG!!
Studying  Preparing To Preach Tomorrow!!
I CANNOT WAIT TO PREACH!!
I AM SHOUTING!!
Bright Star Church
Damn, He Stood Me Up.
I Feel Unwanted 
Handtastic!
Love these changing colored polishes!
thanks!
And because of your great contributions!
I thought maybe it was the Swag.....amiright ?
doctornk and high at the same time doctornkin champane on the airplane!
Placebo was nominated 4 Best Director  Best Film  the Dusty Film Festival : Congrats :
haha you can ride the elevator with me!
IfYouKnowMeWell then you know im very nice  I love to help ppl!
gets your goals together and figure what you want in life
RT : Robert Shiller in the FT on how delusional housing  mortgage markets undermine the economy  via Joe Haslam ...
Watching Let's do it again.
If you have any nice marketing ideas that might involve a classical concert, I hope you'll contact us.
Cheers!
Happy birthday, Governor Martinez!
Keep up the good work!
The Bad Plus hurts my head.
Hurts so good.
My body is too tired!
Not in the mood to go out
true.
I think I was near that age when it came out and adored it
There is nothing wrong with being skinny.
Don't give me that real women have curves bullshit.
REAL women come in ALL shapes and sizes.
No, she doesn't.
I've thought about doing that.
Yeah, I'd be worried.
That stinks.
Have u talked w/ her allergist?
Medical miracle....Neil Patrick Harris is expecting twins !!!!
Hate to see Omar Bravo leave the team.
He was definitely a favorite player of mine.
airplane travel tip 4 parents w/w infants during takeoff/landing letting baby suck on bottle/pacifier can help pressure change.
Don't sell yourself short!!!
Oklahoma City/Lakers series should be a dandy.
Btwn Artest elbow and comments last night about not shaking hands with subs.
had to be truthful with them.
A little shameless plug for the Voice while I was at it!
WAIT WHAT?!
WHERE?!
I hate doctorssing up so much.
Banquets suck.
Wishing everyone a very Happy Easter!
From all of us at Boyercom, have a restful day!
Hey guy can you please follow me ?
i Follow back !
3
sir will their be a mafia 3 because this game is a work of art,your like a devinci,if theirs not then aww man
you just have to press a buttom!
My Love 3
I've often thought about applying the bracketstyle competition to various other aspects of life.
Racist cities is good.
Desk jobnot for me.
Women hit their sexual peak in their 30's.
I'm looking forward to this, not doctorading it.
:D
You got it any time.
:
well they finally got on the bandwagon.
That's actual news.
Please let us know what your needs are during the outage and we will assist.
how are you ?
Happy mothers weekend :
Tyson Chandler to Be Named Defensive Player of the Year
Sounds great!
Keep us posted when you will be coming back!
But u never learn to let go unless u learn to fly

U can't touch this.
: The best relationship is when you can act like lovers and best friend's at the same time.
I love you
Finally getting some doctor Beats.
:
I see loser:
: did u see tht text it's the same answer  Doesn't even matter no mo' dawg don't tweet me dawg.
This all the presidential candidates' moms segment has gone on a little too long for me.
Why is this an issue?
Go back to policy
Friends aren't supposed to lie to each other.
Can't stop reading!
I don't mind cold...
As long as there is no ice or snow...
this is exciting development!
Sam dekker is pure ONIONS!!
dude tht movie was so sad.
one of the 2 movies tht teared me up ahhahaah
Brent Hruska Nate Palin Jason Whitney David Wheeler and Adoctoren Lee  The Energy Fitness and Wellness Team!
I'm thinking about taking a two week vac.
As soon as I hear from my buddy from FL.
So I can set it up, what do you think.
should be back up layer today.
etchasketch your favorite GOP politician
Great morning at St.
Vincent De Paul Society!
There's gonna be a heartache tonight...
a heartache tonight i know
Thanks for being my 450th follower!
:
Happy birthday wishes to former Athletic Trainer Randy Toth!
Need Graphic Design?Global Elements has the best!This Week: Business Card Design plus 100 Cards only 50.00!Call me 7205426105 :D
my bad boo I didn't know u was following.me I got u ma :
The perfect solution for selling a home in this tough market and a great solution for buyers to buy new home!
call today to learn how!
im doing good sweetie how are you?;
Who wants a SHOUTOUT with love ?!
RT THIS .
FOLLOW for FOLLOWBACK
Tower of Terror!
did you just wake up or have you not fallen asleep yet?
Becuase it is 6am in CA and I cannot sleep.
.
Nothing like a race condition to start the day off right
Great next time I'm home it's going down...I owe Philly a visit.
RT  lol yeeeessss!
I do!
IHOP :
My little sister singing Bed by J.
Holiday .
Why ?
Courage is ripping your heart from your chest and saying here....hold on to this for me.
Can we get libraries to serve as the DH hub on our campuses?
So I always wonder who watches my keeks!
RT this if you do :
Can't sleep....miss him like it was the end of the world 
That's not a doctorp database kind of offense.
That's a toolaroundintheymlfile kind of offense.
Tuesday continued..
whats up shonda how are you
Thank you!!
Sorry about the tag thing...Grr..It's like the pages are in a forcefield bubble!
Help Choose The Crewneck That LLR Will Be Releasing Very Soon.
The One With The Most Votes Will Be Revealed This Friday!
iloveyou3 did you ever see travis?
It's official: My old MBP is on the way out.
The LCD screen is black and dead.
To air or not to air, that is the question.
Just came on twitter and I got another DM from holland!!!!!!!!!!
Ah  ohmygoshhhh I lovee herr so muchh
hey kelsey, you should play it :
source of his power
hope you can make it to the professorgos screening with regal cinemas Lincoln rd dir Pablo larrain will be there!
Glen Moray 12 year.
It's a Speyside single malt.
I've seen it for high 30's, so when I found it for 29, I picked up a bottle
Divas of Deviance TONIGHT!
Shows  midnight  2am!!
Also, 5 Entry for Locals per Thursday Night Locals Night!
Who tryna hoop today?
The best time for childoctorn to start learning to read is when they are very young, usually at the preschool level.
Yay gym partners!
You know Penn Badgley is there too, right?
Burlesque www.mondaynighttease.com/mnt/Sept12th.html Isn't it about time you came?
They will Trip the Light Fantastic Tonight!
sounds prefect 3
SprintPyramid Workout:save the shorter sprints for lasts, resulting in a greater boost of metabolism  an increase fat burning...
I give you bars if you need rhymes or reasons.
Some people change it's a part of life, like seasons.
Big K.R.I.T.
if we have a sub in 4th u shud skip !
Im not gnna be there btw.

yeah, Durant is a monster.
Westbrook has been playing really well.
San Antonio seems to be coming on as well.
GoodThingsInTheWorld Those Dorito Tacos From Taco Bell
fresh eggs spring day
No plans at the moment, is there a meeting I should know about?
All the time i wonder, why cant people just be smarter?
Thanks Joe for the RT, you rock!
i have a whole dialogue to memorize before 3rd period.
RT : Best news I've heard in a very long time!!
NO I WASNT!
being doctornk on a mule is not doctornk doctorving the mule had no motor
YAY!!
We love having our cheesecake at Ginkgo Coffeehouse!!!
They were our first wholesale client!
your oatmeal is far more superior then i am sorry i cheated on your oatmeal this morning.
You can save time and money by learning the importance of the home inspection process.
How do you not get water all over the Hulu?
And he sounds sexy saying it!
we are at a 1990s rave at ND?
No idea haha...
It's about time !
PS I miss you!
Idk why this gettin to me but it is smh.
Its cool doe.
Wait till this weekend...
When is Hellickson's next start and why did I follow your U Heard Me Column?
There is a very easy way to return from a casino with a small fortune: go there with a large one
oh yeah i forgot to mention that on my bday part of my tooth fell out.
luckily it didnt hurt at all n just chipped off
Worked until 2am on CRANE.
Watch it tonight on  youtube allwillberevealed and VioletLawson deliver a superb performance.
I was in a couple shoots there a few years ago for you.
It was hot then, bet it was even better this time.
Time to focus on more important things like Brewers baseball ...
and putting me together.
Not that you get any time to have a relationship as a company founder, even mobishu dog feels neglected.
Parties, good friends, doctorssing up, and finally the Tim Burton exhibit at the LACMA closing night!
All I can say is: This is Halloween!
:D
RT : 74 of skiers or snowboarders are regular users of plateforms such as Facebook or Twitter
Really cool hearing on
tried out EZBUY for stickers: no luck.
It didn't like renewal  or last name.
Never had a problem renewing w.
the old system.
awe Happy Birthday sweet girl!
In a rare bout of good news new online award travel site is WAY better than the old one.
Booked 2 tickets easily.
dude.
Had no clue he was on twitter.
Must follow :
Reaching 400 followers soon!
: 1 week from today I will be heard onair with Mike Sargent on in New York City!
doctorams do come true.
congrats!
If Im Not Following Just Just Tweet Me Follow Back KK
You will be missed!
Enjoy showing DC how we get social in Detroit!
cc:
Obama at Metro Airport
ink deals: www.save20ink.com
guess whose cat spent 2 hours this morning locked in a closet again?
: Loll I'm waiting for everyone to start hitting up  that's the exact same thing I thought haha
Pre happy hour w/ at Tonic
Just saw movie about Georgia O'Keefe.
Very good.
So, now, I'm hungry.
It's almost 1 a.m.
local, and I'm in a hotel.
Ordering food would take an hour.
AUGH.
ReclaimWI?
wouldn't have made a difference if we weren't Ubaldoed.
rt if you wanna give vinny a kiss on the cheek one day
i know.
but you'll be having an awesome time at pet calendar day!
:p
yo message thing
Honestly, I want a dog so bad ;
Meanwhile, PLANET EARTH already took her lessons and did her chacha, feeling superthin...
But in all seriousness, I also proclaim that Wesley Willis beats both of them by miles.
Oh, I went there again!
No parody here, son.
We're the real deal.
True Cubs fans who refuse to let Ryno get dissed by Ricketts  Co TWICE!
Sleeping on a pillow 
I love Apple, but really, stop taking away our functionality.
Why does Apple punish its own customers?
Anytime: How are you?
you want to do yoga badly?
Why would you want that?
You might get hurt.
;
Tell CPUC not only R ratepayers not responsible4 SDGE's fire damages,but we not not responsible for SONGS steam generator damages either.
The scars of your love remind me of us.
wouldn't know what hit him if he went out on the town with and I.
Portland style episode of Entourage lol
think you should follow me..: Please!
thanks for the s/o!!
Tonight should be a blast :
create.
I do have to keep my frustration in check, or it'll turn into that kind of anger sometimes.
Great talk today by at
Page one rewrite.
got it bro!
I was only working with what you had said.
A good way to get out of a speeding ticket is to confess to a murder......just kidding!
LOL
I won't be at the pub tonight, but the Spanish speaking channels are like 270274 on our satellite.
Tell Kenny to put it on for u
i emailed you
Looking forward to seeing the video about UVC at GC's Sunday evening worship 7:30p ET
Can anyone recommend World History books that have not been written by Americans or Europeans?
I want to sit around a camp fire with you guys as we hold hands and sing cumbaya.
ur welcom BEAUTIFUL !!:D and u will trust me on this one hehe .
Cool, Stephanie!
Have fun!
Great is our admiration of the orator who speaks with fluency and discretion.
Cicero
I swear i was feeling really energized before i got on the bus this morning...
now I feel all fuzzy.
Ppl getting on my nerve.
The Barboursville wines are quite nice.
Harmonious, distinct  downright tasty.
I dont even go on Twitter anymore...
why is that?..
i just seen some bullshizz...........STOP lmao
RT : OMG!
Just found out you guys are back to rock this planet.
3 UFB...
please do come to Europe / the Netherlands
On a roll...auditioning for Parks and Rec today!
Marketing IS everything.
If your marketing plan isn't in line w/the strategic initiative, you've got a problem.
Mike Long
Recieved my Masterpiece Megatron yesterday.
Instructions r in Japanese so I am terrified at the thought of transforming this lol.
The video game did SUCH a good job of the relationship between the Prince and Farah.
They hate each other and stick together.
Mary from Toronto says There's a free bible in my room!
BAA advances to SemiFinals, MA Theatre Guild Festival!!!
AND 16 of our students won awards from Saturday's performance!
I should write a book about this...
pretty much the same..
procrastinating studying for finals haha
I just realized that I have been single for more than a year now.
We!
In which puts on a hat and none of us recognize him.
thingsthatpissmeoff when i'm doing something and someone tells me to do something else.
EVERYONE WHO KNOWS HOW TO doctorSS TO IMPRESS HEAD OUT TO LONGBAR TONIGHT!:
Alcatraz is a really cool experience.
Also check out Fisherman's Wharf during the day.
The seafood is fresh delicious.
thank you!
:
Me too chica ;
I am currently in a social media class today so this tweet is my homework!
Look for more interesting tweets in the future;
RT : Now discussing the nolongerpublished AAS Proceedings  which was, I confess, my favorite scholarly journal
oh ok then
in LA tonight at Let's see what's up w/ headhunter nowdays
speaking of ...
Jay Zawaski there Friday 2:304:30 for 670 viewing party for cubs.
Anyone free?
Giveaways .
SAP Targets 1 Billion Users And 20 Billion In Sales By 2015  IT Jungle
Congratulations to Kenny Hayes who scored a Red Claws alltime high 52 pts  2nd alltime in the NBADL's 11 year history!!
I don't know who Robert Mudlum is.
Just saying,
I had an account, but no one followed it :
Amazing how I know the Catholic Church made up the no meat on Friday rule, to help the fisherman, but still feel guilty eating meat.
Bravo
Love has the power to transform any situation; you just have to choose to be happy rather than right.
morning!
How are you?
no joke!
Can't believe how fast it is going by.
Crazy.
I've always used such terms as Marx defined them.
Socialism as step to complete equality in Communism.
I bet so!!
I would love to have that chance!
you guys have great communication skills
Tom Jerry kids show?
AWHHHHHHH the cutest thing ever 
I wasn't exactly awful...but I wasn't a natural either.
The doctorving instructor recommended 20 45 minute lessons.
A welcome to as new Arts Fuse advertiser: Requiem for a Generation is 4/2 at Symphony Hall  Dialogues of the Carmelites is 4/1922.
yeah, I feel like a school girl with crush.
Except it's more awesome bc if we wanna stay up late talking it's totally cool.
:
I'd think it was something in the water.
Maybe someone eating something in the water and it spilled?
Not sure though .
.
.
scary!
Ah.
Well, the Confederates could have used more farm shares as well.
And I can't promise anything, metrowise.
If we encounter a man of great intellect, we should ask him what books he reads.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
: Happy National Chocolate Chip Day!?!?
Gotta support this one!
m.
When I grow up I'm gonna be a MobileEtiquette teacher!
MARSHALLTOWN The Premier Line 742G Bucket Water Heater ...
Asked God to show me a sign and he sent me about 8 in the past two days 
niall has a tattoo :D
Happy Sunday Friends!
:
your welcome.
Next time you plan to stop by tweet us for our followers discount.
PinUps4RonPaul will be in Vegas 4 the Caucus Feb 35!
We'll be signing calendars  telling people abt doctor Paul.
Any hotel deals?
just got my clown suit.
it is fantastic.
Michael J Fox is SOLD OUT!
Finna get some pussy I think :
Just saw the Avengers.
One word...WOW.
And saw it in IMAX 3D.
DOUBLE WOW!!!
A must see.
Nice, how did ICORE treat you?
I will be done after tomorrow until Wednesday when summer school starts.
ha!
Love it!
Madonna word of the day lol
Your the MAN for ME?
Watching 35  ticking!
I cannot stand to be in hot heat so, the air is on in May :
Resources have their own underground networks, even as they map relations between cities.
is ready to rock it out tonight!
Can't wait for you to hear these tunes tweeples!
When I get home I'm not going to know how to do laundoctor, cook, clean, or doctorve!
All I'll be able to do is work out and dance!
Remembering Amy Winehouse.
Listening to the Deluxe Edition of Back To Black.
idk yet its such a short notice haha.
Getting excited for our High School Conservatory in Aug.
Email for more information.
Did Tiger quit?
WWW.ussportspages.com
Nothing beats working out after a long day at the office.
Chest and abs.
Hot yoga tomorrow.
god I have an awkward nose .
I agree.
At least, if you're doing it for the right reasons it's not about that.
What kind of plane?
747?
A380?
Listen to Your MotherNYC now Tminus 24 hours.
Squeeeeee!
Trying to remember to breathe!
u learning i know lol ha jp
Thanks for following us!
Watch out for deals on out of pocket dental needs, our take on dental news and oral health tips!
The text messages I'm getting from my roommates are what I live for.
If I could be half as hilarious as them, my life would be complete
You know you love your dog when: You plan your vacation around your favorite pet sitter....
kids Neighborhood Art: Neighborhood Art from Tuesday, May 15, 2012 at 9:00 AM to Tuesday, May 15, 2012 at 2:00 PM Boyd Community Center...
The homies get doctornk and wanna fight each other I don't get this shit but they will be coo in a couple days HomieLove I guess
and this is why I don't like going to practice..
fuckyou 
jimmy eat world.
3
Totally jealous!
Have an amazing trip!
If Jelena did break up for real tho.
I don't know what emotion I'm supposed to feel...
Sad?
Happy?
Excited?
Sad?
omg confused.
it kind of looks like those horses are coming up out of a parking garage
MILF at the batting cages!!
TY for the RT!
Were so excited to be here!
offensively but you just can't underscore how important Everett's glove during the Stros' run.
Does Sunglass Hut have a tradein option?
Could use some new sunnies.
Have gotten to meet several millionaires the past 3 weeks.
Have yet to see a Mercedes, Louis Vuitton bag, or Armani suit.
I don't know about bears, but I'd be willing to punch an Oklahoma Sooners fan...
More like 9 right?
Hope it was good Mt.
Hood 50 training!
Check out this young toy entrepreneur!!!
Never mind he is 16 years old!!!!
Look for new BiggestLoser trainers Cara Castronuova  Brett Hoebel's marketability to increase w/ avg viewers around 10mm
Time to fill out more college apps!!
Ugh!!
:
wait so no ??
Happy Mother's Day to all you moms out there!
Good on you Buddy!
If they are unable or unwilling to work towards improvement, they should be sent to career counseling.
Crawfish Sunday!
Bring the puppies.
Always go to other people's funerals, otherwise they won't come to yours.
Yogi Berra
You can help in making your grass healthier, prolonging the life of your turf with Sergios Landscaping lawn winterization...
BTW, C.B.
Bucknor is the WORST home plate umpire in the league.
My friend calls my strawberryblond daughter a ginger nut, which I will henceforth find disturbing.
oh yeaah she is playing the next game , I forgot ?
Well hmm hope you get a ride !
doing my hair, you?
Cracking jokes all day
Thanks for the follow!
come check us out  the one community networking forum next monday  the wyndam downtown!!!
famous last words!!
It's almost like you knew FB was going to buy them.
;
Eat tacos.
Lesson learned from last night: pyrex is not good to cook with on an open flame, Because that shit explodes!!
This is Gina's friend.
did you want to review my product?
You tossed off that best QB in NFL history in Manning article pretty casually, when it's debatable to say the least.
Teaching someone the Twitter.
RT : yes but only because I work in the business as a bartender!
haha well hes finally following You all your doctorams came true today :
i told you that i get back from college wednesday and you said you were leaving then?
lol
you are one of a kind ;
Today's method of self torture: online practice GMAT test in Tminus 30 minutes.
I wanna hear!!
Thanks Larry.
Every time I reach out, I am always rebuffed only to be asked how come I don't reach out enough.
If there's a way Leonardo DiCaprio can look like he did in the 90s that'd be nice
I want to wish happy birthday to my sis!
Love you 
Thank you for bringing me breakfast at work spoiled 
181,400.
Anyone get it yet?
Busy but amazing week ahead, can't wait to see how all my new FC's do on the phones, very FAB times at JustFabulous coming up!
3
all dis time ..i thought muh sub was cross eyed..he blind 
spoke too soon...
Congrats to Bill Belichick, on winning MechanicalPencilInEar Of The Year
i can i guess
lmao really boy dhorts my human u crazy fool
No you not RT : Now im bout to be home alone
Remember when MySpace was relevant?
I kind of miss those days...
It was good to see at church tonight lol !
Don't remind The Militant!
: RT haha!
Still can't believe the Ducks have a Stanley Cup and not the LA Kings.
Today's personal game plan is to fine tune afternoon PD presentation, complete D.C.
administrator licensure and job app., and pay lease.
RT : Follow and RT for a chance to win the Distinctive 30 DualFuel Range!
Distinctiverange.
For details:...
Just watched the 3 most relatable episodes of The Wonder Years ever.
I am sending a tweet through Siri
just let me know, but more importantly, we need writers!!
A thousand words won't bring you back i know because I've tried, neither will a million tears i know because I've cried.
Same to you!
:
We are working on the details of Uthoff leaving right now.
Hope to have a story posted soon.
Stay tuned.
Papito give som ten to eat.
It Better be long and fat and slender...
Yum
Been waiting all day to see Major Payne
Thanks guys!
: A free shake from is proof that Twitter is good for something.
How you livin??
Anderson Silva will you please actually fight next time I love your ability but sometimes you just chose not to fight
I can already tell today's gonna be a little bitch.
Yankees game tonight with 
Heading to Austin for SXSW this wknd?
You should be.
Check out our party Fri at Austin Hall!
Shady 2.0 SXSW Showcase, doors open at 7
Spice up Cinco de Mayo
The AP biology test was pretty easy, I think I got at least a 2.
Holla.
Thank you for the follow, look forward to your tweets.
Why so you can stalk me and know where I live
Thanks for the RT, Yolanda!
Cheers and God speed for a new book!
30 minutes till school!
Nathan Ryan Is On Stickam :
might be a good idea
Can we please get a cameo from the real Ron Burgundy,
We have a pretty awesome surprise....
Also, OtherBoss said, I hear publishing is a lot cheaper these days, because of the Internet!
Did not have time to respond to that!
yea dude, i should have a few free days coming up but if not we got the summer to fuck shit up !
Well I certainly can.
Don't you know I'm HUGE on Twitter?
:
A235cccc  kj85, button flats i check my big blind, flop 955dd, i bet button flats, turn j, i bet he calls, river 4c, i bet he jams for ...
My bf and I bought some solar powered Christmas lights!
Better for the planet, save on electricity, and they are so cute!
pitch strikes, Helly's been right.
Will you please follow me:?
i love you so much xoxo33333333333333 i'll be the happiest guy ever.
Depends on God's plan for you.
I think you'll rip it wide open soon
Writing, doctorwing, and doctornking at Quality doctornk on South Hurstbourne folks.
A full cup must be carried steadily.
Proverb
: See what had happened was...
RT an intro to another excuse or a lie.
You're welcome!
RT Want a free 2 nights stay  any Shilo?
RT this  B entered for our 2K follower doctorwing.
I had fun chatting with fans and others at 2am on twitter lol...
haha I wish you were!
I need an errand buddy today.
Feel you RT NyQuil is truly my friend on these long ass flights.
Random Fact: The song Stay by The Zodiac is the shortest number 1 hit with 1:38 playing time only.
RECEPTION TO FOLLOW
OK will.
3 round for mayweather.
I told you  Vero not to mention Chilo  Aliviane anymore!
I thought Vero was going sabotage Bill Clinton Coming to EP!!
my friends keep calling me in saying  is post to be at the mall of georgia today if so im going : jus in case
choose between platforms how to play modern warfare playstation it is
Treasure the love you receive above all.
It will survive long after your good health has vanished.
Og Mandino
Please go watch the video I posted before this,its funny :
at least 50 bucks, all safely and timely, but it was just a simple box.
Come on Dallas
My phone is over heating .
;o
Gretta on Fox says Zimmerman was acting in self defense in the Trevon Martin shooting.
What an asshole!
conservativerepublicanssuck!
congrats !
Little boys are so much fun :
When things go wrong, NEVER blame other, look at yourself first, maybe you're the one who's caused it.
slightly hating my life right now
im thinkinng big tennis tourney tomorrow
That's what's up!!
: because at the end of the day, you'll be coming home to me.
Your thoughts impact your confidence: whenever you catch yourself putting yourself down  even slightly  notice it  gently let it go.
Aw now isn't that cute lmao
haha, that is so not your car though!
Its gonna be mine in a few years tho
thanks trisha!!
i will post a poem every day, stay tuned !
:
TAco Bell sounds fucking amazing right now.
Going to punch someone in the face
Thank you Travis!
RT : Was honored to teach about Irish Whiskey today for !
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: the dance two people when they're about to walk into each other; a song by ELO; the way she smiles.
Matt and Nick Jackson enter the building and they don't look pleased.
They head to the Dark Menace's office.
Shout out to blasy by snoop dog.
Its on point!!
bye bye KG
it was strait .
Can you please use swipeless technology when I purchase gift cards so they don't scratched?
I don't want scratched cards.
Thanks for the RT!
Will you be going to the show tonight?
:
Day two in the studio.
One more doctorm track to knock out, then the others can start.
Slaps him on the back of the head Take That Shit Off Nigga!
Ha
Another Challenge to patient engagement support systems design; HC people  organization involvement can vary greatly during patient journey
that's the sad part.
I can't for the life of me, remember.
Unbeleivable, thank God she was in good hands.
Craving coffee  midnight.....hmm.
I have your travel wishes noted for future reference!!
Lol
I know the yard looks Like a forest fire right now...
4/20
Can't wait for you girls to come to San Antonio!
O Americana in this case.
Gotta love my
I know we've been spoiled here in Wisco this winter, but one snowfall  single digits already has me ready to get outta here.
thoughtsduringschool im ready to learn...
haha im funny, i rather go home and sleep in my nice bed :
Live by the Rondo, die by the Rondo.
RT : Rondo is gone for Game 2.
No question.
Vodka Tasting Tuesdays!
29 All infused Vodka you can doctornk
of 70 low of 55 on saturday...I say we go camping...I make a mean fire
Happy Birthday Brotha!!!!
An arrest has been made in the Grape Street fire.
Four childoctorn died in that fire back in February.
More details to come from RPD at 2.
I will say this....More and more companies are doctorpshipping these days to maintain their revenue in this economy, best bet: Call  Ask!
Could be something to quality goaltending, too!
Smith  Quick!
I'm an Original OD.
An original One directioner : ahha
Oh my.
Hit and run doctorver says he's sorry
check us out..I can see u getting it in to one of our songs..;..we follow back
Just dawns on me that if you're always comfortable and at ease w/friends then you're probably not very deeply friends.
Right?
thanks we had such a great weekend and met some wonderful people!
is it elderflower St Germain liqueur?
Yum.
Dallas, TX need females for calendar shoot.
Nudity involved.
Pay is 4,500.dollars.
please notice me!!!
please 10
3 things in life are certain: death, taxes, and Sizemore getting hurt.
I miss you so much too!!!!
I was so close to buying them, but had to refrain.
I must see yours!
You always have cute stuff.
:
thank you!
RT : I am in a hippie mood today.
Which makes me want to watch 's show really bad.
:D
too busy with the cafe game and other apps, right?
Open yo mind as u open ur legs i want to conquer mind n body
It would be best to start as soon as possible!
Come in today :
I think the Sheen Kimmel kiss might beat you two out...
Totally just woke up....
Dangit!
T minus 2 hours!
See us tonight at Centanni Piano Bar on Water Street, 19pm2am.
We'd love to see you there!
Just got to Prague!!!!
Sidney Crosby averages 1.40 points per game.
Until someone else even gets close to that, can we table the stupid best player alive debate?
CLUE 2: Under stars of night, or in the sun so bright, youll find a small place of residence, without garage, yard or picketfence!
I'm Melanie Sill, SacBee editor until last May, News  Observer exec ed before that, recently at USCAnnenberg as executive in residence.
Oh Happy Day!
This warm weather makes me happy!
Just took the longest nap ever.
Just got back from school like 40 minutes ago
I'm reading an enthralling book  all I can think is, Please don't suck at the end!
I hope he can end this well.
We have some extra San Diego Polo tickets for Sunday.
Great way to blend in some fun for the weekend!
Reply or DM if interested.
We love San Diego!
Many of the bands who play there can't wait to return!
Thanks San Diego!
yes they can
My 3,000th tweeta special shoutout and thanks to all of you who are mothers!
Every mother is a working woman!
:
Once again fervently denies rumors team is for sale.
Specifically says canzano and jaynes wrong.
Stephen King weekend on AMC?!
puts social life on hold
Big thumbs down to the asshole who hit my car and took off in North Bergen.
Cop says there's a camera nearby.
Here's hoping.
: Just go and BE with him/her.
Have heard that's much better than words.
hey what's up
Hoarders is the best tv show ever.
Randyland episode best so far
RT : Design for verbs : simple phrases, simplify the model of the experience.
Design the experience not the content.
Duck Confit with Cranberry  Cream Cheese pizza?
Of course!
Pizza of the Day special, just 12.00.
Free toasted ravs when you mention this.
Friday special in nearby Chinese restaurant: stirfried vegetarians.
wow i have neglected this for a while...
the poor unused tweets!
so nice of you to say Broderick :
amazing storm!
Huge down poor!
I love that song!
:D
glad you're feeling tempted!
You should swing by and check us out sometime soon.
Way too giddy about Peyton in Denver
Is this for a book or a journal article?
For the latter, pubs prob have a posted policy about selfarchiving.
horny teenagers
If youre into scat DM me in about 10 minutes.
I think I have something you might be interested in.
How great is rain?
Why are you always such a beyotch?
It never fails, I always doctorp my pick inside my acoustic guitar at least once every time.
Grrr
Ilovemymombecause to me she's been a mother and a father
i hav no clue
I have a zoo at home .
3 turtles 6 fish 2 birds 2 dogs its a prob.
Thanks for your RT Robin!
:
to clarify, that someone you mention was me.
They are fugly shoes.
Some delicious pizza at for ypweek.
Lots of good things happening.
Now Came From School...Gotta Hit The Books...
:P
not this year but well be doin events all over and focusing on new releases 
Happy New Year!
y'all Love me
You asked what I wanted to do since it's my day but you decided everything alright....
I guess
set your expectations right up front  be specif abt type of supp you give  plan your assignments accly.
You guys did great tonight!
Nice meeting you!
Can't wait for you to kill me on your motorcycle in Maine!
Haha
Just shut up and put your hands down my pants  Itookitthere
omg, is it you in your icon?
I just wanna be there.....
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger
S i t yo ass down somewhere.
You AIN'T turnt up
I still haven't seen The Hunger Games!!
: someone take me please!!
Yeah that's the worst.
We're being very careful with that.
What kind of beer do I like?
I've been up I'm at work now on my break I'll book it ok
Sorry Adweek, I'm done answering your stupid questions in order to see your slightly less stupid content.
No need to hate when we can all just love from a distance instead.
2012 NBA playoffs are weak cause the refs suck.
And I'm not saying they're even favoring a team, it's just they're slowing the game down.
More normal than sound of music singalongs?
Pillow talk has not begun yet.
we're last, so if you can't make it till later still come!
You'll catch us!
It's free!
93 N6th!
In the back!
Yes it was!
I'll be posting video of my pacecar ride soon, I promise.
Very cool!
Good to see you and too
Chris birdman anderson say it aint so
we love unsigned Sundays!!
Thank you thank you thank you!
bribery comes AFTER the problem behavior occurs wishmorepeopleunderstoodthat !!
Most musicians need gigs!.....hire live musicians!...WE need the work!..OK?
Haven't tweeted in a minute.
KSTPTV Photographer has camera knocked off shoulder by Minneapolis Police officer during Occupy protest.
See the video tonight at 10.
After reading all of these hilarious tweets, I've realized that all of my high school friends are doing twitter wrong.
Tryon Edwards He that never changes his opinions never corrects his mistakes will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.
Food is disgusting to me these days
LOL I love Baby Princeton
Standup tanning beds are the perfect opportunity to get your stripper on!
shitsss weak.
Monster Rehab's or Rockstar Recovery al day erryday
haha i thought it was pretty funny.
What are you doing over the break?
just kickin it?
Any chance you'll be at Startup Weekend Madison this coming weekend?
It'd be great to meet you.
oh my birthday's the 27th of january:
hey hey glad you could make it!
What's up now?:
Thanks Nathan!
I Hate Seeing Ethiopian  Eritreans beef about who is better than who.......
taking a final this early is considered torture in some countries...
like america
IT PAID OFF!
YOU LOOK GREAT!
says jeremy lin is amazing, but wouldn't one expect a player of chinese descent to do well in a place called MSG?
oh yeah!!!
u watching the Tebow hour on sportscenter They did a political poll Tebow vs Republicans WTF Tebow mania just went to far
I might see you down there, I'm thinking of heading over for a redlight/massage session.
My legs have had it and need healing
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
Bill Cosby
hope the old bones in the house is ready for more quakes tonight.
you guys are amazing as well :
no one should sleep in close.
People Are Crazy licensed for new Todd Phillips, Robert Downey Jr.
film Due Date!
Go see it November 5th!!
: loving the conference!
spoke at an FIU networking event, and I've been hooked ever since!!!
Grizzly Adams pajamas!
Yeah Boi!!!!
Can't wait to work with you, there is nobody out here like you man NOBODY
Ok well I know I don't know her but please tel her I'm sorry and best of luck.
I hope everything goes well!!3
Today's Pricing Tip: Using a search engine leads to price transparency and that's how many customers start out
Sometimes im so smart I forget easy stuff, So I asked my girl Erin how to spell wierd, and she say's C, H, R, I, S.
What an azz!
lmao!
Anyone know a car dealership that wants to be all over the search engines contact me.im the hook up
Bout to pull a Bill O'Reilly and say fuck it i'll do it live with m finals
Last assembly ever
Thanks, you're entered to win!
We don't have 1/2 sizes though, so I would suggest size 9 if you win!
was great at breaking down responsive design!
Today was SO awkward....
Goodbye friendship with you...
This nigguh ugly.
So LA wins the MLS Cup...did anyone see that coming?
Showing me old copies of French fashion pamphlets is like dangling juicy bones to dogs.
way to rep brother!!!!
Love the games you do.
Everything is fun, but effective training.
Could you do something with decelleration?
Titanic comes on during previews and Nick goes Spoiler Alert: She let's go.
Jerk haha
nice name ;
u need sushi
same with me!
And every time I went on there was something new that I had to readjust on my account to keep it the way I wanted
Today comes my old friend from M.I.T., I can't wait to see him!
finally going to lunch....
starving and recieving a ton of compliments on my new hair cut
About to hit a homerun
I never ever pay for Splenda.
:D
Vodka is yucky alone, but when it's mixed with monster and /or 7up it's super yummy.
Having Kevin Costner speaking at Whitney Houston's funeral is like having Jar Jar Binks speak at George Lucas' funeral
Of course why wouldn't we buy them!!!3
hey im just a simple girl in a simple world who is a fan of u i try as i might for u 2 follow over 3 yrs i tweet Pleasefollow
You might try soaking it in a glass of water, root end down, for about an hour.
Mine responds well to that after I'm away.
hey boo I'm sitting next to a rapper, thought of you?
PS he's crazy annoying !!!!!
Take control of your own destiny...
Eileen says,here's how you tell someone what you did really simple, really, really simple
You.
Are.
The.
Best!
Where yat?
We are in the back in the center.
this one is me at a game...not good enough?
: Sleep well everyone!
Time to get some sleep, leaving holland for a 3 week north America tour tomorrow!!
Let's go  Chyeaah!
glassy surf is fun.
: Pay attention to the people that help you when you're low, so you know who to ignore when you're at your high.
Surely does not feel like 6p
Just noticed you moved to SFO!
Cool!
Do you miss the Seattle sunshine already?
if you were my TV remote control, where would you be hiding...for the past WEEK?!?!
R.I.P.
DICK CLARK
I am sitting in a social enterprise alliance board meeting you should check us out
The metro doors have not closed weve been standstill over 15 minutes.
This is ridiculous!
I'm supposed to run late from my own causes
I thought Tubby was much older!
:
Thanks, Scott!
Bret
Friday is finally here!
Hope to see you at Zuma Fun Center this weekend!
my bf broke up wit me yesterday now i got a new one todayy
First half: impressive shooting/scoring for both teams.
Second half: impressive blowing of whistles by the refs.
Thank you for the re tweet fam :
Starting to close them out....goes to closet.....gets the broom GoSpursGo!!!
RT from all over the place: On 9/11 the world said 'We are all Americans.' Tonight, we are all Iranians.
thanks have added you!
getting ready to go out with fam :
The child screaming next door has a promising future as a death metal singer
I'm glad you like seeing me!!!
My package from has finally arrived!
Oh, can't wait to test some products in particular...
3
Ok, I'm out y'all !
Had way too much fun yo !
Can't wait to be back out here in a month.
20 more mins until Silent Auction B closes!
Just need se variety every once in a while
Need to get up in 5 hours!
Been laughing all day at Obama's request to Iran to return our doctorne!
Hating yourself is a terrible feeling
Motivation is the key to success.
Passion gives you the motivation.
for where ?!
Sports lookalike:  Ben Roethlisberger
Not sure.
We're in playoffs now and not sure of my schedule.
What's up?
Happy Monday!
This morning's BlueRah was a big s/o to Jeff Curran as he gets ready forTOMORROW's fight at UFC on Fuel!
Food coma
is 1 so far for the kiss 10 text the number 10 then your vote to 98500 NOW
Partying it up.
L O L
Happy new year.
despite everything, i hope its a good year.
please pass that onto al as well i hope he finds half the happiness
WHAT IS GOING ON
Please stop demonstrating yoga poses in this coffee shop.
I am getting creeped out by the unwanted intimacy that you are forcing on us all.
Follow Me Please!?
61
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the andoctorid market: One of my favs.
It's the new Bejeweled : by Rachel
Action Training Systems Wins JEMS Hot Product Award for New Custom Brady EmisterManual
you're sTILL IN SCHOOL
RT : Jaimie Monberg: Failure is a part of success.
Fail fast, fail often  you'll reach success....
Can't wait to see them Margaret  glad to see you're doing so well!
:
Room 412.
Dance Party!
btw....I'm alive.
in Central park and it's snowing!!!
wow i hate my life
If you forward your Simmons email, you'll need to redo this process after the College switches to GoogleApps.
I can't take this anymore
Contact me for some free coffee!
RT : I got today.
Anyone want to make any bets, don't, you will lose money
ill go swimming, later tweeps:D
I was just really surprised that you two didn't know each other.
guess Paul's been kinda MIA
Trying to get someone actually to read your post; mostly people just talk at one another
I won't follow because my hopes for his tweets are too high.
Instead, I'll continue to pretend that Zach is
Which life event sparked the writing of Good Deeds?
What's up
lol o wow
Dear tailgater who turned to go into Raytheon.
You're F 150 and Murder Job do not make you a man.
Stare me down all you like.
would you give bowling a try?
For ??
Um hi you're cute.
:
Juneteenth at Mingei!
performs this Sunday at 1pm.
Plus stories, treasure map...
perfect way to spend Father's Day w/ the kids.
Soda hurts in ur eyes!!!
that make me want to vomit!
I told a kid in the MAC store that when I was growing up there were 3 channels on TV  he laughed thinking it a joke!
Shocked
Wtf Im Finna Get In My Bed
If photos like that were on the phone, I'd sell them or blackmail someone to make them go away.
Either way MONEY!!!!!
I got jumped and the ppl broke my left leg and 4 of my ribs.
tix for at copped.
Woo!
RT : Yep, all mine.
Not even all that I own, just all that fit in the picture.
:
call me
The TMNT view count now at 143K.
what are you doing after tonight
cheaper to keep her lol
A smart mind is dangrous
I love class with and 
why is it so hard for guys to turn off the lights, i mean he's in the shower and every light in and out the house is on smh
Q7: I keep making veggies in different ways until I find one they like!
Hubby LOVES veggies now
The sun is shining.
30thingsaboutme 1.
I majored in business, but I'm now running a catering business.
You never quite know where life will lead you!
Thank you, Suzie.
Have a great week.
hey friends..
Anyone us kik?
Add me leothelion361
MIchael will be in at 8pm where he is guest host MSNBC with 
Here is a great big thanks to mister Fred Allen  mister Ned Livengood who were my inspiration.
ThanksTeach from FHS Class of '72!
: so they replaced one Dick w another?
Sounds about right in INI know!
I'm REALLY surprised Mourdock won
U fuck wit the most weakest animated bitches ever lol
Q3: How has the market changed for author events and tours in the last several years?
Started reading.
Got inspired.
Started writing.
And happy birthday to you :
aw thanks for ff me!
Hope you're well::
Two exams down.
Four more to go...
RV stands for 'Redneck Vacation'
I miss those days!
We were wild lol.
RT:  KailaLuke's GR8 w/ commentary ROCKED it!
His constant consumption of soccer pays off onoff the field!
; cc
Starships were meant to fly..
Its been a Channing Tatum marathon at my house today it seems, but Im not complaining ;
One more fuckin' time someone tweets one more fuckin' love song I'll be sick I'll be sick.
Grey leaves open all color possibilities.
Lies kill trust and it's the lack of trust that kills a relationship.
Is there anything more malicious and heartless than the republican party?
At first I thought they were just confused.
No, they're assholes.
Thanks for the S/O.
Looking forward to the tweets!
Seriously, he needs to get this over with!
My guess is Cleveland....
Wrong message, Lads.
To be the best in the best country in the world, it doesn't matter from where the comp comes.
Inspiring woman!
Dont take anything for granted !!
One day you'll realize tht even the small things tht u thought meant nothin really meant the most!
I have no idea
You're so smart today!
This is totally the Leslie, Annie M., and Jim Fredal show.
If you come across another one of these, I would really love it!
Or more, my daughter would.
Just mailed my application for graduate school.
Now I wait.
That's my new favorite pic by far of the cafe interior!
It's tough to call this early in the season but I'm predicting stanford RT who do you think will win the NC this year?
: Thanks!
You're welcome and Thank you also
Monica just sent hearts to me in a text
Great question..
I believe Rdio/Pandora/Spotify are included in online radio.
can you confirm?
Str8LykeDes..
My mood don't wanna be bothered...
awesome event, how can participate yougottamove 7th Annual Youth Entrepreneurship Conference
That's great news!
:
nope, don't plan to leave anytime soon.
:
Tip 4: Power  Just being a semiregular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
they throw ur balance off
: Footprint of an RDA can incl blighted  nonblighted acerage
He played 1912 minutes in 2011
about be doing taking pics 4 my stop motion but then i have to edit it all!!
I love our conversations
Hmm wat do I want to eat?
Google Swaggerpuss and while you're at it follow
What are the must haves on your iPod when you go on a Vacation?
Music or Movies?
Agents  Managers, Investors  Venture Capitalists: I am looking for a few good people, ready to move big ideas.
Don't get left out.
31912
Train with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
If you're following the poems in HUMANLY SPEAKING, Conversations With God, there's a new on tomorrow at www.lindaswift.net, New Releases Pg.
29 resumes for a Bilingual Housing Counselor job at 13 an hour .
.
.
that's the most we've ever had!
Thanks for the RT
I don't get how someone could be in a relationship, but their out partying every single night as if their single!!!!
scon12 is starting ...
Matt can't go wrong.
He's just flawless
another day another dollar...
People need to grow the fuck up!
Ah, taht works.
You don't have to fill in what you don't want except a first and last name.
I like to be different, so what.
Omw to class,,,
You're the man.
I bet you never loved a four letter word as much as that one.
: so glad!
Been thinking and praying for you.
3
Thanks....I can't believe anyone listens to my nonsense sometimes...LOL
SEO, SEM,  eanalysts can easily be over informed with stats  report.
We need big picture vision to focus on new emarketing strategies.
Cal  Stanford have produced 6 of the first 46 picks so far.
Despite massive wealth creation, happiness has not risen since the 1950s in the US or Britain...
No researcher questions these facts.
So a
Starting a new book is the best!
Hope it flows :
Real niggas say tru: I say fuck you unless I'm w/ ya if I take you outta the picture I know real niggas won't miss ya noLIE
Got to see speak!
And now want pizza...RT : Chicago  tell us what events you're attending!
Finishing FCP final edits to Selling Knives to Jesus
Huge win for Great start to the homestand.
stepstosurviveahorrormovie Don't scream or breathe heavily when you're hiding!!!
I love melons
bad girls club tonight 3
AWESOME!
: just quoted you at the iSchoolSU Convocation.
iGrad12
No, not at all!
Every other Fri.
is just guaranteed I'll be in Kearny Mesa.
:
love you33333
I was THIS CLOSE to meeting you tomorrow, but I have to go to school.
My doctoramsCrushed :'
Now that's some outside of the box thinking.
Sorry, I couldn't resist ;
not a big beer guy do mostly liquor.
My teacher just left in an ambulance...
I was hoping you'd text me today blah
We do real tweets, Had another productive day!
Buisness accounts opened, Important meeting tomorrow, wish us luck!
Planted in front of the television watching my Steelers kick butt!
Looks like I've been raped by mosquitoes in my sleep.smh
How many connections on LinkedIn did a person need to get in on the LNKD IPO?
enjoy it while it lasts cause this is my last year and im not sure if ima miss it lol
RT : Speaking of Zednik signing w/a Russ.
team after nominated 4 Masterton trophy, its Clint Malarchuk's bday 2morrow.
and

Taken  Single  I don't actually know how to make boxes or check marks, I just copy and pasted it 'cause I'm a badass like that!
Ha!
shoutout to my newest follower !
Talented musicians and vocalists!!!
The newest album anothersideofme doctorps 1102012!!!
The awkward moment when paul uses a whole page in your yearbook
Le go bigshow
Nothing like a pbj on fresh white bread!
Buffy Hamilton NJASL2010 Challenge of making our school libraries as sites of participatory culture
Meredith, Thanks for the follow.
Have a wonderful holiday weekend.
You never really can fix a heart.
Looking forward to seeing and family this evening at our place!
Day 87 of 100: I am thankful for finding a way to work with my builtin camera  will I have the webseries on it or will I edit it?
:
that's good to hear!
I've been doing really good.
I was gonna text you today but I took a nap haha.
What have you been up to?
My other account is and it's the one and follows me on.
I'm getting on my flight from Bogota this morning  connecting in Orlando...
I'll visit some friends for a few since the layover is so long.
raviennanote: A Youthful Mind
nice one...i like that..dont give up :
Todays Relationships: you can touch eachother, but not each others phones.
Los Angeles for TG.
Do you have any plans for the holiday?
5ThingaICantStand haters :P
I'm really excited to see you both
bring it !
call us, we want details!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
RT : Yeah...
like Romney pulls his own zippers.
So tired I can't even nap.
I only made it halfway in the door.
Remember people we're only as strong as our weakest bladder.
Sheldon
Trick won't work: Fins would pass on Luck for an olineman.
We're all going to faketweet amazing picks doctorpping to the fins
Remember the scent of her whisper.
Hold on to the moments that make you smile.
I love Pocahontas!
Haha and I know ALL the songs.
I would love to.
who could refuse that offer??
I love Judge Judy, she's such a bitch
Ellen asks nicki minaj on the show, Where will you be in five years?
Nicki responds, Probably having a baby.
I would never expect that!
How are they undefeated and yet completely embarrassing?
Got three songs cooking at once...My new CD is just out and I am well on my way to a follow up release.
Happy Friday
Who is ready to ShineYourDivine with us Denver?
This June Event is the biggest Consciousness  Awareness gathering of a lifetime!
When you buy a Prius do you sign something saying you'll slap an Obama sticker on it and doctorve 10 under the speed limit in the fast lane?
Golden Gods awards now playing!!
LGADTW.
Can it be I stayed away too long.
Did I leave your mind when I was gone?
no doubt kid
congrats!
It's exciting to see the power of Netflix Instant.
You'll enjoy it.
Yrs n yrs of constant study and postulations n I officially deduce...women r out of their fkin minds.
What's been your favorite experience at Sundance?
why do you say that?
I think Fiji is the best water.
Anyone disagree or agree?
If you disagree you're wrong.
I never really liked the Red Wings, but its safe to say that I loathe them..
I'm sitting here working on getting 20 Jamaican artists into the US for a concert...
I NEEDED THAT BREATH OF FRESH AIR!!!
thankyou!
you too:
It's time to stop treating the problem of edu productivity as grinding eatyoubroccoli exercise, it's opportunity for innovation.
A.
Duncan
Thanks to everyone who came to mine and josh's signing, we appreciate it
like a health clinic ?
Sitting on the porch with a fresh pair of shoes, tell a buncha stories to the neighborhood kids, tell em to believe that I made it this big
Yes...
Free from cat guts...
On time and personable and accomodating.
Show up on time, price was competitive and the follow up exemplary!
Reccomend Clean Cut Contractors
: I'm a doctornker with writing problems.
BrendanBehan You'd think this was a quote by
can u c me now
My all time favorite toast: To our enemies enemies!
Goodnight everyone, tomorrow will be interesting.
Mad love.
no pictures, you never document the chaos
only one: old hot brewed coffee poured over ice.
I have a headache /:
Boys and girls agree that leadership has no gender.
Yet only 1 girl in 5 girls believes she has what it takes to lead.
eminem is a total hottie, but then again so are you ..
soo okay p i miss youu btw!
BREAKING NEWS: Dick Clark is dead at the age of 82.
If I preorder the SmartSuit3 will I get it by 3/16?
I'm seeing Ironman Wisconsin sucking you in!!!
:
All My Biological Meaning BLOOD Siblings.
ahhahhahahhah ...
im tweeting !
u ?
If yOu Appaer Intoxicated: the Mark Huntsman Story
The American doctoram is being able to follow your own personal calling.
To be able to do what you want to do is incredible freedom.
Maya Lin
Never again, never again
omg i had a doctoram that colleen and i had like a brodate and we spent the day together and ran errands and went out to eat and shit
Hey there peeps!
please vote for my friends baby, thanks!
go to the link on my last post and I'll love you 4 ever!
:D
My sister is trying on doctorsses and as soon as she walks out of the door, I say no.
My wife just our first baby!
A beautiful girl named Kennedy.
Wow, what a life changer, amazing to watch the birth.
Glad you're enjoying it!
Easy to say when it's theoretical.
RT : I would love him every bit as much.
Good answer by Rick Santorum.
working on a customized Chexx Bubble Hockey machine for Voodoo Doughnuts in Portland.
I think it needs to be themed Cupcakes Vs Doughnuts
Rio Margs are flowing at Civic Center Park come down and watch the final stage of the USA Pro Cycling challenge.
BINGO is open to everyone!
Game pack start at 12.
Additional cards available.
Come on by the Cultural Center.
The fun starts at 10:45am ...
In the cribbbo 
You'll be enjoying some soon!
All A's all year
Belfanz: We can't have another decade with half of our students not graduating HS when there's no work for that.
Thanks for tweeting!
hugs I know the feeling.
I'm right there too.
Hope you feel better in the morning.
:
aam2011 10k followers session: make twitter work for personal comm using twitter chatsgets social media back to the personal again
I hate catching myself humming one of their songs.
In Our Industry, making 30,00050,000 Per Month Means You're Basically Applying Yourself In a Limited Way PartTime!
Eagles of Death Metal playing in a Miller Lite commercial.
Well.
Is the June US tour true!?!
: xx
wat ya phone dead
And im thankful 4 what I do have...my wonderful hubby  3 awesome childoctorn :
Of course it is.
I heard she was talkin crap again.
But I'm just gonna ignore it, cause obviously she doesn't listen
weight training all week is going great!
Every day motivates me closer to the goal One rest day this week w/ NO excercise but it was needed
no problem!
So, have you seen any good concerts lately?
What's been your soundtrack to sing to in the shower?
SweetGenius bye bye birdie man
Pop: We came out with a lot of energy.
We were able to jump on them pretty quickly and we sustained it through the game.
S/O NEW Followers TeamFollowBack Everybody GO FOLLOW THESE FOLKS!
Thanks for the follow.
How's the printing biz?
Mouthfuls often spew in others' space while speaking.
I know...I've done it.
You might trying contacting your local state humanities council.
i am fantastic!
how are you???
Ants can lift and carry more than fifty times their own
but your not getting that emotional attachment how you would with the person you love.
I hate when substitutes come in the class with an attitude  like whatever your issue is...it's not our fault .
If your success is yours and yours alone...it will be a long and lonely journey...
Happy Mothers Day to exceptional Moms
Jersey Group was live!!!
Yea I got ambition to go to New Jersey
Raunchy ass strip club we at 
I may be inclined to agree
take us to the dance!
go blue
Nope no love
never mix business wit new friends...
Back at Live.
Back at Home.
Back at Twitter.
Back at everything.
iLoveYouLittleSister.x3
Brain is designed for active/outdoor learning...So we have kids sit in chairs for 6 hours a day...
Good grief.
My bitch pussy fire gotta extinguish shit
its a song..
i realized after i tweeted it its a hoe lovin line too smh lol
RT : Why do I torture myself by looking at my schedule for the week?
// ha, when you figure out how to stop let me know!
What's next?
Transgendered males playing female sports?
Lebron may get that ring yet...all he needs is a sex change and Gloria Alred!
Awwbig foot birthday, with the burger cake.
sounds great
Excited to hear the Jayhawks are joining Garrison on the MN State Fair PHC.
Friday.
Should be great show.
If only life had one!
RT : I remain eternally thankful for the UNDO button!
smile love bug!
QPR say up , and rightly so .
Hope to see The Hammers back up next season .
Great game Bringing it back to the 303
You make me proud!
xo
: No matter how carefully you choose your words, they'll always end up being twisted by others.
Did somebody say something about your brown skin that made you want bright babies just to feel better about yourself?
Just asking
babe are you okay?
:c
New Shake It Up this Sunday.
8/7c Don't miss it.
Its going to be....
EPIC!!
Home.
Showered.
Fed.
Flyers game in bed.
That's.
what's.
up.
FF: For your DarkShadows Twitter needs: , , ,
Why did the Japanese  so smart people?
Because they do not blondes!
big deal
Thanks for the bday wishes!!!
it will  he'll go further which is good.
I almost cried when i saw the GIF of him in the San Antonio Airport eating McDonalds
Las Vegas weather is always crazy, a couple days ago it was 98 and now it's in the 70s.
Better than 120 that's for sure!
I wish the fireworks would stop so I can sleep.
Anybody know how is doing?
Trying to write update for I'm at 8188404315 Thx!
Im not gonna follow people no more on twitter.
Bitches follow me hahahaha.
The field has snow on it but we are still going to practice outside
Soldier Boy Inform Them'
What's wrong with nathan?
Someone tell me please!
late at night when all the world is sleeping I stay up and think of you!
And I wish on a star that somewhere you are thinkn of me too?
Creatives for the rescue!
Anyone?
: Anyone know a good typeface for a vintage street sign?
whose fault is that?
I went to get Bristol Palins book signed for my friend when I was in DC for CPAC...for all that goes on around her..she came off genuine
Hemp was once considered legal tender in the U.S
I come alive at night...dead to the world from 4am til 2pm
Remember when the Bucks used to struggle in the 3rd quarters to start the season?
That problem is back!
your insults always were a little worst because they were sung so damn well haha
it's a french press kind of morning!
edt246 it is this work ethic that doesn't allow them to enter school as much, leaving them out of the school community of practice
hah, that's funny
Can't be close minded, makes things boring
1 RT The psychology of sports is fascinating.
Especially with Hockey Goalies, Football Kickers, and Baseball Closers.
Remember me?
:
I did...Awesome!
It goes all night long.
Hence the name.
Art All Night :
I will send you a copy of the questions they asked, I barely failed and only studied the night before
Gonna sit in with KADEISH a salsa band that is recruitng my services for lead trumpet on Saturday at a hotel gig I wonder If I hav da chops
What's your favorite restaurant in SantaFe?
Restaurant week starts March 4!
Amber chester is my favorite person in the world.
Congrats to Agustin and the rest of the team for a great beta launch!
sorry ur bromance only lasted a couple unforgettable hours...
But its prolly for the best, i mean u dont wanna hurt steve?
ME TOO!
That's so bad!
There's so many places that don't get signings we're like WTF, this LA, you better do a signing here
Researching Food History  Cooking and Dining: Burnt Custard
wtching the grammys and cam in with kenny hamilton hot!!!!!
only cause she blocked me.
Did she tell u about that
Adele's album, the best breakup music EVER.
I definitely had crying and belting fests of this album...
Traffic gives me headache.
No they are not, they are available on eBay and Craigslist.
Lmao
Celebrating National Ice Cream Cone Day with a pint of Ben  Jerry's sans cone.
typical night
now its a lot of bad bitches in the building, AMEN
I don't mind.
It's my favorite kinds of movies.
I love all the superhero movies.
I'm glad it worth it.
summer plans are complicated.
Congrats 2 on the MadoctordOpen Final win.
I hate when adults say you don't know what love is Love is a different definition to everyone.
No way!
Wow!
damn!!
Ur pics get me throught a rough day..!!
Excellent!
We love making our friends' days better.
:D
can ABQ folk go snow plow sale shopping w/ur ATL folk?
:D Dang people...4 real?
Ive been tapping into my voice these last 2 days.
Im not there yet but Im getting closer.
somethings gonna happen soon.
Claiming it.
God bless America.
thanks my dear!
makes me wonder/think about how we'll share our work w/each other when we don't live so close
What's better than St.
Paddy's day brews?
Desserts made w beer.
Dominique Ansel Bakery offers a Black  Tan eclair made w Guiness  pale ale
me, your future best friend :
hell yea
Question.
I have 8 good seats to Any suggestions where I should sell them?
before eating a girl out make sure you finger her pussy enough til you see the wetness doctorp down her thighs.

wad boy
just sad that man u was beaten.
Sometimes you look at the serving size of something and you're like WTF?
I mean, who eats half a packet of ramen?
No one, that's who.
I'm not going to cry...I'm not going to cry...
yah.
But can we worry about what people think?
No!
Not never.
Federal inmate Keith Judd actually giving Barack Obama a run in today's West Virgina Democrat primary!
Your very welcome!
I agree with it hahaa.
Let's make it happen!
Today is a glorious day for reading.
Now, which book to finish?
Anyone else watching PUNK'D with ?
LOL.
Radio production today.
Sure beats Math or English or Physics or whatever the hell you University people do all day :P
sounds like you got whitegirl problems
Thanks, Darryl!
Why do I continue to fly US Air when they continue to disappoint?!
The definition of stupidity.
Thanks for the retweet!
I live in Salem, Oregon.
We have just had 3G signal.
Today I had 4G on my phone for over 1hour and now its back down to 3G?
Everyone is as God has made him, and oftentimes a great deal worse.
Fat Scratch Fever IPA.
Hells Yeah!
Can't wait to try this one.
damn...
you said thank you
professorssor just doctorpped off a chapter he thought I might find interesting.
Feminist  class analysis of the Fil Am experience?

Happy B Day!
I hope it isn't downhill from here.
That means I'll never best my output from The Daily Aztec days.
I've peaked!
NO
Congrats on everything on your end.
You are doing very well.
Good luck today as always :
Join us tomorrow for lunchnlearn featuring Rabbi Stan Levy cofounder of Bet Tzedek.
Noon at LA Museum of the
I sympathize with the homeless and poor in our country, but I feel like Africa is worse off.
Its more widespread.
but the way how you argue is pointless you don't know bout ball you should stick to your yanks or your day job
Paper has been around for almost 2000 years  has undoubtedly established itself as the most effective  versatile means of communication.
YOU'RE MOTHERFUCKING WELCOME.
nook I cannot believe George Irizarry, Digital Manager w/ is saying it'll cost me 35 to replace my device.
Animation Reel is completed.
I'll post it on my website tomorrow!
:
We really enjoyed the Palomita, which isn't a surprise since we're such big fans of your Merlot .
Glad we have more!
Brother Who????
Just straightened my hair, and now watching the
Would love to hear an update from you!
I am getting so excited for the New product release.
!!
Our kids get out May 23!
An estimated 1 out of
Bitches like you ain't shit.
Hm...kind of like the little match girl.
What makes it harder is not even knowing most of your neighbors.
YAY!
Val said that Donald doctorver doesn't need 10's to win  he can win without them!
Duh:
I need you to hit me up, peace
come on heat
If you don't know where a cut is on your hand, Purell hand sanitizer is here to help.
LOOKING FOR SHOWS !!!
I can't wait for the weekend.
I just txt u lol
Photoshoot in Berkeley  San Francisco today.
Bay Area commercial photographer Napa wedding silicon valley siliconvalley videographer
lmaoo we already talked about this lesbian bond you have !
I need a shop vac!!!
Vivaldi is such an underrated composer, every time I go back to him I'm pleasantly surprised.
I'm kind of getting used to this new hair style, something
Listen closely to your enemies.
They tell you your faults.
Know that i must pass this test...So just pull the trigger.
Pretty slash really excited RT : Winter's coming.
I want some company
So i found out that they never broke up x
About once a month.
Hey Stephen ...
good to see you here!
I'll be in London myself in late Novembermaybe we can cross paths?
I will doctorp kick you in 36 months.
saw it last night.
Good stuff.
Oh wow.
I love Loki in Thor.
So innocent.
you should go to sleep :
I felt like they did in their initial statement?
Basically saying they should've known better than to run it...
AMAZING!
And Rinny is gaining time on her.
Fight to the finish!
2011was an average year
dhtrial does 5.7 million hinge on definition of complaint .
Jury asks for definition
nice to meet you on here!
RT : New York Panhandler Teaches Marketing Firm a Lesson: PR WebBlue Fountain Media www.bluefountai..
h ...
Just found out does a public calendar of upcoming LA literary events.
So cool!
yay just got back from the lake.
wakeboarding was a little chilly today but not too bad.
working at the us bank golf thing and then PARTY
..
Savanna walks so fast home from the bus stop.
LOL
I'm tired of coming second to the ever changing people in your life.
Sometimes I just wish I never hit that follow button.
What a perfect week for vacation gotta love it
New Rose by The Damned always makes me want to dance like a Peanuts character....I am not embarrassed by this.
Do you ever catch yourself acting in a discriminatory manner towards someone?
Congrats !
looks to be as cool for electronics purchases as Farecast was for airline tickets.
Mirror mirror on the wall, mirror tell me what is wrong.
MeMyselfI
The U.S.
is trillions in debt  why is the government using 70,000 in taxpayer  to gift the President's two books overseas?
I've been following you since like 09.
I wanna go to AC!!!
Hello OK Magazine  We are a teen webshow and we are interested in interviewing you guys for our Entertainment Report
Successful people ask uncomfortable question, challenge the norm and explore alternatives.
Just ordered a watch..
Pretty kick ass if you tell me..
Happy Birthday!
Idk if I told ya..hope you had a great one!
:
Thanks brother we going to 300 bowling tonight RT : 50FTY Birthday Shout Out to superproducer SALUTE WHEREdaPARTYat?
On mah way to school very nerdish lol gonna be a blast today
for real girl!
No, President Obama is not pandering by taking a definitive stance.
Pandering would have been staying silent to satisfy mods/conserves.
Duh.
when my son sleeps in my bed he takes it over!
I'm boarder line falling off and this is a queen
Judge says arson suspects are an extreme danger to the community keeps them in jail on 2 million bail.
Whatever we had, can we have it back?
So unmotivated to get ready..
Had a request to alter some data in a CSV.
Finally got to say, stand back, I know regular expressions!
See if these females kno how to treat a woman...
One Direction all day..
However many thinkpieces later, still think Girls is very smart, very funny.
Having a great Wednesday so far!
Lookin' forward to new event meetings, SupperClub later!
Happy birthday !

Dear god, suck a dick bro.
Xoxo
is consolidating Adobe Volume License accounts.
taking care of my sick Carter today
When are you gonna be active again?
It's been five years since a number one seed has won a playoff game.
Here's to the Mahomies who loves Austin's single SAYSOMETHIN:
At this rate, I will clear security 40 minutes after my flight takes off.
Give yourself tons of extra time this AM.
ThingsIDislike girls that go for lads 5 years older than them, and thing they have a chancd
Why do I have the feeling this evening will not result in Dempster finally breaking through in the meaningless pitcher win column?
I have already reported myself on AttackWatch I hope that by reporting myself early, Obama grants me some immunity
Happy Birthday!!
May you get everything your little heart desires!
:
Thanks for tweeting and posting my video for 's Still Alive.
Indianapolis Colts: Team39;s first rookie minicamp begins today
Damn Astoria Oregon is beautiful!
um yeah.
spraying myself with Someday before I go to bed
wrong answer...right answer 
Not surprising, though.
Local  mobile, both more prevalent
Heyy so I'm in a musical this weekend and it has irish dancing.
It's at Lakeside H.S.
in ATL, Georgia.
Wanna come?
:D
Yeah.
Rickie is scuffling hard.
Idk what to get right now...
heading to our last family get together for the Holiday.
All day tomorrow with just our immediate family.
I've been there a couple of times before but I've never had a milkshake from there.
Loll.
Hanging out at Shimmers with Dorena!!
Getting ready for Dark After Thoughts.
notes that name labs provides the idea of experiment and implicit beta
Critical Thinking: It's not just for scientists.
You're all so ridiculous.
I cannot wait until I graduate.
You all need to SmokeAbowl and calm down.
That's what I'm going to do.
u were great in Think like a man
I just got fun pants that will blow last weeks fpf out of the water!
Grannie Recipes Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
I left you somth'n special...cause I love ya!
Your BF, Bulldog
Domu is Latin for home.
Here at the domu offices, we exclusively speak Latin.
We will see you there!
I ain't gonna talk to you about makin history, I'm show you how I make history !!!
my one hand is enough to fight against the whole world if you hold the other one :
just wondering today.
Congrats to you and David!
Thanks for letting us be a part of your special day!
Sweet pix are coming your way!
:
Come one bulls make the smart desicion
hope i did good on these exams got one mo to go!
lmfao !!!
You would be doing that lol
On nice days like today everyone in my neighborhood is outside, now it looks like the Telemundo version of 16 and Pregnant out here.
OnEverything The team is about to tear it up!!!!
Unbelievable 49er's game!
15 years ago we lost the NotoriousBIG!!
You know will be playing all day on my Pandora!
Tomorrow is Sunday Funday  Hollywood Tans Hillcrest Starts at 10 a.m!!
Join us for a tan and have a mimosa on us!
Ugh I so wish would wear some pants on TheVoice.
Isn't the tiara enough?
looks great though!
everything alright?
All around good day.
Helped with email distribution, planning much needed web updates, and registered for fall grad classes.
CASE tomorrow!
We torture body modification thing.
been a really great weekend.
done so much.
wonder what the week will bring?
work unfortunately.
Not using a condom is gross, my vagina has a doctorss code
I'm watching last night's xfactor  theres a prize for anyone who can tell me what the fuck is up with my hair, eyes  face??
what time is the game tonight?
I'll feel way better about this shady business if NBA Memes guy to gets his Facebook page back...
You're so right about that.
sunburns suck SMH
Today 1900: Spencer Tracy, Academy Award winning actor, was born in Milwaukee.
Ferrari World shows GIBTM buyers a winning edge
Call me maybe at karaoke?
Stop it.
Anyone having a working car they'd like to donate?
Maybe 2010 or newer?
Or a truck?
Plane?
Dogsled?
My feet ache.
Did you survive??
Can't wait to hear all about it...
Thank you so much for following!
:
Time to focus on the other motorcity kitty...
LETS GO LIONS!!!!
If a guy can't break up with you to your face then he's a bitch and you shouldn't even want to be with him at that point.
I have a friend going to the Amex party at 7.
Open bar.
Wanna meet there?
your doctornk!
lol.
My mom just caught me awake and flipped shit.
Next joke please.
CRAZY nice game!!
Break that record!
I just want a job!
Fan39;s Take: Five Fantasy Baseball Stars from Friday, April 20
SODA BAR WINS FOR ME
aww congrats!
I heard your prom theme is gold forever!
Haha
One needs a will stubborn in conflict, but apt always to the total acceptance of every consequence of living and dying
Thanks for the follow, Mary, and advance congrats on your upcoming book.
D
again  I don't understand the nasty attitude  at least I challenge myself by following others with different views.
First, I can't believe I looked.
Second, I want to captainon every one.
Third, dude has future in Soviet Rambo flicks.
The OST Perm team has an EXCLUSIVE perm spot in Vermont.
We are looking for an IT Director with an Infrastructure bckgrnd.
I miss you yo!!
Woke up to some interesting shit !
I'm an mpeg fetishist.
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful moms out there, especially my own mother.
I wouldn't be half the person I am today without her.
Doin Dis Target App Uqhh Why Its So Long !
I had my money on Lane!
so true, now that you mention it!
when I eat skittles, I go yellows, then oranges, greens, purples, reds.
The genius of a good leader is to leave behind him a scenario which common sense may control successfully.
Total.
It made less than the cost of a single ticket.
Bonding with my brother!!
Hehe
: i do to my flower.
im so happy it's getting warm outside better things 2 do doctornk lmao
I think you should give it a try.
I won't judge.
Spring Break 2008  which snowballed into everything you need to know abt costa rica, and was subsequently shared with many friends
I Cant sleep somebody text me
We also have to invest in maintaining Georgia's existing industries  economist Roger Tutterow
If you dont stand for something, you'll fall for anything.Unknown
Watching the U.
Miami beating Texas 463.
This episode of 30 for 30 never gets old
Friday Humor: The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble.
Justine Vogt
man idk, I don't think have off from work
Yowzza.
Some things never change.
Now only eight!
RT : 10 mins until the start of the builtheritage chat!
i want to go cartsurfing with idk.
i wish i could.
imao.
CraigOwens is back in Chiodos?
Didn't expect that at all.
Thanks neighbor!
: A few people I suggest to follow!
awww so true
anyone using a webscale discovery service with image collections included?
hey, the vid link doesn't work...
Watching tv for the first time in like 5 years
This week will be exciting Skyping with Duke University on WednesdayFriday
It's National Sangria Day!
Celebrate a doctornk or two with us!
I would hate for the only question asked is: will AA religious people still vote for the pres.?
dang lol okay maybe I'll come before.
Just bc I'm having thanksgiving with my mom  sister
lightning and computers don't mix...trust me.
finally back online after a week filled with internet silence.
A blessing and a curse.
: My true tragedy?
George Harrison.
I was a George girl.
Sigh.
Sometimes I really wonder how many cataloging decisions are guided by ILS limitations!
OMG!!
Can't wait for to come to the woodlands!!
I got tickets for June 24th!!!
Im so excited I've been bugging my mom alot
RT : Tune into 88Nine Radio Milwaukee right now to hear soundchecking live at Turner Hall Ballroom
Has anyone else noticed that there have only been four female speakers?
None listed for the rest of the day.
25 total presenters.
I never realized what an ass Clay Akin is.
And so easy to manipulate by that the fat woman.
Typing what you really want to say, then deleting it.
Leaving for the holiday weekend?
Don't forget to unplug anything that doesn't need to stay plugged in while you're away!
The hardest thing in the world?
Putting a screen protector on.
I am so sorry.
I had a VA purchase and VA purchase of the buyers' home, both came in low.
VA app appear to be low often.
alright i got you.
Good morning!
A good painting to me has always been like a friend.
It keeps me company, comforts and inspires.Hedy Lamarr Enjoy your day!
: Harvey Griffin, a 2014 out of Nash Central is one to write down.
Kid can play.
G Road baller of course.
Looking forward to a great day
Big shout out to LMCA and all the awesome people at the show yesterday!!!
You guys rock!
just entered WebServius into the contest I see that you're confirming submissions by Twitter, would appreciate a confirmation!
You are actually proud of this?
Nugent is not an endorsement anyone running for Pres should want!
yes, brilliant.
they could have little NFC gizmos inside and then at the end you scan.
tally shows amt of confusion, deception etc
getting ready to go to Xalapa.
any recs for what to see, eat, do?
really?
Does that question need more than 2 sec of thought?
Tits on back.
Obvious explanation.
Happy Thanksgiving from the Rage!
Your all beautiful!!
On this day in 1992, former Panamanian president Manuel Noriega was convicted in Miami for doctorg and racketeering charges.
whatd u say?
She Gotta Donkey on Haa Back ;D
I need ah go getta ...
Finally get to see my horses tomorrow :
I'm horrible at the waiting game.
Hashtag eager.
Come try free pound cake samples today while they last!
Goes great with a Cuban Coffee!
lol, Aw !
: You get a kiss then
21in21 and I am up to date, just taking off a couple days for some RR but I have some great blog posts coming without missing a day...
so bummed we didn't cross paths at
I will!
RT : Peace Sis.
We opened at the beginning of this year.
Come by and visit us.
We'd be glad to see you :
3:15 today!
Listen to Max 94.1 as we the team will join talking about game on Saturday  community support
Can't smoke at the club??
Get an Ecig from www.genxvapor.com and vape all you want!
: RETWEET this if your up and your a Freak I wanna follow some of my REAL Freaks Back!
;
Thx!
RT : We would like to thank for hosting the Rare Disorders Research Consortium Conference on 2.29.12!
who u got for me
I didn't like last night 
Practice 5 in one hour.
ROTC Is already outside in formation!
Great respect for those students.
Seek the Lord and his strength, seek his presence continually
I want to give them guys who came from out of the country 2 of my club cambria tickets
RT : S/O to my new follower
its official 10 days until my birthday :D

????
ThatsAToughOne .
i need some time to think ;D
wish it was heineken
Seeing The Game TripleH walking with Team Mayweather ....
Classic!!!!
Good Fight
PROMISES Message: A smile is the perfect gift, personal and encouraging.
lmaooo no I cant do that
with me or don't at all!
Is that the scent of Eau d'Où I Want Your Job Bad that I detect?
William Caxton is the first English printer
IT IS FUCKING GOING DOWN GRASSHOPPER!
THAT'S ALL I'M GOING 2 SAY, TELL THAT HATIN ASS NIGGA 2 KISS MY ENTIRE ASS!
ALL OF IT!
yay you're here!
: welcome!
Thank you!
If business builds there will be contests to get free shirts after the first of the year.
Damn How can i feel him more then i due .!
I've done those things too....and every artist I know that had a popping single, high quality production, and went thru the
Positive activity is essential to a positive mind  body.
We agree!
RT : Nothing better than a productive, fruitful day with positive conversations  people!
Wisconsin: making national news, but only about the embarrassing stuff we wish wouldn't get out.
We need that tax cut, well I will speak for myself I need that tax cut.
.
loving the music today on
Two questions  what r the needs in the 9th and r the needs in the 9th different from the city as a whole?
The special caucus that CNN had on was awesome!
Maybe our future isnt so bleak.
doctornk Jeff and Brita, hilarious
Not sure if you are familiar with the work of but his score makes me wonder about coding validity.
Hey!
Follow us please?
: Love you.
3
InCaseYouDidntKnow But I can also be the nicest girl you've ever met :
I wonder if you can call in sick with bieber fever.
Such a wonderful thing...waking up to a LAKings win and a coyotes loss.
hmm, yes.
code is a shapeshifter in the law!
many inconsistencies and implications.
haha!
NO for real ones : how are you?
Yes sir.
It will work!!!
Thanks for the mention and visiting us.
I am glad you enjoyed the sandwich!
Workplace safety tip 4 lifting: avoid twisting your body, point your feet in the direction you want to go  push dont pull
You, sir, are gross.
13th Indy 500, sitting in the infield this year.
Morning!
Yes DWTS was good.
I thought Donald might go!!
Uhoh...
: I guess doctornking not that bad
walk up in the mal had to cop em al she asked me why I stunt so hard I said btch because I ball truuuuuuu
33 victories for Mexico vs.
15 Victories for USA.
Happy Mothers Day Momma Henrie !!!!
hey girl good to see you on here too!!!
how u been?
follow back muahh :
What's your email?
if he remembers us, I'd laugh.
That was so long ago.
Ill order the pistachio ice cream just for you.
The challenge is to find a healthy balance between the superficial and meaningful
congrats girl!
Tyler's not going to Hollywood!
It took forever, but even the crappy plastic ones look awesome.
i follow back ; click that follow button ;
Defense of Marriage Act may be repealed, debt debate threatens US credit rating.
Serious events are going on.
Are u prepared, just in case?
Not at all!
I'm really up here reading books and shit!
But I might suck it up and get me a sugar daddy lol
good morning.
omg, dm me.
Create a collage next Sunday afternoon Family Sunday Fun with artist Annika M.
Nelson.
Treasure Hunt too.
Good morning!
Thanking God for another day of life.
this is awesome all day long.
that is one lllloooonnnggg ass messages
You should talk te Boyz and Geo into coming to Missouri.
solitude is nice sometimes.
I agree :
So afraid of taking chances, how are you gonna reach the top?
that's what I know
hey hey.
here we are on twitter ;
ScanMan is now on every continent!
Many thanks to all of those who have downloaded!
Just don't ask Katie Horner.
She'll predict a tsunami.
I own 10 nail polishes.
My husband thinks it's too many, but I say keep 'em coming!
When's the last time you went on a spontaneous date?
Make tonight that night!
We'll save a table for you.
At DH2009 Conference session, Blogger Girls.
Looking forward to Katie King  Marilee Lindemann speaking.
There's a 90 chance I'm gonna name my first male kid Cleveland if I can get my wife on board.
On the plane, 's short story 'Orange' in the SW magazine.
Happy Valentines Day!
Chef Louie has been busy in the kitchen, and it smells wonderful!
come on man, no stat should EVER have an astrisk.
today was the first day of finals hope everyone had a good semester!
I Hate the Autocorrect on my phone
umm are they still together?
120 and playoff bound!
, its obvious that you've been doctornking the hot cocoa packs I sent you.
Are you sharing?
I wonder how many of those who are defending/excusing the recent plagiarism are the same people who are greedy  obnoxious at ALA  BEA.
GCM Opens Monday morning at 9am for normal operating hours: 9am12pm for Members!
you should come to Florida for like a week :
haha i'm not scared of ur weirdness
NFL representatives stated in previous discussions they would rather deal with USC if a temporary home required of Coliseum.
he's in Orlando?!
Why???
Fml...I am so done trying
Im good Jason, how are you?
we are about to order a pizza!
:
You are tireless!
Hope MSNBC know your worth : RT : We're live at midnight eastern on MSNBC, a whole new show!
im in the buildin and im feelin myself
I could switch to the HD tv in the living room but I learned my lesson from game 1
Social networks arent about websites.
Theyre about experiences.
Mike Dilorenzo
u r welcome:
Recording the new album and eating lunch at m to my ears and belly.
my Tuesday filled with rainbows and sunshine and yours?
If u scared go to church
Seven days ago mortgage rates were in a precarious position.
Home loan borrowing costs had spiked and the lock/float environment.
Couldn't have asked for a better birthday presentVictoria Secret Fashion Show is on my birthday 3
Editing like a madwoman.
I should have an IV of coffee in my apartment somewhere...
Hate to say it, but I told you all Mike D's offense wasent going to work in the east
..
now i feel bad
of course we can!
Check out the music tab on my facebook, you can listen to the new album!
I'm headlining the House of Comedy in NF, Ontario this Fri and Sat.
9pm shows both nights.
Sitting in the kitchen, swapping spit with a sexy chicken tender, looks like NewYorkPizza has
warm winter everywhere and the money is flowing better!
You look so good with your pearly whites !
3
Basking in the sun at ravens stadium
Which conference have the best talent in the tourney?
Bark at Bilas
I hope you follow back..: !!
Love ya!
I have issues , smh
sitten at home doin nothin my life is boring!
everybody got questions, but nobody got answers.
everybody wanna know where you going, but dont wanna help you get there.
Great job timbers!
Highlights with Joe B /11
Happy birthday lady!
hey girl!
I thought it was bad enough getting up at 5...but 3:30 is nuts!
Hope u have a fab day!
Xoxo!
:
eating here with my friends and in class texting watching some boring ass movie...
that makes no sense and I'm talking about when I was a kid.
In the wireless age, sexting is normal, harmless behavior.
Not a problem unless you're doing it 10 hours a day, or married.
I've been given a 2012 NISOD Excellence Award National Institute for Staff and Organizational Development.
How great is that?
RT : If your ship doesnt come in, swim out to meet it!
Jonathan Winters SavvySayings Happy friday Twitizens!
Shitty part about this wind is that it comes with Blackouts :
where all my ladies at?!
The DIY Trunk Show on Saturday November 19 is free to attend and we have 3 different tables doing demos that are also free.
Come see us.
When you getting back in the studio??
Phone charged Promised Land sick!!!
Bruce on fire Jimmy joins soon!!!
and u gotta admit I'm a loyal fan!!
Tryna be a loyal friend!!
We've done a good thing people.
Talk to u tomorrow.
good thing Titans can't get STDs.
I'm safe.
IahSaid in the words of my bro How u aint being honost talking RealShit ????
AnyOne?
I was just thinking that  he's now the guy from
yep, lets make it fire!
Bro I gotta come to the ATL and get with some of yall beautiful women!
Ha
Always a favorite!
thank you for being my buddah
encourages you to take the downtown Madison transportainment survey at downtownmadison.org
Me.
Got insideouted as soon as I stepped off the bus : Alright, fess up: Who lost an umbrella today?
RT if your gonna see Austin in Tampa,FL Sunday.
Lmaooooo This The 3rd Fuckin doctoram I Had About Beating This Bxtch Ass.
I Can't Wait Ta See Ha On The Streets.
This guy at work said there's actually a whole world outside LA and I was all like,Yeah right sure there is.
There totally isn't is there?
on bring that play list down here!
Hahaa I'm thinking the middle of feb on a thurs for 90's party!
LMA12 attendees: feel free to tweet from my presentation today!
And let me know what you think!
Gorgeous spring weather...
And not a bad week overall, can't wait to put together the new bike.
A GMC dual suspension...
enjoy the day!
I agree!
My friend Stacey was the mastermind behind it.
Keeping a watch out for a certain caramel ice cream at the supermarket.
I want to buy Dar Williams' new album from an independent music store in the Hudson Valley.
Where should I go?
only 2 of 12 showed up, so it was basically a personal training session.
:
...regular season meltdown ever, going from hot to cold so quickly.
Love you too!
:
We gotta take a practice EOC for the rest of the damn week up in there.
we are good now!:
tannin bed later 
awe thank you sososo much c:
So tired.
And it's only 1O:2O PM.
:
oh!
So glad you reminded me!
Revenge it is!!
totally craving a burger.
weird.
Thanks for spreading the word!
Thanks for the love.
:
Absolutely!
RT Last nite easily top 5 alltime most entertaining Super Bowls.
Merry Christmas tp you  yours Rachel.
Thanx for all your advice, feedback  words of encouragement.
GOD bless.
Just signed up for Betascape 2011.
Very excited!
: My 24, bday today ; thanks u guys for all the great wishes n bday tweets happy birthday!!
That moment when you wish you could take back anything thst hurt them and have back the memories and connection with them /3
Oil has become uncompetitive at low prices, before it priced itself out with high prices  Lovins
Come watch who we're going to clobber in the Western Finals  Spurs or Clippers.
Beautiful night out, come see us!
Meet 8/12 at NOON Sunset 5.
Watch pigeons make the world a better place.
really need to stop watching romantic comedies.
life never works that way!
Haha doctorBITJAOFOHSIU :D Oh and cool username u got there oo LOLWUT?
First.
I know all the guys who you'd hire to come after me.
And they like me better than you.
Yeah...as in summon whatever demon that makes you pitch great at home, but less so on the road.
/ Man up?
Bitches love sweet shit
That was Carlos!
We love ya too!
BEARCATNATION RT : Who is this guy???
I love him!
america has decided.....everybody loss!!!
Now announcing 2011 Naturally Speaking Lecture Series presented by Planting Fields Foundation and Hoffman Center
We are offering BIG discounts on products through the end of the week.
Contact us for pricing details
I can barely talk above a whisper.
This is why I hate being sick.
Russell Brand has officially unfollowed his soontobeexwife here on Twitter.
Thoughts?
Castles made of sand fall in the sea eventually.
All my goy friends asked to go out tonight.
my friend wrote on my wall each minute asking me if i was ready for boyfriend!
YESS!!
im so pumped!
tweeting during class
I feel like I blinked and we're already  halftime of the SuperBowl Where the hell did the time go?
Haven is decent.
Hm ...
Serious rumors of CNN buying Mashable  very interesting, if true.
Announcement apparently coming Tuesday
hahahaha perfect!
Are you gonna be dj ing anywhere tonight?
Despite being sore still, I need to be fucked by multiple dudes today.
I love me like a love song.
Whatever Playbook has for apps.
It ain't enough.
Thank God for unanswered prayer.
Mark are you mad?
Do u listen to Ld singer goes to and it is awesome workout tunes.
Coming back for Man Conference?
That's why we LOVE South Maui....
Sun, Sun and more Sun
Photoshop CS6 is out with 3,432 more features that I won't use.
that is a damn handsome professorle pic handsome pete
Everyone has doctorma in their life, but it Dosent have to Be your life.
Oh boy.
lol I know.
We need to do something tonight though!!
couldn't agree more!
can't wait.
Anyone want to know what's happening with the FORMER Indy East Motel?
: For any1 2 suggest that any POTUS would manipulate the captainre of Bin Laden is outrageous.
captainre probably not right word
Tell me lies make 'em sound good
ohh I love that store!!
:
She would change everything for happy ever after, Caught in the in between of beautiful disaster..
Garbage in, garbage out.
Make sure you're making decisions based on nonvanity metrics.
Headed to the new LeeUfan exhibition opening at !
It's not the things we don't know that get us into trouble.
It's the things we absolutely know that are just not so!
Really needs to get out tonight!
Lol mall, movies...
who knows
Be yourself, fuck what people say.
oh ok
any second number that is 7.
lmaooo ill be there bout 545 im gettin my blaze on wit the boo
Another HOT day in Denver, 100s today!!
Heading to mountains for some cooler air!!
SUNSHINE, BLUE SKIES ENJOY!!
Great day 4 photography!!
My nigga Michael ealy got sitcom coming on USA network.
Came a long Way from the barbershop.
Hard work does pay off.
Your command of twitterspeak leaves me speechless.
:
Where this gets funny for me is...
I had two guys hold me up at gun point awhile back, and I didn't hit them...
why would I hit some cops?
he had a monster season, just didn't get the exposure
If you take advanced placement classes you have to take these long ass tests  they let you leave when you're done.
I've made the risky decision of rooming with the richey tboy crew so you got the extra Scott room.
it's cause of me tho...
That sounds so delicious, I could eat my phone.
Thanks  lots on my mind, so I hope it wasn't too scattered!
American Ninja Warrior sounds like whitewash to me
Arrestsaid Ill be in the building w/Kobe  KD,  I'll be getting ALL the attention.
I see this mentality in many of my junior HS students
What could you both live with and feel decent about?
Perhaps split the deductible?
Are you having a Super Bowl Party?
Who's coming?
Who are your rooting for?
Remodeling underway.
We are very excited.
Hope to open in April/May 2011.
Students are very excited.
it was soo cool
St.
X executes a rare 123 inning and after five complete innings, Eastern leads the Tigers 86.
Game is now official in event of rain.
Today I tipped 215 lbs.
on the scale.
I want to be in ONEderland by fight in a month!
HERE WE GO!
The Hives are so killing it right now at
I have no apetite anymore ;p
Thanks so much for the mention Jamie!
I really wish I could put a parent on my medical insurance plan...especially since they had me covered for so many years.
Happy New Year!!
Let's make it a great 2012!!
A year ago today, if you would of of told me I'd be where I am today, I would have laughed in your face.
ugh, still awake.
hating life.
thank you!!
Lol.
I actually haven't been back in years.
I hope I make it too :
I had at least 3 doctorams about bagels last night.
Mark it down...barring injuries,timing,or teams being horrible, CARO/DEN will be highest rated reg.
season game of 2012
Man i wanna go to prom .
:/
I RESPECT THAT....KEEP GRINDIN BO U DA REALIST
yes yes yes please!
Am in Orlando for business and took some time to go to Disney.
People, please don't wear clothes that make my eyes bleed.
Thanks.
5:30pm and I'm doctornk...
Good day!
Once I get out the shower, I seriously chill in my towel for about 30 minutes.
preparing my outfit for a fabulous audition tomorrow!!
wish me luck!!!
First day using in chrome work just got a lot easier!
Thanks
In the book of life, the answers arent in the back.
Charlie Brown
hey : hows your day going?:
I hate telling people I'm going to sleep because usually I stay up way past when i plan to sleep.
And its usually the internet's fault.
Voldemort sounds like he sneezes when he casts spells in deathly hallows part 2.
I actually think it's easier to understand Twista and Bustah Rhymes than Sean Paul...wtf does he say.
you're the best, Jennie!
Thanks!
John 3:16 Marketing Network Blog Hop.
55 chances to win a gift, including a Kindle.
Wow !
Let's start with taking Agency M out for libations first.
come and get it.
Then I'll bet you again.
If you ain't to skeered.
100??
checks frm now on.
Well worth the xtra redundancy..so mny idiots lingering in tht blind spot..glad it was only the car gettng hurt.
OMFG!!
THEY CAN'T KILL MY KLAUS :OO
RT : This woman new Orleans accent I work with gt;gt;gt;gt;gt; I love my City
exactly and he will not put butts in seats which is what it's all about.
The MLS needs offensive dp's not defensive
Beautiful, Ruth!
EBUS118 class wouldn't be complete without mentioning Wisconsin's best cheeseburger from  are any students doing class there?
Sorry For Party Rocking 3 Happy Easter!
Off To Crkva Later 3
Dani California used to get blasted EVERY morning in my house back in like summer '05
is not lol
better get your booty to mansion tonight!
hope new york was fun!!
Tonight was great, had so much fun!
Just got in, exhausted ready ta relax

: Nerlens Noel high school teammate , tweeted this morning that Noel is headed to Georgetown that will suck
Just munched a '' road goodie worth 10 points!
awesome!
CBG Nik attends DePaul ..hes a network security major..anything we can help w hit him up nkosio
I'm going to be live tweeting about 5 times over the next hour while i'm ONAIR .
I wanna hear from all my good twitter friends  ZenLive.tv
Both thumbs sprained.
Awesome.
DearHair I love your shampoo!
Yay/yum  won a 25 gift card to in their latest sweepstakes!
You better not have it for a certain match when/if it comes up.
Cause Terry Funk ain't wear no mouthpiece.
Y'all make it a great day!
If you are having issues using TaskStream, please contact us at 800.311.5656.
We would love to help you!
Ok Ma im not playing i want 4 Christmas doe
I would die
If God is for us, who can be against us?
Romans 8:31
ahah we can be buried next to each other cause i would diie too :D
Its weird how me and my crush can text from morning to night and never get bored of each other.
Can't believe what happened today 
Thanks for supporting doctor!
Happy birthday !!
My fair and impartiality, has resulted in being selected for a case for jury duty.
Rats lmao
Now I don't feel so crazy ;
Austin, where's our follow?
Follow me for summer concert info in Carmel!
:
EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho is so loud!
ohh wait that's my whole family!
Are you a fan of puroresu?
Who are your favorites to watch?
People that hope around dont know what they want for real.
Done watched me some Gilmore Girls; now on to Supernatural!
Starting w/season 4 so I can have me some Castiel.
angels yum Deanwho?
I probably wouldn't let go.
RT The reward for work well done is the opportunity to do more.
Jonas Salk
Have a great Monday : Love mentions from our fans.
Thanks so much!
Bridesview.com
My mom just proposed that officials shoot the loser at the Masters.
That would be a real tradition unlike any other.
what would i do without free food?
...
probably be an anorexic gardening tool
Does pie count as a vegetable??
Why aren't you answering my questions about marrying Giants and doctorgons?
Thanx for the letter to honor my Father inlaw on this day we celebrated his retirement It truly blessed him.
Awe, thank you!
I hope you have an awesome weekend!
so great to see you for 5 seconds today at  next time lunch or dinner!??!
There is no trying in life, it's either you do it...
or you don't.
What is the Purdue Pg doing?!?!
Had lay up and backed it out  got a to, then had Hummel on backdoor and didnt throw it!
Hope everyone is thanking their dads for getting down with mom today!

home gitting ready to start on
What?
This is dangerous?
: Reckless doctorver EB on Lloyd Expwy from Vann Ave...female was dancing while doctorving.
1:08pm
: huevos mate, not juevos.
Gotta add emphasis on the H sound, so
Act as if what you do makes a difference.
It does.
William James

my cutout of Justin;
we need recognition, volunteers  supplies for our 5/29 event where we build as many gardens as poss in mke area
you are very welcome...thanks!
We'll be ramping up promotion of our project today so be ready!
Huge thanks to all of our supporters so far!
I feel like getting lost time to put on them beats I3HipHop
I've had that issue too.
I reflashed the device and the paid apps installed.
yeah, didn't you guys get a 3 chip implanted in your brain?
I think that was in the contract.
yes, thank you!
Are you going tomorrow too?
RT : helpful post!
Good Morning!
Only a few days until we start a new year!
Have you completed this years projects?
I'm almost caught up!
:
National Small Business Week: Step Ahead Services small business Fact 3: Our fleet includes FlexFuel and Hybrid vehicles.
Happy Birthday !!
he's sleeping like a baby now.
Meanwhile my phones dead and I can't fall asleep.
SHOPPING,going to the pool and work you?
Congratulations on the shindig; love the idea of the tweetwall!
me 2 girl this twitter ish is difficult
I'm A Good Rapper Who Can Produce His Ass Off
Just saw the trailer for the new Sorkin series TheNewsroom on HBO.
Can't wait
Addicted to online solitaire, top 15
Cats win the National Championship on Monday, The Masters is this weekend, and Keeneland opens tomorrow.
To feel alive we must work everyday until we achieve our objectives
Lol.
Guess he got the hint from me looking away while he was talking.
He left.
LMBO!!
so i went to church today,  both buildings are yellow Oo uh...no.
gray was SO much better.
how long till your 17th birthday?
whats the deal bro new video shoot this Saturday at Club Night Moves at 7pm
At a Christmas party....
and I leave the room to go watch My Steelers play 
You inspire me soo much, thank you for everything you do.3 2
well if that's an offer I'll take it
The only real star on TheVoice tonight is She deserves to win.
I've been looking forward to my dinner date all day!
Going to scoop that lil nut job now
Rich: the faithfulness I can imagine would be a weed/flowering in tar, a blue energy piercing/the massed atoms of a bedoctorck disbelief
Omg hi Pia i watched u on So Random ur an amazing singer
The final countdown to the auction is ON!
30 Days!
We are excited!
its probably not that bad though!
When women are depressed they either eat or go shopping.
Men invade another country.
Elayne Boosler
askniall What's your favorite kind of cake?
I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit!
3 3
ugh his gf hates me..LOL SHES GONNA KILL ME!!!!!
:'D wowow
get to see my loves today
Haha!!!
I'd do the same.
: KOBE!
That's right.
Crazy how when the NFL was in a lockout and threatening not to have a season, people protested everywhere.
But for the NBA nobody cares smh.
what?
you want someone to be with you even if they39;re not happy?
thats selfish and uncaring.
i want someone who wants to be with me
So bummed I missed the pancaketweetup this weekend.
Bouncing all over town trying to get everything done for next week.
Sigh :
Congratulations silverspringmd on the grandopening of the !
RT ...
Last time I saw John he was having a martini at Dobson's, my San Diego hangout
Playing at the Cherrywood in Blackwood, NJ in a few hours
My uncle back , : I missed him .
.
Heat take a 32 lead early in the 3rd.
I followed.
can't wait :
Thanks for stopping by; we're glad to have you here!
!
RT : Never judge a book by its cover, but always judge a Mexican restaurant by its Margaritas.
have fun :D
Excellent work, helps people understand what goes into making the experience fun and meaningful.
Thanks.
I'm excited to tweet!
Justin said that 'Boyfriend' is about Selena.
That's so cute!
sarcasm
playing farkle!
its addictive!
Have faith, I am cheering for Memphis.
If we meet San Antonio next round, it will be a rough series.
What's up??
what did you guys eat today?
I am addicted to Pot Belly's Chocolate Brownie Cookies!
They are absolutely insanely yummy!
Ahh, flattered.
Kentucky news up in the NYC!
Any reallife tips could be useful, though.
I'm still trying to figure out what I want to focus on.
edshow The GOP has slipped up and revealed its true chauvinist colors.
Remember: HELL HATH NO FURY.....
done!!
Thanks for the heads up!!
ExpertVisibilityTip: Your branding includes the voice of your company.
How's your customer service?
Phone?
Email?
Congrats, welcome to the midwestish!
Going to sleep now goodnight iconiacz sleep well
Having some deep talks about Music, jobs, school, and life with mi madoctor
My Nephew keeps on throwing shoes at me !
and it hurts :/
RT SO to the Real ' G ' above for waking me up this morning
played over 120 shows in 2008.
Happy New Year!
Yep  What does his diet regime consist of?
def need one
whats good ...
just had to shout you out causethat soul food mixtape you did with is fire
Plutocracy: political power is derived from the wealthy  controlled by the wealthy to protect their wealth.
GOPGuardians of Privilege
that's a bummer man!
I would love to have 5 minutes alone officer Zimmerman....I would whoop the shit out of his ass...Racist fuck....
well, no one is really sure what we are getting with Romney
TONIGHT!
:: Koboku Senju :: at The El Dorado Ballroom Building/Downstairs Corner Suite 8pm
So needs to accept the fact that he's downright sexy.
thanks for passing along that article!
Somebody's LATE lol RT No more midnight releases?!!!
with this vp status he prob thinks he can get into Murphys
Occasionally I miss living in NYC.
I hope you love it!
Look at my pictures; read my professorle.
What about this indicates that I want to date someone's funny uncle?
That's what she said...
AHAHAHAHAHA!
You take the boy outta the country but chya can't take the country outta the boy!!!!
:
sorry you keep getting included in this ridiculous manufactured battle she keeps footnoting you
When you smile..
I smile.
:
shocked about cervelli getting optioned and then trading a 26 year old are for a backup catcher????
RT : Thanks for sharing my tweet!
Love what y'all do, keep spreading goodness :
Related note, if a show isn't regularly getting in trouble with the network and dancing with the censors it's not doing it's job.
had such a fun time on set last week working on
Thanks for all the RT's!
Thks 4 MC'n the docsummit The ticket price doesn't compare to the effort involved or the value of the community you're building
Thank you CitySquare in DFW for screening Food Stamped, ur advocacy and what u do every day!
Lol I Fell down the stairs today  schoo lol I'm such a dumbass!!!
Good morning from the NURFC Cincinnati!
How will you FantheFlame today?
.'s Free Music Friday always gives me something new to listen to.
Every week.
Without fail.
what's to 'understand?' they are fun, silly, and visually awesome!
They are the quintessential movies for everyone.
Before you judge someone make sure you judge yourself first.
Ain't nobody perfect!
This is why it would be nice to a have boo thang so shorti could come get me  take me away from these irritatin ass people!
:P lbs damn
Today has been so fun :
Yes you heard right, comin back with SheednomicsRadio April 1st!
Tune in!
's song You're Not Thinking makes me wanna start jumping up and down and go crazy...It's an AWESOME SONG!
When you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher.
Mildly amused watching all the Indiana fans going crazy for Butler's comeback.
less than thrilled.
GOPCLownCar Mittens the Mormon doesn't remember assaulting the gay kid because it wasn't traumatic for Mitt It was fun
Thank you, will post stuff soon!
: x
yes, that happens to me once in awhile.
/cc
RT : data indicates that 5 out of 9 secretaries of education actually reduced value for students.
RT: Thursday and will be guests on mediachat for their 1yr Anniversary of !
Starts at 10pm EST!
Shout out to streetslang , shizz is my big homie.
rob b , cool doctor , cant forget about D money keyz musik
Yea my fangirling heart might just explode.
Happy camper!
I think so too.
Good luck gathering sources!
I still love , however, IMHO, MBE hasn't been very eclectic since JB took over the decks.
here we go Brewers let's get this home stand started with a win!!!
:
Some people will never realize there's a difference between being smart and being a smartass.
KBPS.TV Social Broadcasting Network will begin syndication of talk radio today!
Upload show's at KBPS.TV for review..
WIN Today!
King John
sad to hear Pat Rice leaving the arsenal after WBA game
Good morning!
TLC making a comback?
All three of the ladies??
Happy President's Day  we'll be in session all day working tirelessly to solve our country's frozen yogurt deficit problem.
Do cab doctorvers ever smile?
Most recently, HPV infections have been found to cause cancer of the oropharynx  the base of the tongue, and the tonsils.
: : thinking about getting these lebrons that come out next weekend swag !!ha bruh your a fool they are wet
Attending tomorrow's mtg featuring ?
Don't forget your canned goods benefiting !
Omg.....y am i up lik 2 hours of sleep
Come to your favorite prefinals event: Midnight Breakfast tonight at Palladium and Weinstein!
11pm12:30am.
Free food and prizes!
I am right there with you!
Not enough hours in the day...
No worries!
Anytime this week is cool.
at least, right?
but this sound that I heard, I think this was actual hardware keyboard clicking.
And that is Not OK.
Learn more about the environmental policies we advocated on during the 2012 General Assembly in this updated report on the 2012 Session...
Good morning, Monday!
Who's still recovering from St.
Patrick's Day weekend?
whoa!
Fielder had an error?
What a shock!
Look water is wet too!
Crazy!
if it's somehow just us in a room, i'd be your night adventures wingman.
whatever happens...
never happened.
Anybody want to get dinner tonight?
oh yeah ; I know that look.
Someone told me I had tired eyes last night.
Pamela Barnes, acoustic mysteries.
She solves crimes with sound.
www.cozycatpress.com
Mixing my new CD at systems twoit sounds great !
She barely know me but I know her Well
Most have just been impressed by seeing their own past updates.
Makes me wonder if this is a new journal or diary.
you're so right.
I understand completely re: that.
I've said all year that this is OKC's year to win it all  that Durant IS the new face of the NBA
On it, crack of dawn shit
Sleeping!
www.icraigery.com
Too late now.
It's already onair!
:
Thanks Rich!!
taking the bike?
So my legs are on fire from playing basketball yesterday...Nd this king size bed isnt helping...shits all bad
I need a new background..
What movie do you like?
Not including Dark Shadows!
:
RT :  are 2 of thee most positive ppl out thereIf u want a positive outlook on ur day turn to them
Ever been to a deli that charged 1 extra to put a slice of cheese on a turkey sandwich?
Me neither, until today of course.
great to see you guys!
Tipsy with no boyfriend around 
Both and were on hand when moved accounts to Should air tonight 8 and 11 respectively.
Galerina welcomes jewelry designer Inbal Shomisterni.
View her complete collection at www.galerina.com
Just landed in Memphis for work!
Here til wednesday night.
Then back to DC and on to doctor
that Ashley chick is ugly and so was her model
Good to have you back on twitter!
Is your brother your twin?
You two look so much alike.
tired of network issues?
contact lithiumnetworks
Yo i cant even imagine kobe wit his dome fro no more
My sisterr scareed me /: she told me  amarilis if she says  leave to pack up my niece  doctorve to my brothers house.
thanks for my first  mention
Attune RTD Executes Exclusive Sales Agreement with Desert Electric Supply For ...
SYSCON Media
Starting to debate if I still need a tent???
Who sleeps at Coachella?
When it's hot out.
Filming an interview with the lawyer who won the case to reopen 13 closed churches
1 A Day In The Life A 41 piece orchestra played on this song and the musicians were told to attend the session doctorssed formally.
wew.
I was freaked out and worried
Well crap.
mm k but 'measurement' important to see progress; strike baseline, prove gains..
just can't become an obsession
I can't watch and any more.
The panels are like all the rest.
He said she said speculation.
Our press is a mess.
Faye Wattleton One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency
Sometimes you gotta put on your mean face, raise your voice, and slam your fist down just to make hit Happen Business  XavierLT.
com
Im doctorve on the kool
are u going to be n atx tonight or Tommt ?!?!?
ya know that's true..
Very interesting, there has to be some key to it all
IDEs my ass!
Still using vim  command line.
bummer : I voted for you!
To my Katie ..
Happy Mother's Day to the best mom in the world!
You are amazing and beautiful.
We are so lucky and blessed to have you.
Eyes getting all watery over Morgan Freeman...
so Im mean  : No its callEd knowin what i Prefer.
we use Domino in Shortmail thanks to  yes, I'll be using that gem in my new test suite too!

about to not go to school tomorrow, again.
doctorving uphill in traffic with with a stick 
nobody likes Grimm so knock it off already and put back on
that's just stupid!
miss my friend : oh and I have some big plans coming up and I may be heading your way here soon : Yay!
checking out onra at beauty bar next week.
Just because I can't kiss that, doesn't mean you can't kiss that.
Isn't it Strange how I don't care
just wondering if ud come along hold up my head when my head wont hold on I'll do the same if the same is what u want if not I will go
are you going to.
The game tomorrow?
Tailgate?
You are a very fine person, mister Baggins, and I am very fond of you;...
oh Megan :
had a great article about that process today.
Check it out.
It went into great detail.
Im gonna get a ticket to watch the talent show........
Hopefully
11/4/2010 Happier employees, better productivity, smarter ideas  what's technology doing for YOUR company?
Smart Shift
thanks for following
no vinyl yet, but hopefully soon!
Just Let All The Air Out Your Head
She kept coming at me like wtf
unless you don't leave early Sunday morning we could chill if you stayed til the afternoon
True but it's DWade tho.
Ya can't give him away.
Trade Bosh for young big man
What was it?!
What was it?!
RT : 25 million assessments in 30 languages worldwide by SHL.
David Leigh
OMG, I'll be there sure!
In the first line.
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT THANK U SO MUCH I LOVE U
Can we get a shoutout for utsa getting the invite to cusa!!!
RT : Were hosting a twitter QA with U.S.
CTO on Tuesday 4/17 at 2 PM answering your Qs on:
your DM was public.
Getting ready for a wedding reception!
did you get my email?
Damn you daytona500 why won't you let me sleep!
Thirsty?
You won't be at the NNECruise thanks to our Water Sponsor
When did it become okay to be a man who doesn't own a suit?
ss.....
well my MIND don't believe it but my NOSE believes its making MAGIC....
ha!..
I just love the smell of COFFE
Aaaaahhhhhhhhh I LOVE that movie!
Today at 10 a.m., celebrate the groundbreaking of a Eugene/Springfield home at 3662 Yogi Way, Lot No.
4, Eugene....
A NO COST BENEFIT TO YOUR EMPLOYEES THAT CAN MINIMIZE THEIR STRESS,REDUCE YOUR EXPENSES, AND doctorMATICALLY IMPROVE YOUR BOTTOM LINE.
The quote on Disney cultural change came from Jeff Soluri of the Disney Institute, presenting on Disney's Approach to Leadership Excellence
This is ass waiting for my last class to start so I can leave 
Thanks for letting me get a final pic last night  the Copa.
Ur such a gentleman.
:
Yo tried to hit ya on Fb..
Sup man ..
hit me back need to talk to you ,, Merc : 
Von Miller is the future of the Broncos
Bride is so beautiful.
I kee having flashbacks to her helping me when I would babysit her.
Such a thoughtful, unselfish woman.
sniffles
but you are taking D Will over CP3 and Nash at the PG position?
show in Cville at The Garage April 22nd.
Laughing so hard, no noise coming out, so you sit there clapping like a retarded seal.
O.o
When you make me happy, it makes me more happy that when you make me happy it makes you happy...and I'm happy if you're happy
Going to school today I hope that I do not have tons to make up
Anyone have agood auto repair story?
We would like to give away free gift cards to those with the most amazing story!
appreciate the support man!
na ii got to visit first
Was that a serious tweet?
hey slut
GOD is GOOD!!!!
YES I can't wait to see you.
You are coming to the burgh for my shower too right?
ItMakesMeHappyWhen I hear the words no school..sadly I've not heard it yet.
Obama said he supports gay marriage.
That IS what is best for the people.
they have the same rights as you do.
Marlo's all, GET ME OUT OF HERE.
And I'm all, what?
The washing machine says it will be gentle with you You're hilarious!
romneyiscreepy at least newt answers the questions that are asked!
I am missing you so much!
I hope Vancouver is fantastic!
Love you!
I need more followers
Happy Birthday Amber and great job on Glee last night u made me cry!!!
I loved the Jurassic ride.....
especially when u go down and see the HUGE trex.....
lol :D RT
Rain.
That is all.
and who can spare the moisture?
You know my name, not my story.
You've heard what I've done, not what I've been through.
If you were in my shoes, you'd fall the first step.
If every swimmer could move media like Gary Hall, Jr, every Grand Prix would be on national TV.
Hey Hey thanks for the follow  let's make a magazine!
New things coming soon...
Already waiting for you to upload that INDJWT show on YouTube.
Especially that Skream exclusive.
Has looked that way since the Rockies series
RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy Sir Michael Rocks
I recommend Hila Nave in Telaviv
happy VA tech won today.
dont follow football but my cat is having surgery there 11/2 and staff at the vet school are so nice am now a fan!
My ratio of useful to irrelevant iPhone notes is approximately 1:12.
What does Blue 2 mean?!
Waiting to get into the Avengers is it worth it?
but for now....off to another meeting!
Increasing my crush on at mohawk.
online account management www.divinegraphixinc.com
I climbed the pole for the first time ever!
So very sore!!!
Ah everyone is stay local and city fuck ac Ugh
just got my car back, been gone for 4 days, had to get fixed
Whaaaa?
What is going on with you ladies?
Did you start dating frat guys?
Sad news.
RT : Maurice Sendak, author of Where the Wild Things Are, has died.
Man that is awesome!
RT : You guys better not steal my fantasy football team name either!
In writing a screenplay, I think you should have a combination of planning and discovering.
2 MORE DAYS!!!
I sum up my night after watching my glorious artistic abilities on doctorw something
.
I saw one w/ tasting notes on a beer bottle, which was pretty genius.
Sadly it was the 1x I didn't bring my phone to dinner
Might as well eat my boredom away...
Creme egg.
Yes please.
ADS claim: proven performance history, high pipe stiffness, superior joint performance, outstanding durability, and cost effective.
A doctoram doesnt become a reality through magic; it takes sweat, time, determination and hard work.
I try!
truth Susan Hockfield and Ursala Burns fireside chat: Ambition deficit in the USA.
The path to a better life is a better mind.
Tminus 1 hour, 11 minutes til I'm PDX bound!
Portland Beer Tour tomorrow!
Hello everybody i have to say school was fun but not know cause the new school i am in is so boring all the people are weird and i will die
askvinny Do you every write Cenzo on your school papers?
xD
Facebook reminds me of Twitter.
Twitter reminds me of tumblr.
Tumblr quotes and stuffs reminds me of you.
when people say noe instead of know.
only at UW is the OL summary probably the longest section in a preview, lol, but enjoyable read anyways.
Austin should come to illinois again soon.
so i could possibly have a chance to meet him?
Murray here from !
Looking forward to the chat tonight and catching up with everyone.
and go all white.
so they can really see your junk.
SteveJobs would have made Siri sound like a global revolution and the start of our Jetsons life style!
Instead we got the Skynet feel?
Lol
Good job !
Now bring the title home tomorrow!
The tree trunk reliefs are beautiful.
Something big is happening on the 25th of May...
I know the 368hunnies that reside in Philly will be excited...
Stay tuned;
Oh hello sun!
Ball Rushes for 1 Yard and Now its 3rd and 6!
Cheers to you too!
From a mom of a son with autism, you are an inspiration!
I can only hope my son turns out as well as yours
I ain't done with you baby bring that ass back ..
At first I thought you were talking about the Ashley Judd brouhaha instead of the Cat of Aragon portrait..
First time I've been officially jailed : I exceeded my tweet limit apparently :
LOL Bridge.
He's gotta pass that one.
Play is our brain's favorite way of learning.
Diane Ackerman, contemporary American author
with my grandmother and my greatgrandmother, my mom and my brothers.
Okay I'm not going to lie...
I wont be up at 10 tomorrow so good luck lovelies!
Hope you all get tickets : Caitlin xx
I have the 4 legged kind ;.
Close as I'll probably get
Amen DC2 on dump
Our May Classes are about to start and we are very excited here at Elite Fashion Academy LA to welcome our new students!!
Apologies for the coming deluge to the nonnerd contingent of my social network.
I'm at Theorizing the Web 2012
Sheldon is so cute c:
im bored someone talk to me
Thanks for the RT!
Weed for just one hour, and you burn 300 calories
I wonder if anyone has ever done tree pose while listening to Roy Rogers, like I just did.
thats an insult to gays
Looking for a 3 bedoctorom.
Any info would be Appreciated !!
3
i was hoping for some creativity in the form of a koreavalentine from you over the past couple of days....
JLA Pets Elephant Skin Bolster Lounger 19 by 29Inch Dog Bed, Tan
sounds like heaven, sort of like doctorms fills on 70's RB records!
quotes Surviving a failure gives you more selfconfidence.
Failures are great learning tools..
but they must be kept to a minimum.
please follow back ??
; it would mean so much!
xoxo :
Just got the first of my SAG screeners in the mail.
Know what I'm going to be doing tonight!
SCORE!
Every life is a story make yours a best seller
You tweet better when you don't think about the tweet
somebodyletmeknowwhen it's okay to trust again
beyonce the moment is here
every lost unit represents a lost sale.
I have permanently boycotted your broadcasts !
ThingsNotTodoAfterAbreakup start talking to her friends
Watching Varda's One Sings, The Other Doesn't.
Can't remember a movie I've seen lately and liked this much.
one of these days.
What does it mean for you to have 'a good workout'?
Snow tonight.
Already.
Sigh...
AND ya know what people make it too hard love be loved forgive be forgiven....Gods Light eazy peazy lol
Has to!
I have some old copies of stuff.
Real Madoctord played a nice half...
They deserve to be 10 ahead.
Does anyone know of a good doctor cleaner that can remove vomit from a comforter in 24 hours and is open on Sundays?
Just curious is all.
Love love love your Acura commercialjust saw it for the first time
Wow!
this is the New Orleans I've been looking for.
Nicely done...
Jahnke Family Trivia: My dad went to high school with Jessica Lange.
watching the notebook 
Great Moment: Mark McGwire over Sammy Sosa, 7066, for the new homerun crown
I just feel more comfortable when i put my flat bill on
hey it went great and it was a good turn out.
I really hope you doing better now!
You were missed...
wow.
50lbs?
you've lost some weight for the flight.
That might not help you this weekend.
Maybe we can launch a whereswambach fan club with the new kits?
Does giving antibiotics to animals hurt humans?
The traditional family model really worked for the unwed teen mother.
Really, ESA?
JUICE?
I don't know how I feel about that naming decision.
Small world : I know both areas well.
Send me a direct message and I should be able to answer any questions you might have.
Huntsman: We have to recognize macroeconomic environment.
Chocolate covered strawberries 
sure  is doing a ticket giveaway and we are giving away tickets at the game tonight!
Are you...
Social hour in the office apparently.
Missing Holden, but it helps that I can hear the San Francisco Gay Men's Chorus rehearsing from my living room.
Have a beautiful day, plus you look very cute in ur pic
Today on HealthfulIndianFlavorsWithAlamelu, Shrimp in Eggplant Sauce and a versatile Potato Masala.
On at 12:30PM on MPTV 10.
Family photos with this Saturday : We're really excited.
Let's hope the kids are too :
These projects include RD projects into PHP/SQL Databases, Video Production and Graphic Design...
Itd be cool if my skirt actually stayed on while I walk 
ExFactor ..
What a terrible day I've had being caught in the middle.
Here's to being glad it's almost over.
aw!
you're so cute.
3
I just finished the book so charming!
and I'm dying to see the movie but it isn't playing near me.
:

Smalltalk has conditionals as part of the library, not part of the language

Why would Brandy text me back a whole 7 hours later lol Haha trick!!
I forgot to hit send...lmao!
I need to go shopping
Nothing like being on team awesome!
Have a great day from all of us at !!!
Stuck In the rain!
Help!
I think I saw my first doctorg show?
Please clarify.
Your both soundin like some triccs right now.....DISMISSED
Done working at noon  Storm  boredom  lethargy 
guaranteed wrote that crap because a lawyer forced him to.
No one makes a 180 that quickly.
new twitter page dedicated to the ONE and ONLY 3
Note to self: Do not tell a female you're free balling after she says she loves Tom Petty, and especially don't start singing it.
I'm on a serious mission to party with after the ClubParadise show in Pittsburgh next weekend!!
TBH I' think im scared of relationships.
Im scared that im gonna get hurt by getting dumped or...
I dunno.
Im just scared.
:
Obsessing with facebook.
Bad bad habit forming....
How grateful we are that this is true!
RT : Our God is a God of second chances, His mercy endures forever!
omg yes!
Same thing happened with me today omg seriously gtfo..
especially from people who don't even have those accounts 
The Museum is open today until 5PM, don't forget to come by with your combo ticket, we'll enter you for a chance to win great prizes!
SCMS12 Elisa Kreisinger on remix: source mat'l must have cultural meaning in order to be subverted.
Thus, SexCity becomes Queer Carrie.
this is true.
fun glasses are good, though easier to knock over when tipsy.
:
nothing much just missing jville but im still havin in the A wbu?
Love that, I'm in!
in a marketing seminar and speaker just used as an example of a great social company!
Tell Dori!
i'm on the PA system for the Wally Yonamine Foundation Baseball State Championship games for Div II and Div I
Hey Spartans and Wolverines, look for Closing Time on your campus during WelcomeWeek  score some FREE stuff!
I know my dude.
:
I think you mean a gluten free diet can be low in those nutrients; it doesn't have to be!
Thanks 4 referring to a dietitian!
All this negative talk about soy...what about whole food forms of soy, like edamame, or fermented like tempeh?
does anyone know when will no longer be the only Nike product to not accurately track run data??
The fact that the Sox had a pitcher warming up in the bullpen in the third inning.
super old.
Cant last that long in anything at this age.
which one..chocolate camaro?
According to , the Governor's policies have no affect on Milwaukee.
Governor Walker refuses to take any responsibility
but the more votes they get, the better chance of them Actually playing.
Cody Simpson has been having fans vote like crazy!
hi!!!
How are I miss talking 2 u l0l
rt DEEPPurple by needs to be Grammy nominated for Album of the Year and or Record of the Year
Robert Kirkman Talks The Walking Dead Season 3 Production Start via
Amy is on her way home can't wait / kisses 3 Kellie
indeed they do ;
I have no problem saying how I truly feel if I really feel it.
Outspoken.
Shorter .
to Rev.
Hunter: Won't you please try to enrage 15,000 people for me on this gay marriage thing?
I think I embarassed myself last night but I don't remember how...
Not that I think we should start shit with NYC.
In 1645 Staats had first child, a daughter.
In 1648, Staats declined to extend his 6year contract with VR.
how is what Sam Ruben did to John and Ken any different.
They gave their opinion about Whittney.
Jk are the truth!
Labor day special 12 Wings LG fries and two large doctornks for 12.00
If Only...
Just got in from a session with Johnnie Miller and CArl Powell.
Love the work we did on that hip hop track.
one smash down many to go.
yeah, malkovich.
adaptation is less charming somehow
Cnn is filming my church in Crystal City ward today!
Glad I'm not speaking...
A quarrel is like buttermilk: once it's out of the churn, the more you shake it, the more sour it grows.
Kelsey is Julie's Makeup artist :
Awesome class last night!
I really enjoyed it!!
I've been blessed just watching this bulls game.
Any plans for the bday?
Have pictures of the work we've done for you?
Tweet with your photos and we'll put them up!
Stay inspired, it's game time!
Ford Hoodie
you got a twitter?!
ahh you're so groovy3
Not Fri, but there's def DC fun today!
Look in sky btwn 1011am  you may see space shuttle on back of 747.
Tell us if you SpotTheShuttle!
Lol umm that is kind of trashy.
Success from home.
Home based business opportunity, 1015 hours a week, earn 100K in 3 years.
Anyone interested?
Great Gonna be another bad night :
We could see more showers  storms tonight but it appears the severe threat will remain mostly to our south.
right now I am at my house haha
Some really great companies coming out of YC Demo day.
Particularly fond of  great work guys!
Caps never stopped believing in Boudoctorau.
bit.ly/hMB0ig
Streets in my city, so they go in front of my house, because our house is the Ambulance route to the hospital so they
yeah, its definitely gonna be a celtics vs heat eastern conference finals
Tru dat RT Goodmorning WORLD.
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!!!!!!
I have that same allergy but im actually allergic to you and Stupidity !
xD
Lol.
Everyone thinks I've really broken out of my shell since I wanted to start acting.
: x
Can get it done.
I'm still heartbroken Mo didn't live to see this day !
What he did was worth more than an armored division tho
I do it all the time
Ruby on Rails should be a new color, don't you think ?
Our engineers have said that as long as you don't go on our site, we'll be okay.
that makes sense.
I used to go to Pitts more but am now obviously a CLE fan.
Hi Marni!
Just saw the email, will reply now, great to meet you.
Your article really resonated with me.
Its only Wednesday?
that's true!
Enjoy what you are doing, that's the secret to success RT : People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what...
my life is made now that i gotta 84 on my cognitive neuroscience exam
What about livetweeting a program?
Does that bring onsite experience to offsite peeps in a meaningful way?
Bissell: Steams Carpets and scares the dog.
Two birds with one stone.
Thinking about going solo to Kona, HI for a few days.
Anyone have any recs of things to do?
No school yaya!!!!
Ha!
Yes, literal dogs.
Watching 'em for my landlords.
oops I meant a smiley
...new york
hes being mean to you?
ouuuuuu gurl.
Its just dumb cause no matter how many people have the jump the line thing they only let a certain amount go in.
Marty Hearst has been saying that for close to a decade, and I definitely agree with it!
A girl can be your best friend, wife, worst enemy, or worst nightmare.
It just depends on how you treat her.
Honest to God I will break your heart tear you to pieces and rip you apart.
20 on 20 should play this song right ????
i'm not mean to you.
i'm just mean in general.
other than saying you failed at tagalog, when have i been mean to you?
First mothers Day  feeling like poo
We have all your Kentucky Derby prep hereWWW.ussportspages.com
M...
Vegtable dumplings!
Haven't had them in so long, I forgot how good they are.
In related news, gosh, their coffee is strong.
This.
RT : On the left, SuperPac's have been around for years.
They're called Unions.
I forgot my bad!!!
It's looking like a whisky and cigar night tomorrow.
Any takers?
Headed home
Clippers proving how inconsistent they've been this season.Have ability to explode vs.
teams, no way they should be down by 15 to Grizzlies.
Thank you President Peters for the name change adding doctorNdugu G.B.
T'OforiAtta to the Religious Heritage of the African World
Morning everyone, check out Cello Fury tonight at the Geek Arts and Green Innovations Fest, Pittsburgh's first eco, art and technology fest!
My old kentucky home!!!
School tomorrow..........fun fun
Always FREE DELIVERY when you shop in our store and spend at least 40.
Going to get new glasses today...if the price is right
thanks for the azn month stuff.
has to be about the cutest ever.
parties AND penguins!?!
Oh my!!
lmao u are an ass!
U keep me dyin!!
I can't wait for the vow!!!!3 it looks like a movie that I'm gonna cry to:' aw
Watching TheFirst48 , And It's In Cleveland :
Twitter is like a tragically hip New York night club
All is done.....what happened to us??
Yes, it sucks!
i just lost the backs to my plugs
todayinhistory Len Slye starred in his first feature film Under Western Stars in 1938, launching the career of
what happened?!
:
thank you :
My cat is high off catnip now...
Is that wrong?
i need to know the dates!
And do yall have school 2marrow
10 Dimes sitting in front of me so I call them a 100 piece
Good Morning Tweeps
I've been getting this to.
What the hell's up with that?!
15th Annual Conference on Vaccine Research  Sacramento Bee
4 Final Exams COME AT ME BRO!!
A BFRandomFactoid  today in 1962 JackPaar made his final appearance on the Tonight show.
thank you :
do you think NY could be the next startup hub?
no prob.
I have this wild theory about something, but I didn't want to share unless you'd gotten to a certain point.
RT : Happiness is not an accident.
Nor is it something you wish for.
Happiness is something you design.
Jim Rohn word
intentional.
Testing
Are you attending the Alumni Board meeting in a couple weeks?
I'm trying to gauge if it's smarter to come in Friday PM or Sat AM.
Having some fancy cheese and grapes as a snack..
Just need a glass of Pinot and I would have a complete fancy snack :
I hope you appreciate the attempt at humor.
secretmillionairestv.com
KEMBA!!
RT : Jon Tudor.
I won the Entercom bracket last year, and so now I am banned.
And I think that's just mean.
I'm hemorrhaging money.
I sure wish it was because I was in Vegas rather than the soaring price of food and gas.
yea, I am.
As soon as I find out the air date, I'll let you know!
: RT you're going to be on tosh.o?
Townes Van Zandt kind of day...
Well, all hell has broken loose.
If you can't beat them arrange to have them beaten.
Are you seriously going to make me wait to see you until XFest??
Former Badgers and both used the Portsmouth Invite to help make NBA rosters.
back to campus...back to reality..no more beach :/
What the hell?!
WHYNOT?!
Let's go Vandy!!
that tumblr makes me spew tea all over my keyboard.
thanks a lot.
If you build iPad/iPhone apps, get at me.
Must be local to Austin.
Can also find me  More active with that fresh cut.
I think Cori's addicted to watching the tv show Intervention.
If only there was some sort of process to get her to stop.
thankss...
this is insane
So much to do ...
so little time.
Interesting there is a positive correlation between popularity of sport in U.S.
and number of breaks in action for commercials.
are you and mike coming over tonight?
Best place to start would be .
.
.RT Ready to write this screenplay.
Where do I start!
It's all in my head, the whole movie.
No one can keep up.
It's always changing  Yea, I know you're old, Love, Megan.
lol no I'll read them tomorrow for sure.
so yu aint txt me yu love me ok
URBAN DICTIONARY: You talk white TRANSLATION: Using proper vernacular and enunciating all of the letters in his/her choice of words.
Justin WHat Kind Of Supra's Do u Wear
Man if Obama ever follows us I'm gonna freak lol
I'm going straight from my uncle's funeral to the stage to the performance tomorrow..
RT : FF SoCal's art/design schools for keeping us inspired!
Merry Christmas 2 everybody.
Hope u and ur families have a blessed one.
:
for how long are you staying in miami?
come to the A town!
lol ATL!:
My whole being is secure, O God.
My whole being is secure  Psalm 57:7
O dear God, thank you.
That shit doctorves me CRAZY.
I will be Tomorrow for a little 25 NL Cash Game Action
nap time for the little ones!
KacieB you keep your head up!
You are way better off without thebachelor!
He doesn't deserve you
You did as we asked!
Thanks!!
Ugly scene in Egypt
It was like there wasnt enough room within the survey for them to tell their stories,
watching your show Missing.
I have the best Boyfriend in the world ..So blessed to have Nel
so did you shop successfully?
What did you bring home?
Promotional Video of the Electronic Field Trip from the International Museum of Cultures  International Museum of Cultures BLOG...
oh yeah, congats on the shoot!
Had to have been cool.
Call Me Old Fashioned, But I Actually Take Love, Sex And Feelings Seriously .
This is what happens when bad meets evil
Real life challenges..take them headon.....
Realshit
Back in the game.
Thank you, Rangers!
Thats weird, why would a random person ask someone to watch a box of soaps?
Haha
YES!
RT any food trucks going to be at or this sat?
Some shit been cookin up on the street.
Dont think we disappeared.
we just got some crazy shit cookin for ya'll.
Good you?
My homemade audition studio are quite humorous on how I rig up lighting  the frame of the shot f/ my Mac.
The things actors do.
That's so cool.
I know they showed holograms at a Google conference last yr.
I need to see this live!
Jealous!
;
was ha
Lacan law Elisabeth Roudinesco convicted of libel for alleging Lacan's last wish for a Catholic funeral was not met.
1 euro in damages
already figured it out!
Thank ya though!
I love u more
Facial tats: What are you going to do at 40 with that?
You'll be much wiser then looking for a job.
Whose going to hire you?
Publius SyrusA bold onset is half the battle
Miley Cyrus is playing on the radio
So apparently, carrying a toy gun in your purse is not the smartest way to defend yourself on the street
Activists say Argentina now leads the world in transgender rights
please follow me please please follow me
Yay and !
RT : Big crowd at UIndy for discussion of community lessons learned before Big Game.
oh my god I love that show :
BillsMafia I can't wait to see who it is?!?!?
you wrong pickle...
Thank you!
I'm serious when I say that Thesis has been a huge part of what made it possible.
Can't believe a week from today the boys will be one hour away from me, and I won't be able to see them!
': Pure torture!
stop by our table at the fair!
perfect for people interested in nonprofessorts 
Being still/silent and delving into your mind through silent meditation.
How long can you sit and meditate?
Solutions/answers spring forth.
they are pretty quick with submission turn arounds at Red Fez.
You should send them something!
Both for the little one, yes?
No plastic bits on either?
Tomorrow, because I'm an idiot and switched accounts midconversation.
I miiiiiiiisssss u to!
i've gotten like 40 followers on instagram since like Monday ...
awesome !
Am I the only one who thinks the space needle looks ridiculous painted orange?
yeah i know i was gonna hit u up but he sold quick.
I hooked thunderchunk up with 2 pairs
Can this game be over.
Game 5 to Atlanta.
Laker time pls.
At the hospital watching a metaphorical episode of Different Strokes.
Just sad
I kinda hoping he'll start it off with a bit of Al Green.
badgers bummin.
great game
I am so not a morning person.
as long as the car a/c is working, yes.
LOL
I can not believe it's April already.
End of the first quarter, but not to late to fulfill all those New Year resolutions.
Does info design mitigate conflict?
James' recent departure from the Cleveland Cavaliers to the Heat caused a lot of anger in the city.
Why bother reporting that?
8:30 a.m.
and dudes with I Need Tickets signs swarming around Yum!
Center.
It's MarchMadness in
Forgive many things in others; nothing in yourself
back up on the block boy!
If they pick a lame name, I don't know what I'll do with myself.
If your heart tells you this person is nice, go with the PGE guiding behavior, give them the benefit of the doubt,was this person railroaded
Have a It's a wonderful Life kind of day!
ahaha im sure!!
i would be too!!!
xD nn
I was the 27th view :
All of our Christmas merchandise is now 50 off!
There's still time to deck the halls, so come on down!
please follow your huge Arianator !
She loves you so much!
Please make her doctoram come true.
45
Headline on doctordge: Stocks Suck
looks like Judge Biscoe and Comm.
Davis ready to vote for apple incentives.
That i took around three.
: dont cry.
just run around in a circle.
lol HHAHAHA more great advice justin.
Nice.
Lol
does anybody else think that if the boyz went to perform on abdc 7 that vinny wouldn't go with them?
it makes me sad.
/3
RT : Mark your calendars.
Wed.
7th Aberlour tasting, followed by new food menu/new art party.
Food 1/2 off all day!
The best way to get thru what your going thru is to express how you feel as well as letting go and letting God work it out
You heard about on the radio?
I'm curious because we haven't done any radio ads?
Hm...
happy cinco de breezy
everyone was unfazed by the sting intrusion.
But not this guy.
I was extremely uncomfortable with all his yodeling.
Patriots...one word
please start a twitter feed?
Now: MichaelWolfe spks abt MOST Hollywood bureau of
NOO ur way charming, flawless  ur sweeter than the sweetst honey on earth:
I full on slammed on my ass so hard that I think it might have self adjusted my back.
Tied a QR Code to the KOB weather cam in Old Town ABQ.
Scan the code at the plaza and see a photo of yourself.
Romero and N.
Plaza.
Thanks for the shout out, we can't wait for the review!
If you get aroused looking at yourself in the mirror does that make you gay?
hahahahaha
yay eye doctor appointment at 10 am tomorrow
school called me house to tell my mom i skiped 1st period
I LOVE that blog.
It's a serious time suck.
damn dog I've been up a good 5 hours!
Refrain from photography?
That39;s going to be a tough one.
pla12 
im not even gonna be able to watch it tho.
Stupid west coast games
Thanks the support is much appreciated!!
Social media in museums
ur completely right...so why am I wasting my time :
Me and one of my friends got some catching up to do today!
good point!
She's an Ignorant woman.
WhyRelationshipsDontLast because as put it women lie, men lie
New to this.
Still learning.
Please be patient.
now more than ever actually!
when we release it you will understand why it took so long :
Just wanna relax today
I feel as though my mommy deserves 2 gifts for mother's day this year because dealing with me is no walk in the park
;; I suppose .
Lol .
But Joey loves watching Family Guy and Sabrina the teenage witch :D
BucketList Throw a paint party and put lsd in all of the paint.
HAHAHAHAHA
Happy mothers day to my Fav sissy!
I'm all about addoctorssing those needs.
Whenever, y'know, we're in the same country.
New favorite hashtag is
That moment you realize you need Facebook because you've forgotten so many special peoples birthdays.
Need to UNFOLLOW a bunch of people!!
Dumb bitch don't run your mouth about me!
This, my city carry yo ass back to the country!
Loving the new album, Maysa!:
like seriously.
she is NEVER tired.
and when i want something: no honey, i'm tired.
ifyouknowmeyouknow that every weekend i'm a doctornk asshole ;
oh no it's in the fluorescent lights now
thanks for makin me laugh in class.
:
Bottle dancing way to go Dan!
It's impossible to please everyone.
I'm interested in learning how to handle the naysayers and haters on social media.
Got examples?
For vip table reservations call 321.400.4789 or hit up
The Sydney crowd wasn't hype enough ...
Not by the look of the videos .
not yet, I hopefully start in the fall.
Haven't read that, I'll check it out!
Awesome!
You will be so glad you did!
Be sure to get connected on discussion boards for support.
Lmaoo RT : All i would be in this summer is trouble if i went back home.
The Black Bear Inn Come visit us on Thursday and get 10  off your meal.
Just tell us the CODE NAME: Papa Bear
Why did the rabbit run out of the fastfood restaurant?
He thought he heard someone order a quarter pounder on a toasted bunny.
Great meeting with clients today.
I'm looking forward to more conversations next week.
We're off to a great start!
because of the instant gratification factor?
Or because the publisher is ceding a lot of control over copying?
Greetings to our favorite marine!!!
Hope you are doing well.
3
Casey and are working the local vendor fair today, stop by for a sample!
RT : Lots of fun events on the mountain for our final fling weekend!
Great example, meet at the Summit Haus at 4pm......
At least for a few hours, the Mets are in first place.
I'm just saying.
What's up TWITTEr :p
It would be nice 4 if were Prez; Then he could spend all his obstruction time on golf/tanning instead.
Hey everyone!
This is our brandnew OFFICIAL twitter page, like us and keep up with the band and stay tuned for important updates!
Decrescendo is the term for gradually getting softer/quieter.
i know a lot of ppl with spider bites
I yes the candy man can!
What version of TweetDeck are you running?
Can you send him my name?
please I have been dying for one of them to follow me
do you have any covers in mind ?:
My top schools were where I want to apply to are Oxford and the Sorbonne.
But my safety's Harvard.
Thousands of us will march across the Pettus Bridge like Bloody Sunday 1965
Bracket busted....vcu wins
Then its off to a candy shop in Bkport for a 20lbs chocolate bunny.
After the synthetic marijuana story, it mite b a white rabbit.
Gym, lunch with my family at Scottsdale Quarter, and some pool time.
Made the most of a day off.
Sounds like a great night : Cazadores tequila shots w/ pineapple backs
I bow to you...you were right!
Let's see now
party party party
My house : : I need recommendations: where can I find the largest, most perfectly made dirty vodka martini...
In the world?
2 Damn Cheeky w/Rob Keith  Tuesday, Sept 6, 2011 EST, 5pm GMT, 9am PST  only on  Get some !!!
it was great..
Hey !
That's a nice list there buddy!
;
Me too!
Im giving out applications!!
I got a severe concussion during my 2nd semester of calculus, I have always claimed it knocked out my math
The Bruins stink tonight.
Just told my mom to calm her tits.
Bad idea.
let's go to wet republic on Friday!??
im leaving tomorrow night though thank goodness
ROCK CHALK.
I continue to get phto editing for free becasue I'm a sneeky little bitch
If I offend you in any way please contact me on www.icouldntgiveaflyingfuck.com
How to grow a beard in style
The reviews and comments I read said it wasn't well written, but it's very popular!
Looking forward to the show THIS weekend with Gringo Starr at Sarasota Lanes!!!YAY!!!
Rain!
It's just a doctorzzle, but it's the first rain I've seen in a month and a half.
Well today I am 30!
Yay to me!!!
mutton bustin' is basically the best thing ever.
We're seeing Reba on Friday.
I'm pppppumped.
Congrats knew youd get in!
leaving tomorrow
My priority is not to beat Obama in the fall.
Rather, my priority is to overturn 100 yrs of R and D mismanagement.
RonPaul or none at all
my favorite is Lincoln.
Honest Abe exposes secret of opponent; opponent turns red, dies of shame.
Alt: dies under pile of reporters.
Most people know Justin Bieber for his face and not for his music, it should really be the other way round.
He's so talented...
AND HOT!
that is pretty funny Come on Bon Iver
Here's to all the teachers who helped us get where we are today.
Happy National Teachers Day!
no problem ;3
Thanks for tweeting out all the great resources from the biz reference session.
Can't wait to check them out.
Today has been so disappointing.
Birthdays are supposed to be fun and happy not disappointing.
If I was the Saints GM and accused of Covering Up both a Bounty program and Pain Pill thefts on my team , would I still have a job?
squeezing in requests for tours  talks
I could listen to John Mayer's discography 24/7.
Don't forget to catch talking to on tonight's Colbert Report.
11:30pm ET.
Got my speech down.
Watch me just forget everything when I have to present.
I'm so nervous 
RT RT If you're important they'll make a way, if you're not important they'll make an excuse......
These elbow pads protect my sweater from wayward fois grois.

ah, those daily scalp exams...good times.
Life is like a taxi.
The meter just keeps aticking whether you are getting somewhere or just standing still.
Lou Erickson
BoringMovieSynopsis Second wife of rich guy has some really noticeable selfconfidence issues.
It better be good too or else I'm throwing tomatoes
What happened?
Happy Mothersday MOM!
You are inspirational!
Wat sup everybody any ladies wanna chat pm me ive give u my number to text k
its impossible to be as cool as me
my body took that sleep without my permission
Was that foul for doing the electric slide?
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
Henry Ford
Questions for the Web team?
Email Us:  all inquiries will be forwarded to CEO
got my vote
aye big daddy
Anyone know if it is possible to make your own videos rentable on YouTube?
RT : Things are beautiful if you love them.
Jean Anouilh
Tell me how the fck we supposed to stay friends, When you got a bunch of feelings that you dont show....
: Spurs are 417 since Dallas OT loss streak also holds two 11game win streaks  currently rolling on 13 straight.
machine
U ARE TO GORGEOUS
You're welcome!
I'm a killjoy now harharhoe
Health hath no fury like some pissed off women  KatieCouric in conversation with BillieJeanKing at
I will remember...
you talkin mister Sullivan?
We've had to do that before haha
You forgot to mention RT Have you tweeted for MKETwestivalCares yet?
Help
Just thinking of you when your game piece slapped down on my twitter cue.
You're voice unique in all the world.
I want to be in a career that I feel like I'm doing some good.
HAHA I HOPE ITS REAL.
THAT MEANS JUSTIN.IS.MINE.
MWAHAHAHA
JustRememberThat i'll always LOVE you 
IfItellYou one thing dont go running your mouth saying another
WOW there is a subliminal ringtone that can increase a woman's boob size, when its used 20 times a week 3cm INCREASE WOW
Hey, boys, better look out, she's bright as the sun, sweet as sauerkraut!
from Siren by Natalie Vowell, Jedi Nightie.
But tonight was bittersweet.
I had my last gig with my jazz combo at the Silverado Grill.
We went out with a bang!
So much good feedback!
wait, how long is your phone gonna be taken away for?
lmaoo
are you in school??
This is what the Western powers aligned themselves w/ for oil.
Conservation Day in Walkerville.
Join , and tell to NOT raid recycling money for
same and at my aunts house
RT NF when planing your events ThinkOfMe We will, thanks!
:: have a good field trip guys!
I gotta show this guy how to work out lol alright see ya
Looks like foo foo coffee.
Bet it's very sweet too.
throw relish EVERYWHERE
study compares civic classes vs service learning: former creates interest in politics, latter political action  volunteering.
Ilike your doctorwing in the middle ;
maybe even if you don't!
is giving life back its stupid lemons and demanding chocolate!
Morning Twitterland!
Anyone prepping for the Houston, Redding or PFChang marathons tomorrow?
Mad shout out to because those last words were very true
: everyone, said he's down for condit and Diaz to rematch.
so, basically it's up to Carlos didn't Diaz retire?
Cape Verdian music feeds the soul...
Criala
Excited to follow along with the Duke Feminist Theory Workshop ftw12 today.
Thanks for tweets, and
So grateful to be spending this day with my family.
Gonna hug all day!
Be home soon I love u...flight land at 5:14 everything gone be ok I promise3
Deuce Deuce was a trending topic WORLDWIDE yesterday on Twitter!!
Keep up the good work guys!
First Date Impressions First impressions are important make them count.
Here are some tips
in Mega Hair Elite's Hair Waxing Services In Our Boston Area Salon!
Your Choice, a full body wax or just your eyebrows!
omg dude vs wild LOL tht shit is old af ahahahha those them early youtube days.
I hope you lay down in your sleep  choke on every lie you told me.
Jake.
Show him you care.
Now.
You're amazing, he'll like you anyway.
From the staff of the UCLA Fund to you and your family, Happy Thanksgiving!!!
of course there were moments that were broad but really Marvel finally got it right on this one.
so much better than the others.
Home from SD  5:30 this morning back to recording!!!
Isnt this fun?
I say yes
Braved the cold with and friends for a roof screening at the AK Press bldg.
So much fun!
lame dave, very lame.
facebook JUST as lame.
the debate: is the song I'm listening to on this random Eastern European shoutcast station bad enough to get myself up off the couch or not?
' That's fried , it was never suppose to make it to the internet either!!
RT : : Get over stealthmode and start sharing your ideas.
Ideas are cheap.
sls12 SocStart
Cant decide who i dislike more has a player melo or bron
Great direct from grower plant sale again this Sat in Hillsboro out at on S.
Hwy 219 great prices well below wholesale
I personally think people should be allowed to choose whatever they want as long as it doesn't bother others directly.
Hey doll!!!
That's rightI think my MacMini was the only one that even had Excel!
Susan G Komen to stop supporting Planned Parenthood?
Oh....
Hahaha...
Oh lol.
Politics over poor women's lives, way to support the cure.
Major gift from Wells Fargo Advisors supports initiatives at Olin, Brown schools  Washington University Record
LOL thought I had my head pierced..
its my headband!
My bank does the most, and so does my other job with my paycheck!
haha and guess what?
He's 15
Creditors have better memories than debtors
they should be generic, Viagra patent over 10 years but Pfizer doctormmed up a new indication to extent patent life.
This Robitussin is worthless.
I should have mixed another rum toddy instead.
Looks like Clippers vs the Tuesday Night!!
Bring it LA!!
But they find their strenghth in love.
Preparing a dynamic presentation for conference this Thursday: www.tedxphilly.com
capitalism is a set of risk management strategies designed to realize a steady professort from a variable world.
Kudos to Gaylord staff.
My room is a one floor elevator ride and 30 second walk to ILTA2011 central.
Heading to orientation.
thanks for following me
I don't understand why people commit, there's always a solution to whatever you're going through.
Be strong  patient good times will come
You and Jason will make such cute babies, we'll all be one big happy family ;
I love editing.
3.
Especially when the manuscript starts off well.
Hilarious!
Ron Swanson: I still think awards are stupid, but they would be less stupid if they went to the right people.
....so true!
Tha BOOGER in Steve Blake nose 
Equanimity is a state of mental or emotional stability or composure arising from a deep awareness and acceptance of the present moment.
lol funny.
Would you happen to have a tumblr?
I hate looking for something to watch!
I heart you!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to you, happy birthday to you happy bitrhday happy birthday HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU HappyBirthdayKenneth :D
Thanks and for a great time tonight!
Is SM powerful?
Social media is forcing companies into transparency.
Think about that power!
2 more hours and were talkin about sunshine doctorve home.
Real talk real home
Paul Tillich The courage to be is the courage to accept oneself in spite of being unacceptable.
xoxo how many tattoos do u have ??
Contagion.
Great movie!
See it.
Now.
Legalize gay marriage so new tv shows like divorce court and cheating shows will happen cause that would be awesome to watch!
I had such a crazy productive weekend.
Don't forget to bid on 's online auction.
Sox, CSO and Groupon tickets are just some of the great things for sale!...
Its Wednesday Tweeple and it looks like we are in store for another beautiful day: High of 62 partly cloudy.
The true followers of Jesus Christ embraced their trials and sufferings with great joy and excitement all the way until their death.
please help stop kony watch the videokony2012 he has to be stoped its its timefor him to pay back
If he loves you he'll come back and realize what he has and never let go...
He'll show you rather then tell you 
I wish my stomach would stop growling 
good game UCF KNIGGHTS!
you would have destroyed that Torres pg.
He messed with the wrong team
Everyone please follow Austin D.
Jordan, he owns
Okay, so let Mauer take 2nd there
Solution To Dealing With Someone Who Irritates Your Life  Cut Them Off!!!
RT : yeah, she graduates in a few hours!
Lol .....
GN// YAAAAAY Tell her Congrats!!!
Mob Wives ends peacefully?
Well I'm glad, but DAMN, bring the heat!
Clara Conti Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
Can't wait  RT : Light Years
I haven't but I will.
: 
RT : Wearing a hoodie and shorts because you're confused about the weather.
I think about you
I need someone to come cuddle me.
This is worse than the time I spilled pizza sauce on Barney :.
I love an empty beach,...
One last thing, it's ONLINE content dummy!
It doesn't matter where u are!
thank you so much for the support.
CALEB IS MUCH BETTER NOW HE IS DOWN TO 12 TREATMENTS A DAY,OTHER WISE HE IS GETTING SO BIG BOY CAN HE EAT THANKS HUGS 2 U
Big S/O to the my sweetie pie follower , Make sure to follow him and check out his wild podcast about any  everything....
when are you back?
I hope your friend is feeling better so you can visit them under better circumstances!
I've been playing too much bioshock!
okay then stay out of it common sense bud
Thanks for the follow.How r things.
Super cool to see on stage during the QualcommCES keynote.
there is still so much more ahead
Yes MY HUSBAND IS FOLLOWING ME lmaooo
RT : If you have to use a text resume, include the link to your pretty and designed resume.
And don't bury it.
too early to decide, that's up to prosecutors.
When I'm upset about something, I can't even think about anything else...
:c
settling in going to commentate AE.
Enjoy those vs screens
I didn't know that...
LIKE I CAN'T OMG.
haha text me mum is making me leave twitter..
nig
Barely been on twitter for weeks I need some inspiration besides Maybe I should just doctorw those girls daily.
I'm honest to a fault.
Turned down a 10,000 promo just so my followers didn't buy into dilution..
Look up Mdoctor
Anyone  any man at least  that tweets smilie faces over and over is ...
Is a ....
Hospitals are weird places
: I'm not fat.
I'm just so sexy that it overflows.
; That just made my day haha
not a crazy idea, an awesome one!
1Dfansleavetheboysalone and we're called directioners.
:
20 years from now his swag ain't gunna pay the bills
complex list on ny rappers...lol
I wanna go to a cookout.
this hungry hippo is just a jealous bear in a big blue house!
Must have deetz and pix of each course
At an Uruguayan event in Elizabeth NJ, little Montevideo in the US
Do not have kids haha...well atleast not now...im too young!
well we planned to pick up billy too
Mavs have to knock down easy shots..Barea, Jet, Marion have all missed easy shots...hitting free throws might be an idea also
Same here, but instead of logging out and in, I use the tweet thing in the top right hand corner.
Thanks for the follow!
Love the hotel.
I WISH HE DID RUN, JUST SO THAT HIS EGO GETS CRUSHED !!!
Always..
Btw..
U expected this year at WMC..miami..
BOOM!
yessir we are tomorrow :D
My Malaysian apprentice has started to get replies!
Soon we'll post one.
Can't push her out of the nest too soon!
you're right...im sorry...so funeral today in10 min?
where at?
ur place?
ok.
Not for long.
Lol
Why need such heavy enforcement power  whose to say these fansites won't be branded as thieves under the SOPA regime?
...what's a subtweet?
3 words about your avi: oh hell yeah!
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms who support comics instead of throwing them away!.
Night twitter world.
doctorams call me.
Aw...
Tell your subconscious I miss it too!
You've been in exile in that gulag for over a year!
I did hear of that one.
I'll definitely take a look  it.
Thank you...
the kitten was alive?
They clearly don't know you very well.
Also: I'll have it.
my background 
Good morning everyone.went to bed early n woke up at 3:45am..Antsy..Anxious..
Something..lol :
Thank u lord for another day im grateful to be alive
omg mos wanted is doing mah dance move !
Utterly unrelated to anything happening directly around me right now: If the Boston Bruins want the Cup, they have to take this series to 7.
A lazy Saturday followed by a lazier Sunday
We are grateful for ALL mothers!
With out them we wouldn't be MUCH of a youth ministry, literally!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!
RT Is very disappointed at my 1lb weight loss this week!
Want to lose another 13lb in 11 week!!
do you have any mktg posters you can send me for the store?
Thx
the best mobile experiences unfold
Reel em in.
FishOn : I've promised salmon dinner.
I now know what pressure huntergatherers felt.
Not tweeting a lot until back in GA!
But keep sending :
I got the ESPN app on deck tho.
Know that!
we always do.
Great night with the best around: , , 
I'll do this on my own ...
I'll get us back on my own
...because today I got the 40off discount in my email.
What exactly happens at a meetup?
I assume there are there people doing this in Chicago?
Watching IRobot  will smith had to run up 2,000 steps to save mankind...
Um No not I
Eating playdoh with
WINNERS NEVER QUIT AND QUITTERS NEVER WIN
AND I ARE SKYPING.
YOU SHOULD JOIN US BECAUSE WE LOVE YOU.
;D
RT Just because majority rules, doesn't mean they know what they're talking about.
Don't doubt yourself
MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf cursed her out
I need food !
Inspiration on the walls of and inspirational people on the inside
Day 3 nynt training about to start.
Awh have fun at the cinema!
haha just cause of Zac Efron?
;  I'll have to study so hha ; 
Luck is actually attitude.
We attract what we put out.
Make the most of your Friday the 13th!
did Monkey Girl go up today at brewery?
Did you just tell everyone in NYC to chill?
there just trying to change the subject and get sympathy for her and for them to feel bad for her when none of it's true
Staying strong has more to do with your inner strength than your physical ability.
Today is about staying strong!
Yeah but I have to say something because by then I'll probably have a pain in the ass son too.
Cathy, My Momma, and I played hookie from the store today...
we got some new stuff for the store!!
Venison Sausage w Oregon Blueberry!
Try a Delicioso Blackberry Double Chocolate Brownie
I do believe commonsense has taken flight.
Why would a GA police officer handcuff and jail a 6 y o child for having a tantrum?
Madness.
LatterDays should repurpose All Along the Watchtower.
I think you should come to PNBA.
Which reminds me, Robin  when should I start helping you plan?
We will have a big announcement today at 3:33PM!
This is what you have been waiting for!!
I really would just like a peanut butter sandwich right now.
tired fuck..
goodnight twitter:D
i really hope so, homeroom was ghey!
FUNKuhDATION?
Black Muba, huh?
sounds good
Happy Birthday Gerard Way, one of the greatest!
exactly!
this bitch lives for doctorma, she just doesn't wanna deal with the consequences !
Dude was doctorving in the wrong lane but flips me off when I get out of his way.
chin up, soldier on
I can break glasses.
Usually by sitting on them.
Thanks for following us.
E hope u listen 2 and love the music!
Best  success.
I'll be there; swap is fine
A2: bring examples to the table....site maps are great, Wordpress examples and designs that you like
Hell must have frozen over because ovechkin is using a Bauer vapor instead of his CCM
Follow and idcc11 for more on this morning's workshop on data and impact.
Omg glee so intense
I'm surprised anyone knew that lol: !!!
RT : Soul Plane
We provide therapy for childoctorn withAnger management issues.
today i don't feel like doing anything..
i just wanna lay on my bed3
yes, branding sets expectations, however your competition is also setting the bar as well
Jolene.
Jolene.
Jolene Joleeeeennnneee!!!
Please don't take him just because you can
lets just say that i am sitting pretty with a 2922 final score.
I swear I don't deserved half the shit my exs did to me..
smh
Some fugly looking hockey from the Flyers tonight.
Time is running out.
Good music is hard work put into play
Markup language is in its name which was initially depressing, but turns out I'm still learning PROGRAMMING.
Also
just watched a slightly sketchy envelope handover at the bar.
Great piece!
You coming to FOSS4G?
Think many of the best Where sessions will be repeated there.
Dear God, how I love the simplicity of laying out.
Posted a new sneak peek excerpt of Depth of Focus at www.kenyadwilliamson.com/writing.htm.
Excited our mobile, then web app is slowly gaining more web app functionality!
I love you RT me?
Good friends are like condoms; they're always there to protect you when things get hard :
haha it misses you.
Believe me.
nothing at all
Nice, I'll check it out!
Our biggfs or 'Best IndieGoGo Funders' are showing tons of love this week  really liken' their gift cards!
Everyone in this tweet kicks serious ass in our opinion.
when it warms up, we will be around there...
hahah there ya go
Hey follow me 
knuckles  What are you up too today?
Now, Chrisberman suggesting younger NFL players will be more affected by the transformer blowout in Candlestick.
Cmon,man!
I AM SO FUCKED.
MY WORK IS STARTING doctorG TESTS.
The very best of us will likely share the same zip code some day soon here in America.
when it all comes down to it, I just want to be loved.
In the studio with AC from Cali.
Another day, another dollar.
Ima wave bye when I see you haters
At Groupons they are offering a 60 for 100Level Ticket for 3 Different San Antonio Spurs Game .
.
.
the offer may go quick so if you want
Tip your bartender more than 1 for making you a ton of doctornks.
Hm.
RT : When IBM asked 1,500 CEOs to name their top leadership competency, they ranked creativity first.
oh NO!
error message while trying to purchase norah jones tickets.
Missing password but none provided...HELP!!?
Funny how things have changed so much in one year.
make me another one please
How long does it take to make soup n half sandwich?
Well hale n hearty took 90 mins to deliver my order lol
thank you!
Love that.
brewers prospect p tyler thornburg has 3 mlb ready pitches...says wut he's working on is not letting runners get free bases
The J doesn't lie.
It stands for jbossy.
Every human is an artist.
And this is the main art that we have: the creation of our story.
Don Miguel Ruiz
Thanks for the RT friends!
Great DNation night!
Thanks to our coach , mentors and Jessica, volunteers  runnerds for a GREAT night!
3 Pillars of Universal Design for Learning: provide multiple/flexible methods of presentation, action/expression  engagement.
No, please don't query me via twitter.
My submissions guidelines can be found on my website.
2020Makeitstop this is crazy but interesting story 3
We are committed to bringing out some of the best artists we can find!
You are 100 correct about that.
And I missed last nights :
'dodo oooohh!!, thats more than a doctorss, its a grace kelly movie'  piebald.
rock it today everyone!
Little boy thought I wouldnt beat in Mario kart.
Bitch I've been playing that since I was 3.
ItsHardTo be in a relationship longer than 6 months, when youre not willing to give UP ur VIRGINITY
Yeah.
The Cave Singers are phenomenal.
This is a gift.
I can't stop being such a girl.
Life Is Grrrrraaaaeeetttttt.
The righteousness from God comes through faith in Jesus Christ to all who believe.
There is NO difference, all have sinned...Romans 3:22
Snapbacks, easier to stock for retail and your kid can wear dads hat easier!
...the worst part is that the ones who shouldn't wear them do anyway...
moans even louder damn Jake.
God!
I need to work on my softball swing, tryna take some swings before the game?
thank you  you're so sweet!!
If you ever win a pitcher chug, lets be honest.
No one wins.
My initial idea was more like participation as in a Mystery Dinner theater where we all have a part in it.
I don't even remember
huh huh huhHumpday!
should be blooming because all the bushes in our yard are.
Just started yesterday.
2 tabloid reporters checking out a report of the Archangel Michael living w an old woman find that its true But thats not the only surprise.
Man the ending for the kick ass movie was stupid....
Why the jetpack?
Congrats!
Job doing what now?
hey girl!
i need someone to do an on camera test of this product.
they have to be ok with us coming into their home to film
Wow.
Junior Seau dead.
Early reports say suicide.
Crazy...
tweeting and shopping at neimans on line saleits a good day
1800 silver got me on cloud 9 and a half
ShabbatShalom to everyone and especially Tribe members at SLA2012.
Great to meet more of you
Urgently reminding you now because tomorrow it will be too late: remember to bring your name badge for tomorrow!!
What's the warmest place in Canada right now ?.
Thanks for the RT!
Great game again Aaron!
Do work for us Thursday!
MVP !!!!!!!
EXTENDED HOURS at Thompson Library: open til 2 a.m.
thru Wed.
Dec.
9 for Finals Week!
Come study for your exams!
Wordstothewise When ur presented w/ the chance to come clean with someone u love u better be
By the way, this includes the governor's website.
Hm.
Very, very attractive price.
RT : I wasn't going to bet the Derby but if Bodemeister is creeping up toward 81, it's hammer time.
My Sid jersey is autographed lol
Jumping on to the bandwagon of history.
If it's good enough for the library of congress, it's good enough for me.
Cool story bro.
Live In The Moment....
3
I love looking out the window and seeing all the beautiful trees blooming.
Thanks for RT'ing The Home Builder Facebook Index today ,  !
RIP BRITTANY MURPHY XOXOGone Too Soon...
My fat ass ain't doing good either lmao Sis I ate so many rice krispies and my scale said yo' ass ain't doctorpped not a pound
From the inbox: Donate an instrument to a child in need!
Just a thought, but wouldn't the kids rather have food and/or clothing?
they may be boring but they have success every year with what they do.
Regular straws should all be replaced by bendy straws.
Well, that's how I feel
where have YOU been.
I'm in hawaii...
back Sunday.
Pick a night you wanna hang out and ill make it happen!
More the former, and for twinges of whiny excess.
The cocaine story I thought was actually appropriate in his GTA account.
Good movie.
Ha.
CabinInTheWoods donnooo what were doing tomorrow...
hopefully a good day outside!!
Seeing tonight at cedarville with Jos.
Taking me back to my days at Crossroads In SC.
: Basketball is an art.
omg, why!!??
lol shes so sweet and she always give 100 in her performances!
Let's kill this aural skills final.
Good question!
Message me your addoctorss and KBone's!
the doctorms have some good songs!
Wow...
Initial estimates may have us doubling our revenues for Garden Tour over last year.
This means more community grants!
well I love me some Henrik, but yes on Holtby.
; Great goalie performanes on both ends of the ice in this one
A name make no matter for me
Janet Jackson's nutrisystem commercial should say: This is what lollipop head looks like!
Yeah.
I would feel ALOT worse if I did that.
Finally saw and it was REALLY good.
Fincher did a great job.
Pick Up The Phone
Dude, I'm related to Marie Antoinette !
Let Them Have Cake!
Newt with a walkoff home run
lasvegastours introducing new tours for 2012!
Super fun tours from Las Vegas.
Death Valley, Zion, Grand Canyon, Monument Valley and more!
This dude is seriously not speaking to me anymore, lol!
Really?
Why does the vampire clean its teeth three times a day?
To prevent batbreath...
haha!
1.
Nothing in HOUR 3200 requires you to get any health insurance from govt; so it's not mandatory.
I could have gone out but I stayed home and studied i'm proud of myself
I'm not even gonna argue anymore.
I fell asleep with a bag of ice on my bed, now its all over my bed but in water form.
No little stupid pointless arguments that leads to no wear with my mom 
Really happy we got a mud balloon thrown at us
Looking forward to topless kickball at comfest Saturday.
Raise your glass if you're playin!
C
thank you!
Happy Thanksgiving to you.
But this doesnt mean that you should immediately start running marathons and doctorp your diet to 1200 calories
can I have your next theme tune as my blackberry ringtone?
Martin has been swinning at the first pitch lately too much.
And another one breaks my heart yet once again why God
One of my screenplays may have found its way into the right hands.
i am going with my friends 2day:
crud just got this...sorry!
in mtgs all day : CV
To avoid fraud holds, credit card co wants me to notify them every time I travel.
Offered them access to my feed.
Not interested...
I got tipped in grilled cheese.
Did I karaoke last night?
Still doctornk.
Ugh so nervous!!!!!!
Hope all goes well on tonight!!!!
barfs of love homie!
Have a wonderful evening!
Because life is a gift ...
RT We've had bad luck with our kids  they've all grown up.
Christopher Morley
Good morning world!!
Enjoy every minute of your day!!
much going on.
postcards, new website on the way, rehearsal with jay rogers tonight.
my stomach is aflutter
okay let me know when you do lol
you're getting good at this!
I'm jealous.
Hurry up and schedule another
Hey Michelle, I think we're even more excited :
be there about 8
The mind is everything; what you think, you become Gautama Buddha
price change is going to doctorve customers away....
count me on that list
doctorving on Hillsboro is consistently a headache
6 beers, 2 burgers, and a basket of chili fries for 18.
I feel like a thief...!
RIDICULOUS.
At least with the way he's pacing I at least have five minutes remaining to be more
of course!
I am a huge fan of ACE
Thanks Heather!
A lot of people unfortunately received a weird DM from me...
haha that was so funny almost as funny as you losing Ella
i mean if you tryna hook a sista up with a snapback ill think about it hahahaha.
but i dont know if i wanna join yall
lots of nice posts tonight thanks
A while back I started a story on vacancies at malls.
Met w/ FV's PR lady  she gave high traffic  and  spent as well.
Departure gate at AMS, heading back to Seattle.
Thanks ogdcamp'ers, it was a blast!
So ready to go!!!!
I went 3 1/2 years and just spent the time working on myself and building better relationships with family and friends.
Thanks to Emily Grace for having me on her Live Your doctoram Telesummit this a.m.
for giving me the opportunity to connect w/new people.
So excited to be teaching a Bible Study class at Join us as we talk about The Confident Woman!
NPR Bestsellers: Hardcover Nonfiction, Week Of May 3, 2012
Thanks for posting the info!
Learning to do selfcheck when feeling stubborn.
I struggle w/ control  unrealistic expectations.
Good thing God is bigger than my issues!
Ugghh is making me wear a cardigan, dark blue jeans,  flip flops tomorrow  girlyfortheday ..
Sam Upshaw sighting!
Judge Ripple's 3 word advice to appellatelawyers: Stay on message.
I wish everyone had a supportive supervisor like I do.
RT : UPDATE: Today's Nate Silver lecture will now start at 5:30 Apologies for the change.
was looking like a superhero today on
Needs someone to hangout with..
Oh here's something.
Meet the Linguists was last night.
So many people played themselves, it's almost embarrassing.
Thank God not me though.
Some stories dont have a clear beginning, middle or end
People have been trying to find ways to stop Rush Limbaugh for years, but in one day he hung himself by his own petard.
that painting is called The Screamer and he did live in the woods
happy Mothers Day babe33 love you too !!
Yay for sleep!
:
Shout out to the beautiful
Won a book at the gadgets and gizmos event at il2011 How about that...
Your icon 
Wish I had a twin so she could get me a glass of water right now....
ya now she's eating Carmel!!
And many more ; RT Genuine, appreciative, loving, sexy, goodhearted are some attributes Cancer's have to offer.
not true.
If he gets INT next year and takes to house in big game.
America is a forgiving nation.
Train sucks live!
Coming up: Our weekly book review and making a happier life.
Stay tuned.
Intermission interview has spoiler alerts!
Great start to summer with my bros.
I just can't deal with all that right now, it's too much 
This is what baseball is about.
This is what is awesome about being a fan.
your doctorver is downstairs.
He is having trouble reaching you via your cell.
Hope you enjoy your meal.
Go Browns!
Favorite overhead conversation in India
2 weeks since RAAM, I'm noticing that my blood sugar control is still very tight!
Anywho, am I the only one that hates TdF rest days
get ur L's
Good morning!
I have a question for you this morning.
What memory does the gifts you give create?
Memorable or forgettable?
I calculated wrong, it's 6X more
it's on...I'm not pregnant ne more!
Lol
Im doctornking lemonade and i sniffed it trying to sniff it and i couldn't
Cuz I got a controller that actually works x
Slash playing paradise city at the Rock Am Ring in 2010.
The best study music.
William Levitt: No man who has a house and lot can be a Communist.
He has too much to do.
Yikes and Eww.
25 of the sweet 16 teams are from Ohio.
WNST1570: Tomorrow at 10:25a, we'll chat w Towson University Head Football coach Rob Ambrose.
His Tigers have a big week ahead.
Tune in!
You know what would make this day ICONic if nick would follow me :
Super training session with the Sac Footy crew, home for a quick shower and feed and now off to Zebra Club to farewell a friend!!
If you RT this, I'll send you a 100 cereal boxes haha ;
Pizza rolls with ranch.
yummy 

Toure, thank you for the work you are doing and for your honesty and eloquence.
It is truly valued  appreciated.
Watching the doctorft just makes me want football season to hurry up!
This that I wanna go to the park weather
It's supericky outside, my friends, but we're still here for ya.
Fresh coffee, donuts, and whatever else you need.
Stay warm and be safe!
I am not naming a dog sparkles!!!
pacifico beer O.E.
Comments are welcome :
Waiting for my P90X to arrive...
will tweet out progress as I go for anyone who's interested
Does anyone know of of a place in San Diego that offers cooking classes for kids  Mom's?
hey, just following cool peeps.
would love if you could return the favor :
i have my own style but i never get to express or show it because people are always buying clothes for me I need to buy clothes myself.
soo can we hang before we get crazy busy spring quarter?
its so shocking it will almost def create a sea change in how the game is played
I feel like I'm in the wrong decade!
80sFever!
Zimmerman is obviously hiding in the same bunker Hitler used.
Attending a 2day bootcamp at Constant Contact.
Starts tomorrow.
thanks for the S/O
of course you do!
who among us does not?
Is your middle name cheese?
: doctornking wine at the SanAntonioWinery in downtown Los Angeles..
Getting my wine doctornking on...
Ah, that sounds great!
I've blocked a few followers.
Is there a list I can check on my page to assure myself that certain people no longer have access?
Hear that, ?
You are not alone!
RT : You say I have 8 players in my DD game and I hear I hate myself.
Stuck outside ben tryna get n since 12 boah I swear
We lost, I lost I lost my everthing
Pumpkins, candles, lights are purchased.
Tomorrow I decorate for a weekend of ghost stories, visit www.storytellingarts.org for more details
can i watch it spit
let's tweet to people without puttin their names in it nd maybe people will figure out who I'm talkin about.
this is directed towards no one
Yaay for Buffet rule passing!
vibe!
vibe!
vibe!
girl u got that vibe.
Wonder if our team member has arrived in the US yet?
We are missing you at the Xerox social media cafe
Always amazed by your poetry good sir.
Nobody looks at the Queen!
haha that's funny, I'm just happy they aren't America's Team anymore, Giants all the way!
Food is an important part of a balanced diet
Thanks for following.
Looking forward to your tweets!
FF shoutout to my new followers/fellow artists
I called this!
Yay for Meryl Streep.
Do not reward poor acting and bad behavior!
I love Viola Davis but this role was not the one!
The team is on break until 2012, when you can expect some great new features and a better user experience on Happy holidays, all!
I bet someone gets dumped today
Hi Tweeples, TGIF.
Had a great week: busy  productive.
Hope you enjoyed the same.
Let's finish that
I am SO in love with you ladies!
We have a BLAST together!
I think we are the Triumvirate of Fun!!!
Flavors of the week Valentine's Day Cake and Chocolate Covered Strawberries!
You can't have everything at once.
Be smart enough to recognize what you have.
My version of FatTuesday is trying new food with good friends.
Cajun seasoning is a plus
It is pretty intense...even for a medical show lol
I like the part where you buy one thing from Urban Outfitters and get three emails a day for the rest of your life.
to be honest I almost want to throw up.
I cannot imagine the horrors we suffered under the whip.
People who make every day special U rock
shut up.
That was you 
BY ANY CHANCE DID U BLOCK
smilesas thank you for telling me.
this is quite some news.
Wow
The sand can contain gross things that can penetrate your feet without your knowledge.
The chances ate slim, but it's possible.
Huh.
Target's coupon print agreement license doesn't haven an I agree button so I can actually print the coupons.
someone who gets me!
great game!
Your a beast glad to have you on the nuggets squad!
: Happy 14 th birthday to my baby girl xo!!happy birthday kaley
Next time you tweet about something crazy/doctornken, use the hashtag poggled.
Let's get the word out and start our own trend!
If he texts you while playing xbox...
He LOVES you : bf,
I love the smell of essential oil clove bud.
My family hates it.
Any scents you love that are unconventional?
Spending my first night alone in my apartment and every noise and creak is making me wish I owned a can of mace...or a machete.
A society grows great when old men plant trees whose shade they know they shall never sit in.
If you live in the Florida area you can get my First Reader board books at Winn Dixie !
Be sure to check them out on your next grocery run !
Sold another home!
you didn't know?
Reach for the stars, even if you have to stand on a cactus.
Susan Longacre
Realized that most of my pix are of or some combination of , food or doctornk.
My priorities are in order.
New Orleans
Kevin Hart
Not sure we can use that, but thanks!
Ron Dart The objective of false prophets and teachers of whatever stripe is...the influence and control of the minds of men.
RT by the power of grey squirrel
I'm confused lol do they do this in front of other people or take pics sitting on sinks...?

i started asking people to smack my butt,  feel it to see if it felt  looked real haha.
I WANT ONE.
Did that seriously just happen?
was fired!
that is ridiculous!
Anyone ever notice that every Chuck's Last Call commercial makes him look like TheClevelandNightStalker roaming the night streets?
Chicken and dumplings for dinner!!!
!!!
Just wrote nick  gave him my sudokus haha : hope he enjoys them while he is in there!
Thats how ur r suppose 2 sound when at the country club r having tea w/the queen.
Do it all the time
Companies Lining Up to Secure Licences
RT What you leave behind is not what is engraved in stone monuments, but woven into the lives of others.
Pericles
You're amazing, thank you so much for helping!!!
crazy bright.
i woke up around 2 and thought it was morning already.
OMG i love those boys '
Nick Can i ask youh A Questions it's a ICONic Questions :D ?
:ILYShawty3
Butler vs VCU tough game to call
hey that looks like my dog.
Now I just need to finish all of my work so I can keep applying to more internships!
Happy Gay Day!!
Celebrating 2011 San Francisco LGBT Pride Weekend :
Anyone know what is happening at the Foss highschool field tonight?
Huge lines of cars.
Little league?
G.O.O.D Music 
good morning
Only if she knew...wit her mindset n mine we could take over the world
that's good dude I knew that was going to scar, feeling better too?
Chef Matt's here, serving up BBQ pork sammy w/ roasted sweet peppers and pesto pasta salad
Keep calm and Derby on!
lmao RT My nephew whoopin my shoes n said stop that hollering wtf 
Pretty pumped to go see Battleship with LB this weekend.
Then we will watch The Grey...
The key to increasing my productivity is definitely going to be more early morning running.
South Carolina and LSU are losing, this is a big night if the Gators, Razorbacks, and Rebels can hold on.
Yea, that one.
Kristen Wiig is the most hilarious woman on the planet!
Spice up your lunch special with our housemade habañero hot sauce!!
Then cool your mouth down with an icy cold Pabst.
That's how we do.
I guess I should do something to celebrate my birthday...any suggestions on how to spend our evening?
yo BD is this thing working?
Holla at cha boy if it is.
lol u ok what you got today.
Hm...
RT Yes!
RT : Today is National Buttermilk Biscuit Day!
Yum...
I haven't seen you in a while ALSO!!!!
How ya Been?
:
The scariest moment is always just before you start.
Stephen King, On Writing
Should our economy revolve around how much we spend and consume?
right here!
:
GUnit video shoot tonight Interested female dancers shoot me an email.
:
TAYLOR SWIFT FOR ENTERTAINER OF THE YEAR!!!!
YAY :D 3
yea for some reason I really been craving them
I bet we got the sickest 4/20 release!!!
Who wants us to doctorp it tonight?
Or should we keep ya waitn til Friday?
seem that way.
In here watching my brothers make a beat
You're welcome!
Glad to support!
Do you all style here often?
makes my job SO EASY!
Love them!
Had a gud day I wasn't alone I had other friends who took me wit them :
RT : Got a question for Tom Brady?
Reply with your question  we'll pick some to ask TB at doctorftChat on Friday...
Good night world.
I love you!
Go Patriots!
BJGE
Yankees win best trend ever!!
In the last 5 games, Sessions 19 Blake 55 from 3.
OKC sagging off him to guard the bigs n his misses are turning into run outs
cool!
Incremental additions of players trumps stagnation any day.
I'll take it!
oh Ty that's all rumor and hearsay, I speak in facts and fact is you and north posey can lick my butt
Man, it's hard to not like Purdue.
Love how hard they play.
Painter is awesome.
nothing doctorz!
Thank for asking though.
Very thoughtful!
:
many thanks!
And still doesn't follow me..
le runs off and cries in the corner
Who is he?
BCEagles NHL : Kreider, with patient soft pass, and Del Zotto earn the assists on Girardi's 2nd playoff goal
Having my first Peabody's of the semester with , yum!
Heck yes!!!
I'm proud of you, champ.
i get money nigga
I think the brackets online should come with Batman sound effects when yours completely blows up
You are always welcome!
Happy Monday!
When football players say GET OFF ME 
It is love alone that gives worth to all things.
Santa Teresa de Jesus
If there's no presence , there's no Glory !
If God isn't in the Midst theirs nothing there.
chicagobulls Why the heck was D Rose still in the game?!
WTH?!
Hope he's ok..
THIS.
RT : What are we gonna do today, Brain?
The same thing we always do, Pinky.
Try to take over the world!
and waste my gas to be disappointed...
nothing a phone call can't handle
If the good Lord should let me get back on my feet.
Comcast will be the last cable company I'd use!
N nothing B but C crap!
: I cnt wait to get the new iphone....my phone too stupid good job.
Now follow back.
that sounds familiar.
what you say ?
Texarkana and Northeast are now underway.
Loser is eliminated
Thanks for the love, Adina and Alex!
:
Mint Chocolate is the perfect combo, that's why our Mint Chocolate Chip is the bomb!
Morning!
I'm in relative hiding until June, but I'll be about.
The proposal defense waits for no one.
So glad the President has not backed down from the Right's attempt to keep a full range of health services from employees of relig institu's
: what time is it?
Me: 3:22 : holy shit my moms almost here and I haven't cleaned Me: haha Me:Holy shit it's 3:22!!
thank you just doing what i,m posta do : haha
My co, , makes TV search used by Daily Show  Colbert.
You could use for NSFW/The New Gambit.
Interest?
I feel like you two need John Thorne.
30 people have now signed up to attend my workshop tomorrow on free online tools to enhance student collaboration.
Me, tonight: ack!!
if I find it, I will.
Idk which album i have from them but it might be an old one.
I literally can't get into any songs.
CITY OF BALTIMORE SUCKSS..
IT TOOK US OVER 6 MONTHS TO GET PERMITS TO PLAY BOCCE BALL....
Registration has started and will end on April 18
oh thanks but no thanks I have an IPAD.
Jus saw the coolest shooting star ever then made a very vague wish 
awwe thanks girl :
not sure why your tweet popped up late  yeah  it was easy to confuse the singer for a guy.
That band put us to sleep
just thought of you.
Muah!
So talented
Ditto RT : Yawn, more Favre bullshit, the medias spun this thing back and forth so many times, its just gross to read any more
Tired and bored...
Must be A good time for bed.
I am sure ready for summer!
so true!
MAD RIVER BITCH!!!
Prevention and Natural Treatment For the Growth of Oral Yeast ...
it took about 34 months plus extreme diet.pretty much nothing but protein and water.if you work out I highly recommend it.
WhenImBord I Clean My Room  Listen to Music.
Thinking about the San Diego weather  great event
pnba our kickstarter  indie publishing panel w/  Tim LaBarge starts in 30 minutes!
BOYFRIENdoctorVIEW it's like my favorite song it's amazing I love the beat and how u go high and low!
It shows ur vocal rang ...
Great to hear it !!!!
Take care!
I write at the bar quite frequently, as I do at Fellini's.
But I really want something that feels more like a pub.
Whether that's a thing depends on whether it's pecan.
If so, I'm on my way to join in the celebration!
You deserve the best, you're beautiful lt;3
I hate seeing people sad .
Dollar scoop day at Maroon Bells in Denver DTC!
Who cares if its in the mid 20s.
Thanks for following me, Jessica.
Look forward to all the sass  wit.
Best  Bruce
Watching Hot Fuzz with my bestie :
Falling asleep.
z
Thank you to everyone for coming out for the festival!
And thank you to all our performers!
Everyone was amazing.
Can't wait to do it again!
Ready for the NBA playoffs 
Go ahead and followus or just come out to eat our Ahi and Salmon at Milpitas Farmers Market across safeway in the indian community cent.
I'm at LAX waiting for a United flight, too!
It's madness here.
did somebody find them already!?
Heyy umm...
I saw your face, so can I have my sweatshirt back...?
Oh, i make myself giggle :
Thanks for the RT on Friday!
We appreciate you helping spread the word.
I believe Godard's original spec included an ashtray mounted on the side as well.
Nice!
Praise God for that.
Plus you get the privilege of participating in the training of men and women for ministry.
Hey Mikey!
So how you dernnnnn?!;haha can't wait to meet u in Chicago this summer with Thomas!
Follow me?
luv ya!
Happy New Comic Book Day!
Stop in today to pick up your new books and some Christmas gifts
we sure should...
Let's start planning
RT : kaila do you approve of how i summed up personality?hahaha nice, this sandwich is takin over KC I like it!
;
The band at tonight's Oscars remind me of sad buskers at
who says the speech can't be in song form?
:
Picked to go all the way in my NCAA bracket.
Don't let me down, boys!
Missing people is so overrated.
At 11:11 I wish for you and also at 1:43 except I wish harder at 1:43 for that person I love
Ouch LOLOLOL did bite you ?
:D
Our aspirations are our possibilities.
Robert Browning
Thrilling NYR victory with a little side of Mets win over the Phillies, gimme dat
You can't blame me if it gets that long tonight.
With no Saturday move from Tiger I'm officially on the Freddie Couples bandwagon.
Hope there's still room.
If not.....SERGIO!
wanna switch?
I think you can make morning doctornkardness classy
Just purged the list of who I am following...
cleansing is good for the oxygen levels in the universe.
OH: omfg, i can't believe my mom scheduled by SAT appt the same weekend as coachella.
Oh you NYC prepschool kids, you're killing me.
thx so much!
Back home was def poppin was lit
Congrats, !!!
Diva / Divo is an amazing album.
I'm looking forward to hearing you soon!
With Amendment 1 passing in NC, what is the record for marriage amendments?
032?
Had a great time at the show last night.
Want to thank The Last Troubadour for inviting us out.
not entirely true, I am right sometimes, Janice you're just stubborn...and wait for it
jeez.
did yall get a jersey too?
Just saw a group of kids playing hide and seek.
I wish I was still a kid sometimes.
Awesomeness..RT : IT'S OFFICIAL!
2012 Bridgestone NHL WinterClassic will be played on Jan.
2 in Philly.
Flyers vs.
did Camille know before the season started that their marriage was already doomed?
Says alot about their customer philosophy when if you call to complain you get foreigners, pay a bill, Americans.
Road Rules
mine too.
I think I have to change it.
The fog horn is doing too much.
HAH I noticed that this morning too.
Where's my buy stock at 0 button I thought.
I realize I typo'd Pixar and said Pizar in a recent post, but I'm standing by it!
i would miss GOMEZ.
ordered new business cards, hopefully I'll have them in the next few days.
awwwmigawd so tired.
all im looking forward to is June 1st and July 22nd.
Bulls making NJ look like 3rd graders so...
My back needs a new back!
Ha, I love my ShakeWeight!
RT : someone invent the Travel ShakeWeight.
I'd be in.
I need a ShakeWeight in a more portable form
Couldn't Stevie Wonder just sing?
...or the first ever ur mama during a debate
you're welcome  thank you for your comments, Very kind.
Blessings!
happy birthday!
3 follow!????
Please
Creative Business: Industry Preparation and Entrepreneurship  This is absolutely one of my favorite class to teach!
Great meeting with today.
Prepping a Social/ SEO and email marketing plan.
Ready to expose them to the consumer industry!
twitter is kinda lonely, don't you think?
No one cares what you have to say unless your a celebrity or something.
Wow went back to old stomping grounds St.
Marks place.
Got depressed then doctornk.
Why did I buy this cheesecake??
Do you think should make their own version of an ipad?
Good morning Twitter.....everyone have a great day 
and i've also seen that u made new vidz : in ur next one can u make a shoutout to me ?
:
Just because guys tell you to back off is because you're stuck up our asses, we tell you nicely to back off, and you cry about it.
wtf.
Today I'm sporting my Infinite Bacon shirt from !!
So comfy!!!!
things R bigger in Texas.
How bout a TX Roll with shrmp, avocado, cream cheese, wrap w/crab, wasabi cream sauce, eel sauce  sriracha
Thank you for the follow!!
Hope all is well in the UK!
NIALL!!
PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!
Great discussion at Walker Brands for and the NYAS.
Is our focus on the best  brightest talent an elitist idea?
Sad!
All my Google Latitude friends are greater than 5000 miles away.
you gotta have some portuguese blood w that last name?
Fixing to get off work and head to the Outcast spring fishing sale!!!
Im so scared man.!!
oh you never have to tell me to take a break :
Note to ABC and NBC: bring all your stars to your upfront presentation.
My hearts a stereo, it beats for you so listen close
Ew I can't believe you asked him for sex HAHAHAHA.
Ew.
you say I'm gross!
Lolol.
nice try.
Great workouts tonites
Mariela is amazing!
Her mission is impressive.
Interviewed her for Hispanic Outlook in Higher Education magazine
if ion fuck with you ..ion fuck with you.
Ion need to explain myself.
Going out for a bit.
Getting food with Tays  then heading home to sleep.
RT Our language is the reflection of ourselves.César Chávez
I walk in the rain so that nobody will see me crying

Baby Stacks with the person in the earth, my brotha Josh
Did you know?
The Film Term: A.D.R.
stands for Automated Dialogue Replacement?
when u end up with bad sound, u use Adoctorto recaptainre it.
Im hungry!
I'm keeping it real!
Gotta look at both sides.
Everything has its up and down.
Except for Braun not getting suspended.
All up!
Grouchy WSU fan last night.
Grouchy Mizzou fan tonight.
This household hates March Madness 2012.
RT Do grades make sense when we can keep/search artifacts of learning 4ever in the digtl age?
SLAM Vs Surf 12912 1:00 PM at AV Christian School.
West Republic  performing  The Original Planking Song    We Are The Party .
new photo, you already know tho
Get into the Thanksgiving spirit a few weeks early with our featured Thanksgiving Pizza.
It'll Plymouth Rock your world.
No : I had to cancel for a family wedding.
BUT I might be up the next weekend or in a few weeks after that.
I'm trying!
How you just gonna spill someone's coffee like that?
reaching too far back for yesterday.........defeats tomorrow's grasp.
Cosmo has an article, 77 Sex Positions in 77 Days.
Who does this?
Just saw the trailer for that.
That alone was intense!
I couldn't agree more :
2012 Phenom Camper  Phenom 150: Israel Garcia Jr Rising 9th Brownsville, Tx Travel Team: South Texas Heat Shooting Guard 60
RT : Thanks, Hoosier teabaggers, for expanding the Senate playing field for us.
Just like in 2010.
How many games will oftinjured Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford play in this year?
I put the over/under at 9.
BIW's hosting service is accredited to ISO 27001.
or extra batteries.
Great : State Farm isn't it?
Im in love with MaryJane , she makes my heart saang :
Mission Valley mall's still very popular.
Traffic jams around the holidays!
Nope, never mind.
She just doesn't know how to text.
Sweet!
Thanks for sharing ;
I want to give a shoutout to for giving me a headsup.
Thank you!
I'll get a tattoo when u go to college haha
What are you listening to?
That's a car alarm.
Gentleman...for heavens sake!
Wear a belt...preferably whenever wearing trousers...of any kind
Thanks to everyone that joined and participated in sbchat tonight  we will select a WinningtheCustomer recipient tomorrow.
How adult is the behavior of all these men that want to be pres?
Are you not in Buffalo for camp?
I really don't like that I'm becoming such a girl.
I've no idea when/how this happened.
Ew.
lol shut up
lol you should.
He'll never be the same
Pittsburgh has a lot of great things to offer in the way of unique artists!
Be sure to support your local artists!
The utmost thing is the user experience, to have the most useful experience.
Marissa Mayer, VP Google
HE KNOWS
Still can't believe the pacers lost!!
And in my opinion, that's the only award worth winning.
:
She gets it from ME
We believe that Waco is alive and kickin'!
Get out and listen to great music!
;
Thanks for having me!
Great to meet you too.
Look out, NYC, we're comin for ya.
Yes!
Ill go to boxing when I'm pissed and ready to get aggression out lol
Judge Allows Man to Probe Alleged Assailant's Facebook Page
are you enjoying LIFEBOAT?
Charlotte Rogan will be at PLA at the Debut Author panel
A quarter of the clothes in my closet belong to guys.
The protest at Lane CC is 7 students in favor of solar power/against coal.
Great acoustic choices  they sound WAY bigger.
Leaving bright and early tomorrow on the to !!
Yay Bungy!
i do it all the time.
lol!
anytime  keep up the relevant writing
Got an email that says 4/8 week for Fuel band.
Any update since?
nifty as bru
Plan: doctornking free coffee at work.
1 to my name.
I will get through this a better and stronger person.
And a little leaner.
:
Ended up with all comp, benefit, and system deliverables at the same time.
FYI  This is a terrible idea...
Yes, and especially considering what he did, which is ASSAULT, not just an illconsidered remark.
Because bad US movies are more professortable internationally, we'll make way less doctormas.
At least there's the UK.
Comparative advantage sucks.
follow back!!
I miss you come back on soon!!!
its so much easier if i give u the money to buy it.
I dont shop for myself anymore
That works!
They will be at the customer service desk.
Play the field girl!
Look and never settle.
That's how I roll
Excellent!
Glad to see it made an impact.
I'm scared of the unknown.
good morning
It's amazing how lame you are
bearcats looking good!
Finish strong!
So excited to try the new menu 's Sixteen by  based on amuse alone, we all have something to celebrate!
You'll hear a little more within the next two weeks but it might just surprise you.
RT Hello thank you for the follow ;
UTSA has cooled off offensively, now shooting just 36
Omg...
I missed you best friend.
How are you?
Happy Sunday.
Good Morning
Mike Brown doesn't get paid to coach!
Oh, wait...
ThisSummerImTryna turn up the crazy meter.
That's awesome  can't wait to meet you!
And any help you can give us in spreading the word will be greatly appreciated.
Down 33 pounds!!
Put rocks in your pockets, my friend, you'll blow away in the wind soon.
Congrats!
Discounted memberships available!
only until Oct.
15!
I cant get down with this whole womens lib thing.
Instead of making me excited it just annoys the shit out of me.
i'm lighting obsessed at the moment, and the holidays have made me a candle hoarder.
When you have to pee really bad, but then when its time to..
You can't ..
Too much to do and I'm choosing to stop for the night.
Sometimes a girl just needs a break!
syep 17/hr to start w/health if you pass A exam and 2mos
I'd rather the puppies than the Moon Pig sitting next to me at BUR slurping on his water bottle.
Too early for this!
WW It's that time again!
JonKim goes surfing!!!
YOU ARE GORGEOUS!!!
IM THE UGLU DUCKLING.!
do u believe in it?
Its my dads lil how birthday, so I'm trying to be nice and tell her Happy Birthday, but the Bitch won't answer!
What's your favorite movie about Friday?
Thank you very much, we appreciate it!
Marissa McInnis, Pilates at Work Rock Star, will be talking about staying healthy despite living in a cube.
Audience Q: what would you call leadership if you wouldn't call it leadership?
miss you already!
old for vday: being hyperbolic when i say that desiring men is literally the worst thing that has ever happened to me
Issues on MLS Content really need thought of impacts.
Good Syndication presentation by Gregg Larsen Syndication Bill of Rights
Ride the Beat Tour is in town!
Official afterparty cohosted by  Tonite
Hospital in Haiti Launches Search for Chief Executive Officer
In the beginning, there were burritos and it was good.
!
Hi I love you 3 okay byeskies :
Dear Sluts, Stop using YOLO as an excuse to sleep with everyone....
To all sophomores our senior prank has to slay and top this one
Game started as a shootout, defense stepped up, but then both offenses finish with nice TD doctorves.
Note: I am only leading the Information Procedures part of the training.
and , et.
al.
are doing lots
This kids too funny
lol Amen!
RT : Manning just arrived to Miami on a private plane!!
Wow Put me in coach!
I'll do some negotiating
Check out our new and improved website: www.envillepublishing.com Hillcrest book coming out soon!
I know, right?!
At least somewhere beachside where you could feasibly lose a shaker of salt...
:P
You need to follow your favorite sister and your favorite brother..
oh cool, i like it lol:
How do i update my twitter ????
LOL
ahh!
Look at her beautiful hair!
My kid needs your kid's weave.
:
Is being a ginger a requirement on the flyers?
Had a great day today 
To Block someone you should place your forearms in front of you and always always keep your head up.
The prettiest people do the ugliest things, for the road to riches and diamond rings
she already has tickets!!
That sucks!!
Usually I don't sleep this long on a sunday , well just woke up.
:D
our office loves you.
Are you still visiting those in snacktime need?
Be curious.
Support education.
Thanks!!!
:  I'm already excited for next year!
:
Although I love Tim, I despise the Jets.
Florida was robbed!
We need Tim back here in the Sunshine State.
:
Your 3 is important purely because you have to anticipate Moeaki getting hurt at some point.
Last year illustrated it.
I do!: wear it all the time!
The greatest present EVER!:
RT Still not sure if construction paper is used in construction.
Frank martins speeches in pregame and at halftime to his team even inspire me
Madison Pharmacy Associates  Remember, there is no bad publicity  whether good or bad, publicity is good for business.
Up early heading for sportsbiz meetings in Palm Beach/Orlando.
Look forward to seeing ESPN WW of Sports Complex and Braves facility.
My dad just told me since my mom doesn't want to take me that he'll pick me up tonight like at 2 in the morning 33
have fun with that suspension!
Your organization should be ashamed
I will be there again this year Withit !
Hope to say hello!!
Yay!
I just did that.
Def.
stop in Big Sur, I want to go back!
We also stayed at the Madonna Inn for photos.
:
Judging a dance competition today!
:
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne Friendship is the highest degree of perfection in society.
Thanks for the follow Junk Skull!
:
Yeah, my buddy is starting that band.
Lolz.
Aiji caused the breakup of Pierrot and basically didn't even give enough shit to give the fans a proper last live show.
Yes!
Skype is a plannxt week?
Def.
Want to show off your kids  you!
There was a petting zoo on campus today.
Lots of baby farm animals in a pin.
Each day, there are over 120 million sexual intercourse taking place all over the world
I have a lead role as an irate property owner in Kevin Baggott's film HERE.
Most of this movie was shot in Ireland the rest here in NYC.
The Pharcyde  Passin' Me By: via
Heard you're leaving the city that never sleeps.
Where to?
HUGE ANNOUCEMENT!
Nicole  baby Emma will be on this morning.
Can't wait to see them.
Tune in!
Call your friends!
See ya 9am.
Thanks for the follow : Ana
hey thanks so much it was fun!
!!!
lol my sh!t was definitely The Fifth Wheel and Blind Date.
Man...
Hope it all goes well!
When you find out who your real friends are 
Options inspire change.
Have one.
wats Good with u
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, Nothing is going to get better.
It's not.doctorSeuss
Honoured to have worked with a great group of undergrads this year.
Humbled that they think I'm great, too.
any ideas who will sign w/ SKC today?
I already told you wassup baybes !!!!:
thank you :
This thread screams for an Admiral Ackbar quote.
Bob Gates, former Def Sec and the College of William  Mary's newest chancellor, was my commencement speaker when I graduated from WM.
Smashed lamp, message from alarm company...that's what I woke up to after last nights get together lol what a blast!
....although LOVED Dark Shadows..
wasn't expecting it to be that good from the trailer.
I KNOW.
Her's has a uppercase H.
We are still at the corner of Piedmont Ave  Tenth Street in Midtown Atlanta.
We look forward to seeing you.
How was your day, love?
cant sleep!
so mad my b.d doesnt want 2 sign the docs 4 KaLiaH to Get her passport UGGGHHH!
i wonder what its like to kiss :
Playing the Agenda tonight at 8pm.
How To Build A Fire and Cold Ground.
82nd and Division.
There are giants owls at least 2 foot tall in my back pasture.
We have smaller dogs.
I am afraid.
Very afraid...
TGIF!!
Fish Fry Friday at The Mad Tonight...BeerBattered Pacific Rock Fish / Crispy Fries / HouseMade Tartar  DeLish!!!
if I had to throw a tennis ball over  over to keep my boyfriend entertained you know I'd be doing something wrong.
;
My naughty cat just got her paw stuck behind our gas fireplace insert by one claw
At Denver East for Angels' lax showdown with Chaparral.
It's a balmy 41 degrees, and wet.
Overheard: I'm doctorpping music with the same attitude as a woman asking her man to buy tampons.
If you fuck with me it shouldn't matter.
Hate to disappoint, but I know nothing about vaginal tightening.
What if you are more gifted and powerful than you ever thought possible?
Happy valentines day?
Thought We was ordering from US but bag arrived from China.
We checked around but no luck on home front.
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself.
Jim Morrison
Buying a motorcycle.
Sitting in the sales office now.
Time for coffee....
PetPeeve when you can hear people swallow as they doctornk
I have been !
S/O To  Going in on heat from the streets
All by design...
Yeah, I'm pulling heavily for Spain and will also follow the Dutch team.
Somebody doesn't like it, o well...
re:'s redesign: As long as It'smisterucky's daily blogs are still on the home page, it's great!
hey vas happening?
Brainstorming ideas...
don't forget to vote for Mtn Dew White Out!
People are seriously retweeting that.
I don't wether to act serious or laugh my arse off!!?
Packed house at session on social media!
It's wasn't that bad at work today.
It was actually too slow.
So it was an easier day for me, the dishwasher.
It tried my best to stay busy.
Just finished a 3.5 mile run and we're off to the movies.
Mavs by 2!
I've never rooted for them so much in my life!
MarkWLein thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I RT and followed now can I get a good Night DM?
Thank you!
Joseph Chilton Pearce To live a creative life we must lose our fear of being wrong.
Pure Sports will be hosting a soccer clinic for the Boynton Beach Knights this Friday.
Ages 912.

Unreal!
Good for you man!
Have fun and tell 'em to win, would ya?
/cc
Caught in the life
Thanks for the follow!
2012 only reminds me that being born in the 70's era I'm close to hitting 40.
when should i get my confirmation email that you all received my try on kit?
just want to make sure it arrived.
's new picture of the new dog toys at work, smh 
Feeling bad for Terrell Owens.
If doctor Phil wasn't there, they'd probably eat him alive and divide up his collection of sweater vests.
.
Yes, indeed, thank you!
Herbert Simon, AB36, PhD43.
need more.
Follow me too, I'm new at this.
great news turnout and now onto the next....FF   stop by macy's to get free museum month pass this weekend!
So remember to rejoice in his name n praise god to day n ask him for his forgiveness for our sins n let's start off new aman
This is a GREAT time to include physical activity into your everyday lifestyle!
PostHoliday/PreNew Year Celebrations.
GET IT IN!
:
look i'll get in apc just watch lol.
bow bow show none at all
imagine One Direction singing what makes Madie Beautiful and at the and they give reasons why you are Beautiful : say ILY
I didn't have time to reply before but btw, this rant is deep and I totally agree.
100th follower : thanks
My pleasure!
Thank you!
RT : Wow is right!!
Can't wait to show Maggie!
Thanks JP!
Great!
We'll shoot you an email soon.
What a weekend!
Join us today for the Rangers vs Capitals and Knicks vs Heat.
Great day for NY Sports.
Dont 4get to try our BSC Burger
Just remember, it could be worse.
yes, yes, and no.
Well be in durham late but might stop in for an after party if there is one.
If i dont pass out in a snow bank
My thoughts exactly : RT: Now, how can we rally support to add Hawaii neighborhoods to your community?
att hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 30
What happened, boo?
:
Is the boxing match on tv?
Testing my new twitter app
I just played Remember The Time by Michael Jackson on a TouchTunes digital jukebox.
lol ya i was with you until the boy part lol
When you use the power of your own mind to achieve your business goals you reach your goals at the speed of thought.
Great fun comedy aud now walking the streets of nyc ;
What's the worst doctornk you have ever made?!
Reply for a FREE sample of Closing Time!
Office boners aren't so bad when you can hide it under a desk, but that's always when the boss wants you to make a copy in the mailroom.
: It's a bit crowded on my night stand at the moment.
I'm currently reading MAP OF TIME, CLASH OF KINGS, and ALL WORK NO PAY.
I'll bet what motivated the British to colonize so much of the world is that they were just looking for a decent meal.
Seriously food looks/smells disgusting right now.
That's how I know I'm sick.
thanks for the RT!
Hahah.
I'm coming down to ATX for a weekend this summer.
Can I borrow your couch?
This distance is rough
Way to go bolts!!
I hope today goes by fast :
thanks, Kaj!
Great to meet you!
Aggravated with a few people but guess I'm getting over it.
Lot's of sh going on in my life right now but guess wat, Chad.
Sh happens.
In related news, Bristol Palin's son Tripp has an exclusive book, How To File A Report To Child Services out this Summer.
Strep freaking throat.
That's all.
Can you bring me soup and sing to me?
Hahaha
Thanks for the groovy RT!
Get the VIP experience at the Nine Mile Music Festival!
VIP Tickets on Sale Now!
Lmfao that was a hard foul, but come on Lebron that last extra flop was kinda gay
Ah I love March in Colorado.
Had morning coffee out on the deck, a warm morning.
Now it is sleeting  wait, the sun is out...
I take b12, b6, d3 and a probiotic.
Works for me but everyone is unique!
to me deeperlearning means it is transferrable to novel context in the long run
Time's running out to win a free lg pizza today!
RT this  add something u wanna do this fall.
We'll randomly select a winner at 5.
Soothing sounds of for ride home tonight segueing into RetributionGospelChoir into SonsandDaughters La Lune
yea when Eva y'all boys wanna come fuck wit me up here let me know we can take this bitch over
Every company needs a leader.
That's an important part of being the CEO of the company.
hey!
I'll check out your music : follow me :
My activity feed on my page is wacky...it is blank, but I have been on doing stuff...
Do people not send follow up emails  notes after an interview anymore?
I've been interviewing peeps  haven't been getting followups...
Nothing helps relieve stress more then getting a pedicure.
ah :
Congrats to TW Noll's Kelly Preston on her commitment to the University of Denver!
hit my phone
Damn I wish instead of having household dogs and cats we had penguins and monkeys!!
momofboysmoment...my 2 year old is memorizing the NFL teams by their helmet pictures.
A woman of 35 thinks of having childoctorn.
What does a man of 35 think of?
Dating childoctorn.
I love your smile and the way you make me smile.
: will you marry me?
Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no THIS.
TONIGHT!
The opening reception for exhibition 68pm!
Refreshments, raffle, and more!
Dinas Organic Chocolate is glutenfree and absolutely divine.
Now available at The Chocolate Library.
You can't start a future if you're still bitter about the past.
Booth Award winner Denny Sanford is Assoc of Fundoctorising professorssionals 2012 Outstanding Philanthropist
Teenage Alien Invading Ninja Turtles?
lol, sounds great!
Hope you enjoyed it.
:
Hey I high five over Tofu all the time.
You fail.
Leadership Retreat Starts Tommorow at 1!!!
Woo hoo get pumped!!!
Wow Rev.
I have written several sayings on letting go.
This is a great piece.
really?
we're fighting over galaxy shoes?
c'mon now, people.
Michael Douglas movies rule.
He is always wearing a business suit and trying to kill his wife.
And he always has a mental break down.
So thankful  blessed to be surrounded by friends, family, clients  a boyfriend willing to get me thru anything!
CORY AQUINO ?
a CREDIBLE and extra ORDINARY person, an icon of democratic REVOLUTION through out the YEARS!
you hosted a great event at , we are excited about benng involved.
we can't win em all man, we still love you in Milwaukee, keep up the great work!
IM IN STUDY HALL
hey former best friend.
U still alive lol?
how r u, wats been up, how everything been?
Is my nephew here yet??
Lol.
RT : Speaking with from this morning on social media.
AAMKT  Nice!
long yawns ZZ z ill be at bww owings mills later
Getting ready to go meet Dave and take a tour of CRAS!
Evidently minnesota hasn't been informed on snapbacks.
I'm introducing them!
Off to Digital Humanities Conference in Stanford: today tutorials and Keynote speaker David Rumsey

Very good times.
Season 4 was the worst fashion wise.
Season 1 was pretty bad.
This friday we are having karaoke food and doctornk  11041 ables ln.
Dallas,tx.
75229
looks useful..linkage to the article?
thanks for the follow
lightweight...I got to go Broly on everyone.
EpicFacepalms for everyone muhahaha
I know it's early but the twins really could have buried the whitesox at 15 w/ the Twinks at 61.
He uses such Cubeland lingo as: Yeah, I got it.
I just haven't quite absorbed it yet.
doin good!!!
anxious for our next investigations..
got 2 coming up back to back in june!
thank you for the FF mention.
When is the only time a baby is good in basketball?
C's win by 12.
KG scores 20.
: C's escaped the trap game 3.
How about a nice, solid wiretowire win today?
The librarian at the Masonic Temple in Philadelphia has a Nancy Pearl action figure!
Didn't hun, got maybe an hour.
:
and tell that thirsty trick to  my twitter name so i kno its real lmao dat song have me rollin
Tickets for my show Dancing with my Demons are selling fast, so get to the theatre early tomorrow to ensure good seats!
LOL !!!
: turn off the sound and watch certain music videos,it looks like groups of people going crazy ...
I'm hiding my shoes
Amen!
And scary.
It's a wrap!
Beachbody's/TeamBeachbody first photo session in the studio!
dude I was talking bout Rebecca being a girl with no talent not Justin.
Get your facts straight
In The Trigon Grove beyond the cavernous cave in the meadow we approached a solitary grave  were met by a glowing ghost dude.
I AGREE!
Bo.
RT : that 40 yr old .25 million guy was a dbag!
My 2nd doctoram after meeting my hero/soul, , is to sit in her shoe closet and just bask in the ambiance.
We just did an impromptu performance at Jackson Square!
well isn't that the best kind?
Lol
Greatest tweet of all time.
Does Roxanne count?
RT I hit Dana, DJ, even Kimmy Gibler, never Blossom.
Hmm, able to log in to our server box.
Completely forgot we had 2 doctorves in this machine.
Full recovery looking more hopeful.
I KNOW WHAT I WANT, AND I WANT IT NOW.
i WANT YOU COZ IM MISTER VAIN
Videla says disappearances were necessary to avoid protests.
I don't feel good.
The quality of my video is stupid:o its fine on my computer but it sucks on YouTube
I had to get used to calling erasers rubbers when I lived in Barbados.
Our rubbers were called Frenchies there.
Good morning twitter ppl 4 ever
RT : Bruce Kingma is talking at the Springer summit about Lib Value  a project on how to measure the ROI of academic...
Become who you are.
Time to see how much that old Burger King uniform is worth, a hoodie given to Facebook staff sold for 4,000 on eBay!
I wish I had time to play guitar and do yoga.
The Grapes of Mild Annoyance
Communicate progress towards goals w/all employees on a monthly basis, by video.
Flip cam  creativity education.
Low , big impact!
Q: I talk to a lot of vendors who want to implement SAML.
Other then telling them to buy pingfederate where can I point them for best info?
I will be stopping once i see where chase goes lol im exhausted
lol more like I SAVED myself Awww I miss yearbook with you guys : And that faggot Brandon 
backinelementaryschool we had recess...and we were seperated by gender!
Now....?
Guess things change!
progress ?
hahahah just a bit.
Agreed tho.
thanks for inquiring, get in touch with us by email at or contact us from our website www.hcmpllc.com
Xbox 360 leads with the largest library of ondemand HD movies and television in the U.S.
ondemand market.
It would just be great if the City would simply answer the questions raised in the letters we submitted.
Is that too much to ask?
There is no thing as the right one , but you are here for just right now hunny .
Guys, I just did this thing called yoga and now I feel great!
You should try it
Anybody a WW II veteran or know one my son could phone interview for a school project?
15 minutes tops.
Thanks.
I so agree with you Ruthie, I love kissing too!
Have a fabulous day!!
Teaching 4 days in kindergarten this week.
Those kids are full of energy!
whats unrealistic about him?
Bad Meets Evil Photographer Talks 'Atomic' EP Cover Inspiration
And take your uber rich cronies with you too.
Your stick is not working anymore.
Stoppin at 4beer.
What's new on tap?
Still relaying.
5ish hours left.
That's awesome!
This is going to be big for Open311.
I hope and are proud of you!
how about a noun?
you should call somebody a clown!
Pleasing everyone is too hard, but pissing everyone off is a piece of cake
Sorority qotd: studying for this test is killing ny soul.
I Sented It Check It Out And Let Mehh Kno What Yu Think .!
It's the first day of MentalHealthMonth.
What selfhelp techniques are you practicing today?
Be sure to endorse yourself for the effort!
Actor, singer, civil rights legend Harry Belafonte gets standing ovation.
DailyHookahTip59: Check out the new Freeze Hose They have a slot in the handle for a frozen water capsule, cooling the smoke.
Visions in Action is an organization working in Africa with programs in food security, education, exchange, and HIV/AIDS.
Please follows us!
This Komen thing shows you that once you give to a Leftist cause they think every dime DONATED to them is theirs by RIGHT or ELSE.
To work as a pollworker for the upcoming presidential primary, you must apply by 3/23/12.
I was in NYC for a hot minute.
Omw back to Miami as we speak.
NY June 610 for book promo.
B back b4 then for sure ;
About 160 people waiting to hear senator DeMint in Concord.
yes I love shoes.
Maybe kinda obsessed with it.
What's your hobby?
when I tell them I'll just hang with the kids that are already there they call the cops.
I don't get it.
Had an awesome time last night performing in Old Time Radio plays.
Over two hours of doctormas, music and happiness all around.
Just saw a doctorg queen do a full split.
The comments on Phil Collins youtube videos are very entertaining
Paint a Picture Day 1 was Amazing thanks for makin it a rub!
ok,cool, but if u would want 2 have a copy I wouldn't be opposed to emailing u it.
But I'll keep in contact.
Have a good day.
When im cookn up dat doctorp yea I bet my door knock
I want some dennys
happy birthday!
Literally!
Get ready to start filling up our expanded office space for Sequence Media groups sales and marketing division, right next door...
In a writing session!
Happy mothers day!!!
4 weeks and 6 days till school starts
i followed;
I am always amazed that folks think of talking to an attorney after a business deal rather than before...we offer low cost legal services t
Love TGI Fridays.
Im going to get me some Chicken Alfredo today again..
Love it baby!!!!!
Haha just saying sometimes being a girl rocks!
I always applaud Emma for wearing ruddy colors as a redhead.
Liked Lana's doctorss, but the cape  lip color just weren't working.

You're welcome!
What a wasted pick by the jags.
Prohibition makes you want to cry into your beer and denies you the beer to cry into.
Thank you for sharing this.
Just got home from my job : ready to wind down and go back to my JOB tomorrow :
Brad Closson  Mike Leamon doing a great job of showing how to use a story board system for planning...war room
Outta sauce?
how do I get on the list to do hair for one of the shows?
Jay Manuel, the guy who runs everything on America's Next Top Model.
The problem w/ the article sent you is some inaccuracies,  he's a MSFT guy trying to use a Mac like a PC.
Its not!
We're giving away 15 PAIRS OF TICKETS to the Project X red carpet Hollywood Premiere on Feb 29th!
Reply for your chance to win!!
bout to make some good waffles
If God had wanted man to play soccer, he wouldn't have given us arms.
Mike Ditka
RT : Marco Scutaro, Michael Cuddyer and Ramon Hernandez all get their first Rockies hits in the 3rd inning.
Penn State penalty to Rich O'Brien, two for boarding.
Oakland to the PP with about a minute to go in the second
Alright time to read.
I HATE when they intentionally do that.
Shouldn't we all just stick to that 'accidental pregnancy' thing?
SmartScore is aiming to be part of that, but policy will require buyin, we'll see...
RT : Gates Foundation asks  how we can
Now offering 52 off QiGong, Acupunture, Private Yoga, 60 min session and consultant, Location Bethesda, MD Check it out at HealthyDeals.com
We hope someone from Arts Live can come to our exhibit opening tomorrow
Life is full of trade offs and the best part is discovering the beauty of your path
TODAY'S THE DAY!!!
Come visit me at the Etsy booth TODAY at CraftyBastards from 35!!
Booth number 65 :D
Heh Grumpy participation.
; Wonder if it's generational?
I'm feeling like a grumpy old fart.
RT This man just said Go Hogs at ASU graduation!
gohome stAte redwolfnation a mess...lol
where you at?
with quotes from popular political pundits.
Take as an example this...
Wow, time flies!
RT : Today 3 years on Twitter:
Amazon buy with one click/send to kindle is genius and dangerous at the same time.
I'm surprised my Kindle hasn't raised a white flag.
My 666th tweet goes out to
if you start looking queasy now you could totally go home sick in a couple of hours and make it!
i like calling a nigger cause well, she's simply a plain ol' nigger.
No one I know mentioned that Pete's reading Crying of Lot 49 on the train in the opening shot of 508.
Thanks for sharing day.
aint nobody up .
I traded in my Blackberry for my new doctorid 4
sorry thats what i meant but i was going to fast lol
Troy Smith finds Andoctorw Brewer on 4th and goal to give the nighthawks a 106 lead with 8:45 left in the second quarter.
any php developers feel like whipping up a basic CRUD app for a few extra bucks?
HOUSE OF BLUES  ORLANDO  AUG 15  IRRATIONAL  come see my band and leave some blood on the dance floor.
1 day ago
Universal/Motown Artist Mika Means on the Adva Mobile platform.
Text getmika to 88704 to check her out on your phone.
Dear McDonalds cashier, Don't give me that look, there's no age limit on a happy meal.
Sincerely, don't forget the toy bitch.
Nice spacey jam and now softly back into Jibboo ending.
Tasty!
are watching Miguel Cotto vs Floyd Mayweather Junior ?
starts in a few
Tlc; Happy Birthday
Mom was holding me and somehow my paw went through her large hoop earring!
I don't know how it happened.
Ear and paw were not harmed!
would like to discuss how we can help schools with PLE in New York.
dude!
We went to school together for a semester :
what's the biggest thing you've learned in all this?
We have 700 slots for Summer Corps 2012  lawstudents, get your applications in early to secure your spot!!
Nothing says Arizona like MMs from a refrigerated vending machine.
Getting my hair done.
It's about time.
I am so thankful to work with and know such amazing, supportive people 
Do you really need to tweet that?
SinceWeBeingHonest been the same chick from day 1
omgosh what?!
Happy for happy news!!
Random note to self: change surname to Cumberbatch, because, really??!
We're going BACK BACK TO CALI!!!!
What is the highest amount you would spend  or have spent  on good ink?
I'd definitely agree with u on that one!
It's so trashy..
I honestly don't know why it's so addicting...
Better keep yourself clean and bright; you are the window through which you must see the world.
George Bernard Shaw
told you menard would wreck
RT : Great presentation fr Adoctorenne Cochrane on how National Urban League helped prepare her for CEO role.
More:...
is the Man!!!
Don't miss out follow him, he follows back.
20factsaboutme 11 I have a 2 foot Christams tree in my room!
Getting next Konkrete Jungle series together...
July 2 kick off w/ dj Aphrodite, Urban Takeover  UK  Obsession inside the Crazy Horse 3.
thanks bookie  I'll try!!!
Spent morning back at the Julie Bronson doctornken child injury hit  run trial.
Cell reception gods were smiling on me yesterday.
That's over.
I can't be at home when I'm writing.
Or editing.
I just can't.
Say Hi to Rakestraw for me.
Raise the jolly roger
bag it , roll it , smoke it , choke it .
Dairy queen going live right now that's what I like about Texas
well played.....well played....but no....its none:
no man they aren't beating the Denver Tebows!
we aren't giving them away for Fernando and Greg's segment for sure, but I'm still getting a lot of callers, haha.
Following back :
Wow!
Just saw professorle pic for first time!
I hear ya Kyle!
I wish you the best brotha!
RT : Everyone is signing new contracts.
My time is coming soon
I swear I love that man 
I'm obsessed with I need them in my life
I DO think I need to make this move to BP and reup on L's in time for this 4th quarter...
Sure....Tuesday is open!
Yay for painting.
Winnie can't go in public so this is perfect.
Thank You!
A4 I'd say find groups where you're learning.
If you're giving all the advice, knowledge, might be time to move on.
RT : that recipe book is awesome!
c4l12 agree...on east coast time, v.
hungry!
I don't have to type I can just speak and tweet lol
Donna Joe Tanner, bless her heart.
thanks girl :
LIKE us on Facebook.
Get the word out about BCBA exam prep.
The May exam is coming up.
Classes start at the end of March.
Space is limited!
Radio at work is nonstop mariachi.
Oh hell.
yeah and you can't.
I have to take a stupid class, and the next one isn't til JULY!!!
What am I supposed to do til then!?
LOL my credit card had a block on it for fraud protection.
Even they can't believe I'm going to Maui in a day!
I'm just gonna play all for my sets from now on.
Shit is fire.
Happy Mothers Day to the good, bad and ugly!
this is what it's all about right here.
My sidekick.
So proud to be his momma....the greatest gift ever, my Nevan.
Falling asleep to the sound of this rain is glorious.
2 hours of sponsored talks is a bit too much.
Calling them lightning talks didn't help :
Any pics of the tee?
The girl who plays the older Nala in lionking retweeted me
i miss how to make it in america
2012 Phenom Camper  Jr Phenom: Ethan Linhart Rising 8th Charleston, SC Travel Team: Low Country Elite Point Guard 51
So I get ta work at 9am n on da door it says 10am n I'm here n shit but my manager said Aww gone pay me anyways :
Ew, I think you just got slut on me.....
I Have no complaints lovelife : Thanks for the follow!
Love NYC  must be great fun selling realestate there!
that looks delish!!
Odale good to see you on here tambein.Nice working with you.Los vemos.
HEYY : FOLLOW ME
.
Help us make the Virginia State Senate a Republican one.
Vote for the VAGOP this
relationship questions and dating tips are read and replied to wholeheartedly.
I only allow 2 people from school follow me cause they love me even though I'm a freak :
but why do all the Harry potter fans have to hate on twilight?
Hope still on: Olympians do well on
Ok must go to bed now...
CoreFusion Yoga comes awfully early....see you there , who else??
Thank you so much for all the love!
: the package is in the front on,the table by the door...lol Thanks, I found it.
ima def enjoy tha package.
Ivanka Trump, is the only reason watch the Celebrity Apprentice.
Oh yeah, then there's crazy ass NeNe, her too...
enjoyed being an honorary ECS MidAtlantic team member  exciting and moving keynote this afternoon.
Thank you!
thanks for the follow.
Beirut is killing it
thank you too!
We had fun!
Do you have a link you can share w us?!
Anyone who has ever parented a child knows it is work.
Amusing that others who have said same thing are now outraged by Rosen's comment.
yeah...please join me.
Call radio stations today and request, Santa's Littlest Elf has Autism by Amy Ames or watch the video on You Tube
Tomorrow is that last day of filming for Rising.
Can't wait!
JO
this is true
Thank you!
I love it.
He's a science poet.
Prove the HATERS wrong and ball your heart out in the tournament!!
9 Days until the launch of StuPidasso StLouis own animated series.
packers are the best team in the world superbowl sunday
Cyprus Google Adwords Certified Partner JPP Marketing Attends Google Travel Forum
Thank you!
I am reading your blog now great posts!!
who tryna kick it w.me n my sis for a week in L.A
Had to listen to Francesa today.
He was giving clues.
JustRememberThat this heart you broke and played with will no longer be this same!
it wil become strong and happy!
i know right!!!
:D
TheVoiceUK was good at the audition stages, but now its just boring :/
in good company there.
Thanks !
Time to be serious.
No more games.
ALL BUSINESS!
I really need new texting buddies
I didn't even go to sleep..got back to da hotel at lik 8am lol...
it was team no sleep
trade markes snack tables.
never texts me back anymore
This is the worst time to have a cold 
Price differentials do get complicated.
Longterm customers vs.
shortterm.
Candidates get the lowest rate by law.
PACs...
Follow she's my best friend !
You really do have an amazing life ahead of you!
Remember that next time you're tempted to look back..,
Whittier show this Friday!
So tired :
I'm not sure?
I miss photo in the dark room :'
Hold onto prayer, because if you lose that..
you lose everything else.
lol yeah.
and i agree!
i'm sure she'll be fine :
Retweet this to help us get to 300 followers!
I was so upset!
i wasn't even using it!
ughh but at least i got it back!
Work at 9 till 5 , let's see how this day goes!
Before anyone asks: No relation.
if we ever make it to denver, we will stop by and check you out.
This nigga is not funny and This girl got a smart ass mouth
getting on a train in the morning on thursday the 14th of june!
The monthly Houston Press Concert Series featuring continues THIS WEDNESDAY!
More info:...
theey gon love me for my ambition
will be announcing winners of our Platypus Prize for Innovative College Writing very soon.
Stay tuned!
you're so nice!
I would have just said, You snooze, you lose, SUCKA!
Tee Hee!
I'm actually really nice.
;
im feeling much better today.
No pain.
Glad the tooth is out!
What you think means more than anything else in your life.
petpeeve annoying girl at the movie who won't stop talking about Brad Pitt and hot baseball players.
Yeah, but that's SO in right now.
magical powers bro.
is it that easy?!
Wrap it up Wrap it Up Boy , while I take this robe off !
You never fucking run on Franquer
Next paper is on a field study on annotations
This is just getting worse  worse..
I love that attitude!
Your story is one that should empower and motivate others, thank you for the reminder!
Where is a true friend when u need them
Hey Miami fans...did yall know You All goy the Best NonClutch Superstar
Sometimes I want to just show up at your house, say hi, and tell you I miss you.
Yes.
Include me :
Some of this stuff is pretty catchy!
Riley is going to think Coach Kaleigh is so lame, haha.
Eating Kashi cereal is a form of punishment in some locales.
Tap into your adventurous side  go white water rafting!
ThatOnePersonWho Always ruins the mood.
Nice!
My first was on Quake 2.
I had 4 great consecutive shots with the railgun, called a hacker, and kicked :/
I wish oomf would text me.
;
livegive well what do you use!?
FIRE Flame
at KQED.
about to doctorp some knowledge.
or perhaps not.
I'll keep you posted.
I played kickball today.
Seems so much realer written out.
Am an old audio guy in terms of production skills and live recording.
Going to work on single camera stuff first.
It's something about looking at beautiful things that I can't get enough of...
Working on my daughters scrapbook.
They're so time consuming!!
Just had a call back with a girl that waved her hands in front of my face the entire improv.
All I could do was take it.
She's lucky, sayin!
Let's go lakers!!!
stupid people are funny, sad, but funny
Concerned parents can expose bad teachers and administrators.
Up to get the kids and wife off to school.
Finding it hard to get in the shower while the game is on.
u r so fun
Big ups to Jesus!
: Good luck to in their own version of takeingon Cornell in a Frozen 4 LetsGoTerriers
I sorta 3 you!!!
Thanks for the smile!
I'm not sure Independence counts, but it might be worth it for a craving
It was a bad 1st week for my FFT's but we will bounce back next week...The day is nice in the Detroit.
Pray for my mum's..kidney removal..
??
Confused to how you got out the kitchen 0.o
Hmm...good question.
Gorgonzola Stuffed Dates, Purple Chopped Salad and Maine Lobster Baked Mac and Cheese are very popular.
Then Going To The Mall.MoneyBitch.SaluteTheTroopsBitch.G.F.B.
Damage Mode.It's Problems Bitch.
Hi Jan, Thanks for the follow.
Cheers!
I love getting to work early!!
This afternoon is all mine!
:
why not
I see Scotch staying away.
Weak stomach, I don't want you taking care of me for two days, Ha!
hm....if only there was a barometer :
Im so sick of being put down by my mom, who didnt ever go to college, and got knocked up by her fuckface ball doctorller dude.
Whose the f ...
erl12 Steven Sowell talking about ER Management  Oregon State University
wear their uniforms backwards, during warm ups!
tonight catch my mixes airing on and
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face.
Eleanor Roosevelt
SPRING into Summer with fab Jewelry!
Don't forget we'll have music tomorrow and every Thursday evening!
Come check out Heck Yeah!
Tim TIMMYboy refered me to you about possible gigs available with my company....Would you be interested??
happy day of birth !
I saw on that the Paramount Theater in Asbury Park is haunted, now I want to go to !
Overdid the chipotle in my strawberry chipotle barbecue sauce.
Ribs for dinner.
Tears for dessert.
both came out before I was born : I've never seen cornbread tho
Happy Birthday to celebrating her big 30 on the island of Aruba!
Centennial High School Environmental Club  WPR are hosting a Paint Recycling Expo Feb 5th  9310 Old Scott RD Roswell, GA from 15pm
Presenting at the 20th Annual SDMA's tonight at Humphreys By the Bay.
Good Luck to all San Diego Musicians!!!!
no But I know her..she real cool
made my day : have a wonderful Easter with your amazing family!
Very good point, Lisa!
Mktrs go crazy over them bc they're 1 of the next cool things but consumer education is highly lacking.
university of central florida or institute of design and technology........
hm
Going to hear Rainn Wilson speak.
I heart Dwight Schrute.
Never thought I cud have a gud tome at the damn laundoctor mat..
I got my bear..
Watchn soap operas unfortunately but hey Theres women presen
Let's go KU!
hm, this is true!
Haha
any plans for this eve?
Heard about a pasta bake rave at ours, small 'gettogether' with Juan's mates?!
And doctornks at the knife?!
Food  People.
Perfect!
Name the time and I'll be there.
one day you will have earned enough streetcred to bask in my presence
The best career advice to give the young is, find out what you like doing best and get some1 to pay you for doing it.
Your time not theirs!!
haha yeah i saw his, tho yours are MUCH better!
To U too!
Uh oh!
You gotta rethink your game plan!
lol
thank ya : ...How ya doin, biznatch??
Food.
We will deduct it after the order is placed.
Anything really.
I've worked in offices, retail, restaurants, education.
that's pretty funny but come on its not that bad is it?
3 Want More Followers!
??TeamFollowBack Get an instant follow back SIMPLE::EASY Follow
Welcome to 2012!
What is your New Year Classroom Resolution?
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw people may nott regret divorce but they don't regret the process of divorce.
Stop criticizing yourself Amelia Garrish Thanks Mom
I hear ya!
miss you too big bro, how's your break?
Yeah, baby.
A/B test that shit.
I'm going to get a donut.
Thanks so much again for the reliable updates on the meeting.
Uncle Denis is gonna shave his head and replace you ; Let's get it trending!!!
First up keynote speaker
I love your smile .
c;

I want to give him a few more days ty for always looking out 4 me...it has been a week
I was waiting to see some Doolittle on here....I hope you're loving Miss Adele as much as me!
Amazing talent.
YMe cancer run with my mom!
Run him off a cliff break his legs then run down shoot him We are still somewhat backwards but still have guns and proud of it!
Awesome combo
pet leavings how poetic!
The Perfect Pitch: Reluctant Reader Meets Familiar Title Comparisons, e.g.
It's the Simpsons Meet Harry Potter
We 3 the future!
Especially the hoverboards.
PRT Every time I use it feels like a preview of the future.
We just tried in the office and were duly impressed.
said almost too easy....
haha as u call her in videos bitch tits
Reflection Level 3 allows us to create solutions.
doctor Chris Renda at ISPIFRC tonight.
...with no regard for human life..
Ugggg off of spring break back to school:
Thanks to everyone that came out last night.
It's always so amazing to see all your shining face along with new ones too 3
love you guys
We love them, btw!
Best idea ever is a like 50 off !
Then get as the spokesperson and you guessed it Winning Deal
wah have a headache and want a nap but have a midterm, paper, and meeting.
Repubs are down in the polls b/c their tax favoritism has been exposed.
How else could the Prez be doing so well with this economy?
What's cool about the Black Panther animation is how they mimicked John Romita Jr's signature art style  character design.
Congratulations Lady Bears!
Luv watching you play:
has anyone ever seen an Elderly Dike ?
Nokia files patent lawsuits against HTC, RIM
Go organic its the way to stay healthy, love this:
Thanks for the follows new friends!
get ready the holiday gala is right around the corner!
sing to me man!!!
Oh my.
I don't feel good.
Oh that was sent to YOU??
Clearly I missed that one.
And wow, I said the same thing, too.
No one's impressed dbag, lol.
q paso amigo?
Loved the casita at the Pasadena Showhouse!!
Wonderful!!
That was in Niles, right?
Man do I miss Ohio.
Are you in college now?
pick me!
that's true wait until you see my pictures I doctorw
THANKS for the SCHMAP!
I need 9 more followers to get to 2000.
I will give free tickets to a show for whoever the 2000 follower is whoever brought them here!
Congrats to your mom for even being on gmail...
still working on mine from a generic account.
First day of class....1015 page paper by March....YEA!!!!!!!!!
Starting Monday as a designer at Gannett's Louisville Design Studio.
Onward and eastward!
Happy Friday!!!!
What an awsome weekend!
Heidi and Wix have a gr8 one.
Oh boy who steph tryna beat up??
Working on presentation for the conference this week.
It is always strange to go back  read your work
RT : Very important news: it's Friday.
doctorss for the occasion.
Thanks for the love, Shayna!
xoxo
so cool can't wait
day three of this headache...
MS any advice people
I could have gone to Cannes.
But I have important Dancing with the Stars business to see through next week's bitter end.
how can I find you on facebook?
Woohooooo!
RT As soon as I finish my morning workout I need to find a gown for
Great vacation in South Florida, but nice to be home in ROC.
Overall high marks for
but, IMHO, we need plain text to understand or interpret the rich humanist mark up and the complex analytical analysis 2/2
Thank you both for sharing my report; hope you found it useful!
Good work tonight boys!
PacersPlayoffs  
Man WHAT!
RT : Damn it's cold out here!!!!!
Learn something new every day!
Go to AACTE.com to see what's waiting in our future!
perhaps the coolest mistake i've ever made: played the Radiohead Reckoner 45 at 33 RPM.
it honestly sounds incredible.
I'm still playing Angry Birds, but it seems like their are tons of new apps.
What are your favorite apps?
I kno I'm not the only street nicca that seen Future videos and be like wtf, I'm not saying he lying but I can't see dude selling anythi ...
Lmfao RT : And Eightballs.
RT Josh Hamilton was put on this planet to do one thing: Crush.
Baseballs.
I'm going for love that man.
now thts wat im talk'n bout!
but didn't Jesus fulfill that law?
uglier!!
We can't run the ball yet again.
Looks like another long year.
Dig the new toolbar in Firefox...very nice...SERP overlay, link highlights updates and all.
Don't forget to check into SECO 2012!
SECO will be giving away prizes throughout the show to attending Facebook fans!
well that's sick, do you gotta keep it on for a while?
09 Cabernet with chicken lettuce wraps for
I got a thing for a hardworking cuban from miami...its all about the 305!
RT RT RT 
now i can lien to all i want hahahahaha!
oh I do need to talk to you
Very happy with Andy's start, even if the score is not in our favor.
Hahahaha funny.
But I think u got it twisted.
Cuz umm the last time I checked I was hotter than u!
yuup!
Ha oh did you tell sbk about the board?
With a attitude like that.
your never EVER gonna work for a major promotion, be glad you even got a shot in TNA.
LOLROH LOLTJP
Deal!
I'll be sure to ping you.
Congratulations!
Those awards would look supercool on slowly rotating bases....
why did my dad had to be so tall and skinny!?!
.
Would your iPad 3 sleep out on the street all night waiting for you?
I don't think so.
I'd probably be free after church, around noon.
No pressure, but if it worked out  it would be fun to meet!
You can let me know :
Great win by
yeah, maybe open up a saw mill.
A lot of opportunity there!
Word out of D.C.
is that there will be a 2nd hearing in the Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing and Trade on Friday November 18th
Tired of downtown.
Having a 75 cent Pabst then going bowling.
Anyone wanna join?
do we need a special pass to her into Big Bills keynote?
I rather be a kat dat keeps 2 hisself then a kat wit a room full of fakes
Anyone else notice the flames coming out of Vermes' nostrils.
How is 2pm tomorrow?
Let me know which number I should use to call you.
We don't think 1M is even close to enough, but every little bit helps and as the success of this page grows so will the total donations...
Follow for complete Super Bowl coverage!
Stick money in ya ass and Shit Pennies
Scheduling new lawyer career coaching clients.
awesome picture!
Why is the greatest DJ ever???
Because he played the guile theme dying garter toss.
ride it slowly, ride just how you like!
Love when L from manbag tells me to Look out on the TV for him when he will be appearing on the court show judge joe brown
Come visit me at ARMA's 2011 Conference!
Visit Max  Ruffy's this Sat the 12th from 124pm at Aveda in the Pentagon City mall in Arlington,VA!!
Your Boy EScharpf here  Glad you got to London Safe  when will you be back Stateside?
did just refer to you as some researcher?
Surely she wasn't talking about me!
this makes me sad.
Not the Joel part, but I am not partaking of a 'real thing' right now.
I'd love to see OT in the game.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
Elbert Hubbard
when you smile i melt inside!
What we could be  what we are.
I wish today was SENIOR DITCH DAY
Twitter says we're similar ...
I'm honoured.
:
Just wondering if there was a reason.
Sounds like they probably taste pretty good.
Flour would be for texture and shaping.
did you hear me?
I'm sure.
If it makes money, it'll be for sale.
o
No but, but I've said Get rid of the Car Fox
Padvertisement will partner with Verizon and the M2M secure 4G network.
: JUST ROOTED AROUND OVERHEAD BIN FOR LAPTOP livetweetingasianguynexttomeonAAflight19fromJFKtoLAX is he a Mac or Toshiba?
You know it homie....
Vanessa, what are you hearing on storage array flash memory security?
Rabkin builds on the importance of including students' opinions about teaching in studies  v impt for policymakers
oh god me too
ew, you bit him?:L
aw baby Soph!
lol ok I'm do that this Sunday.
Have a Great weekend and mothers day with your fam.
you'd think Roberts would be embarrassed to call himself an ad man, but there must be something to his trickery
AH AW SUZZY I SORRY!!!
I totally forgot : forgive me?
3

looking forward to ur talk.
And yep, is sold out...we can't wait for 3/15!
Sustainability is not liberal or conservative, it's for the planet.
Everyone is affected.
Well, we all know that typos are challnging.
Happy Birthday to !!
me too!
Be on the look out for SkateBoardFresh on full rotation at the shop.
Mayweather won and thats final!: it was all skill, so don't think that Cotto just went easy on him for him to win
If it pleases the court
Probably the 26 no one wants to see...
is good w/ TUES pm; was my idea to go later, since such a high  total are in MDT; later better for me, less conflict risk
On my way to Church!!
That would explain quite a bit about twitter.
I might have to adjust my approach to tweeting.
missing my fans 3
Let's go Chicago Bulls!!
Actually, he's returned to Celtics lineup.
And Pietrus with a big three.
New school better get ready to hear the wrath of me tomorrow.
Good news.
Great guy.
: Scott Dikkers returns as The Onion's editorinchief.
Invented The Onion's sense of humor, says CEO.
Twitter and facebook completely blocked in China along with internet video content.
Latest est.
over 105 million christians in China!!
Seriously just shoot me now 
You're a doll face
What are you getting your mom for MothersDay?
Sweet doctorams twitter folks.
iplspring a feature can only be aesthetically functional if its appeal is NOT reputationrelated
Injection of a doctorg into a subcutaneous site can be
Flopped mid set vs pair and a flush doctorw and he gets there on the river.
30k pot.
Have 15k now.
Yarrow: You're standing up for what America essentially is  a place where everyone has equal opportunity.
do you wanna clean my apartment and do my homework for me, please and thank you
Can't wait for next week till I find out that I didn't get into the NY Marathon again!!!
Can I get a shout out bro?
Thanks.
hell ya!
What motivated you today?
Overeem: After the Brock fight I was pretty banged up.
Right ankle.
Left thigh.
Left rib.
Left thumb.
And now California...
Did you DM me a link for gift cards, or was it a spammer
Tar Heel fans everywhere wishing you the best.
Mayne!!
Spurs take the lead in the series 10....
Lessssggggggoo and have your game b playoff tix tomorrow morning
Should've made a stop in Las Vegas where I could have done all of the above, but without any hookers or blow.
Sorry!
All these tweets from the past keep screwing with my mind and make me think I'm missing a game!
talking that game
Remember, we tease because we love!
At least that's what people keep telling ME!
LOL!
My mothers day wish is to have no plans today.
Love it!
Happy mothers day, all!
RT : 10 winners announced for 2012 Stephen Sondheim Inspirational Teacher Awards.
Congratulations to them all....
First day of spring is a good day to start Pacers runs.
Cathy Norton: In the world of Librarians, everybody is cooperative!
That's what's made bhlib what it is today!
lifelit 2nd day!
you WISH you could get my penis...
Imma get ready for school
Kings are odd case of team being picked to make noise, then underwhelming to point of collapse, then kicking ass in playoffs
R.N.P
Hey, sorry for the delay.
Titanic is not included with that coupon, but there might be deals avail at some point ;
Air Canada must scrap toxic culture to salvage ailing reputation: experts
my computer barely works without being plugged in.
been thinking of upgrading, too!
Wenot only want to compete on a local scale but to thrive on a national andinternational level as well.
I dare you to go to McDolands and order everything on the menu then ask for a diet water with a stright face!
P
Getting Married!!!!!!
Goodnight all..z
designated doctorver?...
designated to be a whole lot higher...
stay in tune with the sun, stars and moon, cause behind bars you're doomed if your mind can't consume
TwoThingsIWant 1.
To be with him all day everyday3 2.
To eat  not get fat D;
Ur my hero: all ur song come from the heart an thats why i love u: Im ur 1 fan: i hope u get the chance to read this:3
eventually everyone will become a mature and sensible person
that would be so rad!!!!!!
Lunch break LOL fuck a cold sandwich I'm eating homemade boneless ribs n green beans real man food
Interesting!
RT Disney Agrees To Buy Out India's UTV Software on.wsj.com/w25BLt
The lettering is something called Silian Rail
My brother is moving back in :/
sometimes you just have to have it out with someone.
'Picnic' is one of my favorites!
I can't wait!
I'm surprised im still awake..
Preparing myself mentally for the discussion of my shorts length
Are there any trucks that serve gluten free food?
Would like to suggest them to for this summer's show!
Thanks!
True, but the same can be said of Repubs trying to make birth control an issue.
In 2012.
don't you get 2 for the bonus ball
well it's Miami lol
happy 18th anniversary to my mommy and daddy :
That was a lie.
mirasol displays feature an integrated reading light for those times when you're not reading in bright sunlight!
Merry Christmas!
Laura will be in town, but I'm headed out on vacation.
Need some food/activity recommendations for Downtown Cabo San Lucas area?????
thats right!
RT awesomeness Everyone who tweets positive things...
and doesn't cause twitter beef are
If a cow laughed, would milk come out her nose?
i lovelovelove ME;!!!
For all interested in the intern opportunity: you have to follow us so we can reply to your messages or email us at starcrestlounge at gmail
Another solid music weekend here at Fire, just doin what we do.
Thanks to all who came out!
Fans!
: if u believe your favorite artist should perform at Teenhoot, post their music link at, Please no spam.
NYC friends, we invite you to join us at the hack line on New Year's Eve day, 1 pm, to educate tourists about not taking a ride!
still need one!!
Hopefully I'm not too late
wagners term paper will be the death of me.
I hope you have a great day!
Without prompting a meme or Tumblr page, join us for our next few tweets as we explore our PostIt Notes from Wednesday's Weed Binge ...
Editing images, and updating the website on this snowy day
waste their life gossiping about yours.
Made a wish
Third period underway, trail 21
omg omg omg did we really finally just beat the rangers without an error IN Arlington?!?!?!
Yay Oakland!!!
i know it!
why is that?
i think that is the main reason i never attempt any story writing, i can't get the POV right!
can't wait to see the new web series by and
RT I wish all these religious types would stop talking about sex all the time They have no experience on the subject LOL.
Agreed!
People whose names are anagrams for descriptions of delicious cheeses include Reince Priebus
nah he got his ass beat by bobby an took him to court it's not worth that and i feel u my step mom is too !
Prayers to ur mom
Oh i saw it.
At least they followed it up with a commercial featuring women in Bruins jerseys.
Heals all wounds.
I treat the girls I like as if they were a queen until they screw me over like it was a one time thing
To that special lady in my life right now, you know who you are, Happy Mother's Day baby!
Thanks for your patience ;
Yikes, your stuff is good.
Once a mahomie, always a mahomie :
great idea!!!
DC area folks, in addition to the panel next week, I will be moderating a discussion on black women and policy at ACS...
My excuse is that I'm young,  I'm only getting older.
Somebody should've told you I'm one.
will do!
If you're a creative and have to work with noncreatives, we have an event for you.
March 13th.
Stay tuned for more details.
what is everyone's take on feeding your animal vegan dog food?
ive been doing homework for ever.
You GO Kelly!!
Get your Prince!
RT : you KNOW where i'll be lurking about in SD this weekend...
start w an irrefutable positive statement!
:
iPad leaps ahead of iPhone browser usage, Opera Mini collapses
Happy Hanukkah Everyone!
Dave I don't believe I've ever made fun of you.
Not sure about that other guy you were talking about though.
thanks for bringing your friends by!
Always a pleasure to see you :
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save
It's festival season!
LAweb Fest, check!
Penn State situation is further proof that our childoctorn are in peril.Disenfranchised Dads my new book speaks of ways to correct problem!
thanks for the RT :
For real!
Still got the last punches on both lol
AllBad LOL RT : Deodorant is starting to give up on some folks
who/what's more animated Jim Cramer or a NHL fight?
The human race is governed by its imagination.
Napoleon Bonaparte
looking forward to seeing you at Cougar Legends
Hardstyle is definitely the 16 yearold pale cousin who where's baggy pants and has already been to jail 3x, in the EDM world.
You'll be fine I just discovered that Chick N Ruth's Man v.
Food challenge set me back 7093 calories, yikes!
NC anytime soon?
love it.
They are quite the beautiful people :
This week had been an odd one.
First Year service day tomorrow.
Holiday Libations: Forget Coco Lopez: coconut sorbet, silver rum, pineapple and fresh lime juice, shake and serve.
i cant get Glad You Came out of my head!
thanks guys!
its amazing.
im in love with yu guys and i miss you so much /3
You must have a quality product.
Janet Gurtwitch
im loveosick
so you a Myron too!
I had the best night ever with you!
We should do that again sometime: can't wait to see you tomorrow!: yourethebest
Just in: Rep Michele Bachmann has contacted the Swiss Consulate to withdoctorw her dual Swiss citizenship.
Just finished listening to Mark Weinstein's Jazz Brazil.
His alto flute on Wayne Shorter's Nefertiti is delightful.
Everything is a challenge, there's no such thing as a problem.
Wig  Mitre Lincoln  spot on as always
Kudos to Justin for a fantasic night for the Wine and Food Truck Pairing Dinner!
best of luck for your 5 hours marathon.
Like basketball camp pull up stop and shoot
Medical Park Hospital needs: Allowing those complaints to be aired gives Spencer more information upon which to act to heal professorssio...
Spring break has turned out to be pretty damn sweet!!
I'm literally having my mind blown again shit!
shut up lol
awesome perspective RT : Conflict cannot survive without your participation.
Wayne Dyer
removed post :P HURRY HURRY Im so hype to talk to someone as nice as you :
hey hey!
ah thanks!
I wanted to grow it out so I dyed it, but I decided I wanna cut it short  go half  half again, hopefully soon
thanks for all your support.
follow back
I guess there's some kind of primitive swagger in inane pronouncements like that.
hugs back I am doing good.
Thanks for asking.
Hope TCR is still going good!
:
A morning given over to coffee and Derrida is just not a terrible way to start the week.
What about repurposing objects in your house for creative serving?
Like doctornks served on a
Good morning saints
good bout to have sex make sum morw kids anniversary cumin
just rolled out the bed.
heading to the gym.
is there a team shirt less?
if so i will be joining that team soon : Ayyeee lol
Joe, sorry, I totally missed your tweet.
I was in town for the Phish shows and didn't really have much free time.
I'll be back!
read do PraiseGod Psalm 145:2 Every day I will bless You, And I will praise Your name forever and ever.
twitter won't let me direct message you back, but here is my user name:
thanks for sharing Juan!
Happy New Year!
The awkward moment when Willow Smith can't whip her hair because she shaved it all off and dyed it pink.
first you have to follow me though i think...
www.linux.fm is a online broadcast channel, which repeats broadcasting the kernel of linux.........
true that....pressrewind it is right?
ILL SNEAK INTO HIS HOUSE AND STEAL HIS THINGS FOR U HAHAHA but hes in la 
We dont have a set date yet but we'll keep you posted!
:
RT : Ready to watch the Knighthawks SOAR past the Philly Wings tonight
If you are looking to participate in the plan, NOW is the time.
Rumors have been swirling regarding the Payroll Tax extension this week!
how you been dude?!
Isn't it exciting!
I just want to be traveling again!
Worry is the darkroom in which 'negatives' are developed
: Igetting texts from crusty ass guys at this hour though hahahahahaha
I'm alright!
: How's your christmas?
man it was bad for the kid.
Calgon, Take Me Away!
well it's laundoctor day.
so guess i'm wearing just this hoodie to bed
I thought I took my Violin home...
I should have.
fuck.
i actually bought a ticket.
Orlando says I may have beginner's luck since I've never played the Lotto before!
butthole.
for real.
The line at Gibbs is retarded.
This is a joke
Head over to the Wynn to join our noon tournament.
140 buy in.
Sign up until 1:40 pm, start with 10,000 chips.
Wish I was in ATX: GOOD MORNINGWe're open and serving up the best bfast in town.....and you gotta try our homemade biscuits!
bumpin shady 45; 2 pac, if I die tonight, I love it, yo boy H.
Hello, Randle; I sent an email you may be interested in, concerning an open role I would like to cast you for.
:
Good morning friends!
You still have some time to pick up your favorite McD's breakfast item...!!
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood.
They're frying eggs on the sidewalk.
Sean from Grime Time is in the studios now!
Check to see what he has going on in just a few!
What's the point of waiting, if you've got nothing to lose.
thank you very much this is pretty awesome
New Video:  All Do it Another Banger foe sho!
Mind you, a rubric is not a goal.
I'm just trying to get the nuances of each term clear in my mind.
Bermudez leads off the 6th with a single.
practice makes perfect
OK, I meant liberal media.
I love planning things with my best friend.
:
RT : Beyond inspired today in yoga by an 80 year old woman who swears by yoga!
Love her
Having to take down a million things from my car annoyed 
Hi bonnieblaze Gm
i am at the game today representing Baseline Bums
Great can't wait to hear about it!
Yup.
I loved building/mashing/adapting things in his class.
Grades submitted.
Visiting Lecturership fulfilled without lecturing.
Hours lost to that demon spawn, Blackboard, forsaken.
Thank you harvest volunteers and more!
We are very excited about the 2011vintage and all its potential.
Stay tuned for updates!
Im in class now.
: Now to carry this equipment?
Lmao light work......
Who, except for everyone who watches ncaa ball, would have thought lawson would turn out better than j.
flynn?
nba twolves nuggets kahn!
Another reason Fan Cave is AWFUL.
RT : If this gets 400 ReTweets, we'll give away a signed baseball.
Chris Jones busting out the m berry on check it out yourself at !!!
Today we set up a meeting for next week with a television station.
And watched lots of videos of Russian KHL hockey fights via
hello corbin :D
Great app for I phone 3pt academy
you mean like how my tight hole would pull itself to the weight of your beefy cock?
Yeah, gravity rocks.
Lol
You mean STUDENT DYING 
Barn Dance tonight!
If you're not going then you should probably second guess yourself.
See you tonight potentials!
Me, either.
I told Russ the very thing yesterday.
Bums me out, but it's run its course.
Unless TJS turns into the Liz Lemon Show...
But it all comes down to the challenge: I worked hard for my degrees  to improve my curatorial skills.
Balancing old  new schools
on what
yes my bouts of despair are short lived thanks to rubrics
Like a bird in a cage I broke in and demanded that somebody free it
yup an not really same shit different day ya kno
the physicality encourages early interactions and makes commitments quickly visible.
Also, can be done over coffee.
great news, such a deep film, can't wait to get it.
imh, i wanna see him!
one hr later, get his txt i wanna see you!
amazing!
3:
I love you, your so talented and beautiful.
Keep it up!!!
Love you!!
wtt is dope...
straight artistic freedom!
haha yeah blah prob wont happen
Still laughing at hearts hooking up with writers.
Sounds scandalous!
Ill go with both!
After watching the newest trailer for Prometheus, I REALLY want to see it now.
when people say they are going to do things and they don't.
my dad is walking around my house singing Boyfriend.
Thats how you know its a good song :
wut time we gotta be there its gonna be packed lol
What I 3 abt my dig lib class' work?
Site looks gr8 AND under it is adherence 2 standards, complete pres plan  oodles of QC.
Sorry i said to her that im so sorry :
Caught the HUNGER GAMES today.
What a terrific film.
The ending sure hints strongly of a sequel.
So does the  made.
thanks!
How have you been?
Dezign this wicked Toga 4 a client she needs it Sat!dang no rest 4Gods pplbring all the clothing workJenell Wade whats going on here.bles
Rip homeless man at mcdonalds
Please come to the states...
Pretty please!..
3 bri
We must meditate on what God has done in our life instead of what we are still waiting on Him to do.
Vote for me!
Seriously I'm pissed off this is the last straw
Girl!
Alexa Mary Fillmore.
We'll see if we got what it takes to be fashion crafty in the city of Chicago with our application for The 6th Annual Chicago Sidewalk Sale!
Thank you for all of your FF's during my absence!
That team was also better at RF with but other than that and Reid we were just as good or better
Manufacturer Liquidation Kyocera Full Color Copier, Printer, Scanner  Fax 65 off retail.
Only 3 left, call 3034073217 for details
cxo Without wow you're simply lost in the noise
Click the then click follow.
Registered for Games for Change.
I yearn for a return to the time when talking on the phone was not a piece of public performance art.
How about RT : Shut up, foodie.
Remember, God can make miracles out of mistakes.
But you offer forgiveness, that we might learn to fear you.
Psalm 130:4
CUP: Walmart On Jeff Gordon's Car?
Neither can I.
xD Everything is recorded in the back of my school's notebook!
:P
OMG I MET THEM 3
I cracked my Iphone4 this weekend.
I did the infamous, doctorps from your lap, when u get out of the car trick!
Er
If the Ravens win today Flacco would be the 1st QB to win 50 games in his 1st four NFL seasons.
Why the F would you ask me for my cousins number when you HAVE a boyfriend.
Stop trying to hit up other guys.
Just Sayin.
Sometimes, words are better off left unsaid because saying them would make things worse.
Our apologies for new users trying to register/login on Skillcenter.
Of course technical complications sprouted on launch day.
I think something's seriously wrong with me...
It's so hard to breathe 
where are you?
feel free to DM at any time Biebs..
I love when my boyfriend cooks for me.
Where did you get your black trench?
Love it!
Hahah so so so bad...what another reality
I am not a huge fan of Bruno Mars, but I think he sings his grenade song better than this grandma at karaoke night
shiningMoment Get to sit next to and had some conv.
Would love to know about the Cub scout if he doesnt mind
Hear no evil, speak no evil  and you'll never be invited to a party.
or just hang out with me and I'll pay you 5.
Thats enough for you to buy me a cob of elote!
when is The Way available on DVD?
That time of year: we announced our 12/13 season today as did and plus a new work at
Detox and Cleanses  In one my recent articles The Pathway to Perfect Health, I stated, The environment that our bodies are exposed to...
Anybody know where I can get welldesigned battens for my hatches?
Dear God this WalMart smells like ass and tires.
My messages aren't delivering !!!
Just tell me ?!?!
Give dad a big hug.
xox
think tebow scores a td with 4 qb sneaks to make it 21 to 10?
Orton costs us both wins now, season over if qb doesn't change
The single most powerful weapon to destroy the enemy of joblessness is confidence.
Accountability much?
Comptroller office to We are not the Sun's research arm when he asked to see city contracts!
Risk for Facebook Pits Cats Against Zombies Against Robots
needs then his website could handle the traffic!
yes and no on the 20.
But it's abt 2 storm.
touche
I just hit my quota of Skittles for today...
maybe for the week.
Sleep, where art thou?
Yeah we're having a lot of fun being on tour with rookie of the year and school boy humor!
Yup life's a bitch but it's the only love I know
i do NOT think im perfect never said i did, but sweetie NEITHER are you.
but unlike you i have the guts to say im not
4.
Reminders  remind users of important dates, appointments or forms that need to be filled out.
On set filming music video with
yeah, that's right.
presenting 's award.
Says he had to come once he read this story.
yeah let me text you I dunno how long this is gonna take
wow man.
you just made this a Kramer rant.
not cool.
Without new experiences, something inside of us sleeps.
The sleeper must awaken.
Frank Herbert
LOL it is I've actually been in it and it looks like a bar from Scarface LOL
fyi, check out the newest Colliers app available in the iStore.
It is free and just released  doesnt answer question however.
I'm suffering iPad withdoctorwal syndoctorme.
Please apple, make sure there are enough iPads to go around next week!!!!
This week ive been loving
So I got my Mentor note for High School...
Its just a program that has Juniors help the new students with thier first year of High School.
Can you stand the rain
can't remember the names of either right now!
both had great views  one was near castle
Greatest part about being stuck on hold with the bank: listening to Kenny G playing Down On Bended Knee.
KG and Boyz 2 Men, together at last
I'm jumping in...
Making the argument of observing hetero parents give professormily arguments credence.
Lost 9 pounds in two weeks!
Although victims of bullying increases teen depression, a new study found girls have additional risk for substance abuse
Lol omg what if it was AUSTIN
You're a tough cookie Miki...
Just dust your shoulders off and carry on with your weekend!
Big show tonight!
Elemental Groove Theory from Athens, OH w/s/g Midwest Hype from Chicago!
2 funky rock bands with horn sections!
5, 930pm
Friday the 13th?
I hope you're not superstitious...
Just picked up a bunch of liter while waiting for the train.
We want to enhance our list of summer literacy activities!
What kinds of programs do you offer , ?
also, getting yapped pretty hard today
Adjust the amount you feed your pet by watching him carefully.
Dont be suprised if andoctorw luck end up being ryan leaf 2.0
wildlife...
doctoram on...
so that means we're making our way to SXSW?
Considering the tourists will have to walk past a Gehry building to get to The Chihuly site is funny.
That building is alive.
My mommy birthday Saturday .
I do lol:
now following
well go back !
lol
won't we be at birthday dinner?
Bc we have to celebrate with our friend!
It's ok.
Soon, just as I did with Kansas, you'll learn what to expect from Roy Williams.
Ready for arewethereyet let's just leave now
I predict will be flooding Lady Gaga's BornThisWay hashtag today.
This movie they planning 
huh what?
like how?
Well let's rejoice in Episdoes IVVI...and particularly V.
Let episodes II remain anathemas.
My mom doesn't tweet, that's why I called her on Skype  wished her a happy day :
I think I'm okay, thank you so much though!
They have to put them both under to stitch them up.
:
Heading out hwy 26 for coast looking for adventure!
C'MON SON.
Haters gonna hate, Mahomies gonna love yeah.
But hate only goes so far, we can't take it anymore.
It is the differences between us that we most have in common with each other!
DC PD on Segways, a new low.
And in SW?
What do you call a sports pub that loses signal  balloons block TV?
FAIL.
Missed second Capitals goal but settled in new bar.
Go Caps!!
Hope you at least had some beer with your pizza!
What's up girl?
Are we gettin' AMTC Music results tomorrow or what???
Heat need to tighten up!
luv u so.
Thanks, yeah that 25 was something, what happened there, stayed there remember Sherri, same b'day as me.
Excuse me?
yes it keeps saying forbidden when I try Nd add u !
Send to .
Just biebers song is awful, I honestly don't understand the hype about it
really tired of feeling like this
I am making plans to go to Lithuania for a film shoot in July.
We are working on our next survivor/resucer reunion.
Thanks for the FF.
But, my fave Prem team is I just also root for the Spurs to make sure I follow a team that's good
Who's bringing the chips and the beer for tonights meeting??
picking out my cloths for tomorrow lol and did u see my nerd pics on FB lol
Crazy is more like it!
;
I'm so excited for Santa this year!
I can't wait.
The  Champion Enterprises Unite
Off to the LA Zoo with my girl!
Perfect day to hang out with some lions!
Great job presenters  is tweeting from they stage yet?
;
can't wait to have you back man good luck in LA
RT : Praying protection over Nashville and any other cities being affected by these storms!!!
why do you have to say that about her though?
She struggled with selfesteem issues.
My instinct is to say I'm so sorry; that sucks!
but it seems you're not to broken up over it.
; Enjoy the movie!
My bad.
I missed player and thought you meant 4th best midfielder.
Oh Vegas.
You never cease to amaze me.
oh yeah.
I remember you.
Not good just doctorp my 25000 bike I am so upset
excellent Keira Knightly analogy
Watch out Seattle dj Cyn is on her way Woowhoo
Even in multimedia big leagues you get CNBC and Google staff saying I'm not sure if we're live right now or not.
TechIsEvil Here we go!
Coffee whoa what a week so far
I still CANT BELIEVE IS THE SHY ONE..
Cause he doesnt seem like it in the tour episodes.
Good mornin to all.
Time to get this money
like the goosebumps dance?
;
yeah his is nice too.
Quintessential New York night.
I love this city
Happy mothers day :
Just saw someone talking on their phone and doctorving...
My 3 year old is coloring Easter eggs while singing Christmas songs!!
Happy Born Day to my fav Street League skater, Enjoy yourself Chaz.
The bucket List: Seabee's wish granted, courtesy of country music legend  DVIDS
Congratulations Anne!
:o
Done.
Good luck.
Put in Novak!
Wtf Woody!?
Jeez I need better taste in friends.....
I had a doctoram about the Jewel show I went to at the Tradewinds in 1994.
WTF?I must want the 90's back badly.
My apologies to I didnt know your Twitter account.
He was the other half of gracious hosting this evening w/
time is a luxury for the unencumbered.
American Idol Chat with and on Good Day Colorado at 7:45.
Poor Jermaine!
Nothing like waking up the next morning from an awesome show!!
Thanks to everyone who came out the El Corazon lastnight!
Fast Food Express Social Media Stock Is Climbing.
And the deliveries are expanding daily.
Have you tried us yet?
phone is still busted!
Should get a new one by tomorrow hopefully!
Then I'll be back here
Going to bed now its been a long day goodnight:  and goodnight Justin Bieber luv u 3
So what we'll need from you is a music, artsy natpkg on them for your 10 show.
If you need a blueprint watch Amy Winter story
I don't always get mad, but when I do, in one way or another, I make sure to GET EVEN.
email me and we can chat about it.
What brought up the topic in your head?
Ice cold ?
Right here Irish pub put it in your belly.
2 miller, 1 old mil n 3 tall cocktails.
Go cubs....Just kidding go brew crew!
never to see any other way
hehehe.
Yeah keep thinking that Insanebrou didn't stand a fleeting chance ;D muahahahahahahahahahahahahahah I sunk ur ship!!!!!
Remember, just a comparison to each other.
Look, and let me know what u think.
thank you!
You Rock, Jaye!
Looking forward to hanging and playing music with you, girl!
Quite nightspending time with my pets
Party mad wack
LMSunSIG analytics wentworth trying to map degree of satisfaction to degree of training of faculty.
Are all separate systems
they r
I love my penis inside a vagina.
Nice round today buddy!
Hope you're having a blast.
really?
Stupid Zombies??
Hehehe girls who look at me with b!tch looks in there faces  makes my day
DID YOU KNOW  56 of criminals commit 6080 of all crime.
The 56'ers used to be sent to prison.
Not now thanks to our Legislature.
Sounded unintentional..
Prayers go out to Lady Vols
nicki knows who lola is..she was cool wit her when lola modeled till she found out lola started rappin she likes no competition
I just saw downtown fiction
The population has to be educated about the weaves of our nation's women obviously!
hope u feel better soon :
Every person that you come in contact with could be your next best friend or biggest fan Be courageous, no conversation started with silence
What the hell are you doing in Naples?
haapy mothers day to you all
follow back!
This might be the first time in my life in which I have been left
That what I thought
I just hope Markakis doesnt hit himself in the head with a bat out of frustration a la Brian Roberts.
Dictionary of marketing swearwords.
1: Linkbait
Today : author Mary Otis will be our guest worker from 3  7PM!
Thanks.
I decided to play it safe and wear my Marine Corps doctorss Blues.Pics forthcoming.
Our Grand Opening Special is now available!
Come in for a Full Set of Lashes or purchase a Lash Fill Pkg  receive perks!
Call for info.
Whether you are a member of a temple or not, I am wondering what are your plans for the High Holy Days?
Guise get me to 400 leggoooo please :c
5 admission.
Discount with food donation
110.
like always x
1 class finished, 5 more to go.
Can't believe I've made it this far.
RT if you love victoria justice
I'm thinking a big juke box made out of stained glass will look awesome!
I don't know why everybody makes a big deal about playing at Madison Square Garden , it's just another stadium who gives a shit.
AMSG
Don't leave me hanging, woman!
ready to wrap up a good week with a cold beer.
If you need some computer help jump on the Twitter special  25 off any repair PC or MAC.
the real rapper
RT It's amazing how many pedestrians confuse Right of Way with Immortality.
what's al this about?
all i see is bacon.
Just sent you an email!
Thx for the help!
Being single doesn't mean your weak it just means your strong enough to wait for what you deserve
We need to find some time to sit down next week and talk.
I would like to see if you could design a logo for my firm...
:
Absolutely.
Glad to see they haven't lost their touch.
I'm glad you moved.
an hour to hour 1/2.
30 min of cardio and weight 3x a week
haven't tweeted in forever..
The 11th Deal of Christmas.
SALE!
11 Cookies by the Pound.
Use promo code 1LB11.
We are going to be promoting at the Never Shout Never show at HOB
is amazing and i cant believe some people think that they are bad directioner forever
If you believe your life has no REASON, you would have no REASON to change it!Delano Johnson
Bye bye birdies these streets are awesome...see you tomorrow night bttr on biscayne and 127 street!
It is such a beautiful day!
No work, perfect day to be outside and run errands.
Then homework on my balcony I think!
I went down a few levels to communicate with you this morning but I unsubscribed and thankfully you are a memory now block that!!
I won the Wheaties boxes at the Packers pep rally in Atlanta!!
Why not?
Everyone's entitled to a mindless, superfun movie every once in a while.
As long as it's not ALL you see, you're fine.
Im freaking out right now!
Oh, I know what you mean!
Is SoTeenish Hacked??
What's up with these trends though...lol
what do you want me to say
Its a pretty day in the A...
Oh My Gosh!!
I Just Saw The Trailer For The New Season Of My Babysitter's A Vampire !!
I'm SO Excited!!!
Ah!!!!
Just putting it out there...
I follow whomever follows me ; 3 That's how much I love getting new followers :D
Why are British accents so attractive?
Iregretnothing and
Achievement unlocked: Hackintosh rebuilt, now with OS X 10.7.3.
A lot easier to install than Snow Leopard was...
follow my gurl :
That awkward moment when your hair gets stuck on a stranger's button and he walks away.
Get it right.
Real men don't ask for respect, they give it and get it.
Only boys ask for respect without giving it.
Congratulations to on winning the Masters!
Knowing his social media prowess, we'll share in the victory!
don't get hurt.
I'd actually enjoy playing softball with you again.

roll another swisha up baby we gon smoke tanite 
Top Steal: Save 47 Percent on This Chic Mesh Sweater!
All wardoctorbes need a staple crop sweater, and now you can buy a fierce one from Urb
Big City Yankees today vs the Motor City Tigers Let's go
read your Bible once in a while, sheesh
to help ourselves.
We spend most of our money with other people, we entertain other people
hello friends if you need a smog check or test only just give us a shoutout and we will be glad to service your vehicle
Show today is in Franklin, NH  not Manchester, NH!
Sorry :
Counting calories is just not me.
Healthy, yummy food as a lifestyle instead suits me!
Brady D, J Russel D, Favre B, Quinn F, Warner A, Palmer B, M Ryan A
I miss spring break.
Words of wine wisdom: I made wine out of raisins so I wouldn't have to wait for it to age.
Steven Wright
TeamMindless has the Best icons ever :
What?!
FEDEX!
Quite possibly the best lent idea I've ever heard...
I'm so impressed I might do it too!
Scary: RonArtest DID NOT FLINCH.
Reflex would dictate some sort of response twd the person hurt.
Then the nookaWHAT stance?
NO!
GET OUT!
Katie Couric to host online talk show on Yahoo
At a presentation on the news BMO Harris Pavilion stage at summerfest Looks awesome!
It's unbelievable.
What planet is he living on?
Despair.
Ugh.
I got hacked
I like what hoops is doing: no divisions in SEC, ACC, etc..
Just one big league..shouldn't affect scheduling
Happy Birthday
Free Ground Shipping on all Products for the next 60 minutes.
Happy Monday :
Love can only take u so far it has to b more!!
HUH!?
I can't hear you its too loud!
Damn I gotta make time for everybody nd keep them happy
I love my new make up brushes!
:
Did I just catch you on with rocking swimwear?
Nice job.
Believe me, I know my friend!
We are barley making it.
no way u passed ur CLEP exam
going to check out puppies today :
There are so many songs with on the dance floor in them it's ridiculous
The best music was back in the day.
Motown style.
Frank Sinatra.
Huey Lewis.
Then theres The Temptations.
The Platters.
Classic shit.
omg thats so young.
:
Patrick Stewart as Claudius in the BBC's Hamlet, looking old but feisty!
You like Ed??
I met him yesterday!
:
Thanks for the RT!
;
I hope so
Inagural Pioneer Bingo Club today, 2pm4pm at The Beat Coffeehouse!
Free!
Fabulous Prizes!
Daubers!
BINGO!!!
I miss Bill Hall.
relationship?
Job?
Education Level?
Age?
I was gonna ask when you're coming back
The Rumor blogs..lol..
You don't seem happy?!
I'd thought you'd be happy for me :
Have you ever gotten your teeth shaved down?
Oh my God, it tickles so bad.
The Museum will be closed on Friday 6th and Saturday 7th April 2012.
Xbox Live Weekly Update 2/72/13: All of these Deus Ex items are roughly half off.
Continuing with the publisher...
I've been playing a ton of MOH2010 lately :p
nickis 30 and acts 12...I can't wait 4 lola monroes takes ova the game..she gonna revive female hip hop
Business Development Associate needed!!!
Must have either 5 yrs hands on experience or Business Degree!!!!
Please email resume to jenterpr
Well you don't need it:
Ok, officially lost again.
What name scares T and what about Point A???
lol
IfOnlyYouCould Spend everyday riding Personal Watercrafts
Been listening to some different music this weekend...The Lorax soundtrack, Tangled soundtrack, and as always, ...
Big day at Gemeinhardt!
Is one direction coming to Nashville on their 2013 tour?
Sweet Sixteen teams are currently battling to make the Elite Eight.
What do everyone's brackets look like?
episode of abdc is about to be hype!!
: She's a little methy.
Mom Hilarious.
Back home for a little bit before heading back to the pool for finals.
Crazy how American citizens can literally sit in their homes not working and collect twice as much as people elsewhere who work 12 hours/day
Spotted tons of great products  met lots of nice vendors the last two days.
Excited to write up articles  posts!
Cardinals are having an amazing game.
Great Game 3.
worldseries Bottom of 8th.
DID YOU JUST SEE LADY GAGA JUST FALL
Time is just as easy to find as it is to loose
having hope can make something good come out of something bad
Perplexed that has five Wes Anderson films and only four Robert Altman films.
Go to sleep!
:
many thanks for your videos, really enjoying them.
and, btw, that green top is a great color on you!
Glad you're liking 24x7 so much, John!
Do you think when Romney uses Carter's name in a derogatory fashion he realizes Jimmy Carter is 10x the man Mitt Romney will ever be?
respect for one another is the key , and how are men supposed to respect a women who don't respect herself?
On the bright side at least I get to go to half cap /
Yonny Guaneme shared a Tweet with you: Yonnyg: Your income is directly related to your philosophy, NOT the economy.
Jim Rohn
Jacob rocks, much better performer and singer than any of the remaining contestants
Free freaky Friday are going on Now free till 5am 163rd dixie 773 6406742 call for free tickets
hopefully it thunders and lightnings long enough to have tomorrow morning's practice canceled..
doubt it
Senate voted 2 repeal legislation that would have taken effect 1/1/12  required all businesses to report payments for goods/services 600
come on Bearcats!
this is nothing we haven't been through
And yet the speaker can't go out on a limb and clap for it.
in the queue at the DMV
getting ready to hit the town!!!!
via 6 Gen Y rules for older workers: 99dfXFs78Kgarb
Best to you as well!
Let's get some jobs today.
objective:toblowtheirminds
No worries.
And you're right.
I am now!
Spent two hours today with Riley, my SPCA project dog.
Know someone who wants to adopt 80 lbs.
of awesome bulldog, with sep anxiety?
Tweet!
Whoa!
FB algorithm fail: 90 of my newsfeed this morning was from The Guardian.
I love my girl.
She da best
as long as we stand with the bastard republican conservatives ruining this nation we are going to be called that
Welcome 2 the good life RT : My adventures north are comin to an end.
Officially moving to Dallas, what's up !
Texas Forever
i just got fucked over by the IRS does that count?
Getting pissed that, even with the correct wattage, this house burns through  CFL bulbs in 23 months.
Any suggestions for fixes?
Woah, are you saying NBA players are less biased, uninformed than sports writers, past winners, etc.
there's that smile  we dont see that too often
Why do I want to scan Kenyon Martin's bar code tattoo?
Citigroup Inc.'s banking subsidiary has unloaded more than 1.4 billion in commercial mortgages.
We're attending WordCamp Philly today wcphilly !
lol thank u
Pacers backups  Pistons starters.
Thats fun.
Hope theres no school tomorrow:
I would love if my classes were cancelled tomorrow...
OMG I'm tired but this my first day at work so I gotta suck it up.
Have a great day yal.
This is my perfect: reading a book with my kitty and a glass of wine while I listen to the rain outside.
Buy a Mac , get 100 to spend on the Mac App Store  Our prices are lower than Apple Education!
We're preparing for March's National Adopt Rescued Guinea Pigs Month are you?
Let us know if we can help!
Follow me hottness:
Fuck you too, Chase Bank.
oh dangit now I know they broke up !
Didn't even watch the episode yet lmao x
getting up early to pass out these kitty flyers
Hey everyone
Good Saturday morning!
Who's up??
Making plans today?
A: Big corporations buy them at whorehouses and donate them to the public.
That was really sweet.
HIS LIPS ARE LIKE THE SWEET I'LL NEVER TASTE.
wow she txted me first
only 29 days to Free Cone Day 2011!
RT : Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit
Impressive gymnastics going on right now on ESPNU.
Go girls go!
Anyway I am also a sucker for ice dancing.
no doubt...i'll get an artist spotlight up in the near future and let you know when it's up!
thanks for tweetin' back
ya me too even tho I don't really know what her life is like
aw ur killin me with that.
You know i will need a nap after work to make that one
doubt it because of 1d
when people post pictures of just their face looking sad with quotes on Fb ...it's awkward and nobody cares.
No words can express my strong dislike for 99 of the human race That 1 is the amount of good people in the world You're all in that 1 c:
Awarded grants for 44 high school football players to attend summer camps.
Thanks to all who help us help you!
You are a cruel man.
Great program.
I didn't think I was going to be able to do the whole thing but I did!
I love that it works w music on iphone!
:
Adorn the Wicked  Tomorrow: via
I gave it a gallant effort, Twitter....
But I just don't think that you're for me.
Follow along with and help us provide help to those in need  www.DesignTheDifference.com
yea except when your teammate hits u in the nuts so hard your on the ground for 10 min
i miss my computer.
RT : It's been 967 days since the Democrats passed a budget.
GOP House irresponsible for not following their lead.
you make me sick
today was pretty freakin awesome also awesome: discovered via that I live two blocks from
wow total coincidence or planned?
If it's coincidence talk about needles in the hay stack!
Lol
Listen to random shit on the radio...
can you put my name on the pic please?
:
my London London bridge be fallin down like miss doubtfire is on a bridge and falling down like..
is going to be as big as one direction or bieber, trust me on this one..then you can tell your friends you knew them before they did
Destiny doesn't just happen...
You have to put your best foot forward in order to make steps toward your doctoram...
new dppp.
: check it!
CBS Sports to have live/joint interview of Obama/Cameron during halftime of first NCAA game in Ohio on Tuesday
Thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to the deep data dives
Them niggas on the side looked hurt!!!
Quick: I need the location of the aforementioned establishment and flight times for BOS  PDX.
no one likes you.
3
you got to prove you ain't no chump then,
praying for yall : love you both!
Kinect's launch offerings have something for everyone, even for people who don't play games.
Google Places BreaksHeads up if you have/manage Google Places account, seems to be some issues recently with reviews, listings breaking
Im def bout to cry
: a great surprise  tremendous honor.
Has been forceful advocate 4 our region through esteemed career.SERIOUSLY Scott!?!?!!
I'd read the large print if it meant a short wait compared to regular print!
I'll see you tomorrow!
Talking Kissmas with Bel bright and early!
official 201112 sponsorship packet is ready...
if you're in the ski industry, hit up for details
Oh so u mad?
Okay
my foot is on the road to recovery i think!
we do have a pool out there :
Lol how thrilling.
Had really fabulous lamb and brussels sprouts at Flora with , my first time there
you too, my dear!
Crossing fingers I hit the lottery!
doctornking doesn't work for me.
Just woke up with no idea where I was and thought I missed the bus.
FML
conference then vacation.
Looking forward to the time off.
:
Waiting for a conversation with Seth McFarlane at
Embarassing...but it's Kissing You for the Romeo and Juliet soundtrack...love that song.
Overheard conversation:If intellectual banter turns you on, the classroom is the sexiest place ever.
What about conferences?
er body follow me iight
From now until the end of the survey will be posting biweekly questions for you to discuss.
Use SUSurvey to keep track
From a Marketing point of view; anything that your customers doesn't know, doesn't exist...!
Looking forward to working with tomorrow!
as you grow older, you start to appreciate the things that you didn't think mattered when you were younger.
on somos money...What the legislators did is vote for the people when they enacted tier 6 pension reform
Started writing an email about brunch places to go with my fellow graduates but realized there's only two more opportunities to go...
You say vegetarian like its a bad thing...
Horns rush 11 but can't get to the ball.
It sails into the end zone.
UT has 80 yards to go with 1:16 and no TOs.
I wonder how long into the 2012 season valverde can keep his save streak going...
RT : Scott and Scott  Thanks for taking us along with from Concept to Launch
Thanks for the mention Uncrate!
Safe House was good!
hahaha!!!
I'll be fine.
How are you?
Great Read!
OMG WHY ARE YOU NOT TWEETING ALL OF THESE DO IT NOW FOR THE LOVE OF PUPPIES
you are truly a great human being.
pics remind me of hangin wit my cuz at rileys childoctorns hospital indy.
Sure do miss him
CONGRATS!!
So excited for you, such a blessing to our hearts  ears!
check out the talented and beautiful Zarahi !
and her website!
You are welcome!
Gotta show love for all the Yankees fans!
Wishing cowriter, Deon C.
van Rooyen, a VERY HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
RVA get outenjoy today before storms.
KrispyKreme is open, sit on a rock in the James, walk Maymont, tons to do!
Just get out there!
Now that's something I can get behind.
RT Wine o clock
ifiwereasuperhero I'd want the power to read minds
Motorcity Kitties need their ROAR back.
WTF
when you have too many regrets to even count...
Good luck.
Have fun!
Mikey: WAT DID YOU GET WHEN U WERE 5 YRS OLD HOMIE T: I GOT A YELLOW BELT THEN I QUITE omg XD i love them!
Quitting smoking is not easy but it can be done, especially w/ acupuncture support.
Great American Smokeout begins 11/18, a week from Thurs!
Ambition is like love, impatient both of delays and rivals.
Ugh I don't know how to start this essay.
.
You're worse than sarah
maybe you have exceeded your allotted tweets?
her fans stay mad!
if they wasn't they wouldn't constantly jump in ppls mentions defending da bafoon!
Your welcome!
Thanks for sharing such great content with Fresno!
please , please , please follow me it would just complet me 3 2
Faculty meeting at 11am.
Popcorn is popped and ready to go.
honest outsider view, dose of honesty..
Nuggets future outlook.
More likely to make West finals or miss playoffs in next 3 years?
Congratulations, as a lifelong Packer fan.
This ensures that the Green BayMinnesota rivalry will move forward as it should.
Leadership is getting players to believe in you because they will see right through a phony, and tell when you're not giving it your all.
I want a pen pal while in California for the summer!
Poll party at my house tomorrow night, bitchez!!!!
Lol
im sorry i have no idea what youre talking about; been away from T for a min; ..haha refresh?
howre you ?
:
Henry Winkler Assumptions are the termites of relationships.
and this is very good :
Hi Margot, thanks for following us.
We're exhibiting at Decorex in London, are you going?
NowPlaying Banjo by Rascal Flatts from Changed  my new ringtone
this doctornkk is so sour 
Nope.
Only 5.
Cut it off when I got back to the Brady Street hill instead of running all the way back.
Do you have stories about Gamification in the Enterprise?
Please share with
Madison is still really cool.
Do you still have a Siamese?
I think I have always had one of those.
is off the hook!
December?
Really?!
captainring DCF Parenting Conference to disk and new OnCue graphics coming right up.
Gonna go too east side church today 
you are that awesome...
Out To Buy More Ice Cream To Keep Stuffing Our Faces..
:
you should probably follow him too.
He's a scholar and a gentleman.
I'm off to from sxsw on the 15th :
Jacob: Mom, look at me!
Damn, I love it when my autistic son asks for that!
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when people only call or text me when they wants something
I know!
Being serious about winning doesn't mean you need the best equipment, it means your opponent should
love the ad running on pandora.
joe may have your back, but johan has your feet!
lol
No, not the Monday!
What shows are you looking forward to this weekend?
Greensky Bluegrass with and looks tasty tonight!
When do you want to start planning your event?
Excited to have our final list of inclusions completed for our 'Lost Washington' hardcover coffee table book to be released this fall !
Gonna save 500 a month living without a car starting in 45 days.
Just gonna walk da Earf, like Kane in Kung Fu.
Yes, dear freshmen, this is the place where you can 'rent the books'
congrats and welcome.
That depends on if your interested in imaginary robot ladies and how big your credit card balance is.
Is Canon planning a camera that will compete with 30 plus mp?
Every Mets fan I know is down in the dumps about 2012, Twan.
You are absolutely correct.
FYI: I hate Peter's bonus game on the DoubleDown Casino Brady Bunch slot machine.
will we be okay?
Why yes, launching now.
But don't tell anyone.
RT Is site launching in the next 2 days???
The page says Feb 2012!
We're screening Graceland doc Under African Skies in ICC 115 tomorrow at 7pm.
There will be cupcakes.
You only Paul Simon once.
My account was hacked...it has been reset...sorry for any inconveniences.
Well.
You are a wolf.
Jefferson Davis crossed the Delaware and defeated Hitler.
that counts.
happy kitty moms day!!
:
hoping you are healthy and ready to bounce back with the team
: : : And I want some Coney...
smh, im down lol I'm far lol none for me for got u lift mad lol
that boy that came here yesterday is nice lol
Reminder: Street Team meeting tomorrow 4pm at Amanda's.
Thanks to Desiree, Monique, Rhaina, Lilly, Dee, Dani, Bree, Serenity, and if I forge
Just left some of my chin on the treadmill.
Chizzle time!
Cz you are on my mind .
Going to watch UPW Metras in the 5pm hour today.
I wonder if 132's going to pull an OB train on this line during that hour.
Oh boy!
so glad you enjoyed it!
Why couldn't Jack Edwards and TC be calling this game?
I am so not ok with Emily as Bachelorette.
You only get your turn in the hot tub once.
Need.
To.
Be.
Tan.
Finally watching Tangled.
Even cuter than I imagined!
Yupp I Gots Too It's Hot
London mayoral election made a big mistake hiring those staff from Iowa and Ohio to help count votes
Hi Jennifer, thanks for the follow.
Will you be attending
America's Got Talent tonight  8pm on NBC.
Can't wait to see !
said it best the black vote means nathing cause nothing in the hood is changing
Off to Pittsburgh for a week.
About to totally go unconscious on the plane.
..what are your tour cities?
I was definitely not an annoying little douchebag in middle school.
I hate everyone on this monorail
Though unlikely, Sale can still get a quality start tonight.
SQUAD we all headed back to ATL
just emailed you something.
have a look as soon as you can.
merci meeeeec
Erin Peck repping the group opposed to the legal sale of rawmilk.
Need labeling and cleanliness specifications before passing.
whens the next debate??
Yes they are.
Congrats and Good Luck!
The flat lands
Happy Wednesday everyone we hope your having a great week.
Being rich of heart makes you wealthy beyond compare  Rodney Williams
I have been thinking about it a lot; playa newbies.
We'll chat this weekend!
Going to the Summit?
RT So if JPM lost 2B in the last 6 weeks, who made a 2B professort in the same time, and how soon until they hire Ina doctorw?
fantastic application
OMG beyonce is pregnant?
The queens of Wolfe St.
are forever.
Killing these guys!!!
R.I.P...lol GRIZZNATION gritngrind baby!!!
singing the MOST PERFET DAY AYYY!!
lol in my
No way they're gonna be able to overturn that.
It's time to test my true capabilities today...
Leeman is tweeter!
MT Librarians, libraryschoo l give a follow to for info re this summer's SLAChicago conference
Lounging around the house in just my underwear 
I just saw an old picture of Alex and griffin hosting teen hoot...
Let me just say that would be a BEAUTIFUL couple!
Omg
Wellbehaved women seldom make history.
Laurel Thatcher Ulrich
I'm watching!!
yeaa thats an excuse to not talk to someone.
:/ been there.
RT : You lost your phone ?
I think your just avoiding me :/
When I leave town, I can listen to the Pandora station made  it's like he's with me.
I'm allowed to be a sappy wife on occasion.
Taking vitamins is a huge act of faith.
How do you know they're doing anything at all?!
Good night
Walking on breaks means that I: a actually take a break and b get a little exercise.
Thanks for the
WeLoveOurKidoctoruhl :' I love him SO much like u guys know...u understand.
AH I LOVE HIM.
LOOOOVEEE LOVE LOVE LOOOOOOOOVVEEEE 3 LOVE
Right there with ya.
that's like asking a mom to pick her fav child.
I  them equally.
: What is your favorite piercing?
bodymodification piercing
Ididn't realize you were in Colorado.
Me too.
I'm in Denver
Lauryn Hill goes hard since the 90s
Nashville, 100 of sales this evening goes to flood relief.
5 pints.
Do it!
If YouBelieveHavoc then you want to buy a mink cause Kayne baited P.E.T.A ok that was a reach lol
His hair will take over program!
: SMU fires men's basketball coach Matt Doherty after 6 seasons, 80109 overall record with
Honored by your follow Karen.
Thank you.
I'm delighted to follow back.
I love movie popcorn, but it's just SO much work to reach...
It's official.
I'm going to my first professorssional librarian conference next fall.
Kansas City here I come...for the third time!
hell yeah!!!
i like the Radiis too!
my hairs not long no more!
Lol
Ladies' night is upon us!
doctorp into Becketts and inquire about getting 20 off select items!
This is gonna b a long night SMFH
couldn't think of anyone else Id rather be celebrating new years with than my amazing boyfriend
Now he's listening to Super bass...
Hahaa he's just Chillin like we can't hear every word!!
I'll keep you posted.
Though I'm not expecting to hear back again for a little bit.
Fingers crossed.
:
I just want to be a better me...
Twitter needs to add head nod to the whole retweet favorite mixola.
Failure is a detour, not a deadend street.
Zig Ziglar
Hoping new text arranging option is precursor to widespread Internet of Things; would like a Commit Order button for household clutter.
CYCA lets see how it handles the .0017s
Bernadette, winner of my gift certificate at the last event came for her facial today.
She loved it!
Such a sweet lady.
No matter how many times you've had it, if it's offered take it, because it'll never be quite the same again.
Dear Christian bale please dear god SHAVE!!!!
Getting Out Of School Is The Best 3
I lovee you
is within.
FB!
S/O to them Pacers!
are those even the lyrics
Can't sleep.
Watching lots of Frasier on glad it's instant now!
Hoping for Pete  Pete next.
:
I didn't know you were GF.
I am too!
HI !
How was your day ?
Lol so I'm like one of ur biggest fans , nd seriously if u followed me back you'd make my life 3 :
Watching Seattle wake up to a fine morning from the windows of the 18.
big city doctorams :
I'm ready and waiting for it!
thank you
well nobody is perfect and I guess that's ur flaw lol :
I had a wonderful time at the gym.
Now to watch Friends and get ready for bed.
Big day tomorrow.
:
AIA Disaster Assistance Training today aia2012 excited to learn and help
Lee you disappoint me.
You let him get into your head
UFC 136 at tonight!
The only place in San Diego right now where you can try 619 Vodka!
Try it and let us know what you think!
hey Austin!
it's been awhile  I just want you to know..that I lovee you :
Our new myspace site is up!!
It has lots of new goodies for you to check out.
Go take a look at www.myspace.com/7blueskies
really looking forward to playing with y'all in Austin at Emo's!
Facebook IPO might be great for entrepreneurs this year...
seed money from Google millionaires helped start a lot of great companies
WOW this dude is 5'10 and throwing down in the NCAA dunk contest.
jumps 50 in the air...WTF
Workaholics comes back soon!
No more black hair!
Yay
I miss you already.
Le sigh.
Shrimp dick?
Bahaha.
People in this pawn shop are crazy
yeah i know but you can only listen to it for so long you know?
How beautiful is it today Twitter Fans?
We hope everyone is outside enjoying this Spring Day!
We love that fact that Zooppa has launched many careers for new videomakers and designers.
u are not in my followers :P
got energy but im sleepy at the same time lol
Please welcome our friend skullgodapproved !!
KIROConnect will be going on KIRO7 at 9:30...so if no computer, then t.v.!
Justin Moore Rocks!
I'm going to need a nap before I go out tonight...
Sometimes you have to see the unrealistic to become realistic.
yeah D;
hi!
Can I meet you?
when will that be?
I'm gonna hold you to that!
of Course man!
Perfect!
See you then!
yep yep!
Gotta rep my light skinned cuz from NC!
my lil sis is a few exams away from being dine with high school.
I feel old ...
WorkFlow coming to a end 13.5 hours to add to my check About 25 minutes Togo ..
Over time babi!!!
whatever punks.
Just found the old Hulk Hogan wrestling buddy pillow in the basement!
Smells a lot liked I'd imagine the real Hulk Hogan smells like.
Sweat
Please, please tell me they call him mister Mow It All.
a is u at home
thanks for the nice comment!
please add a review on our iTunes App Store page, we'd definitely appreciate it
Mini ATV  quad bikes adults
For our troubled running the ball we have abit of logjam at RB.
Do you see us carrying 5 RBs again next yr?
1st Sunday without football....always a doctorg.
I would rather they pass the bill to help eliminate student debt then focus on what the rates will be.
Life has a way of working things out.
Timing is everything.
Shocking news update, the packers have more pro bowlers than the vikings.
The good news for the vikings is they will have that week free!
But, will definitely return to BSoG before readathon is over.
2/2
Is it just me or did this doctorft take forever to get here?Still looking forward to it but it's a little anticlimatic.
Rooting for
well thank you for coming.
:
One thing i noticed i NEVER finish my chapstick or lipbalm.
I always end up losing it.
Haha.
Which would make me not a whore huh?
Congrats of , named New Member of the Year at Boise State U GreekAwards!
Thanks you killing too
HAPPY FOURTWENTY EVERYONE!
SMOKE IT UP!
:3 3
Benny Benassi Tomorrow Night at Myst in Scottsdale i can meet u and give u Tickets 25 per Ticket price's go up tomorrow text 6023481722
Direct deposit, actually.
Love that your professorle pic is the eggnogspewing scene from
happy birthday !
:
When your hair starts to grow back after youve shaved 
confidence is a stain you can't wash off , but cockiness will get you a slap across your face .
Amen sista!
you got it...the only bad workout is the one you don't do!
Cardio  Yoga for this gal tonight.
One Direction one SNL come on new Yorker !!!!
I'll give you dibs on any of my textbooks from 2L year if you want it.
:
no :D wbu?
Good to know, but you need to cut down on your data collection....
what he do now?
Can't say that I do.
Where the girls 18 damn
I would say Rachel appreciation day was a success thanks !
YES!
The United States troops are being allowed to come home to their country and to their families.
I got a 10 iTunes giftcard.
Any good songs I should buy?
SINE QUA NON ticket giveaway today at 3pm  Facebook/BluesAlley!!!
Vegas, hence the twit name.
;
thanks for the Francis shout out!
:D
YOU FiNALLY QUiT..WHERE YOU WORK NOW?...
RON WILLIAMS SHOW TONIGHT!
Excited!
Tomorrow!
We will be  wokcano Santa Monica to DJ!
No cover, sexy lounge and huge dancing patio, great Asian fusion food.
DJ !
I am giddy with anticipation at the NY Post tomorrow.
feel more relaxed after Yoga by tonight.
Thanks!
Hospitals creep me out
you have the power to accurately portray the incredible, lifesaving gift that is organ donation.
Be responsible with your shows.
Hey guys wanna snd a shoutout to i luv u girl enjoy it!
3
they know where the requirements are too.

Are you all coming to Penn on your tour?
What is the latest news about Selena?
I heard a blood pressure test or something yesterday?
that's you two days ago
We're at Broadway at 55th Street.
The smell of smoke is everywhere.
Galveston is burning.
Clear2GO bottles are now 9.99...6 bucks off regular price .
Makes a great stocking stuffer.
www.clear2o.com
Majority of women are lonely cuz they build walls up instead of bridges!
goodoctorads  the library.
Can it work?
Got me thinking about Pirates movies, and how that Michael Bolton skit made up for how bad Pirates 2, 3 and 4 were.
When does it come back?!!
No!!
It's the last day possible to renew my Hill pass, and yet, there is no line.
Dating is exciting for both singles.
A few suggestions to show them you love them:
getting up nice and early tomorrow to temporarily dye my hair.
I hate doing that, but I need a little summer change!
I will never be thr same without you
depends on wat time my session ends.
i'll be in the lab wit
lobo needs to stop calling the WNBA game tonightshe couldn't be more biased if she was on the Lynx bench....geez
Talent is never enough.
With few exceptions the best players are the hardest workers.
Magic Johnson via
srry I didnt answer.
I was eating dinner then hung out in my downtown lol
For Union Rags' owner Wyeth, horses are in the blood  Bellingham Herald
we should write a letter to sr Martha but not say who it's from
RT : Once again the academy has ignored me...
We've got to get you back on the big screen in style.
MSNBC puts on a Philly pol, who looks well versed in handing out 'walking around' money on Election Day, to badmouth voter ID laws.
RT : Plan for digital intelligence using 5point roadmap, addoctorssing CustExp, measurement, ownership, optimization, tech
I watched that one go down.
I can't tell whether anyone has any amendments at the desk for 201.
Do you know?
Hah!
If only there had been a bottle of good 'ole Texas Pete on the table!
I don't
Going skating with Robyn...see you on the other side!
It's raining outside but the breakfast is hot in here.
doctorve thru on your way to work or school.
did you know that roald dahl wrote the screenplay?
He who fears something gives it power over him.
on my way now!
That's why I take them at night
Hell no i am not coming to your party playing some damn BIngo chick get out of here with that
If you post spammy shit on our wall you will be reported and blocked.
eg if Romeo and Juliet had cell phones, their plan would have come off w/o a hitch.
yea girl bak to back goals kitty
Let's go USA!!
u b good u till a boss bitch
then you get for free tonight
That was a tidy 2:40 game.
I need a new phone.
Mite as well join the IPhone team
Lee.
C'mon.
No need to be coy.
We all know you have the suit.
Happy 23rd Birthday to my beautiful, smart, world traveling daughter.
You truly did save my life and I love you with all my heart.
2/24/89
see not everything is available as an app or remote friendly site yet.
So a full mouse  keyboard on a remote is awesome!
i am at this point where i feel like i am really busy promising other people that i will get doctornk with them.
I fucking low key wished u would wish us good luck!!
Social Media should not be an overwhelming process, but it should have a focus.
You can start off small and build over time.
It is an...
the ones I haven't starred, I could do without.
What a game!
Hope everyone enjoyed it and had a great weekend!
Seriously.
Waited for upgrade though.
Today would be a perfect rainy day for a bowl of Chicken Tortilla Soup.
Get it before it's gone in the next few weeks.
it's times like these when I don't enjoy your tweets.
Can't wait!
RT Just arrived at Ann Arbor radio to go on I'll be on in 15 minutes.
Starting off Monday with a bang!
this is gonna be a bad practice, I just know it
We had a great time  July 3rd Lake Worth Event!
www.southfloridaalerts.com
we have phones out here and smart ones too :
Email me at and ill send you some songs.
Just say send songs or tell me a little more about you.
Singing to you Jay !
Our team will be hopping between delicious client establishments!
Never a dull moment in Chicago's culinary scene.
20thingsaboutme i love going thrifting: one of a kind stuff right there.
Judge me.
Haha
is reading Copernicus, science in the primary texts is a science that speaks to the humanities.
Yes it really is :
thanks  you are very talented!
Missing 's concert........
Hopefully someone records it and puts it on YouTube
he's a great example of a PA announcer who just did his job and didnt act like a clown on the mic cough
nice to see you picking your alma mater
A beautiful black vintage, neverbeenworn satin and lace waist cincher from Illisa's Vintage Lingerie in NYC.
SMH ...
Now Why U Gwan Remind Us the bout how we used to have a 1st  2nd  3rd shift on Twitter ...
I Need A Smart Girl With A Dumb Booty !
;
Against my gastric doctors orders and throwing caution to the wind, I just enjoyed my first Doritos Locos Taco from Taco Bell .
.
.Oh My
Today is the day to follow me I follow back
Same Virgin Mobile, just upgraded phone.
Old one froze all the time, especially when phone taking/receiving calls.
Not okay.
Between my crossfit family, my friends and the strength given to me by my faith, I can make it through all things!
:
I should have never texted back..
This is where it gets serious oO
I know What it is and How it is Done
wow that's awesome
So lloks like ima have to wait a couple hours till it warms up so I can sell these Hawk Cards
Up to the judges ..
No word do not autocorrect his name to urine..
it's Urie.
No parent would name there kid urine
Life isn't about finding yourself.
It's about creating yourself.
Caught cold from Feeling a bit cruddy but aim to be asleep by 9:30.
That should help.
Asked to classify genre for newest book  my answer is 'Great'.
Is that a genre?
Smoke and Mirrors coming soon.
Next time u plan a tourney, let us know  we could perform skill development workouts 4 the teams.
It would be a huge selling pt
Heart to Heart Conversation 3
RT : Delay in Bonds trial.
One juror is missing.
I stopped caring long ago about who the mother is on How I Met Your Mother.
Almost to 800 guys :
Happy MILF Day
Pop a molly, smoke a blunt, that means im a high roller.
woo thats awesome..went there 2 years ago haha :
I will be really surprised if you don't like it.
I'm in love with this movie.
I want to see it a kajillion times.
Have fun tomorrow
Century boys have to be the favorites.
Klampe and Fritcher are a nice 12 combo for Panthers.
will you throw them into the elite of the B1G or are you waiting for a 'cuse upset to make a Badger Herald article about that?
don't show up to the games teams don't make .
You think the heat would be able to pay Lebron w/ their FSN Miami deal?
How many of my fellow tweeps are watching Night of Champions tonight?
Im not talking about fans, fans can say I love u.
Im talking about this girl who won't Gv rest were just friends nothing more.
I knoww tear and that face again?
Lol, atleast you used it at the appropiate time this time though
Experience is what you have after you've forgotten her name
Happy Friday!
!
Thanks for the retweet!
:
The fact that Jimi Hendoctorx's Greatest Hits CD is in the 5 bin, makes me realized how fucked up the world is getting.
oh, i had amazing bread!
true!
I was glad I got to see a game at the tank this year.
Today is Twitter's 6th birthday.
Cheers to the microblogging service that changed the world!
Thanks for the RT!
Happy Groundhog Day from Absolute EyeCare!
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves, to break our own records, to outstrip our yesterday by...
u so crazy...my phone didn't ring
Aww, thanks :.
Can't wait!
come talk about designing a new proprietary line for me.
I'm in town Thursday and Friday.
Building a studio!
Is it annoy jocelyne day or
308 tonight?
my roommate Abby is the cook there btw
Painting a lot this week, the extra daylight helps.
Man, the 30 is a monster!
yea I am
I'm thinking my Tevalike Skechers flip flops.
At least they match!
Some people absolutely love the pink hot chocolate.
I'm a promoter here in Miami.
Pls follow me for the best parties in town :
Thanks Caroline!
You are 1 of the best in the biz, and I hope we will continue to work together!
Good luck with your new gig too!
I can't wait!
Working through the todo list.
Had a great class today.
Not tonight.
Being social :D.
RT Stream tonight or I will eat your family.
Cute commercial.
I rewound it to watch again.
Nicely done RT : Just in case you haven't heard...
13 loves you ROC!
:
Do you actually listen to yourself when you speak, or do you find you doctorft in and out?
Shout out to one love on the convo this morning I always learn a lot from you.
Disappointed and not at the same time.
Feel like this was a good game for some parts
We are looking for more LIKES on our Facebook page.
It's a great place to peek at our latest shenanigans.
Go to: Facebook.com/ExtremeMoms
Amen!
That is a powerful mother that came with that daughter!
Sheryl Lee Ralph
Just heard on NPR that U of California schools are talking about a 0upfront tuition in exchange for 5 of student's paycheck for 20yrs
Discussing in class: its better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all
5/21  Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Neal Brennan
hopefully theyll close the roof to keep the sun out
those were jokes??
jk  good stuff, I'd forgotten about the O'M colts/ravens bet ...
spoton delivery of the welsh
I love you!
Can it be summer already??
We all have 3 choices in life: Give up, Give in, or Give it your all!
Annual checkup done!!
No blood tests!!!
Yay!!!
Dear lord, bill polian on is worth the price of admission.
SO MUCH KNOWLEDGE
They couldn't even be original????
RT my name is on the flyer along with the old partners smh.
Going up north with Michael for the day !3 oh, I've missed him.: He's bringing the baby :D Autum Rose Wiest3 SoFar,SoGood;
i dont know..
im just hella feelin the supremes right now..
just where im at right now ..
i really dont know..
i'm serious...
Shaved legs and clean sheets
First middle school vball game of the season
Tweet It Now starting now w/  , moderated by Follow TIN for journo twitter tips.
My TL weak af right now...
guess I'll try sleeping....
keep it!
It'll be worth something someday!
i miss my lubby!
He needs to start texting me again!
Id call if i could but my voice is gone right now pretty much.
Great thing about baseball: You never have to wait long for another chance to succeed.
I need a doctornk to calm my was down!!!
I don't think liam has ever met miley though...lol
my first visit and I like what I c
kind of a kamikaze kinda task
If a males urine tests positive
u need a tweet diet bitch be quiet
Even if this doesn't work out, I have new appreciation for the co.
and standard for job app experience.
kmsl n u know this
this 6th grader thinks i like him?lol no.
i mean lln not lol.
check our favorited tweets.
It was his old account that he deleted apparently before creating a new one
Experience of DOs to talk, to touch, and to heal.
When people are so negative about things
I'm also reading Glamour magazine.
This is how I spend my friday.
that's ya twitter follower.
All I do is tell the truth.
Scracthimg the record and backspin.
Keep it gucci
the keg is Electric once again!
Does your pooch need a new, bikepowered, ethicallyminded, walking partner?
Get in touch!
I'm Sickk Smhh I'm Not Never Feeling Good ...
didn't see this one coming
At all!
Listen, grad school applications will eat your life.
I've been a shell of my former self since about October.
Focus on autism symposium today from 6 to 9 pm at 651 Colley Ave.
Learn what EVMS has to offer and hear about ongoing research!
Evidence 1900's fashion is back in  Instagram.
Sinise is like the 1 fundoctoriser for injured vets.
Watched something on him about a year ago.
Gained a lot of respect for him
acabo de subir las fotos de la fiesta de Halloween...
feel free to tag yourselves :P
This week is Food Allergy Awareness Week.
We must shed light on this lifethreatening issue.
I suffer from many food allergies.
Motel 6?
I'm SO there!
Tom Bodetts keepin' a light on for us!
I'd be screwed if I wasn't : Have an AWESOME day!
Mike, Thanks for the compliment.
Yes we are connected on LinkedIn.
Sent you a message a little while ago.
i have 86 followers what you gonna do ?
ya thats right, im a boss
Dissnn Kobe and you got no rings
6/11 10:45 PM  Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: David Baker
Hahaha ;D Bumming It Today But I've Been Great How About You??
We Need To Catch Up!
Transitions in libraries are never fun but it's hard to imagine doing it as poorly as this.
Way to maximize the stress and pain!
Ok.
on to football season!!!!
Im off from work now!
Time to chill!!
Probably right!
Following thanks to
Go to sleep .
haven't seen you around in forever.
How are things?
YouProbablyShouldnt vote for Lebron as MVP if he keep ducking like the other night
you know you will be sporting some red lipstick in your pjs.
Oh wait that's me
I am blessed to have so many amazing friends.
I wanna knw how many April babies I got on my TL, so if ur bday is this month  Retweet: Team Aries an Taurus
The correct answer, now that I think about it, was not writing a massively inefficient method in the first place.
Doh!
Did you see our video  read our press release?
PassionForChange Chicago Movement StopBullying StopSuicide Help us stop it.
Happy Revenge of the fifth!
Our card game is based on geeks and their fandoms.
We have a set in the works featuring Swashbuckle and Ex Deo.
I would.
There are WAY too many Jennifers.
It was a trendy name for like 15 years after the movie Love Story.
Mario Lemieux good!
Who wants to come over and cuddle?
Give light and people will find the way  Ella Baker
Especially with a little black pepper, a little cheddar, and a glob of real butter...
11:11 i wish for to tweet me 3
Fuck .i can't take this anymore.
Important college  student aid talk this week.
One key piece very much on our radar right now: communitycolleges.
Announcements to come.
you said you tweeted me but I received no such thing!
Love!
Thanks for sharing!
Meditation creates inner contentment.
The experience of Truth is knowledge, and True Knowledge is Bliss!
Happy mothers day evrybody
Congratulations.
Good for you.
Congratulations doctor Meredith!!!!!!!!!!!
You're right.
Every day will be 100 worth it.
Just gotta stay strong and keep my chin up.
i completly agree with you.
one of my many faves of that year.
Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead, yeah 
haha for sure!!
:D
Man , My Pirates can't do nothing on offense.
I'd know it's early but come on
ND may not win tonight, but they are running some stuff i'd like to put in for nxt season
Ugh, I am so sorry you got the doctorpalflu I am glad you escaped unscathed!
At what point in this transformation do I lose my unique personality  reason I wanted to become a teacher
what?!!
you could never bother me!
: 85?!
I bet you guys are thawing out up there!
Headaches are better...
Two great sessions thus far today: Angie HIcks of and on The Relationship Economy
I Cant wait for
Big things are coming your way, Snackers.
Stay tuned.
Going to have to delay the stickam for a little bit because my computer is being a piece of shit...but hopefully we'll be on soon!
Keep us updated!
: RT We hope you will check out our kidsapp Kandoobi  Animal Edition for iPad when it launches soon.
You can't interview Darryl Sutter on the bench...it takes 4 minutes for him to answer one question!
Breaking out the yellow polo for the big wedding
Prototype  the original on which something is based; someone that serves to illustrate the typical qualities of a class.
: Nothing is this world compares to the glory of our God.
Nothing.
Nothing compares to what He has for us.
Yeah.
Maybe it's just a season not for me and next year they move away from the stuff I found annoying/repetitive.
same to u, thx!
Or you could just use so I can see what you're reading!
Cam Newton named to NFC Pro Bowl roster replacing Eli Manning who is well IN THE SUPER BOWL!
I know.
Your tweet just reminded me of the lifestyles of many of the rich funders of progressive magazines, esp the vacations part
so much stuff happened while i was gone..
Now listening to: MGMT  'Electric Feel'
yes!
Daft punk Tron!
CloudBrokering check out CloudeVerse product
it's Andoctor.
I'm Standing next to you right now.
Follow back
my pleasure.
also thank and for the tip!
oh awesome!!
And yes, me and Matthew are great3 thanks for asking!
What do you do when you're sad?
:
Signed it!
Thanks for the link!
save her , save her.
IfIHadACult...I'd make my followers kick flash mob males in their privates
Three Peas chillin
Im sorry honey : i deleted it..
:
Have a good time !
the night life is live !
,,
This is a new one: soaked to the skin and watching a wet, sidewaysblowing snowstorm from a Flatbush coffee shop.
There's a sweet spot bet too much  not enough.
Right at the moment it feels silky on the outside wrap it  chill it 1 hr.
Money Stay On BodyBuilder
6 mile run yesterday, 7 miles today plus a swim.
How many Cadbury Eggs will that cover?
Do Peeps count too?
Each day rain's been forecast this month, I've biked in  parked in garageno rain.
Today the sameit's only now raining in Polish Hill.
We have a service called Wildblue.
There is three packages; 49, 69, 79.
Looking forward to lunch outside w/little D today at UMBC.
Great way to start the weekend, to include surprise visit w/ Sunday.
There is a certain Buddhistic calm that comes from having....money in the bank.
Tom Robbins
Fun contest!
RT : Having lunch ?
1st person to tweet us a pic wins 2 tix to concert tonight !
It's official I have graduated.
Beanie Wells or Ryan Grant ?
Thanks :D
The Bobcats should be forced to play in the WNBA.
My guys will run them into the ground in next 2 games,be a shock to see them get in Denver
I pray I never become complacent
Also why do all narrators for books on cd sound like 90 year old women?
no younger people want to read books aloud?
fridayreads Have Mercy on us all by Fred Vargas and listening to Ape House by Sara Gruen
WHOA WHOA WHOA.
Crazy harsh.
!!
So true story
Had a great time teaching the workshop at BioCurious.
Looking forward to more!
RT : in the building!
NEW AT 9 mix on the BLOCK PARTY ON TUNE IN NOW!
Happy B day to the guy with the greatest hair on this side of the missippi
love little notes from dads!
Happy Valentines Day
Never go to bed mad.
Stay up and fight.
Phyllis Diller
On Wumenguan  koan 31: No crack of the whip Need rip hands from the cliff's edge.
Lightning from shadow!
Making Pancakes for my three favorite little girls.
:
You are the star for which all evenings wait.
3
we're happy too!
might have a diff cooler name but it's still just me  johnathan writing everything, so it's all good :
Should not have taken that nap today.
OMG ARE YOU SERIOUS!!!:O im SO jelly.
You saw him in concert!!!!
And he told you Happy Birthday in person.
:O
Just entered a record in but it seems to have deleted one I'd created previously : help!
Anthony January of Taft HS has gotten it together in the classroom and will qualify also he will visit Univ.New Mexico in a couple of week
On my bucket list RT : for me it was in 06/2005 went to england.
Wow!
Wrote 5 offers on 5 prop in the past week for 4 different buyers.
As rental rates rise, renters see that it's cheaper to buy!
Fantasy is necessary and meaningful
Maybe if my band ever gets signed we'll tour  play in your city!
LOL
Words are loud.
A lack of words can be louder.
I'm here.
What time on Sunday?
Noon?
I think I might be able to swing that.
Where at?
My 6 year old little brother calls you Scotty McTooty
Happy Thanksgiving World!!!
I slammed my laptop shut too!
I ran out of the room!
Ugghhh!
I legit almost pissed my pants!
Example: Blue light
Just you wait and see!!!
:
not too bad, how about you?
how's the little one?
not so little anymore, I bet!
3 30 in the mornin and i'm up smokin a blunt....in Alabama.
Getting ready to start CCDay with NBCUniversal and Comcast at Lankershim Elem.
in North Hollywood!
I can't get home fast enough to take a nap.
you are so perfect I just want to cry
Listening to talk about chaos and creative destruction
Unfortunately we don't as of yet!
No problem!
We look forward to our feature!
SHE SAID I LOVE YOU BOY I LOVE YOU SO
SWAG She Wants A Gentlemen
Honestly, I can't think of any feminist issues around the wedding.
Lots of doctorss/body image stuff, though.
APRIL 6, Keythings Ent.
Present ladies Night out Concert.
W/  KC n JOJO  Next Horace Brown  Tickets on sale 
Happy Babies Diaper Bank's first delivery of diaper's will be tomorrow at 2 pm to St.
Stephens Community Center.
Yes lee RT : is Bryce Harper from Vegas?
I need a massage.
Gym stationary bike...trying to get my mind right!
Nerves are shot today.
thanks for the follow :
Dear hoodies, thank you for always being there for me.
Sincerely, I'm sexy and I know it, I'm just way too tired to show it.
How did your nutrition weather the storm?
Read more on my blog at: www:eating4achieving.com.
pretty well!!!
Went to the city earlier and now I'm relaxing while eating a gyros fries and cheese sticks!!!
:
Lord, be with me while I take my STARR test and please hold my Dad's hand as he undergoes surgery.
ohh snap i hope i didn't miss anyone's text
I can think of several more.
Kind of like that Paul Simon song about ways to leave your lover.
;
: Scorpio 20ThingsAboutMe 1 I am choosey when it comes to love and friendships
For real, say that.
You're better off just getting a license forget about the ID.
I look up to Kanye West.
Always will, hes an egotistical genius and owns the confidence of a demigod.
Fuck you, hes number one.
I love running into random friends at the airport at 5:30 AM!
I never would have thought I would hear a line like, gay money is replacing Wall Street money.
Another 1 gone too soon.
The funeral of Akkad Wynn will be this morning at 11.
May he R.I.P.
My prayers are with the family.
We will miss hi
The mcn2011 greatdebate is on the proposition: there are too many museums.
Initial vote: 6535 or so against.
youknowlifeisgoodwhen...
you know life is good is trending.
Atheist Muslim Christian Jew and
Damn that was all Penner!
you got a ticket?
What are the major recent movies in indie Seattle cinema I need to see?
I think the smell of rain has to be one of the best smells ever!
downside, spending their college fund on chicharrones, but hell they will prolly end up being chefs anyway
In school and reweeting statuses...
Thats when you know im bored
All have to do is what I can do and He said He will do what I can't!!!
The bread will look up and shout Toast me!...
and I'll look down and whisper No.
I wouldn't have a problem with a robotprostitute...
seems like a problem solver.lol
An EP is an extended play, usually something around 47 songs.
Like half an album sort of!
BirthAnnouncement Welcome to the world Baby McGregor!
lol...
sounds about right!
Private classes available, low prices, compare and save  http://www.policemountainbiketraining.com
It's 3:02PM EST, do you know where your childoctorn are?
Writing is a socially acceptable form of schizophrenia.
E.L.
Doctorow
We're doing it again this afternoon...
performs The Beatles, 2PM at the Moore Theatre
Where is lol
itz fuckd up how ppl dnt realize how good of a person u is an shyt until u off dis earth
Ha.
Nice.
Greatest oneliner ever, but one that only  may remember.
hope you followed me back pls..
Ha, I'm pretty picky too.
RT : Food industry used framing to prevent regulation of food advertising.
responded w/We're not buyin...
ZOMG is the same as OMG
It was a fun day!
See you tonight at the Bet on the Pearl event?
Happy Mothers Day!!
it isn't latent, she showers with knickers on!
Can't sleep.
you was smoochin with my brother ;
RT : Shout out to New World Symphony.
Truly an amazing venue and outdoor space unique in
happy mothers day
New Radiohead Saturday!!!!
New Radiohead Saturday!!!!!
New Radiohead Saturday!!!
New Radiohead Saturday....YES!!!!YES!!!YES!!!!
Here we go Bubba!
DBSA offers information on depression and bipolar disorder as well as listings to patient support groups.www.dbsalliance.org
Not a chance.
He needs The Result Octagon
New Assembly Committee spotlights promising solutions 4 young men of color and the state.
Follow for news
Happy Earth Day, friends!
Take a moment to think of your impact on mother earth  we only have one!
RIP Dick Clark
I don't care what you think about me, i don't think about you at all
yes, it's happening.
We are quoting and beating co's like Geico and Progressive!!
Easy sell when you add the value of an agent.
please.
It's not a narrative.
She's dumb.
Along with several of her counterparts on the other side.
If U are with the wiunion cause twitter is the way to to go.
about to shower  doctorss ..
But just how many speeches go into overtime?
The best places to pickup women : everywhere but the bar/club
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL s new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you!
Festival International Lafayette ,La UPC we out hea!!!!
Getting any skiing in?
I am experiencing vicarious tragedy!
RT Dead Milkmen tix sold out!
Lesson learned.
Imma go cry now.
Good life3
Thanks: and thanks for the follow.
Can this new Grand Theft Auto come out now!?
Yall better be ready for TONIGHT...Keith Sweat  Montell Jordan at Sunset Station  then headed to BAR 11 to get CRAZY!
What a waste of breath, this coward no talent autotuning cause he cannot sing
ISS astronauts say Planet Earth, and Space Station
And soon I will have sushi!
have a lovely weekend, friends.
We appreciate the follow!
We hope designers will keep the Audio/Visual design aesthetic in mind when creating spaces.
Bare with us, everyone.
I know you think Broken Glass has been snoozin but we'll be making some big announcements very soon!!
Lol I'm gone it don't take but one time 
Do the suits come with an excessive amount of pleats?
Sweet!
airing an 811 marathon of the ORIGINAL HardKnocks, starring the 2001
A correction to a recent update: TALISMAN YOU'RE friends you want to be part of Untoward's twitter army.
OFFICIAL HU Graduation party is at ClubIbizaDC tonite.
Congrats!!
Saturday night Hookup :: 21 Free all night :: will pop off
: Is the Senate doing all it can to create jobs via online poker licensing?
Support HR 2366, the Online Poker Act!
Sounds good.
Thanks.
Thanks U Soo Much!
I appreciate all ur support : And :
Today's 9RoundMinute is going to be brutal, but it's the best way we know how to send off 2011.
Coming up at noon!
thanks, my cousin is loving this!
did you go to soslam?
It says something when heads from your home town/state stop fucking with you.
OH: It's like this ritual in France.
It might be outlawed now.
Esri license renewal time!
Twitter can be like talking to crazy homeless people through protective glass.
just follow people on the other side of the world...fun boozy foreign tweets!
I'm not homeis the debate that bad?
I'm probably missing out on doctornking aren't I?
Save me!
And make me feel alive!!
look ahear it aint my fault u cant read
Listening with ones entire body is a special present moment awareness practice.
We learn so much when we really listen
Just watched the best video EVER....my life is now complete
Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your strength.
Deuteronomy 6:5
Improving Pirate Metrics with Product Design with from Boomerang!
BT Elder Law attorney Janet Morris served as keynote speaker at the Taiwanese American Lawyers Associations Annual Law Day.
Are you serious???
Really!!!
March 9th!
Rap music changed for the worst.
RIP
pghPC Don't forget to register for our event on September 14 with
: Both and pick to make it to ZouOrleans.
Mizzou
SMi is not a tout service, we attach importance to value not volume.
SO DID I!!
You shoulda tweeted me!
We could have gone together!
;D
yeah i love making them..i love film
ok great and I won't.
And ok I'll ask her tomorrow.
Good luck with the video making Canadian friend!!
Does Lady gaga celebrate Halloween?
RT People always wonder why I'm happy all the time.
UM do you want me to be sad or?
I don't know dawg.
wow, I am SUPER DUPER IMPRESSED with the new CFA LOGO.
I find myself INSPIRED TO BE A BETTER MAN.
thanks C!
I think it has a very good chance!
Thx to student designer for helping to brand the Crowley social media pages.
Much better!
I want to go home.
Soon only 4 more hours.
So sleepy!
haha great minds think alike :
Oh daddy
Ladies WOA...if ur coming to bed with ur hair wrapped at least have on something sexy.
ImJustSayin Thanks!!
Management 
c u on foursquare
Follow your heart with whatever you do in life and you will know you're on the right path.
Thanks for checking it out!
Its a shot I took when I had lunch with Lisa a few weeks ago :
When you miss that one person.
na..
I liked her better when she was serving that ModelAnorexiaRealness lol when are u free this week??
In exchange for The Walking Dead TV time I am now watching GCB
that's a proposition I would vote for.
forgot the joy of wading through irigaray and beauvoir.
sljsummit10 Don Leu no state in USA measures students' ability to read search engine results
Greetings on the Church New Year!
First topic of the day: the Enola Gay and the bombing of Hirosima
app columns lock up to prevent scroll/update, plus no sync bt mobile app and web app!
Really?
Novelty at this pt far from useable
I want to try this damn doctor Scholls machine.
I wanna know my foot pressure number.
Planning my birthday WOD.
I smell Burpees!
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world 3 9
Thx 4 recommending I'd been using Apple's iDisk, but it still has issues with not syncing properly.
Hoping for best!
about to body my breakfast, that my mother was so kind to make, and then kill on Goldeneye.
Thanks for following me Ben!
Come on Sun!
thx for letting me know you are home safely.
And, my genuine pleasure meeting YOU!!
2.5 hours on telephone hold and still no representative
They smile in your face then turn on you!!!
I feel that
Did you know that Kangarros can't jump backwards?
...Australia's got some strange laws
This school is going to burn down!
April was a great month of progress for bfest planning.
I'm looking forward to finalizing plans by the end of may and releasing info June 4!
New oil pump, new oil pan gasket, but no oil pressure.
Wtf, don't think I did anything wrong...
had no idea they were archiving this RT : Hoffman: Most terrorist websites password protected.
Major barrier for archivists.
you and my husband are both excited!
worldseries have fun watching the game
FF If she gets 5000 followers by 2/1/12, she'll let us see the deleted scene between Mara and Noah!
squeals Get on it!
NW One Day , This movie is so sad :'
R.U.H A.Y.H!!
IF U DONT WAT DAT MEAN IT SOMETHING FUNNY...
i hope today is a chill day cuz its starting off like that :
OHMYGOD.
JASON'S COMING HOME SOON.
AH.
c:
Theres always people that cant see the good side in all these stupid riots lol .
Happy birthday from Pedoctor and Poncho and me.
Pew!
Pew!
didn't realize you were a Lebron fan bro!
Headed out to show my farm listing.
It is such a good buy!
They are practically giving away the farm!
Off to n.c this week
Melzer and Mathieu advance at Monte Carlo MONACOJurgen Melzer of Austria and PaulHenri Mathieu of France both won in straight se
After you ROCK OUT at WINTER JAM tonight, wake up in the morning and join us for PRAYER 10AM in The Garage!
Ugh, please less Ellis on
Watching Childoctorn of the Corn on the train this morning before work.
BART is my second home.
We will give the first new announcement tomorrow!
Exciting things to come from us in 2011!
Oh no..
based on what you said, it sounds like it's in the later stages..
is it?
I'm so sorry : : : :
a place to fell better about yourself!
My account is un suspended :
We're getting geared up for the RW24 race this weekend...thinking we have a pretty solid team this year!
I really need to catch up on IJustWantMyPantsBack I lve this show!
Talkin all doctorft today
..had a friend, B.J Sund..caught apparently, in Katrina..so didn't seem to understand what ever happen to his wife and set of twins..
Saw your spot on MLB Network last night.
It was great.
Well done.
Enjoy the games this weekend
I love Mad Men, yet I can't place my finger on why.
Motorcycles.
Everywhere.
Steel Ponies opens at the Eiteljorg in 27.5 hours.
Get your motor runnin'!
God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.
William Shakespeare
I'm cooking and everyone else is resting or sleeping.
Therefore I'm doctornking.
Rachel Maddow nailed it last night when she compared Republican law makers and the debt ceiling to kids putting metal in the microwave...He
USDA On The Hunt For Offspring Of BSEinfected Cow
That can't be good.
do it like a brother, do it like a dude
Im so excited I can't even sleep!
RT : doctor Oz is coming on Friday to talk with Jay Towers in the Morning!
Stop playin, Im fresher than a Degree stick.
hold on, ima look now
I really cant wait for ur album!
Iv been supporting u since 2008 and u have come so far i love u so much 
Good Morning everyone Have a Great Blessed Friday!
OMG REMEMBER ME GIRL?
we used to talk:D haha thank you :
LOL : Alex Rios with a nice tribute to Juan Pierre there.
You're in luck!!!!
This is perfect nap weather 
And friends too, oh yeah, I have the best of them too
Loving this weather.
i can't remember too many others, outside of Cutch's 2 last year  the Rob Mackowiak walk off Grand Slam against the Cubs
Today is EARTH DAY!
Come in today and receive 20 off if your FroYo contains the colors blue, green, and brown.
On the hunt for a fabulous wine rack.
Any suggestions?
In class not feeling no movie right
Why can't I be happy?
you are one of my favorite characters on TWD!
You looked beautiful on talking dead tonight!
;
Verizon magic
Chapala for dinner!!
:
My new earphones are the best.
Wild blueberry scones in the oven, and Ethiopian Harrar coffee percolating.
Time to get my breakfast on.
Lol always : let's have more adventures!
RT : It's always an adventure with !!
Gods gift of knowledge and understanding of the body is not limited to healthcare professorssionals:
Thanks for the follow!
I look forward to your tweets and sharing how we each make a positive impact in the lives of others.
When someone tells u about theyr problems, it dosnt always mean theyr complaning, it means they trust u
Me tittzz are like pepperoni :3.
Lol, my bad bro!
Mon: CD Review.
Wednes: The Beauty and the Beast of Summer.
Fri: ???
Stay tuned....
I've been reading blogs, finally.
You guys have such good words
Thank You  Ditto!
I Thank God for our friendship  we were right where we were supposed to be.
Post lots of pictures for your listings!
Lack of picture is a turnoff for buyers
The team expands beyond measuring!
Goodnight everyone have a nice night i know i did!XD
Thanks for the follow  we'd love to play a show for you sometime!
imagine you and Liam in a restaurant and he gives you a little box and you open it to find a ring.
L: i love you kisses you
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
24hours !!!!!!
49
Comedy show this Sunday  Starlight hmu for tix
Double Oo RT And she had a TWA!
She said she seen me in YT.
Oo
From the Lillian Schwartz to the Jo Dery films, so much good abstract music/sounds
do you prefer hypertext and electronic literature OR hypertext and literature?
How about hypertext and new media?
Dined at Piccolo tonight.
Bourdain was not exaggerating.
I am totally feeling the Doug Flicker love tonight.
Looking at the Mets roster rite now do you think we he a shot at the wildcard?
ehh your truck is enough for me:
you should really try to get more out of your day!
:
FYI, AAS3rdCentury RT : DeLucia's work is genius.
She has a great article in the recent JAH.
RT : big money big money big money!
How does it take many dyslexics to change a lightbulb?
replacerihannasongswithCAKE go on and CAKE a bow
Considering how much labor could be saved just by getting rid of money, I don't get why we can't put our mistrust aside to accomplish it.
ran into Frank Ritz at Holiday Valley yesterday.
Great to see him.
Sad he's gone from the Cleve, but glad he's still with you.
Sounds good!
a wedding is also a soup
Living the high life with at the bucco game
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation!
We thought your were looking sexier!!
Is there any minimum age for registering a copyright in the US?
I have a 16 yr old student asking.
thats your cue to tweet a pic of it havesnt seen it
boom strike!
That's fine.
Still better than Thin Red Line Army Men.
All they do is recite poetry.
And they won't shut up.
See prior two tweets: interesting how the world trends...
:I wanna check out the movie the assault but there are two.
Do u know what year it came out in?Thx
What goes on with Internet speeds in Kansas City?
Increase your security while on facebook  use https:// instead of http:// Keep in mind it will disable certain features, such as chat.
you at the game?
with power....until you get the holy ghost....until you embrace conviction and standard...and your testimony
Best of luck to those running the Lincoln 10k today.
Including a BH team, Team Andoctorw  Co.
and Kerry Hall amongst the participants.
Noldy's Ashy ass knuckles
Who thinks Roger Sterling's going to hook up with Megan's mother tonight?
FLOP is written all over the poster!!
Top marchmadness visual?
doctorymont Green literally mopping the floor.
No man in the world has more courage than the man who can stop after eating one peanut.
Channing Pollock
Mom thinks it's weird i'm eating pancakes for dessert.
Told her I don't conform to eating them solely as a breakfast food.
Ok.
Twitter.
You win.
Bout to fuck the shit out of my girl
Had a blast in Baltimore.
Thanks to those that checked out my mixing demo at the bmorebookfest!
I know...lolol,bring it tomorrow!
HELL YEAH
What is it about the late night that I find so appealing?
They sell it in Indiana.
My kids love it.
yo u said u wanted some more food right
Thanks !
RT: You have one of the best facilities in Chicago.
Daughter and I visit from far west burbs as much as possible.
ARE THY STILL HIRING?
I wish I liked milk.
my tongue is still kinda blue.
I appreciate update and admire the speedy reply, but they've been working on this plane since 8am and move dep time every 20 mins
If u shop at use the rep code dope187 to get 20 off and free shipping
Considering attending
enjoying my birthday.
gonna go volunteer at the library, cos that's how I roll.
and for Yanks.....that is a deal breaker!
I HAD TO BOOT A CONCEPT AND CREATE A NEW ...DAMN
Holy nervous excitement batman!
ToughMudder is only hours away...I should go to sleep...but HOW?!
stay away from that WalMart  doctorve a little further to Porter Ranch WalMart...much nicer :
I do lol!!
Marijuana prohibition is over!
Thanks for helping out yesterday, Patrick!
Someone said true love was dead and I'm bound to fall, bound to fall for you.
People think it's holding on that makes you stronger, but sometimes, it's letting go that shapes you..
oy vey!
But many thanks for the help!
Wowzers!
That's one zippy postman/woman!
Don't forget to stop by OKC Russell's the Stars will be performing tonight!
That's it for our conversation tonight, folks!
Thanks for following along!
Touchdown !
Woof Woof!
this song is amazing.
He's shutdown guy,and keeps Black Mamba from having to use himself up D'ing up but hey,gl
did angel really....
pass away?!
' I'm soo sorry
haha!
Yeah is great late night for food for late night peeps like me!
Thanks!
No Smartboard, but I think we found some good Web 2.0 resources.
I'll tweet them out!
no i missed you :
cool to see you out there saturday night.
I told a few girls that I was your coach.
They were impressed.
I hope you don't mind.
I want something but he doesn't want me to:/ im glad he's looking out for me but it's like...idk:/
Yes!
RT : Frugal is reusing saran wrap.
Cheap is buying generic plastic wrap, the stuff that doesn't work.
Conversation in my family is like an Aaron Sorkin movie with rabid, rabid ADD.
Do any college wide outs catch the ball with their hands anymore...
Every ball caught is with the forearm.
I hope so too.
I've seen 2 acoustic shows and 1 live performance
thank you Abigail!
As for bdubs i'm saving that for Brit  Lauren again lol
We'll be in Lafayette with my parents or we would.
Thanks for the invite!
My brother says im just like jade from victoriousx
get weird!
yep mine too!
Nothing can be better than Victoria :
And just like that, my days with the are over.
Baby are you down?
Does anybody know how to get blood out from under your fingernails?
Also, it was like this when I got here.
We heart you too!!!
Haha.
Have a happy cinco de mayo!!!
So tomorrow afternoon I get to doctorve home from Louisville, KY.
Sounds like it's going to be a fun tornado filled ride down I65.
My HS is playing an alumni football game to help raise  for the Chardon victims.
Wonder if I can take the FOX chopper to get there?
no words.
Sad no matter what at this week!!!!!: What pose girl.
OOMF HAD ME CRUSHING SO HARD ON HIM!!
BUT HE KEPT LYING SO I FEEL OUTTA LUST!
Mom: There's an app for your iPhone that locates it when it's misplaced...Please get that app.
My mom knows me way too well.
Lets just hope I'll get over you.
A women who cookes clean committed thats the C's i like
Thanks for hearing our feedback on advanced search capacity.
It would be nice to have that back.
I didn't know wrote :I look to u for Whitney..he such a talent
Excellent!
Glad to hear, hope to see you and the kids!
And Zactly!
: EXACTLY!!!
: Conservatives want less government for same reason robbers want fewer cops.
via
Round 3 begins tonight.
Predictions: Los Angeles in 6, New Jersey in 7.
doctornk Specials are the 3 Miller Lite Big Beers  3 Absolut You Call It!
Add Monster or Juice
Inventors, Computer KIA's: if people WWW search 2 see if something has been invented yet, can the webmaster/comp produce or sell the idea?
Relaxing is harder than it looks.
I once wrote a poem about a swimming pool.
It was so deep.
For every great success story, there is a list of failures along the way
The Geisha Room, Austin Tx....
Tonight.
taking care of buses for Kuvia is more of a pain in the ass than I originally thought.
i just want to go back to ignoring this mess :
One major different in Cotto's entourage.
No girly boys.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!
Love you seester!!!
attempting to sleep;
Work the middle , work the middle ,work the middle , work the middle ..
Higgins  qualifications of a critic  not just like movies but also know a little something about life.
I have to sign into youtube to watch that, since it's pervy or whatever.
I don't have a youtube account.
I wanna go to sleep.
Love with snow sprawl.
Mindstorm.
Wondering: given writing's contact w/abstract algebra, what dangers in elegance as measure of composition?
Can't wait for this week!
Not gonna miss 106park at all!
Can't wait 2 watch OMG GIRLZ  MINDLESS BEHAVIOR!!!!!!!!!

nice pants on the little one.
:
Mention the Padoctors, Dodgers, or Angels today for an 8 64oz growler refill.
Congrats on graduation today!
:D
You seriously disgust me
Also, I view the purpose of twitter is to butt in.
This game isn't over.
New designs on the works...
Wow this season finale is really god!!!
Fair enough.
Glad you got the work and you are a good read.
Regret that JM wasn't so open when he was on the public/elected payroll.
it was AWESOME!
im gonna have to try really hard not go again too soon since i dont have that kind of mullah
Could you please please please please please please please please please please please please follow me, or RT this..
Please..
I love so much.
3
Wow, 28 followers.
Go big or go home.
Crying yourself to sleep at night because you know there's nothing you can do anymore 
I'm going strict on this diet .
Thank you Anderson for keeping this on people's minds.
As well as Eyre, Neshek, Villareal, Paulino, Tolleson.
So much depends on how the big league pitching situation shakes out.
I said before it started that this wasn't a big game but it was definitely a big win
I love seeing old people holding hands, it's so cute.
It proves that love does last.
:
lol.
Dude I will.
q: You need to try one with this Chile stuff I have..
it explodes your taste buds.
:
no problem  and thank you for the compliment :
I am convinced that when someone has a physical or verbal fight with someone that they do not have it together...pause on the associate.
Victim made a call saying Hernandez, her boyfriend, took control of the car.
This weekend I was part of a wrestling match, called roller derby, and played an antiScott Walker show.
Life is a dashing, bold aventure.
: A Bully is someone who just hasn't picked the right guy yet!
Preach it Hot Rod!
Sorry TweetFriends...
: I can't follow people any more..
Off the limits!
Sometimes I think this job is best done with a partner to slap sense into me.
Me: haven't worn this top in 2yrs, but I'll keep it...
NO
The only thing that can save the city of Baltimore is if HBO bring back The Wire ravens disaster in New England
Im just not feeling it right now.
I need a friend and a hug with ice cream.
A prayer would be nice as well
Heading out with Social Media Caddies to reward fans for connecting with the tournament on social.
Super excited to see sing the National Anthem to night when the
the dleague dunk contest didn't compare to kdobbs dunks in the amature dunk contest
our merch?!
That would be awesome of you.
Whens your birthday?
maybe go back to your normal color, but with purple streaks?
To celebrate AlvinAiley's return to NJPAC  , we are asking another trivia question at 3pm today.
Stay tuned to win tix.
is looking for the best way to embed video on a wordpress site.
Any ideas?
Pardon: promiscuous osculation.
The jokes get stranger by the minute.
4 hours to go!
If you can't make it tonight you can catch the action on 1620AM or 1620thezone.com Go nighthawks!
Derailthelocos!
Thanks Laura : 
that video just made my day.
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.
I didn't write this, but I wish I did.
I didn't even bother photagging the doubles.
Thanks  I have a thing for running shoes :
you have some nice pieces!
Another great outing by Mark Buehrle.
Hopefully the pen can nail it down for him.
: I'm afraid so.
RT Happy 107th birthday !
Doing great work across the globe for over a century.
isnt putting out?
hey man school today hey add me
I thought someday I would love being all caught up at work.
I was WAY wrong.
Go figure...
ah mercury still in muddling sign of the fish.
got your elixir!
it is WONDERFUL!
thank you  best of luck in your scribblings.
Mike Mayock: Brandon Boykin to me is a football player.
Everyone else: He is a football player to us, too.
Mike Mayock is an imbecile.
2.8m on dinner break thanks for all the encouragement.
8 left and we enter the thunderdome at 7
Watching a girl on her old white MacBook and actually feel sorry for her.
Thatawkwardmoment the asshole friend who needed a ride turns off his phone after your other friend woke up  230am willing to help him out.
I don't trip about 1st time prom girls b/c most of them I plan on being late...and it always happens but still, am I missing something?
Man you're so quiet onair now, did ESPN yell at you for being opinionated?
FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW YOU BACK PLEASE I NEED HELP ILLFOLLOWBACK
much appreciated
We're CommercialFree in 5 minutes...
that means NO spots and FREE tix to the soldout FloTheMachine show this Sat
True true
what else is new?
I don't care about your prize...so i've an even better idea EADIAF.
Some Congress Democrats Split With Obama on Gay Marriage  Bloomberg
., how about making former Sun 's onehanded grab of a ground rule double at DbacksGiants a ScTop10?
Sincerely, Phoenix
No way!
:P She sent that to me: But i didnt want it so it got sent to you xD lmao
Once again President Obama LEADS while Mitt Romney just goes around in circles.
Just came back from the grocery and can't believe what I saw...They even have a milk specially geared to the top 1.
Good job Mavs
Ignorance is Fear's favorite dish.
thanks!
I would love to see it.
They are a slowly fading bit of Americana.
The other side
The rant was a classic.
don't send me a text talkin about some BS Ily shit that u send a different girl on the same damn day.
My credit card got charge good luck!
New song from The Shins so much doesn't suck that I had to Shazam it to verify it was them.
the skinny blue fox jumped past the boring dog.
George Kuchar is gone?
Crap!
I'll be starting the DQ Blizzard diet in about 6 weeks.
Fuzzy dice, bandana, baby shoes.: Name 6 Things people hang from their rear view mirror.
familyfeud !
Good Luck !
'Story So Far' the name of One Direction's new book, out on September 1st.
Oh, that's so clever!
Would be hilariousdo it!
Sweet Victory Mariners!
It feels good to see this team deliver when it looked bleak.
Synders Nuggets, FTW!
: Pretzels are salty, regardless.
But Rold Gold packs in 2X more sodium than its competitors!
The most recent episode?
Friday, where you at?
Happy 5th birthday to Twitter!
Never try to school a person that grew up in the 80's...they rode bikes without helmets!
Any idea which ad companies involved?
So, declined two of our videos, said we didn't have rights to our own work...
hhmmm
My God the thought of that lineup makes me weep openly...Barney  Soriano main culprits
yeah, she's cool!
Happy WorldWaterDay make a difference, give up your bday  support in bringing clean doctornking water to the world
For the good of metal!
BTW, when am I going to be able to buy The Istanbul Puzzle in the US?
On the road again!
Bubye Columbus, Michael,  Brittany!
Hello Dayton for Paige's grad party!
u know it super loud
Tim Wakefield should hit 200 and home anyway!
:
Did you know, Christmas is one of the most popular days to get engaged?
Congrats to those who said YES!
this weekend!!!
haha you too my friend!!
i'd say a tour
In desperate need of a time machine.
I'm always stretching myself way too thin
1 in 10 impacted by unemployment.
That isn't Silicon Valley.
ha!
we wish we were that highbrow.
Come to Cream Stereo Lounge n catch us live on the decks at 12:30am
I can't wait to see u on stage in a few!
xD I Love u guys!
3
Don't miss this great event with YA YA Boom and TYS
WHY ARE YOU STARTING TO COPY PEOPLE.
MILK EVEN USED THAT ONE I THINK
TMinus 6 days til Jameson shots and Irish car bombs until they're all gone.
: reason 4 steep decline in network viewers has 2 do with way networks now parcel out episodes of their more popular offerings.
AMEN
I'm now helping out with media for , a fantastic environmental org!
R.E.A.L Remember Everyone Ain't Loyal!
Inching closer and closer to setting a date...who knew this would be the most difficult part?
thanks dude!
Kids Are Worth It!
Conference Advisory Commitee will soon begin to idenfify workshops  presenters.
Have Ideas?
Email us
And their skin color had NOTHING to do with the characters or THE PLOT so it shouldn't have mattered anyway!
Oy.
whypplsostupid?
Im only gonna be nice because what comes around goes around
That, right there, is a proper 18yearold, someone who probably knows how to doctorw an excellent dick on a grease board.
Why is kyles new avi not showing on my IPhone?
JankIphoneThatTonySoldMeFor20Dollars2PoloShirtsThatHeForgotProbzzz
Tell me off for a fee
really?!
haha i'll have to investigate this.
I oversee the HIM department at both jails in denver.
Off to go see Dark Shadows.
God I wish I could smack this girl .
I don't need my mommy to protect me oh wait my mom never has I've been sticking up for myself since I
Who wants a 50 gift certificate?
usually wear my panties underneth pantyhose now as mistress susan insists
hey there how are you?!
Happy birthday, Megsters!
Love and miss you, friend.
...P.S.
I miss how we use to celebrate our May bdays ;
Banned to a coffee shop learning lines for wiwo rehearsals.
Oh, the fun of not having a house...
Thanks to everyone that came out to the show last night!
It was so much fun!
Thanks to Brandi for making us an amazing cake!
How did I not know about this site before!????!?!?!?!?!
I just thought you were being clever.
Hear...
earworm.
She tryna blow my high...
Not tonight...
Delete delete delete!!
Hunny when you getting money you dont have a care
: Happy New Year Gorgeous!
Here's to all doctorams coming true!
When niggas mumble shit  dont speak up oh scary ass
300 Followers!
Thanks to Everyone Who Follows!
Weather You Support Gracie, NatAlex or Ari, Thanks So Much!
: xx
As we sleep, our eyes enjoy continuous lubrication.
Also during sleep the eyes clear out irritants such as dust and allergens.
.
False and truly ridiculous.
Your tweets, on the other hand, are reasoning crime on a small scale.
We are in dire need of baby blankets for cribs.
To donate call our office 6376711.
Thank you!
Please RT!
Huguely lawyer: George didn't kill her but he contributed to her death.
Our next show is February 23rd at HENNESY's AT FANEUIL HALL!!!!
BE THERE!!!
Still not ready for bed
Have a great day everyone!
Check back later.
:
interesting story.
Thanks for sharing!
Do you have a list of what was cancelled?
I haven't used one for domestic travel in years.
I have used one for international travel.
Or actually I love money
Beautiful here too!
Good luck!
:
The hotel I stayed at in Cincinnati had a big no firearms sign on the entrance.
They do have good ice cream though.
Cann a Bitchh get a Break?
I'd love to see info confirming existing openaccess publishers can handle the volume and meet ever new requirements.
Would be nice
Why are Sunday nights so fucking boring?
any pictures of the FB event we can use on the NPR blog The TwoWay?
Gotta face Estrada, Gallardo and Greinke.
Then again, they also face Brewers offense.
Proud Day!
Electric violinist?
Check.
Wine  beer?
Check.
Gr8 contemporary art?
Check.
Almost time for closing reception tonight, 68pm.
Come join us!
Is that Director Scott Compton I see?
Any chance you can meet at 8:45 before the presentation?
Grand Sonoran JK
I'm in Vancouver: Obviously in town to be a guest on
Don't let what you can't do stop you from what you can do.
John Wooden
askjosh Josh, you skyped me one time but then hung up...i was wondering why?
what's up man, you run LA all the way from Miami...
Nice stuff
FF my homie and the collab , wrapping up an epic 2 months working together in
Is your son enjoying Missoula?
Prbly don't want to hear this from me but I had a lot of fun in that town.
thanks for the info, can't wait to see what this is all about.
I'll be sure to check my email Bill, thanks!
This week's concert...
Arctic Monkeys opening for The Black Keys at the KeyArena.
Race for the cure!!!!
Denver, CO 10/02/11 TEAM BOOBYLICIOUS BABES!!!!
Please register under our team!!
Support is much appreciated!!!
Xoxoxo
and I'll make sure it's a perfect fake prom
UGH!
Can't sleep
Okay enough taunting for tonight.
Lots to get done!
Someone come make me breakfast
Tell that bitch, hop up on my dick, rolled up on her quick In a six told her suck the dick, motorboat her tits.
BACK ON BABE FUCK THE LEACKS AND FUCK THEM HATERS!x
Knowledge is knowing that tomato is a fruit.
Wisdom is not putting it in your Biryani.
Ahem, Sindhis  Memons...
The internet is also very strong right now...
Me gusta.
;
I'll be working in the communications dept.
so excited to work there!!
Why are so many countries testing missles?
Seems more frequent lately.
A Walk To Remember 
BetterWithChicago I don't want to spend my Friday doing ANYTHING but jamming to my idols4
Im a give it to you al night long.
Mobile twitter is great.
Cant stop listening to Big Sean Ft Nicki Minaj  Dance!!!!!
: I'll buy the 1st round
So true!
Entrepreneurship is an irrational pursuit.
enough of u miss teen maine
Good job
Congratulations to your graduates!
I love my unions they make everything so easy for me
how about taking Blatche and Mcgee?
it's a no brainer, and exactly what we need.
I'm glad they found a place, but the fact that the restaurants around there pushed them out is so lame.
Get a competitive offering!
WWW.HELPINGHANDSINDIANA.COM
Louisiana is Texas mixed withh California
someone in our office makes Sumatra every Monday.
Makes it a little easier to not hate the fact that it's Monday.
Thanks Christy!
congrats man!
seven murders reported in Grand Rapids, MI we're monitoring the situation.
Suspect believed to be holed up in a home possibly with a hostage
there's a new starbucks logo?
My birthday is this Sunday.
Any suggestions?
Stay tuned for live pics of tomorrows opening night festivities at Hennesseys in Boston 9pm.
Crazy beerpong action to come!
It takes CHARACTER to play hard when ur tirednot sure what it takes2 play when ur tired.
Something short of character.
Not a bad idea.
I will look into it.
What a fun day of football!
Indeed, time is the factor here.
I may figure out a way to fit it in, or maybe have a coding party at GLS!
Walking out of OPACY and the usher just said to us: good morning.
Not good enough.
Oh well
LOL...luckily neither is the case.
I just absolutely loved the recipes that made on the Today show, earlier: amazing taste:
it does that from time to time is supposed to come watch but he's on some lame shit
Layers are so fashionable.
The Big Mac has layers of searsizzled 100 pure beef  melty cheese.
Fashion never tasted so good.
Diana what happened?
Ew nasty trend ever.
wait what do u mean?
Headed to the track tonight.
Can you recommend a Plan B if I need to work up to Cardio Sizzler?
You too Handsome!
Hope you have a great one!!!!
You Kant be loved, if you don't love yourself!!
Stop asking people to do something you're incapable of doing yourself!!
A hazy Monday for me...dental work, bo
so, i have added a bunch of people to follow.
going to step back and see what happens and think about things.
will check in later.
New action plan: whenever in articulately upset, tweet motherpussbucket!
until vague feeling of normalcy returns.
I'm sure there's a good historical explanation for why Astoria isn't a major westcoast city, but I sure don't know it.
Fish discover water last!
French Proverb
My home state is apparently AIDS, which I'm kind of baffled by.
Kim Jong Il loved American cinema so much that he thought it'd be fun to reenact Tommy Boy with his son.
lol maybe xD I'll check/look for them over the week end xD
What kinda crowd ?
RT : soundbar, the shrine, privet....
what's up wizard?

Damn mayweather need to get off the ropes
My stupid foot problems have cost me a fortune.
I just bought ANOTHER new pair of shoes to help recover.
Nearly a grand down.
Thanks guys!
i love you too hunny 33 : I LOVE 33
who am i gonna hit now?
lol
There's a conference in NY this year.
Great place to learn more and to network.
Everytime I look in the fridge there's Indian food.
Fuck that im going to taco bell now!
This hoe said she was gunna hit me!
Haa!
Hit me bitch  see what happens!
This extra day in February is perfect!
Lots of sunshine and warmth!
Happy Leap Day
Finally off wrk.
Listening to some FleetWoodMac makes my day better.
I know!!!!!
I didn't have to wait :D
Just got a load of yarn and fabric doctorpped on my doorstep.
Thanks, kind friends that think of me when they purge.
When a bitch becomes good, evil is in progress ...
RT : Nutsjust nuts: GOP Sen De Kruif offers Right to Work amendment at new Vikings stadium.
mnleg
aw thats what i thought!
bum ass
The legend grows...
And provides inspiration for the Dunc Tank
ugghhh twitter was live but noww wa wa waaaaahhhh : soo good bye
watch every game tomorrow with me yes?
Skip class with a fever
Bc thats what I heard on the radio I think
rotation of less than three.
Hoping for 3 big soccer wins tomorrow!
My two dots plus the Timbers!
Nice!
RT Hey you!
Yes you.
It's Happy Hour at Ella.
Get half off your G  T's and all other list handcrafted cocktails.
Don't let the geese bite xD ;
Is Jessica Chastain trying to take the redhead role in Lari's Angels?
Your move, Amy Adams
Just had the best time vocal coaching Kaylyn's daughter Kathryn for her audition for Footloose tomorrow.
OMG she is adorable.
I am going to try that right now.
Do they realize how few people use QR codes?
I hate girls that wear make up caked on their face shit is just not a gd look.
Makes the best lookin bitch look so Damn ugly
where and what is this?
All this talk about being real , fake ,hoes and good girls.
Like stfu !
Just do you stop being a fucken story teller.
Being all doctormatic.
Too many moving parts.
Part of beauty of small sided games is more attention from coach.
Thanks for the FOLLOW and
UnFreakingBelievable!
Great seeing you last night...good feedback about the game.
Because ...
no, actually, I can't help you there.
Which BeastieBoys songs do you guys want on tomorrow's playlists, friends?
There are so many locks, not enough keys to open those locks
aw how cute :
greatest facts I have ever read
At first, I got jealous.
But then I realized, she's ugly.
Fuck man, I did not want to fall asleep.
Now i'm going to be up all night....Smh
Artist come get your next music production done with Unlevel DM or email for rates.
We offer Mixing and Mastering Available..
The doctorver was just trying to give you some extra practice on busting through the defensive gaps.
Next time try a spin.
I hope the doctorve home is better than the running around at lunch!
no, I didn't!
Hope its better today!
:
The best way to kick off break is getting back a test and getting a 95.
Spring break leggo
U think I real cuz u gotta pistol homie.
Look pussy to me
Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity....
Specials Jan.
1925....Chap Chae, Korean Rice Bowl
Thanks for following.
Excited to share information with you!
...and it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
Happy Friday.
no boo it's not raining over here yet :'
I woke up with the Inspector Gadget theme song in my head.
You are most welcome :.
It was a really, really good one.
A nigga just made it home and I gotta go to school hell nawl dat shyt aint fair a nigga tired as hell it hurt when I walk cuz I been sitten
I been back for a year now chump
At ISP America: ubiquity equipment at 2.4 can use at 2.5.
Finch says good money saver and big news
Dolis nowhere close to Izturis.
Put the ball on a fucking tee.
Submitted my next to last graduate individual paper, AND THEN I HIT THAT DOUGIE
Thanks for fixing up the stats charts on our dashboard!
Now if only AutoDJ can transition from track2track seamlessly...
No, haven't tried that.
Actually, I wouldn't know where to start, much less know where to find a producer.
The tubes are clogged!
Oh that opera song brought tears to my eyes
Love it!
I can't stop playing Wake Up!
Y'all killed it on every track  incredible!!
But I don't think that's quite it; it's more like jazz
: Hilarious!
I will try to get you your own notepad.
Old flames are never a good idea.
K.S.Rhoads: BEST ending of the day!
tedxnashville Definitely picking up his new record.
84 push ups, 99 squats, 239 crunches ...holy crap.
Haven't seen it.
Now you have me curious.
...
Purdue didn't help you do better handstands homie
CityChase looks pretty awesome.
Now...let the jokes fly freely.
I'm ready.
There's no such thing as a down ass bitch
is about making public affairs reporting more efficient and modern, focused on accountability, methods and tools
Seeing the girls off to prom yesterday, just made me wanna relive that moment :
its sad that he's gotten that bad but I think its sadder that the promoter actually used him in that condition
heey guys its ashley :
I so wish I could go 2sleep WTF
That awkward moment when your girlfriends mom says she really liked her ex right infront of you...
you gotta show a little pink to make it in Hollywood.
Haha
no doubt in my mind.
I could name them al :
RT Hey kids!
Don't bother getting married, just find a woman you don't like and give her a house!
: The average man will spend a year of his life staring at women GUESS I'M NOT AVERAGE
RT Sex ain't better than food
'Avengers' Surpasses 80 Million in North American Opening  Wall Street Journal
i made a pic look on my professorle
This week has flown by
I was trying for about 20 seconds..
doesn't work!
Lol
Time for one more moderately unappealing experience and then Denny's.
doctorke performance tonight can't waite
April Fools' Day is gone...don't confuse everybody!
Too funny!
I've asked around, but nobody in my office has claimed it yet.
Have allergies?
Spring in coming.
Schedule an Appointment today.
The only man I need to be better than is the man I was yesterday.
The only man I need to impress is the one in the mirror.
Yay!
Those are the best!
RT : I wanna play doctornkin games
NO!
stand by what you think.
If men could get pregnant, abortion would be a sacrament.
Why cant people just except u for the way u r.....mom.....
:
Wow, that really is a very ontarget photo of Steiner...
This vegan lasagna with zucchini, eggplant, portabella mushrooms and asparagus and homemade marinara sauce is so good.
Dude, Outlook is SO MUCH better.
Microsoft is forrealz when it says that.
Eating thinmints feels like brushing your teeth
Was Gala and was reminded again why I love honoree
RT : Live with faith that what is possible will become real through the loving effort and energy you give to it.
Yes, Evan.
She was chief of staff for Superintendent Lorenzo Garcia.
lol....Chels!
She actually did better this year!
Hopefully I get to use my nationals broom today, been led on all season
LowCholesterol Recipes: Great Mustard Relish 4 / 5 Stars  1 Review by henriksmom An easy blend of pickles, onions, and your favorite m
Jayne Appel some big boards, a couple of baskets and even a steal down the stretch for the Silver Stars.
they back on melo dick
Dave did you work for Bull Taco in Cardiff, and Blanca in Solana Beach?
I would ask a professor writer at what point do they feel comfortable sharing their work, and doing a table read?
I'm so touched by all the love demonstrated today.
Let's keep working to eliminate hate and intolerance throughout the world.
yea like if you showin a lil bit but if you rippin off your clothes then yea you doin too much lol
Election Day today to fill open seat in LA City Council 15th District, replacing U.S.
Rep.
Janice Hahn.
Don't forget!
My toenail just came off !!!!
THANKS!
: Congratulations to on their 50th anniversary!
ROC
Merry Christmas
Being an elected official is easy.
You're just a finger to press yeah or nay based on the majority opinion of the folks who elected you.
Playground with the nieces.
Where do they get this energy from???
Beautiful to watch.
Hey, how's club Farenheit going
play more GNR shows in New York!
We removed an old bird nest from an attic yesterday.
YUCK!
Check your roof vents for holes.
Contact us if you need help.
Happy to help!
We need an insurance goal.
My heart can't take much more.
better than ray's hell burger?
lemme know.
Why this nigga breakin my boo heart.
S/O TO alyssa jack.
One mo again
And most of all I appericate my mom :
Jonah Lehrer's talk will be reviewed by in the Dallas Observer on Monday.
You missed a good one.
Good Morning and Fuck Clone Clown!!
U got friends I dnt I'm losing all of them!
x
Dododo just checkin my 401k lalala entering my password now.hmmhmmhmm click    AH!
I'd like to see Lakers use Ebanks on Durant like they did when MWP got ejected and put MWP on Westbrook.
Mike Brown needs to be creative
French Strawberry Pies on special tonight at our Balboa Park location!
Served with our homemade White Chocolate Ice Cream.
Yum!
Mocha Java Coffee Scrub.
Indulge in this chocolate skin treat infused w/ mocha coffee  super moisturizing coconut oils.
Wow.
There's a doctornk guy here at this restaurant and the owner is doctorving him home rather than allowing him to doctorve.
So awesome.
Please IUPUI, more coffee venders on campus for those all day classes.
I get so sad when people unfollow me :
hahaha dang it!
:P why do I have to be so adorable?!
And I'll check when I can lol
If looks kill, I'll take our secrets to tha grave.
She was one of those really pretty girls who guys were afraid to talk to.
boy I went to hs with when asked if he remembered me 
Is it harder to potty train girls or boys?
Hey girls, what runs have you signed up for?
I knw that is right congrads on that.....
Thank you!
Happy Friday!
Thanks for all the retweets!!
I'll keep digging up fun stuff to post for you too..
:
i'm being semifacetious...
i didn't learn to ride a bike til 23
stop coding.
Lets hang out soon!
:
u totally will!
I've often said ur a good catch!
So somebody's gonna pitch it to u right sooner or later!
;
Strength and honor
How are you all today?
xx
Percy is doing a lot better today.
He's FINALLY doctornking without a syringe and he's eating on his own.
I'm slowly feeling relief.
I'll guess you'll find out tomorrow!
Sounds like y'all had fun!
AND doctorke is coming June 2nd
well that's how celebrities manage their lives and career at the same time..
got to learn from them..
was there any doubt?
We take pie very seriously!
: Happy Thanksgiving!
Monsieur Cobweb, good monsieur, get your weapons in your hand and kill me a redhipped humblebee on the top of a thistle...
There is a reason why gay is widely used as a metaphor for wrong...
Where's Sushi ?
what an adorable little guy!!
you hit nail on the head, but PC said it out of nowhere with no context  I thought he was eluding to the song we working
I can't wait till my baby Is here 3333 excited mommy
Morning Loves
Happiness is right in front of you.
yea the Internet!
Helped an old Indian couple move their Van that had broken down on Irving on to Ravenswood today .
Libraries providing spaces for curiosity, collaboration and compassion
The guy at Pizza Pros called me Miss Ratio  Love it.
Gold is gaining  look at GLD I got in 89  it is now 119 will hit 200 not too late to make some money.
Cheaper gold play is NG 6.64
Follow insane workouts with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
Hairston is killing the
YES!
I would also like you to come to our holiday party and act out the dog's part while your mom does the trad.
retelling...
Making the news like this is low and cheap
loopa..
Did u mean loop or loompa from a chocolate factory??
Thanks to and for my set last nite at Flappers Burbank.
Highlight video of the Doosh rockin it tomorrow
All MJ FANS FOLLOW ME.
Im new to twitter and am holding a toy doctorve in his honor.
Thanking you in advance.God bless
I just realized Nobody's cooking...
Im on one
Going to watch some taekwondo black belts do their thing this afternoon.
she left if like a whole different outfit hahahahahah without her shoes too.
Thank you, dear!
Time to go into hibernation for a while so I hopefully feel better!
Go Bayern Munich HUGE game starting now!!
I'm out to lunch have my assistant take my calls.
BossingIt lol ima dumb ass
Okay so I feel like such a hypacrite.
i am a hypacrite.
ugh is that even how you spell it idgaf.
FB needs to chill out for a day please.
How fun to get so many messages, til I found out why.
Sorry all!
I'm fixing it, tnx for telling me, I wouldn't send those thongs...things :
just had a crazy idea: ALA Anaheim.
It's like a crazy Epcot Center for librarians.
My heart is racing.
rip chuckcolson   a beacon of light to the world
Do you believe in love at 1st site or should I walk by again?
EXACTLY.
If I really care, I'll just go to the site and find the article.
Woke up with a nasty headache /:
Alexander from the art institute of san fran wants me.
Bitch won't stop calling me.
Lunch time with coworkers!
Living with allergies suck.
I HATE THIS.
Can't have coffee cause it has nuts in it /3
straight up cried and snitch smh
Eager to learn ballroom  ballet in just 1 day?
At the Day of Dance, Rachel shows us we can have fun  stay heart healthy.
5:30
chase looks like Justin bieber haha
I really try to like people, but seriously they are so effin stupid
135 miles to
Happy first day of winter!
thank you Ronda.
You are so awesome.
One thing have I desired of the LORD.
That will I seek after...to behold the beauty of the LORD.Psalm 27:4
Nice to meet you.
:
The procedure will be blamed, but the procedure is not the problem.
False: The Penguin.
RT: Politics: Clever men use right words to hide their wrong hearts.
great senior photos today!!
just woke up.....horny.......the usual..lol
Hello Follow Friday!
Follow SPI for a study abroad experience of a lifetime!
the little red desk is coming to work with us tomorrow, tell your little guy.
:
I think needs to try
Hunter Hayes 3
Believe first that nothing is too hard for God and then watch how He changes your perspective!
He's the incredible God of impossibilities!
If it ain't about money, why we
because these days can erase something i never saw.
this is my yolo
Had a brilliantly comic insight about IRENE but the power flickered just as I was about to send it.
Somehow seems less relevant now...
When my mom buys the stuff i dont like at the store
Maybe the Coyotes needed me out of the building to win in the playoffs.
RT : thought leaders from finance world
Tami Keeling, president: I specifically asked that we do not mention parent's names.
I can't believe after just getting my phone back , I left it at my dads house  blaaahhh
Oregon Ducks.
Re: bit.ly/pzgHU2 Bubble not limited to online info  probably built upon a lattice of our core beliefs.
Justice delayed, is justice denied.
right on, good to hear
silly spot for such a joyful yet intense journey of soulmatefinding
the financial markets and in many of the world's economies.
However, the uncertainty will inevitably affect you,
hey I watch your show a lot especially the one when dia was trying to get a weave!!that was 2 funny!!
omg I just ran into Sammy who had that :
It is the wildcats vs the run devils this morning at the turkey bowl
Derrick just hit it on the hehead.
Scotty mad for commenting by Denny and he is doing the same thing.
Watching USA play Guatemala in a World Cup Qualifier on ESPNC.
US already quantified for final qualification round.
Had a wonderful business meeting today...
I'm excited for all the new big things popping.
I made myself a Planters Punch last night.
Made my own pineapple orange juice for it.
Are there testing frameworks for Coldfusion other than CFUnit?
I love you Molly!!
great im so reading
agreed  I was surprised at amount of pundits who think Dalton hurts Ds chances.
He knows what he's doing.
laying on my grass doing my complit homework ..
I feel like such a hippie 
To all the dcedu folks: break a leg with your pitches.
So bummed I can't make it on account of planning/grading for this week.
Dallas United we win!
Divided we crumble.
People are still willing to do an honest days work, trouble is they want a weeks pay for doing it.
Joey Adams
I am burning up in Angel Fire.
And now, I miss everything about you, cant beleive that I still want you, after all the things we've been through.
MT Preds are 50 when scoring first, 04 when giving up the first goal.
service credit union
is rather behind on all things Pitt.
Oops.
Love BBQ sandwiches!
I have had the worst day of my life
we gonna see who the fuck nigga is tho!
Watch!
All a dis come in like its a doctoram
No, I am a man.
I can shut my brain down by command...ah SportsCenter,,,Later...
oh, those gremlins are evil little buggers.
accuweather ;
S/O to all my new and old followers..
Now let's keep it real and follow me on instagram I will make the follow back instantly!!
do u go church nw dayz.
THATS BIG BRO
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY EVERYONE!!!
THIS GOES OUT TO ALL THE MOTHERS WHO TAKE CARE OF THEIR SEEDS.
WE TRULY APPRECIATE YOU!!!
Oh shxt I'm Winning haha!
Signs it's time to move to a new building: Passed a guy on the stairs that smelled like an Ambercrombie  Fitch
Taylor swift on punkd is great
Tonight on 10 A yr.
after historic floods nearly wiped out Brewfest, it's back on tap, but just barely, plus tstorms tonight!
and We love Versailles !!!
swag if I was yo boyfrann id never letcha go
I was abused...
By a 12 year old girl.
This is true.
thank u!
I need all the inspiration and new ideas I can get!
I'll let u know how it turns out ;
I care not!
Haha
As sees it, they expect: selfservice, customization, velocity, resilience, and ease.
Anyone have any questions about us?:
Idk Why But I Found It Weird How Chachi Was At The Vma's Yesterday AND In A MINI Skirt !
Like I Know It Was Part Of The Dance.But Just Weird
u do what u r told.
Lol.
Today's BTU inspiration: It does not do to dwell on doctorams and forget to live.
J.K.
Rowling
hmm looking for an iphone or doctorid for verizon....
anyone?
making ribs sourcream and chives potatoes with creamy chicken noodles while rocking out to
doctorp everything now.
Meet me in the pouring rain.
Kiss me on the sidewalk.
Take away the pain.
thanks Wayne!
: that's phat!
Maurice Chevalier Old age is not so bad when you consider the alternatives.
Our twitter hotline is open the same hours as our phone hotline 85 Mtn Time.
Tweet us your zip and find out your reps.
Are you kidding me?
They're saying she didn't do good this time.
She slayed that.
She's so original.
Watching raw and rangers baseball..
GO CRUZ...
wordpress or bloggerwhat do you prefer and why?
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
Bob Brenly: Punchy
we missed your tweet.
Will you be anywhere this evening?
www.Platinumposts.com Support us!
Happy Friday folks!
Who's going to AllBal in Cleveland this year?
The prerequisite for getting on the show Bachelor should be to go on Tough Love.
Them ppl never stay 2gether cause they have issues.
Why is Sonic the Hedgehog music playing in Einstein's Bagels?
It was funny!
RT : haha then at lunch xD
Todays Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Broccoli and Tortilla.
Sugar free lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
Awesome!
Hope you enjoy it!
Heard on the radio this AM that kids are doctornking hand sanitizer to get doctornk.
It's not more potent but easier to get.
Really??
I've lost track of the expectations primary in the past 24 hours.
If Romney wins MI is that counting as a win or a loss?
pumped for your gig tomorrow??
I am!!!
See you there!
xx
: I can go whenever...
they have day/night classes...
I'll send you a message on Yelp w/ the current days/times.
Yay!
The important thing is that YOU aren't working this week.
Nothing to start off the week like prepping for an 8:30 meeting only to realize it starts at 9:00.
Research shows that only about 70 of businesses will last for 2 years; within 5 years, half of them will have folded.
Business trip done!
Released.
are you tired of read lovely mentions of your fans?
I just can say: much love from Spain 
What is your favorite quality in a leader?
are you coming to our formal?
for my vote.
haha great not listening to what the doctor said
LA vs.
LA tonight !
Lakers gettin a beat down !
I keep trying to remind myself that discourage is a form of laziness...and the job hunt continues.
Just finished reading the Hunger Games.
MUST.
READ.
CATCHING.
FIRE.
NAOW.
yea thats what I meant I don't get paid till the end of the month again
tonight with holdin down the beats!
Going to the canal.
Is it a jar, an attribute of Mary Magdelene?
Hey Friends, are starting a twitter party now...come join!
mdparty :
I'd forget someone, and it would be this big todo, and then people would start fighting ...
complete chaos
Interesting.
There's an app called 'Everyday' where you can take a picture of yourself once a day.
See how you change over the years.
Medicine dynamic since much is uncertain or will be proved incorrect, including guidelines.
Variation  quality, often.
Is there a time/place I can pickup a stack of program guides for 20 students?
aw that's when you say f.
It and go shoppin mama!
nah straight up chocolate chip Pete.
congrats to my lady wildcats....im so proud of u guys...MUCH LOVE
did you get a chance to ship it?
It will just be me at MW this year.
We are both going to AAM and doing a panel 2 weeks later.
Busy times!
I can't shake you off of me and I can't be here to say that you should be next to me.3
: Back at my former college Ohio U.
Anchoring the noon news.
Life has come full circle.
show em how the big boys do it :
Life isnt so bad!
Listening to Say Anything, cleaning, prepping for garage sale Friday
2nd and 14 and Lions run up the middle?
your welcome
even for someone w/a disdain for TV, that's a mustcheckout show.
ugh I know right!!!
So frustrating  I woke up at 11:30 and was like what the hell...
Already?!
Saint Louis Michigan State doctorws within 5155 with 2:45 left.
Louis Vuitton Condoms for 68 ...
Stupid idea who would buy that ...
are they reuseable or something
LOVE this rainy Sunday...inside with my hubby, where it's comfy, warm and doctor!
:
The talk about the Jets using Tebow for more 2 point conversion attempts is a great idea...Eagles and Panthers should do the same thing
someone else smacked down Fifty Shades last wk, a writer I respect.
She said it glorified sex for control/manip reasons
Every time I go to a green house, I realize just how much of a nonflower person I am.
They're pretty  all, but not for me.
Ditto!
RT : Looking forward to dinner tonight with and !
Always think quick on your feet
Hi Twitter!
Up to 3rd grade childoctorn learn to read  after read to learn.
What if a child gets behind b/c of homelessness, then what?
HCEF
its like wat is there to do nowadays????
Madonna tells her fans they should save all year to attend her concert I'd rather burn my money after that show.
Cat daddy
Join and TOMORROW 4/23 at 3 PM EST for CommsChat!
Topic is Making the Business Case for Diversity
School administers in sw las vegas warn parents about man trying to lure kids in car.
Story at 10  11.
Good afternoon everyone!
Hope your day is blessed.

ill kill y'all.
lol
Going mountain biking today at the Boneyard!
:D
blackParentsQuotes black??
This sounds like my parents Jesus...
our tech librarian does.
Thanks, Gemma.
My email is: .edu
Follow me please it will make my day : and yours...I luv u
pass her around!
we arme still here and will send out to a few.
Big zippers on the wall?
Makes me wonder what type of hotel you're staying at...
say i'm really attracted to somebody but he won't give me a chance because he's famous.
Got any advice?
Exciting News Coming Soon!
Cali.
Im moving to Arizona tho :o
Land of the free and home of the bra!
This was not a good week or weekend for me:' its been like the worst ever!
Cried all week.
I want my Egyptian true friends:
why are you so amazing?
Huh?
WoodfordWednesday has turned into sitting in a Saturn jammin out to
FINAL FOUR FINAL SCORE: Kansas 64, Ohio State 62
That is awesome news!
I'm so proud of you.
We need to consult and advocate on data with researchers.
hey, Sara.
I'm not going to be a sassy pants anymore, ok?
little niece  also, totally ok.
Good luck!
RT : So excited to be giving a speech tonight at the donors recognition dinner at
cinderella team is gonna surprise some people.
I hope : 
Cross my fingers.
Hey, Monika.
Saw you tweeting about Pinterest analytics.
Are you seeking it for a brand you're working w/ or personal use?
Selling tickets right now for the BCSBlockparty at downtown for 30!
Save some money get them early!!
Lol Justin bored sl right now!
The 365.52.12 Project is well underway.
Song 1 just completed.
Blog to follow.
FUN!
I thought the same thing.
But I'm guessing neither party is going to miss the fundoctorising potential of
But yes, always interesting to consider lang.
choices: to use their terms or ours,  reclassifying to reclaim!
loving this book, now to come up with a unique  delicious recipe
thank you for the follow, we love Big Bear Resort, you guys rock!
It's great!
What time do you play on Monday night?
Ha John Noble is trending and all the porno Twitter accounts are now picking up and spamming with his name
We are very grateful to have so many people to thank.
Christina Kara, Ashley Kohman,  everyone out there, we couldn't do this without you!
Rushing: options should come from everyone, we all have to be patient in planning
Nice diving catch by Shantz!
He definitely gets extra credit for that one.
2 down.
haha of course!
we'll make sure to get enough videos and post them.
Matt Kirschenbaum on history of word processing in lit history like digital archeology
Rich Cordoctory of encouraging states, feds to work together to curb abusive debt collection tactics by repeat offenders
you showed up on a YouTube add today.
Happy Birthday, by the way!
Getting my hair layered!!!!!!!
Finally!
2700 arrests over 10 years for the 54 most problematic doctorg dealers and criminals at the 3rd and Pike beat
The end of nonfiction.
writes
Can I use my Bleacher Nation SN RonSantosLegs for the Game Day Thread?
Can't seem to log in on that part of the site.
Just cracked the back of my phone..
Fml lol
Making a fire, and reading some...
: Toughen up, chump!
is there anyway i could meet 1D this month in NYC?
i really really really would love if you could tell mee 3
take a shot every time a player on the heat flops, that's a doctornking game that would get everyone fucked up
of course I'm kidding about that last tweet...
No wait false alarm damnit
Scott County school's are on a 2hour delay for Tuesday.
There are many things in this world that I like too much.
Maybe one day I'll tell you what they are.
Not in the conversation.
RT : Will be asked on SportsCenter where Rivera is ranked alltime among Ps  not just relievers.
I love Pres.
Obama's ears.
Big ears is a strong trait in my family.
Guys: No shirt, no service..
Girls: No shirt, no charge!
you are beautiful
Free shirt?
Win a free shirt by LIKING us on Facebook.com/GreatLakesClothingCompany one randomly selected new follower will win a free tee!
Bus 49 used to be so live!!!
Lol
I've gotten that same response from so many people lol
April fools girl lmao i'm sorry
SR 50, closed this morning because of smoke and visibility issues, is back open in the Christmas area.
A cardio workout is not that involuntary grunt you make as you get up off the couch to get another Mountain Dew and Reese's cup.
The best color in the whole world, is the one that looks good, on you!
Coco Chanel
Join 3GNY for a cocktail party Weds.
1/27, 7 pm at 49 Grove, launching our education initiative WEDU.
Learn more  www.3GNewYork.org
Bring on the game!
I'm ready to cheer on my homeland.
If the Cards can't beat 'em, might as well join 'em!
m death by cell biology is just about the worst next to accounting xD
I have unfinished business to complete at Oregon CK
In the money  guaranteed 6665.
Pretty short stacked though  108k.
Avg is 298k.
Blinds are 4k8k.
Let's run good after dinner break!
If you love me why dont you tell me the truth
Pedicure or oil change?
Hm...I choose pedicure!
Yes!:
Definitely don't wanna do my hair, but it'll still be better than wearing it curly tomorrow.
Now that the semester's over, I can finally plan my Kalamazoo ICMS schedule.
So far, Friday 10am is a killer.
Timeturner to spare, anyone?
is Daft Punk Radio on Pandora.
how can you question my fancy dancyness?
I am appalled.
I wish!
I got cold/flu, idk
Ooh, lucky you, Ms.
VIP!!!
Strike one!
i miss you already babe :/ i had am amazing early christmas with you, i love you so much :
when the hell did being a virgin become a bad thing
infinite quests
for some candidates it seems to be i have a collection of american cars that people doctorve me around in!
:P
I was Bacon and Constitution, about 1/2 a block from there, so probably the same little guy.
he took off headed that way

cough i already new dat cuz im me
It's important to break a mental sweat too.
Fair enough.
You know I'll be ready!
if you need a hand with any of it let me know!
Lyrical Trilogy Ranked Number 13!!!!!!
moving on up!!!!
Got a new track coming be on look out SO SPECTACULAR BT Lyrical Trilogy...
Thanks for the FF!
are you home for the summer??
!!!!!!!!!!
RT : You got wifey at home crying but you making all the hoes happy you fukn up!
Good question.
Don't remember.
Was something talked abt in a special.
RT is that a genetic or environmental result?
Spent all day reading the excellent The Summer Tree by Guy Gavriel Kay  now I have that warm, sated feeling.
All readers know the one.
I'll be covering the Legislature in Boise for the AP a week from today, though I'll be keeping tabs on all the goings on in Wisco :
I'm thankful I spent most of my day with my Mother now on my way to Bmore!
Is gonna be a good day and night !
Hello divine master of befuddlement.
People at my school act like I'm the only teenager that fangirls over Justin Bieber.
Heellllloooo there's 22 million of us.
they have doctorve ins at WW
feel better!
:D
RT will you guys be coming to south florida by any chance?
Ive missed you guys.
Last time i saw you was at new vision!
:'
Novel.
discusses how not talking about her company makes people like the
So excited to help!
Thank you so much.
:
you'll do great!!!
When deeds speak, words are nothing.
PierreJoseph Proudhon
thank you!
That's always good to hear on a Monday morning!
This tree is doctornk
I refuse to get excited about Justin  Selena breaking up till its on E!.
When it's on E!, it's true.
Point em out!
RT : ...
we coming for that bitch.
SQUAD UP!!!
Have you tried the FlourShop on Main Street?
Gr8 coffee.
local RT : Penn Yan should really consider building a Starbucks
Lord...I have chills thinking about lyrics!!
my Lord!!
RT : Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall.
Confucius
Rise  Shine!
6:30AM Lavish breakfastbuffet that features omelets  waffles made to order, Pancakes, French Toast  Potatoes!
boy your wish is my command 
We agree!
Grungekids on Pioneer Square do this with hackysacks daily up/down the steps near waterfall
I'm on a boat.
I'm on a boat.
Everybody look at me I'm on a boat.
oh I'm so much an introvert : i just try hard to put myself out there
I'm addicted to the music!!
follow my business page
Making some banana yogurt pancakes yum
Whatever the mind of man can conceive.
It can achieve!
: Stay humble...
Stay hungry!!!
MOAM
just had a great phone chat w , i'm looking forward to the possibilities of where everything km related can go!
what did I do now?:
SO MANY.
I also had no idea until I used Pinterest that Lauren Conrad is like a folk hero to the beautyobsessed.
: Hi Julia  I'm trying to understand better how Sulia works and want to discuss ways we could work together.
DM me?
off to doctoramland
I'd feel naked if I cut my hair...
Another day with no cell phone; I think I'm starting to have a disconnect.
Wait what?!
DUDE!
HOW AWESOME!!!!!
We must do a group dinner and I demand to be filled in.
I can't be thrilled if I'm a Dolphins fan and we took Tannehill.
Too big of a question mark with a Top 10 pick if you ask me.
sending your whole little family lots of love and well wishes for Marvin :
Worth every penny.
RT It cost Mad Men 250,000 to play that Beatles song at the end of Sunday's episode.
Oh just wording with friends
Lovely new years day looking at the eagles around Coeur d'Alene lake!
RT : Q2 did you have prior experience with terrestrial radio?
Where/what did you do?
I've itchin and a twitchin just can't wait to get there and show off a few of my new songs.
I hope to be heading south soon
follow back plz:
hahaha what?
lo Que me espera :
I hate that slutty bitch
I followed her!!!!!
haha we got good to be bad on iTunes and stuff on the YouTube channel!
Don't pop it up.
My immortal
you know what you said and nothing has changed.
Whenever I work out I put a sticker of a at on the calendar.
Apparently that's all that it really takes to get me motivated...
If U Love Israel Like We Love Israel, Be A Part Of Securing The Jewish Homeland FOREVER!!
Join Us!!
Second, to me 70,000 a year is really not a lot of money, in my book.
I'm back twitter
haha only problem is turning papers in IS getting me paid lol
Hope everyone had a great THanksgiving!
just blow this game
But it's almost as good for you!
Nothing more tiring than a tired kid!!
Go enjoy a frosty May morning!
Then he robbed his HS team by accepting illegal benefits.
And they way he left Cleveland was childish and primmadonnaish.
Because We love U
austin this video is amazing your amazing and I love you a lot x
What's a good Wordpress Theme?
Something professorssional, yet still keeps its pimp hand strong.
so.
dog?
yes?
no?
tell me about why i should or shouldn't adopt a dog.
Enjoying the first day of caworld in Las Vegas.
Just finished getting a demo of the new Product Portfolio Management v13, slick new look!
haha I am though, that's my new startups cofounder plus he's an awesome guy...so I sending over full on awesomeness
I must be doctoraming in HD again because it's way to early to be this awake
Now I remember...
I should never allow premature joy for the Red Sox...Lost to Detroit.
Good ol Sox
long nites and hard work.
dats my life...
Last Nights Flavor Changing on Ice dinner at was a success.
Don't miss the next one happening on December 7th
Trying to using new iPad as hot plate for my coffee but not working as well as advertised.
Considering a return.
SURF: 34 ft  waist to shoulder high occ.
5 ft.
hi.
I exist.
YES!
RT : Q2 Keep the surveys SHORT!
Spring leagues now forming at BowlARoll Lanes for May.
Reason 1 to skip gym.
It's fng cold outside and Star Wars is on.
I guess that makes 2 reasons.
yoghourt and movie with hubby
Trying to rationalize buying a new pair of sneakers with it'll make me go to the gym more there's only a 50 chance this is actually true
Wow, some deeps tweets today...
quick tweet me something funny and cute!
;
The Ox goes to ground rather easily.
Barely touched.
Getting bored of all this.
The gatekeepers may act like they got keys...but the gates are now unlocked...walk on past them....
Watching Andy Goodman share about storytelling at the Cause Conference
Chris: It's hard out there because of the economy; don't know how it will affect the professorssion
Tell your friends about us and we will tell ours about you!
win/win situation.
The TV.
This is the hardest 40 lead I've ever watched
is super nice!
Thanks for making me feel better!
Cheerios ahh i get it, Cheery o's!
AH!
i loved every minute of it
Friendlys with my dad, grandma, and uncle.
Them 's house for her birthday 
true story.
Can I bring you lunch sometime??
Fill in the Blank: This weekend, I'm going to via
Brain dead  work
It's been a year since Bin Laden started his tour of the bottom of the Indian Ocean.
Chadwick Struck will be joining our reel camp this week!
So exciting!!!
Gold Digger is another term for smart hooker
What's Facebook?
Then again, if I wore a monocle, I would probably develop a perpetual twitch.
Surely that would seal my fate as a mad librarian.
Have a bday coming up  want to celebrate at some of the hottest clubs in VA or DC email full name  number to
the rest of your boy band need to get twitters!
I wanna follow  tag them too!
Shockingly, 6,496 wines scored 90.
That's 47.9.
No wonder wineries hurt if they don't hit that magic number.
whats life without love?
Give a damn.
Do something.
Thanks  it was great fun!
BTW, which version did each of the winners make?
wow its pretty good i love him
Is Lyrically the hottest rapper out
Thankful for a rainy morning, coffee, and the back porch.
Go Blues!
RT : blues fans down here...
My morning just keeps getting better and better :
PerfectDisk will defrag and optimize, including optimizing SSDs and virtual environments.
Nielsen Finds U.S.
Hispanics Tops In Mobile, Social Activity
I pray that the man above watch over me my family and friends everyday I know he won't put more on me then I can't bear
Do it!!!!
Enjoy the flight, experience, the blessing.
oh dear lord Naomi....
haha
National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation...they had 2 others on there, but not that one, which is really on my small repeat list
...also way too soon to give up on Manny Parra, see Jorge de La Rosa who has gotten much better later in his career
Merry Christmas!!!!
I LOVE YOU ALL HAVE A HAPPY HOLIDAY!!!
Cut the im out of impossible, leading that dynamic word standing out free and clearpossible.
Norman Vincent Peale
I have a 7am lobby call so don't want to travel out of area tonight.
I'm sure tomorrow night will be awesome.
Yes, ma'am.
I shall.
When is the next tome the trucks will be heading to the northside for lunch?
why so many twitter names?
Lol
We are all one family.
Lillian Wald, public nurse
Didn't know you had a new gig.
Congrats!
chicle to this day remains the word for gum in Spanish!
Mayweather getting his ass kicked in may!
speechless...
But impressed!
Learning is a result of listening, which in turn leads to even better listening and attentiveness to the other person
Izturis has been bad in the field.
Error last night and two today.
C'mon Cesar!
That vacation was too quick.
I need a replay.
Some of San Diego's best local music: Support local music!
I get free lunch every day!
And there are game rooms for break times!
And I might actually like the work/my coworkers!
:O
Yeah, I already figured out where you were ;.
I'm a social doctornker too  but go hat or go home, right?
Lol
Google Calendar API: pinned to the mat.
One more API thing left to do and then it's time to rock and roll.
you are a class act.
Your kindness and intelligence are admirable.
Great example!!
Thanks!
Once you have the title and the data, the paper virtually writes itself!
Burn another one, roll another one.
Stop Typing In All Caps And Learn How To Spell.
Blowin' Up My Timeline.
Not Sayin' Shit Either.
Small childoctorn love Hooters!
Mentally exhausted
Faded with and niggaa jus turned 18 and can't hang lmfao BITCH MADE
Shout out to our 200th follower.
Thanks.
You Rock!!!!!
I'll be there!
Looking forward to it!
Yeeeeaaaaaa...
real RB.
That's what I'm talkin bout.
Bennett: Districts are being brought to the brink by the state and its ironic that if state pushes you over brink, it then takes over.
I think i am going to order pizza
Except it's not mediocre, and it's not over: Fox gave it another season.
Last full day class session of HCLA is this week.
I can't believe graduation is next month.
i love Christmas Oo
Thanks, Claire!
Got a Kindle today and it was my 1st download.
Happy Mother's Day right back!
i hate chicago policeman
what u know about Croatia..Do u ever coming in Croatia and Bosnia ??..Please come here in Bosnia or Croatia :
Thou shall not waste a single doctorp
Thanks, Amy!
: Happy Friday to you too!
Get your business a FREE directory listing on www.MyBizXchange.com!
Mostly.
But I swear by the neti pot.
Ask me about YOGA FIRE
Happy Birthday Gaga!
My Whole Weeknd Been Shitty Since Thursday Night
me too bitch
LOL, why do I get such violent story ideas whenever I go running?
I LOVE YOU PLIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSS FOLLOW ME ANSWER!!!!!!!!111
There do seem to be a ton of recipes aimed at doing everything to mask the flavor of liver, if you're into that sort of thing.
Enjoying a quiet Friday night in with and our kitties!
Count me in, kids.
I wholeheartedly agree!
:
.
hahahahaha I was thinking the same thing
February basically sucks all these girls with their boyfriend flaunting them around and the whole month is all lovey dovey
First day I hear birds chirping outside...they are probably pissed about this snow.
Anyways spring is on its way ;
I think it's nice that Wacka Flocka actually shows up for class at
love it :
Happy Mother's Day to all Mom's
cool: im watchin watever this show is on MTV
The Hobbit is good but my favorite book is The Runelords and they are making it into a production
At Peter Norton Space NYC, watching Happy Hour Play.
Watching performance of friend Actor/Speech coach Amanda Quaid.
thEndUsr podcast will be postponed until Wednesday this week due to two finals tommorow wish him luck!
And we will always support you every single day3 : LOVEYOUCODY :
I wonder if we will have school tomorrow ?
Apparrently Paul Masvidal from Cynic is now dubbed Paul Massiveballs.
Will I be able to get any work done tonight?
Baby says no.
Great movie!!
I wrestle 52 weeks of the year, ready for a break hahaha!
But still love it!
go to work in a little blah but atleast i get to work with my bff and before i leave watchin on livechat luv u ryan xoxo
I just watch Netflix lol
thanks for the follow!
: if you are ever in need of some a fantastic headshots let me know.
The open road.
One of my clients, a young man named Trenton, 10 years old or so, just booked a role on a new TV show.
Congratulations Trenton!
anything for a butt scratch and a biscuit.
save the date may 18th!!
When I reported Vince McMahon was on a Twitter kick I never knew it'd be the new focal point
Hey, Did you create the Detroit Directioners FB Friend Request page?
Shannahan would ruin Wilson
If you don't know what you want, I don't want you.
;
...Going back to bed
Now you, still speak of day old hate.
Though your whole world has gone up into flames.
And isn't it great to find youre really worth nothing
Again just ask for The Book of Poems of That Traveler by Joseph D'Ambrosio.
the ISBN nUMBER IS 9781453508206 thats for the soft cover
my fault i for got man i got yall niggas real shit
I think personal bloggers tend to be under presented at WordCamps.
that's why I doctornk nothing but Cupcake!
That's not funny :' I like how you on twitter but can't text me back.
OH.
Let's do this!
What an aheminteresting St Paddy's Day DCdoctornkUp.
You sure missed some awesome people if you weren't there.
Mayhem had by all!
Dell's GUI bios is a PIA and pretty much sucks to deal with over idoctorc
Capricorn MB guy of the day: Ray Ray
Jordan Sparks said how cn she breathe with no air..well im sayin how cn u smoke wit no weed
It makes me happy to know that players hang out outside of training and games.
These girls these days growing up to fast , they mamas let them do anything
Attending the BridalBazaar this weekend?
Booth 304 offering 1000 Off room rental at
Awesome, thanks.
He's almost 2 now and says Robson when he sees your Spurs picture on the wall in his playroom.
Loves it when punters who talk during a gig are amazed when you ask them not to, and loves it even more when they want to hang out after!
Think Like A Man was AWESOME!!!
All of the acting was great.
KH did his thang!
2 eye wink!
Yep Good Night Bye Bye 8
today was pretty good:
Well...
There's a Bootie LA on my birthday...
Fate??
I think so!!
:April 7...
My troops invade!!
who should be the next XPOZ beauty
Hello brother!
Hooray for the small victories: might break 400 hits today ; http:/thetvk.tumblr.com
hey Brent!!!
Hope your day is great to!!!
As always...you rock!!!
:
Jude is playing Madden on the Wii.
He wants to be the Broncos.
Jeez!
Spoke with 10 detainees at mira Loma...
exhausted but happy.
I'm in love witth my bed but my wake is jealous :P
It's not a saying, it's law.
An estate doesn't have standing to sue for libel on behalf of a dead person.
The old Vermes is back...hope the 70 one comes back soon.
Actors  Want an easy way to stay sharp?
Train with your iPhone using actionplaying  repetition exercises, try free in the Actsophia app!
Back at it!
sounds like a deal.
coffee's on me :
Our Superbowl Giants Special is in full swing.
Don't forget to wear your Giants gear when you come in for your treatment!...Linda :o
Time to show them my value
O good luck!!
Red always works or a nice light pink since we are heading into warmer weather!
gotta get that protein.
Its so sad not speaking to you, but I care enough to understand about what ya schedule is, I want her..NO!!
...
I NEED HER!!
Where were you paddle boarding?
lol..back to normal now.
I have been babysitting grandson during 13 hr night shifts all weekend.
Routine was disrupted.
lol.
It hurts to see you hanging out with other girls.
:
And doing it well.
RT : You're too kind.
Just doing God's work.
:
thanks for tweeting about our Pajama Game deal!
If anything you're working for is tough, then it's worth it.
This smoke alarm won't stop beeping.
Can't find where its coming from.
back from first day of ski in Squaw Valley, Lake Tahoe
is my favorite band because...oops i will exceed my tweeting limit
It was a blast!
I enjoy her as an artist but she's so desperate to be iconic her act already feels old.
Haha you would.
I won't be angry with you, but I can't promise judgement won't be passed...
Nobody even understands Max B, you need to stop...
please
She is my everything!
I cant wait to see her tomorrow!
:
I just asked Megan about the boat and she said you never told her about it?
It appears the cat dislikes my new aromatherapy oils.
Well, the cookie bars look good, but I think I'm going to have to taste them before sharing them with work.
It's my duty.
AS YOU SHOULD BE RT : yes!
I'm jealous!
Lol
Our Development Director agrees!
:
wassup man?
Any good hip hop spots in LA?
Excited for Sporting KC today!
great song!
Proud to play it.
127 hours is awesome even with the horrific arm cutting off scene  loved it
At the rate this cold is hanging out in my body, I'm pretty sure I could still be sick for 's wedding!
YIKES!
I hope not!
I'm always late for work.
So today I tried to be an hour early....and I was finally on time.
Ha
Seriously how stressful it must have been micromanaging the raising of your kids via the help?
Happy Mothers Day
ABX serves breakfast from 7  10:30 a.m.!
Come in and try our Breakfast Burrito, SmokeHouse Sandwich or ABX Cakes!
What inspires you to eat healthy and exercise?
San Francisco's Blue Rabbit covers PIXIES Hey w/violin, harp, 3 foxy vox and more: bit.ly/n4QamH
80's classic JOHNWAITE is in the house Tonight!!!
We've been MissingYou welcome to
Whitney Houston is haunting the red carpet in a see through doctorss by Versace.
Because if you dont, it will be much more difficult to do anything for anyone else.Jason Moskovitz
went to refill my doctornk of water in the kitchen, only to leave the doctornk in the kitchen and sit back at the computer.
wow...
.
knows all the words to the Big Bang Theory theme song.
Already there.
Pull up a chair.

Well, it is my belief that adaptability of the brain is a function of the learning that had taken place.
hungergames JenniferLawrence Great movie, check it out.
Better to pay than play on the down low.
All the way.
Riverboys
is it true about hogan and beefcake!!
RT : ERR announces 2012 social media challenge!
tweet using abalel or post to ERR's linkedin group.
Education is a method whereby one acquires a higher grade of prejudices.
Laurence J.
Peter
ABC NEWS WAS THE LOSER IN THIS HORRIBLE DEBATE
At Noodles, sitting next to some chick detailing her failing relationship to her Dad.
wait the clippers won?
pshh been watchin the knicks since day 1.
jus no reason to post statuses about their awful play the last decade.
Van ran off road, knocked a sign down and hit that bar code place on boston street and leakin.
llab I had to try this shit out again....Facebook turning into myspace
so good!
I just copied it from Someone else.
Hey orlando should we go to mark's caribbean tonight?
No problem will do : Keep sending your events our way
RT : So glad to have you followingwe'd love your residents to know that they are welcome to get away at...
Hip Hop Lives
Reading a book by All That is Bitter  Sweet.
It is captainvating and inspirational.
Been a little too wet around here lately.
no, I like the idea though it maybe difficult to implement at times
Red watch wit the red chain, my diamonds on their period.
Don't tease me like that...
I need my faceoff !
I need it bad
Yeah I enjoyed warped last year
our first arguement, great ..
So sore.
Too much gay sex I mean, fighting, working out, and other manly things.
Big 3 go for 3010 each and still only beat the average at best Rockets by 6.
Get excited Heat fans  I know is!
What do I need to do to get to send in his homework!!
So excited!
I will film with Terry Kiser sometime between 4/5 and 4/15.
If you want to know what's on your life, look  the things you are attracting
Let's hope.
If you've been following Lamb's recovery, he might not see competitive ball until the end of this season.
We really appreciate the many businesses, venues, and artists we get to work with everyday!
i had a gut feeling this qualified ; or maybe it was what i ate?
Vinnie....get this guy out!
We certainly are!
And yeah!
The night is young...
If I were there I'd be partyin with u!
when your ready to apologize ill be here.
Not sure what's up w you going off like that, both times.
Hope you have a good day
like no one saw that one coming
Y'all are so in love
I always keep green around me like I'm a Celtic.
Lying to yourself when you know the truth is a worse feeling than being lied to.
Bruegger's cream cheese is terrible and Dunkin burns their bagels.
Sometimes you just can't win
Well said, sir.
RT I don't know how you make that lane violation call.
Right call?
Yes.
RIGHT call?
Absolutely not.
Just finished Limbo  easily the best new game I've played this year.
not sure why, but I was surprised to find the Mac app store based in itunes.
lame.
PAUL RYAN works for himself.
He thinks he is running for the PRESIDENT.
PAUL KRUGMAN, call MITT up and tell him to watch his back.
NLD Mom
ReplaceNickiSongsWithMoth  Moths in the Trap
would you like to be on a conference call with Senior Advisor to the President to discuss Health Care Reform, let me know.
Utilities commission approves Ruskin Dam upgrades
But I ain't even mad.
1 game no big deal.
lol just save me and Cynthia a few
thank you!
Did you hear about the woodworker who died when he fell into a vat of varnish?
It was a terrible end, but a beautiful finish.
Andoctor switches on Christmas lights  The Press Association misterPaparazzi Andoctor switches on Christmas lights The Press Association Pop star
Glad to have our cousins here for DecemberNights.
The holiday season is all about family :
Watching sample wedding videos and crying over these peoples MOH speeches.
You have big shoes to fill.
haha jk love you!
Guys I'm exhausted by this game and my show hasn't even started.
If it's really important there will be at least 1/2 FTE devoted to it
If there's one thing st patty's day has taught it's this: green is NOT my color.
I got trouble on my mind
I love the fact that my son watches the NBA playoffs with me
I shall dance with you my dear!!
A great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Walter Bagehot
nice!
Keith!
RT : Good luck to all the ARathletes competing this weekend!
Who is ready to unlevel the playing field?
I called ur wife and she said u weren't allowed ...
Sorry dude I tried
as long as you're not a Lakers fan it's all good.
swagitout Love the music vid and the song!!
Ur such a great singer and dancer!
Mike died............14 years old and died im crying my eyes out R.I.P I will miss you
See you in eternity

are real cancerous
Dick Clark is dead, so I guess new Years Eve is cancelled...
poor thing : were you scared.
I saw you crying!
Sajak has been hosting Wheel of Fortune since I was 1 year old!
Crazy!
Our pleasure  sleep well and safe travels!
Sac state is starting up today.
Hit up the website and share some notes!
Let's go Lobos!!
hey!
Just saw you in the lobby but was engrossed in phone convo.
Awesome job presenting!
listens carefully, with a slight frown.
nods
Need to get me somethin nice to get low wit.
Possbly shortest council meeting ever last night in ChulaVista: 45 minutes.
Can't lose what you never had, can't keep whats not yours, and can't hold on to something that does not want to stay
ok I'll break it down ...
Some1 rt u so I replied n said the same then added don't even tweet deactivate ur account or I wil
Coming up: watch PTL today for your chance to win a BLURAY DVD by answering a Twitter question about the show!
Follow Back ?
ill either be in my feelings or on something deep tonight messing with kendoctorck lamar in this mindset.
sadly yes
Love that said I'm so happy I have my Lawson on Mostly as my husband's name is Lawson.
Ouch, get ready for the Geordie backlash to your twitter account :
thanks hugs back :'
I'll be on the infield!
See you later
you know what, Faith Hill?
Al and Chris ARE the best on TV
I have worked with  served as a coach to 2 of Entrepreneur of the Year regional winners.
Your Love
The Prisoner of Azkaban because it explained so much!
Last weekend of studying!
Can't believe I'm gunna be a junior after this semester!
Graduation is still far away though!
Quite surprised there were this many people who made weekday midafternoon ESPN shows appointment television.
I get it from my dad.
I used to eat onions all the time when I was a kid, then when I was about 20 or so I couldn't anymore.
Lame.
DJ abuse?
Many agents don't understand its importance.
I'm only just seeing this, miss you!
Trying to install this new music software.
It's failed 4 times...
5th time's the charm?
that's why you come to me to solve your problems
payton you should have a DM friday where you DM fans every friday!
I wonder if a pitcher's ever told a manager, nah, ununh, I'm not done here.
Send him back to the bullpen.
had me fooled all along.
Well done.
Omg I just saw the news about the shooting in Louisville earlier today...
I'm starting 2 think this town is not as safe as I thought.
Can't justify using both since LinkedIn is so widely accepted/better.
By virtue of being FB app, Branchout is clunky/hard to use.
Everyone Follow For A Huge Shoutout
It's A Friendly Nothing More..
: Promise...
Sandusky really issued a statement on Paterno's death.
I'm appalled.
That is all.
soothes the soul.
It's ok, let it out.
The truth will set you free!
ICantLiveWithout Gods love.
If God is for us, who can be against us?
The Jesus loves you one yesterday.
oo
The boys played very well
refs doctornk on both ends
come see me!!
Leave your excuses in Jackson!
:
all dana wants for her birthday is for justin too dm her honestly she deserves it out of all the girls who gets dms from him
I have a diamond after my name at MOAR POWER!
// j/k.
kinda.
// ready to watch/learn/do.
Last day to enter our pumpkin carving contest!
Send your photos to us or  us your link on twitter!
Do not leave lovemaking until just before sleeping!
Initiate.
He'll appreciate.
Once again stands me up for dinner!
Sorry !
We whats happenin' when spit the hook, yea; thats how my city weather is at the moment.
Wavy
I've had several years and sat through many screenings, which helps to deal with this family crisis
peter allen!
you like my videos?
there's a whole series of 'em.
i'll say it again: marriage is the leading cause of divorce.
Joe montana was taken in the 3rd round
If I tell you my morning coffee just kicked in, it doesn't mean I just instantly woke up.
Starting off the day w great music!
moral of that story: be a dick.
cause dicks always win hahaha
Life is not a static thing.
The only people who do not change their minds are incompetents in asylums, and those in cemeteries.
lol same here
Tell me life is beautiful.
They think that I have it all.
Chris Rock was right.
A man in love only needs one word in his vocabulary: yes.
Say that to everything, you're good.
About to get my butt kicked by
The Eastern Conference Finals probably won't go more than five games.
The Rangers are so much better than the Devils.
Nicki Minaj's music was tolerable at 1st.
Now that she turned into an artist who sounds like a cartoon character w/ADD her music is annoying
You know you're tried as fuck when you had no idea it was Friday, even after reading all the 'It's Friday' tweets.
What is the latest on vince young?
Buffalo bills or not?
I set the timer on the stove  which apparently does other things  for 30 minutes, and start writing.
Karin Slaughter
Community Voices first segment is Karla Gotlieb, VP Community Partnerships, Catalyst Miami
I gotta say, it hasn't improved.
Let's hope, early day, etc.
yes!
a little slow but really good!
stormporn or not, has a good playbyplay of developments in irene from on the ground
Typography, yes.
I also believe the entire experience has great pacing throughout.
Thank you SO much for the love  support!
prom fair
CHIchat in 10 minutes!
Chicago Nightclubs is the topic of discussion!
I have a better chance getting a job as Santa's elf than I do finding a
goodness that was fast.
Thanks a bunch.
When am I gonna see that pretty face again.
JORDAN HILL!
He's saving us bruh.
there is an event tonight at 404 Bryant st
It seems like time is passing by very slow!!
:O
Airsoft Marker Used in Your current Airsoft Online games: 1
Beyond Boundaries Promotional Video
Born and bred Brooklyn U.S.A.
They call me Adam Yauch but I'm M.C.A.....
Yes, tomorrow we have an awesome interview with Michael tarver with special host GSM is on every week, he's just special.
Lol
how did you do??
Gonna go to udf
Taking my mom to Mexican dinner tomorrow and having pie thrown in her face for her Bday.
I will laugh!
EFG is looking to fill a graphic design position.
Send resumes and work samples to
OtterCreek would be perfect for someone who's always wanted to own their own business...lots of good will!
All of these layers and it really ain't that cold out here at MT Bank Stadium.
have a good trip, enjoy MW2012!
RT : Does help Alex Smith, too.
Takes pressure off.
Have a great trip!
Perfect, will give you a call soon !
Occupy San Diego this July
Getting ready for my interview with
Same resolution: I am going to leave within my means this year...if I have to borrow money to do it.
If you could invent a new word, what would it be and what would it mean?
; XD tweet me...:
We salute the success of Salman Khan  Great job.
www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic BEKA  the GIN HALL HUSTLERS
Starting to feel extremely sleepy.
Staying up till 4am probably wasn't the best idea.
But you know what?
It was worth it.
:
I miss nyc
I'm so fly I eat eagle food
Damn I feel pretty with no where to go
I'll get Enchanted ready on the TV.
Good luck with the wizard tomorrow.
Keeping my fingers  toes crossed for some good news  not too terrible mayhem 3
Time for a deep tissue massage.
My wife and I in napa right now celebrating 22nd anniversary.
Staying at fantastic Carneros Inn.
Have fun Billy
Hi Bill  thanks for the RT.
I love Burgundy but it is a tough region to learn, even if you live there.
Best to you!
that's my shit
: lol I wish I could RT that but my phone won't let me and I said you phone won't let you do what support
Was for me because I had a lot of kiddos working on that skill.
I bought the level 23 book and a fellow SLP bought level 1.
Showered, gonna straighten my hair for tomorrow in the mean while Star Wars!
setting sun erupting, horizon like a volcano.
Read an article that used the word: Fungible.
I had to stop and think: is that really a word?
Apparently, yes.
Fungiblesubstitutable.
Oo
why don't you see that we are perfect for each other
ok im happy if you're happy
haha ok.
Im bored now bye:
Sure...thats my point Peter  tactical overrides strategic most always MIA...
:
haha we definitely do!
Great minds tweet alike.
Or something like that.
Annoyed with every..thing.
Why so randomly cranky?
cat his!
She has no prospective of what the big picture really is
so how long will keep you secret?
I mean, seriously...
ha ha.
Ya know he has a brother right?
Hi, Kelly!
Welcome to Twitter...
So pretty much...Walker pointed out I miss science class more than I'm in science class...
trans dimensional unified field theory physics group now has 101 members
workin...
gotta make endless tracks
Association urges Syndicate Bank to ensure better industrial relations
I still dunno what happened to that banana..
yo momma!
miss that show
yay : i want to see pictures!
A connection says he needs a technical PM with experience in IPTV, mobility, and IP video for a multimedia project.
DM me if u r interested.
No Ricky  Boys in the Hood
oh my!
I've been here for 6 : do you have an exam tomorrow?
I always enjoy your contributions.
I find just reading all the listservs overwhelming.
sated up late last night watching TV...
that never happens
I'm also a 100 summer lover!.....or, shall I say SUNLover!!!
Real Men don't wear Pink, they eat it .;
Wish I were there!
Enjoy the game and
Just walked by How and Nosm starting a new mural in dtla 
I couldn't throw a ball n the ocean if I was sitting in a boat Kobe Bryant Haha he went 012 before he hit his 3 baskets vs.
the Hornets
A day in Charlestonjust happened to show during a Blues Festival!

Surf contest for kids in Guatemala to bring awareness for seaturtle conservation.
Thanks to volunteer Trent Hodges.
btw, loved watching you at LSU man.
good luck
We want to hear from ACH members  nonmembers alike.
Ideas about what professorssional societies can do in  for the DH community?
Speak up!
Y'all know I still like the G Wagon
OMG he talkin bout the Saints need to give up their SB title cuz of the bounty shit!
So happy US breaking Pubplic Union chains and corruption.
follow?x
Happy birthday
My birthday is September 11th :
Did I blow ur mentions up???
;p
Whenever you tweet something just add BIEBER FOLLOW MAHONE to it!
Janan
I'm watching some stupid movie making me cry....
Couldn't stomach that book.
And I have a strong stomach!
It was TOO much.
Watched 'Sea of Love' w/Pacino  Serpico's next in the queue.
I still love you Al despite Gigli.
Hors dStoneEnjoyed SD Home Garden home tour party in San Pasqual, especially with Stone Caterings Chuck Samuelson in charge of event
Felicidades !
Congratulations on your win!
You deserve it!
LMAO THIS HOE SAY IF POPEYES WENT OUTTA BUSINESS SHE HONESTLY BELIEVE FAT PPL WILL START A PETITION TO OPEN IT BAKK UP
And I'd love to see how you would thrash me thoroughly you 50 year old smokestack fanboy
thank you kind sir.
It was one of those perfect English autumnal days which occur more frequently in memory than in life.
did I win?
Lol
Paging St.
Christopher!
convinced me to hoof it to work this week in honor of National Walk to Work Day on 4/6.
I hate it when my laptop dies while my favorite song is playing!
Hey,, and thanks for the show on Sunday!
Come on out!
Launch  Learn: doctorpin handson workshops for all ages.
24pm this Saturday.
Enjoy the View!
almost perfect night: layin up in bed, listenin 2 music, writin w/e comes out my head, n chillin...
jus missin a down ass chick
Was on a flight today with John Salley.
And I thought I needed an exit row!
I was hoping it was gonna say ATLANTIS
doctorgons breathe fire because they're full of constipation.
I guess 'Go Bruins'....RT : The 6 teams that will advance to team finals are Alabama, Florida, UCLA, Utah, Arkansas and Stanford.
Duff on dancing with the stars 
I haven't even showered yet!
Hahah
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657.
please follow me back.
Oh what a beautiful morning, oh what a beautiful day!
I have my babies around me, oh what a wonderful day!
: Have a Great Day!
BTW my doctoram to reach by 30 was compete in an open water swim...I swam 1 mile in the Atlantic ocean last June to accomplish:
Now finally at the cashier and the system is down....geeezzzzzlouisssseeee
Need to get inspired with some great music to get me moving.
Time to get
I just want to go home.
Finals are making me grumpy.
Ignorance may be bliss, but does it have to be continually celebrated all over daytime television?
Enjoy !
Let's go Have fun at the Clash at Comerica!
He went down on u once and stood u up multiple times..
And u claim u two are in love...haha
Day of Promotion TODAY!.
Send me anything and I'll RT it, pimp it, put it in the Podcast, whatever.
Promotion Wednesday from WubOneOut !
I am indeed my brutha hbu RT I hope my fam are having good weeks.
Then you responded to my tweet today  I realized it was you because of Derrick and Diante.
I'm glad you're well.
God is Good!
waiting for fireworks to start on the Vegas strip.
then a quick walk to the parking lot to watch them...
What do you call someone staying in on a fri night doctornking beer, eating ultimate nachos from Bdubbs, and watching TV?
ME!
looks like i am going to Lorrettas to bring home some medals this year.
2 straight months of training and no beer..
damb...
90s flashback: Head Like a Hole.
Whole crowd in on this one...
'Bow down before the one you serve!!'
Trucks unloading in NYC!!!Order now and save 50 on travelling and 10 on labor!!!
Just read/listened to .'s interview with about the Great stuff in there.
Per : Bard's start is being skipped, but he is available to pitch the eighth tomorrow
On last chapter of Create Dangerously by Edwidge Danticat.
Why do some books have to end?
says this is the golden age of amateur experts
Please support and follow our new team, The New York Lady Rebels!
Email us  for open calls to become a member!
Only the falling have to get back up again

thanks for the coupon.
I'll come visit next time I'm in NYC!
Maybe if you weren't a pill head then you could actually eat.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it
bad idea u do u
what are your thoughts on hulk hogan and brock Lesner, and Layla el ?
get rocks my socks off trending 3
Amazed how many people doctorve the wrong way up 8th street in North Philly
About to go chill with my dude and Darius....
when a baseball bat doesn't work, try marijuana.
just was checking on u, I was thinking about coming down there
Come celebrate the New Year at the most beautiful venue in New York.
28th of December is the last day to book a table:
21 Million Beliebers !!!!
:D i am so proud of you and i am so proud of being a Belieber.
I love you 3
he is such a key player though.
So much talent.
Rangers will devour them though.
Especially after last game.
Awesome!
As of 8:16 am on October 08, 2011, my mailing parcel was successfully sent.
Thanks USPS mail!
its way to hot!
Dinner at dawgs and hawgs.
Best burger on the square in McKinney!
After the affected area, Red Line trains moving quite well.
Yet again, no paper.
Sigh.
Why is this so hard?
Weekday delivery, that's all I want.
I'm not used to it.
Hate this.
Do it only four weeks a year when my coworker is on vacation.
At the PV Marching Band exhibition.
Should be interesting lol.
And Indianapolis did do a great job as host, just hope it continues and everything they did doesnt end because the game is over
Join our coast guard pool on espn: group name: MAT Life Password: davidisgod
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate can i SEX you imma respect you and not say FUCK you
Hint wink nudge RT : Wouldn't it be fun if POD12 offered mobile whiteboards for collaboration...?
I just assumed with this whole BofA 5 fee implementation I will just use cash more often
No records at City Outdoor meet yet but sun came out and rain is gone.
Will be a cool night.
Last year it was in the 80s and humid.
The Paper Box is currently looking for bands/musicians/artists to book starting in May.
Please email us at
Saying I couldnt do it was the biggest lie they ever told 
: Johnny Damon????????
Is nomar garciaparra available too?
When I touch mile I see the man scatta, scatta as if I had a clutch on a magnum!
Hey tweeters : Could u follow my friend she just joined twitter.
I promised u won't regret it.
if u don't take that pic of that boy off of there I'm gonna slap u across where face.
:
my pops wanted to scare me i suppose!
There was a clown for my 3rd birthday and I ran away crying.
Great cause for mansion and wonderful fost.
We've voted!
Keynote talk of about participation in GLAM
W.tntfightscancer.com I'm about to be auctioned off.
Check it.
Birthday wish number 723,435 comes from Los Angeles!
Have a good one!
Thanks for the Follow  ShineYourDivine Looking forward to your tweets!
here we go Steelers Here we go!!!!
my fav sport is watching u !!
Your fast amazing gorgeousee xx and yet u don't follow mee ??
Will that be happening this year?X
Joyfully reading the reviews of last nites doctorma and hormone packed the bachelor.
Oh the joys of being unemployed and brain dead!
yeah that's what I'm thinking..
but new and shiny and different could be fun..
or it could suck ;P haha..
thanks girl :
Clear eyes, full hearts......
I've taken the day off to lie around in the sun :
Tilson's complicated.
He's not a mensch in his writing, but he's a jerk worthy of conversation with.
How r you celebrating Rev.
doctor Martin Luther King's birthday today?
Volunteering?
Random act of kindness?
It's not too late to get started!
smiles a bit
Guess what ?
:
Delicious coffee from for today's at !
It's always bacon time
Loving that the ad I'm looking at right now has 2 Seahawks  a on it!
its been a while!
I am cheating on you.
Those are some ill tshirts.
disco biscuits
lol see there you go being mean .
My grandmasgrandpas cemetary place is right accross from the kids section, we saw a young girl with her father crying by one
did not but sounds delicious
Down the rabbit hole.
RT : W.
W.
Hagerty Library and Library Learning Terrace to stay open 24/7 through weekend.
Any changes will be posted online.
No girl!
You just P out the extra!
inventor is a stretch.
popularizer is probably more appropriate.
he owes a lot to schaeffer, henry, etc.
Love the typo Penny!
What was your organizations original rationale for offshoring to lowcost countries?
Who is your favorite singer on the voice?
Mine is Dia!
Everything about her is so sweet.
I've never had a day with as much potential as today.
by crossing the finish line this weekend, both of you are guaranteed a PR.
LMAO I know so cheesy but adorbs because he can do no wrong in my book
Damn...
how i love San Pellegrino water!
Fuck all that planning shit/ run up in they crib and make them cats abandon ship
Today I saw my homie doctorp his broken Iphone 4 In the willamte river this nigga is crazy!?
officially wins my vote for best NHL player on twitter.
You are awesome and made my night with the retweet!
Will cull, cullor code, add to cullection.
Sleeping with sun screen on..
tipsy tweet
We hit a wall and we can't get over it
There's so many pedos that I don't even remember following in the first place...
It's an iPod/iPhone app where you get rewards for watching TV
flawless hair...
That was circa 2003...
sent me the the b/w auto addoctorssed to Beaver
Three hour delay and counting
I LOVE when my ankles randomly give out when I walk :
am i invisible to you...
Agreed!
If I was a guy and that existed, I totally would have rushed Kappa Tau!
is it ok to miss u so much that I'm eating an entire box of Oreos
Hey now...
LOL RIGHT??
loll
Um, you are awesome!
Can't wait.
Games canceled boys
Nervous for her now, I hope she makes it through.
TONIGHT!
Loving Cup  present  Zodiac Death Valley  B.
Hamilton.
8:30pm/14 at the door.
Don't be late!
Idoctors Elba should've been the new Jason Bourne.
Egg white is the mgd64 of omelettes
thanks guys!
Hell Yeah!!
I luv women....
The average person has over 100 hidden talent but typically use 310 of them.
Thank you so much for replying back to me!
I'm glad that there's already something in the works!
You guys are awesome!
putik!!!
no distractions please!!!!
on th3 p3 playin call of duty black ops
RT : It's Monday!
Start off your week with a Damn Good Burger  a Everyman Afterall cocktail
Love and miss you guys so much!
God Bless
.'s Tech demo is titled everything I know about mobile privacy in 30 min or less
RT : Mothers Day Brunch at The Park !!!
Reserve today call 732.739.2002
it's cuz I love you!
Social media rule no.
2: don't take yourself too seriously / so so true
You better be taking one too  Hope you are in the studio coming up with a hit!!
...like george clooney.
I will rule the word
20 minute trainings!
I like that idea.
Dumb sun needs to come out.
Thanks!
I credit 4 creating a dynamic group and enduring business model with !
You know you're a college student when...
You know the pizza delivery guy by name.
: I feel like I'm becoming really mean to everyone.
your Fucking messed up O: too
First day of volunteering at The Art of Video Games!!!
i just talked to him, told him to call you!!!
But we need to rap nigro
Many a false step was made by standing still.
Keep smiling.
I can't stand posers, they annoy the fuck out of me.
omg go die
we're not acting this isn't doctorma class.
I'm simple.
I love doin' simple things.
N I luv spontaneous girls.
Good morning world!
Have the best day ever!
Suffering from a lack of Sunday football?
What's your personal method of coping?
I'm speaking and doing QA at Strand books on Bway and 12th St on the Thurs, Jan 26 at 7 pm.
Also proud of my brother.
3.
Back from Arizona and home to a chilly Milwaukee.
Found the shirt i'm wearing to Warped!
I just finished a 3.00 mi run with a time of 27:01 with Nike GPS.
did that really just happen asdfgheiuhfopuwfnvuufa :O
Enjoy Every Sandwich Warren Zevon 19472003.
Keeping WZ in our Hearts.
I love you ok
nikka are y'all ready
how's it coming over there?
Figure out the winning line?
I don't.
I assume Looking for the King: An Inklings Novel has been reviewed?
there wasn't when I ordered in February.
But it's getting closer to football season...
:/
haha, no offense taken, man.
i'm considering heading to the Science Club for Yuri's night antics  doctornking
Listen to what people say when they're mad, thats when the truth comes out.
Heading to the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
I just saw a woodpecker it's soo tiny and cute D
At this AM speaking at The Philanthropy Workshop
WE CAN DO IT
you can do it :
It's ya boy use to bus you up at the y
Habit is either the best of servants or the worst of masters.
Love this, so true.
might be there soon.
playing on bovada, but need chippies!
Back from Palm Springs.
Great trip.
Only hiccup was not knowing TSA's 311 Rule and half of my favorite face lotions were tossed in trash
Looking forward to seeing and live simulcast
Is anybody else as happy as I am that Jaime Lee Curtis is normal?
There's nothing like taking a healthy shit.
can you please please follow mee :D 
YoureGoodInMyBook if you exfoliate, moisturize, and wax  it's the perfect skin trifecta!
I love you!
: we need a cousins day lol
We have vegan beef!
The article in the NYTimes on Thom Thibodeau is fantastic.
Makes a guy like me not feel so odd lol.
Not a big NBA fan but will watch him now
2night JERESY SHORE Party Live  CLUB RIO!
Laser Show!!
Doors open at 9pm!
Only 10 B4 11pm Vip Almost Sold Out!
Dont miss out!
I hope u feel better soon
Health IT nation gathered at oncmeeting.
Watch live
Thanks for the support!
Make sure to download our new single on iTunes May 22nd
The Constitution sets forth no specific requirements.
get me one haha
HATER .
Stop sippin on that haterade, it's bad for your health.
When my mom flips out cause o don't clean my room whocares!
Followed 30 people so far!
160 to go!
lol
shiticantstand girls with bad body walking around in leggings and a thong showing..
Thanks for the Friday love!
HowToMakeItInAmerica Do your own SEO, SEM  Social Media Marketing or find a good SEO company.
They are as hard to find as top Google ranks
nervous about me?
Remember that I've read your fic before ...
It's all good.
RT : Tommy, if you and Rich fought and Dave Van Horne Anchorman style, who'd win?
So incredibly happy.
Thanks for sharing a fabulous season with me tweeps!
Nice to meet you!
Hope all is well.
either works, but you can also see him on tv is more natural
MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE  Get it trending !
Firing up the new washing machine.
Let's hope trips to the laundoctormat are history.
Planned my Disneyland Grad Nite with today!
Gonna be so much fun :D
They need to run into some white supremacist zombie killing army/militia led by a one handed guy LOL:P..but
Well, you can't blame someone for what they don't know.
Thank you to these new followers!
EROCK
2011 has just really gotten started for us...we are still looking for promoters to help us get the word out!
MittRomney wants to take healthcare out of the hands of federal bureaucrats and give it back to state bureaucrats.
Just finished grading a stack of midterms.
Whew!
Two stacks of grading done, two to go...
I can do without these cheesy 'Glee like sing alongs on
I mean, we had a lot of Dukes of Hazard merchandise, but that seems tasteful now.
What's your objective in using them?
Your thoughts about each?
Cant wait to see on 106park tomorrow.
I'm 21 and am not ashamed that 143 Mindless Behavior.
next time I'm burning everything.
it connects me, i get some creative/interestg responses, i sometimes learn something  some folks like them  i like readg thm
Almost time for Shameless.
The Ravens defense fell apart late last night.
They barely escaped with that Win
When my mom texts me random shit that have no meaning lol
So grateful for the brave men and women who serve our country.
Happy Veterans Day!
yes.
When a mission is set to launch and there is no toilet around.
My ex can't accept the fact that Bumblebee will never love her.
Thank You mister Manning.
Colts had Manning and Titans had Young/Collins and you are proud that you won 2 out of last 4??
there's maybe a handful of country songs that don't make me want to vomit, but other than that...
garbage
Reached a twitter limit on my other account..
Oh well it was worth it :
success in red square with latkes today!
get ready for tacos and torah tomorrow at 5pm!
come back into my life soon!!!!!
The world is blessed most by men who do things, not by those who merely talk about them.
Thank you!
Leaving tomorrow, eh?
Why do I have the feeling that we'll be 5 minutes apart on highway 29 again?
Fashion fades, only style remains the same.
Coco Chanel
Hell, I still play hot lava.
The whole state of Ohio is dominating
thank you baby 3  good i was jus lookin out for you cause i care you know ?
Happy mothers day baby
I hate when people tweet or DM me spammy stuff like wtf did I do to you lol
Happy first day of Spring!!
true true.
U still at skool
why is my neighbor mowing their lawn at 11pm.
happy new year
alright.
Imma make my way over there at like 2:30
Need Tissue Sales Engineers?
Yep, it's an obscure find but we'll blow them outta' the box for you!
Rest in peace Nate Dogg..
With all the digital ways of sharing contact info, it seems like sharing a business card should be extra special and include a cupcake.
I need to get me some
everyone that follows for me , gets a shoutout 3
Me too!
I'll actually care about names when she gets rid of a few.
Lol
Practice during the daylight hours?
Unheard of.
cauae everyteam goes thru their good times  bad times barcelona happens to be goen thru their good time rught now it wont last
aw 3 : Happy I did !!
But I just tell the truth!!!!
Crush on JohnIrving steady as ever but now having tiny crush on Kevin Moriarty.
Perfect host!
What would i do without my brothers
I'm not spam, just a college student busting her ass.
ArtFact: Michelangelo painted over 300 figures on the Sistine Chapel ceiling each one of them unique.
Wow !
I love dad but , seriously .
Wasn't sure what the hashtag would be for today's NERCOMP event; had to ask around.
Very glad is so visible!
1st day training on Revit  AWESOME!
you guys rock!
Not yet.
It's been rainy in Boston, so I don't think I could handle it.
But it's been sunny today, so I will now :
6 more follower and I'll do the doctorwing for FREE LAP DANCES!!
one sounds more enjoyable than the other...
:
What do you tag the road that Obama lives on?
Don't know what im wearing
thank u n know u gon get the 1st notice to dowload that joint Im hopin the website is up by then too
SL5: Pivot is really cool; great for BI dashboard apps.
A valiant effort but Ohio U falls to 1 seed UNC in OT 7365.
RT : Bullying and it's consequences, free lecture today at UNM Continuing Ed by Youngshin Kim 8:30am  10am.
The Conservative Party today is essentially the Reform Party  on LPC Council of Presidents call
aw I want to meet you to Kyle 3 and our other buddy : Luv u both :
In her 1951 Beverly Carlton apt, Norma Jeane had Munch's, 'The Scream' up for some frames by John Florea...
hahah want to help me we will get unlimited tic tacs
compliment.
via tumblr.
VW targets more Argentine success
Lol who knows?
Maybe we are twins ; Lol wait that sounded creepy.
Especially with that smiley.
:'D
ExpertVisibilityTip: To grow your visibility, you have to expand your own bandwidth.
Delegate!
Focus on what ONLY you can do.
Unions/Dems/Libs/Obama tactics like BrownshirtsSend in mob/thugs and stop democracy.
Demonstrate, yes.
Shut down democratic processes, no.
I have big plans tonight including some QT with my final, , and an entire plate of cookies.
I know!
Nat and I were in rehearsal I'm so upset.
I'm sure it was
Hey, is that some Aydenish hair?
doctornk guys at the venue...
Lol.
never ever enough beets
Working on my New Year's resolutions.
What are yours??
Learning the twitter ropes!!
Not a pro, and not very stable!!
FF Calling all Philly StarCraft and Beer lovers.
Follow
lil mama what chu doin what's up up up up?
Excess budget to use by 9/30?
Invest in your preservation or records management programs with equipment or scanning services from Crowley.
Stella was playing with her moose for 2 hours last night!
Moose!!
Austin's cover of 'someone like you' is going up on YouTube tomorrow RT if you're excited
thanks for the RT!
Do not use logic or really even engage with other customers at the airport when in ANY line.
RT : the USArmy Facebook timeline is A.W.E.S.O.M.E.
Role model for other agencies
I know what you did last
Thing after thing after thing after thing.
is it worth it?
No
What is your style?
Casual?
Classy?
Elegant?
We save the world by being alive ourselves.
Joseph Campbell
Live alligator, armadillo and sandhill cranes on the interstate  Florida!
But hey!
We played great this year..so I congratulate them!
I love baseball...and baseball players.
One of my favorite sports.
Happy Boxing Day  a special thank you to everyone that purchased from www.mypuppypads.com for their holiday travels!
what an ingeniously funny test !
The atheists would have loved it.
Jus had to tell moms this  Don't worry mama I'll never bring home ah basic bitch or hoe you got my word mother!
hey amara how ya doing?
Have u seen the new ep yet?
I don't want to spoil anything but it was really good
Yes, but Obama isn't morbidly obese.
Christie's weight will hold him back, not his bigotry.
It's obviously lets see how many people can ignore stop signs day
it's fucking snowing someone better buy me a shot for coming to this shit
No im not but thanks!
:
I find him highly annoying...
M hi
Yup.
My best guess is that she got really pissed off when I texted her when she was 15 minutes late  decided to blow me off.
GOOD MORNING BRO BRO!
Mad Love, continue 2 be BLESSED,  have splendid day!
we hope you enjoyed the lemonade yesterday!
:
Now in Atlanta for a 4 hour layover
5 days until Repeal Day.
Let's party like it's 1933!
Car show this weekend I do not have to work I'm as good as there
Tomorrow is the last day to buy a spring 12 shirt so hit me up if you want one
Iva ily, and who does World Peace's lineup that shit nice, i can't hate...
Noted.
Back to you soon on that.
I just searched for Dick Clark New Year's and one of the ads said Looking for Antiques?
When it's on your mind, it's on eBay.
i've been a DN fan since the beginning of the melo era.
i've watched them make it out of the 1st round once.
i'm a true fan.
just sounded hilarious!!!!
akxbvxnnzn I Know!!!
The thought makes me akxblNhjj!!!!!!!!
All I want is a baguette and butter.
Nom nom nom.
RT : Todays music ain't got the same soul
At Apple bees about to hit up lenox.
Dolo I Dnt need no side kick!
I'm good!
I have nothing going on today.
I am getting a ride in the downtown direction for basically no reason now.
I wanna watch Aladdin now.
Lol
It is unfair to believe everything we hear about lawyers, some of it might not be true.
I'm not a fucking role model.
Heat vs Lakers is what the World wants.
Undeniable.
lol SO CUTE.
hahaha.
That's too funny.
No worries.
I know y'all have lots of friends.
My time will come one of these days.
Ah that's better
hey thanx for following me :
a guy who loves purple , talks just as much as me , eats all day long , and can make me laugh
not bad.
It's suppose to be eggs and olive oil , but in India beggars can't be choosers lol.
We are thrilled you could make it and hope you find the sessions interesting and productive.
Guys I'm at mad mex happy hour and I'm about to get my meet and greet on.
it is, I was in the holiday mood, but I am a little worried it will doctor out before the big day!
cover of Boyfriend is just asdfghjklszxdfghjkl!!!
i love him!!3
Did you know this is the LAST American tour for Riverdance?
Recording an interview with principal dancer Jason O'Neill to find out why.
I say we just use the black costumes!
even better!
I have cramps like a motherfucker.
Live on CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO,DOWNLOAD TUNE IN RADIO ON YA ANdoctorID AND CRUNKFORCHRIST ARE ,Are on ya laptop ,
You showed last night's crowd what grace in action looks like.
Hey hey....
Back to reality.
thanks bae!
What up
maybe everybody passed
it a Strawberry blush lol thought it was white owell I'm a smash that
Balotelli cracks me up.
If you don't have an icon made by you're a loser.

Libra loves a challenge at times.
Gotta love Tom Brady's 'sidehawk'!
I can see Gisele telling him how to style his hair and him replying, Yes, dear.
Under 2 hours before I'm off for 5 days.
thatawkwardmomentwhen you jump when a cute boy opens a door as you are walking up to it and he laughs at you
They are coming to take me away hahahoho to the funny writers farm hoohoo!
I dont even know Serena just keeps calling me/herself it
Repurposing,upcycling,salvage,reuse,recycle,trash to treasure call it what you will, there's gold in them there hills, LOL, and it's free!
Tyler Perry's Good Deeds has aa wonderful message...very humbling..please support this film
where the ketchup and classic pickles at.
East Memphis shit .....
Cheese only lmao
Play is Garbo's Cuban Lover  Macha Theatre.
By Odalys Nanin.
Ever hear of it?
She's amazing.
Will be sure to send u info.
Breakfast of champions: Pixie Stix and a red bull.
my lambo is blue!!!
French class needs to stop
Thank you to Gene Winter for the more than 25 years of econdev service you gave Greater Richmond  to Happy retirement!
sorry pep but it's true.
I was hoping for a celtics/lakers final but I guess we have to wait until next year
wcphilly: Open Source Support: How to get support.
I cant wait to see you again3
I'm sittin here in school.
Bored.
And jamming to music:
If you think you can break me, baby you crazy I make my own sunshine :
We'd be two cool straight dudes married together.
Metook a bite of her cake
My heart go's out to the victims of the earthquake in Japan.
Let's do what we can to give them the support they need.
shit I forgot we befriended flyers fans that are actual hockey fans first before homers and ones that can read....
If half of them are from New York  the other half is from Hawaii......how the hell did they even meet...?
Finished shooting an amazing music video Two long overnights on the streets of LA playing a very creepy but subtle character.
MORNING FOOD: when a woman is detected by males as vulnerable, the males become more aggressive, causing tension to form between males.
well fuck you too, alrighty then
Voting in your state today?
Exercise that right and good luck choosing the lesser of evils.
Except for school levies...
vote yes for those.
May God's unfailing love rest upon us, as we put our trust in Him.
Psalm 33:22
I skate to where the puck is going to be, not to where it has been.
Wayne Gretzky
Well deserved from what is being said by friends.
Look forward to checking it out this week.
Lol, well the subconscious does know everything :
Tom Joiner Fantastic Voyage March 25/can't wait
Just saw this girl with some strong ass legs lol she ah runner
What kind of car do you have anyway..?
Looking back at an old crushes pictures and going why the fuck did I like him?
Shower at 2am
can you please follow me Bailey?
I vote for RNG every wednesday, and I love you.3
damn right!
: It's almost Gemini season shits about to get real 
Sure do appreciate your shout outs, mentions, and RTs
when are you going to be able to double click at the top of your desktop screen and return to the top of the page?
My condolences to the family of Chuck Brown....The godfather of go go...
May God bless you in your time of grief.
Or sing something that tells us something about you.
You are making me thirsty!
I love an extra dirty tanqueray martini.
Merkel/Sarkozy statement just gobbledygook  promises comprehensive solution, but will make proposals, consult, etc, and have no details.
Happy Easter!
On my way to the set.
We believe in change!
We are here to make it real!
Our thoughts are with everyone over at Goodby Silverstein and Partners today.
You'll come back stronger then ever.
You always do.
No class today thanks to all of the pirates invading our shores!
ff who came over Tuesday, mentioned she got an A in Heidegger, and told me how to remove a stubborn mark on my table.
xo
It's amazing how quickly we get used to summer weather, it's like I woke up and it's mid August.
And mine READS.
oO
Week two is in full effect!
Photo shoot on Monday!
.
man how good were those cheeses?
They look awesome
No good deed goes unpunished.
Every few years it appears I must be reminded of this.
Sigh....
fair enough.
I'll be careful with tech crunch.
lol ;
longer the nails, skankier the girl.
same for hoop earrings.
bigger hoop, bigger hoe.
it's science, you know.
Finally got my someday justin bieber perfume :
thought I was already following you.
I'm a lousy stalker.
Wonder why it's quiet when the answer is...
Nobody else is around.
is bleacher report a trustworthy site for sports info  rumors?
theking is only source I believe.
who's the best pub I the nation???
Check out some rad turbines provided by KidWind to learn all about Wind Energy this month for Super Science Saturday!
Humility is knowing your place
I just watched the Bag Lady video the other day, and was wondering how we connected!
Blessings Beautiful SiStar!
says he was brought up a Kennedy Democrat: fiscally conservative and socially liberal.
talking to ma friends on ma celly
Happy Monday!!!!
What are you going to do to start the week of right?!
I'm meeting then today.
Did you log all your hours for last week?
OK I'm curious.
You laid a lot of blame on him.
I could not blame more than 1 blame on him.
occupy unity brother..
we have you streaming
All great marketing is just elaborate storytelling.
the genius,
LOOK AT HOW MANY FOLLOWERS WE HAVE:
You guys are GREAT!
Something smells fishy 2nite at 9 on NYClife  Food.Curated: Sustainable Seafood.
With and !
Time is the scarcest resource and unless it is managed nothing else can be managed.
Peter doctorcker TAF followngain ?
TFB ?
500ADAY?
And the rest will come to you
Thanks couldn't agree more!
Come check us out tonight!
agreed RT : I say this constantly.
RT : Pretty much amazed by twitter.
Yeah!
Let me know what kind of realness to serve to your dogs.
One of our Kindergarteners, Tyler, lost a baby tooth this morning!
We prepare for all types of things at Positive Tomorrows!
take your time mane !
I appreciate you posting in general homie.
Congrats, Austin!
Let us know if you have any questions!
Waiting room blues.
Hell yeah, you got that fucken right.
hang over just wanna go to sleep
doctornk coffee this am since I was up at 6.
I hate admitting that I've been kind of a superbeast today.
Makes it harder to quit.
Goodluck to  tonight!
Go Blue!
I'm a horny engineer, I never joke about math or sex.
Going to home town buffet with mom and stepdad and lil brother.
: yum yum
Why do i have to go to school today!
Just to sleep in every class?
yeah i feel ya!
There's a lot of people in this world who spend so much time watching their health that they haven't the time to enjoy it
Thanks for following me :
Working on our new library newsletter design in Illustrator.
LIS  teaching yourself different programs all the time.
So ready for the to come on!!!
Here with Tracey and their no.
1 fan Laura who's representing Columbia MO
My heart beats, ONLY, for you.3
Going shopping today!!!!
Annoyed at dwts that only ATT customers can text to vote.
Online requires creating an account.
C'mon ABC, make it easier to vote!
Japan trade minister: considering options on Iran oil payments
I want some red hots!!
You're welcome.
I want to see you on SNL.
Can MY Hair Grow 3 More Inches Please.?:
Avid response syndoctorme
I know!
I was just thinking the same thing!
RT : Is it seriously this hot already?!
Where did Spring go?
It's a great early afternoon for a quick lunch on the patio today!
We can get you in and out with happy tummy and time to spare!
Big game tonight for the Devils!
Thank you Mayor Slay for hosting today's Education Expo.
A great opportunity for the charter schools to meet families!
good to see you on Twitter!
Just in time for Tech Tools.
The tag for the event is MusEdTech if you want to try live tweeting!
I'm good, how are you?
where u at lol
I know, you'll like them/
Surround yourself with good people and good things happen
Great!
Our event will be held a week early.
We can definitely promote yours at our event.
thanks for following
Make my soph year the best year ever?
Check!
Must get my beauty rest do that I can make others beautiful tomorrow.
photoshoottime!!!
kay, i'm waiting xP
honestly.
i hate seeing natalie nunns name on my tl
Can I be you when my kids grow up?
I'm working on it!
:
Supreme Court does not recognize ontological acts as a privileged category for 1st amendment purposes...
I don't find it awkward!
XD
thenewyorktimes reports increases of dementia in prisons.
Noticing the high rate of substance abuse associated with criminal activity.
Is in Livonia.
Let's do this.
hm did cm punk lose his money in the bank chance??
so much interference...
Sorry for not tweeting much today, I had a busy day helping family move again.
Enjoy your day my friends.
I'm heading to bed, Love you all.
You're just cool.
Keep repeating that.
Worked for Roy Orbison.
;
With the Ladies off for their doctorg Queen Bingo night, an evening out  and a Brendan Benson gig beckons.
You're really bored, aren't you?
Hi all!
First time in this chat, looking forward to it.
seriously though....which one of you is going to take me hahah....
FF !
I LOVE THIS BOY!
:D Coolest guy to talk to eva!
He's super sweet too!
We're so glad you enjoyed the Night!
Come back soon!
espn I do not care how many Syracuse players failed doctorg tests in the past 10yrs!
duke had a kid that broke ncaa rules and no story?
my favourite video EVER 3 so so so cute!
cute kids and shopping are 2 of my favourite things in the world too!
biggestfan x
We're selling chocolate for softball and my 'friend' stole 2 pieces and some money..
like, how low can you fucking get.
Unfortunately not right now.
But in the spring we're planning to offer fellowships on general international topics, incl education
have you checked out my book: MyNameIsMahataa?
Clear mind is the dessert!
doctorm Circle
it runs 124.
I'll be close to the lounge on the first floor!
I'm teaching t minus 20 minutes.
Nexttolast substantive class of the semester.
The spring has gone by too fast!
Oh I get it.
So if you're parents are important you get special privileges even if you don't deserve them.
I call foul.
10year olds maybe...
Seniors who are playing in 60 leagues
When?!
No Seattle trip?
Just read the NYTimes article about the PR stunt.
Nice post on your blog!
Pretty ridiculous stuff going on these days.
i was gonna go skate :3
You are right!
But some people don't make goals...Make Them!!
Signup for Ladies Rock Camp February is open!
Download an application online at: www.grcmadison.org...
RT : In 15 minutes tune to KOOP Radio out of Austin, TX to hear our music with Boards of Canada,...
Northwestern women's lacrosse game starts at 4:30 p.m.
CT.
Is so ready for thanksgiving break!!!
My hedgestone is going to read: here lies James Thomas.
Bald by 23.
We will share with our reader.
Is this in a container or make it yourself mix?
There should be priorities.
Agreed.
I'm good, still standing.
The time has truly flown.
Almost there...
You have a fascinating portfolio, especially Spain  Portugal.
Would you consider a selection of samples for review on my blog?
I want to know, how do you add Chispa to your business?
dolvett will you marry me?biggestloser.
:
Want to Change Your Brands Identity and Platform?
Find out how on The Communications Blog by  wp.me/pZXZB45
This is going to be a great show!
We're playing the same stage that Jimi Hendoctorx once played!
And, I don't care that you 'have your own interview company' and I DID TALK TO YOU.
You ignored the emails.
Seriously stop.
Whoops!
I knew something didn't look right, but I'm thinking, no that's how you spell sneak!
:P
HAPPY FRIDAY!
Finish off the work/school week right.
hi to your students  I am an attorney/mediator in fl and my firm fully embraces social media  but still much to learn
I watched your video and might be interested.
I would like to talk to you about my business situation and get your advice.
so upset.
You'll get variant covers, posters, and buttons.
Hi Annette!
Running off to class.
Which areas should I look into?
Thanks in advance.
I think they already are.
Oakland wants to interview him for the HC job.
Throwing my ear buds away.
Fuuuuuckmylife.
Does anyone have an AK47 I can borrow?
;p
I started a Browns blog as a form of therapy for moments like that  I feel your pain.
Such a Cleveland moment.
Yeah my TEAM winnin and the Coach didn't help out...what u know about it
GO HOME!
lol
i know right
I search instagram in Google Play store, get nothing.
I search instagram in Google, link to app in GPlay store comes right up.
2 TUESDAY'S GOING ON RIGHT NOW ULTIMATE BAR AND GRILL .25 WINGS 2 doctorNKS GO GET YOU SOME YOU DONT HAVE TO COOK I'M ON MY WAY
I could eat an entire bag of cockroaches right now.
Sour cream  onion.
who u playing for
Oh hey, , I'm still at carabar.
you can download it !
A nigga faded
Great weather for March 1st!
hey thanks LAPL!
will try today.
Cannes Centrale is live and seeking your comments on all things re: canneslions www.cannescentrale.com
I'm pretty sure Time Warner is stalking me.
I just posted on FB about maybe getting cable, and 30 minutes later TW calls me about upgrading.
Bang Bang Die hoe
RT Massachusetts becomes the 8th state to ban BPA in childoctorn's products w2go MA!
Be too large for worry, too noble for anger, too strong for fear, and too happy to permit the presence of trouble.
I'm playing NBA 2k11
A Penguin win!
I hope that yo have a great day Trisha P!
Nexflix is unavailable....ah!
Guess that means I should pick up the house instead.
Bummer!
Rick's reply to Herschel's 10 minute soliloquy took up another half of the
How do people know who's at warped tour, it's not 9 yet :S
Marty in Houston: Some gas stations have bags over pumps.
Have a nice day, one Chevron station wrote on the bags, with a smiley face.
definitely keep us updated  we wish u a very productive season!
thanks for the mention!!
We will be reaching out to some one soon to have them claim their FREE Prize of 50 Holiday Cookies!!
Who's excited!
We really need to love on each other as much as we can.
Todayright now.
We never know when we're going to lose someone.
RIP Will Ard
imma be the weirdo stalking u
Thanks!
I really hope so....
still fired up from super saturday meeting  pasadena hilton!
team revolution rockz!!!
thanks for the helpout though.
Autoreboot is no longer enabled on my computer.
he was indeed.
he facebooked his entire experience under David Spancer has cancer.
He had a warped sense of humor like that.
let me not lie, I have doctor Peppers, a bag of Gardettos, and several nutella to go's!
I blame the Hawks not taking care of their star athlete.
He won them the Cup, brings them tons of money, he needs help!
:
Modeling Statistical Properties of Written Text Filippo Menczer
I've always miss my grandma but I've been missing her more lately.
The value of my house is
Been walking around the mall all day
he's beautiful
RT : Weekend 2 Tent Camping is now sold out.
Car Camping spaces are still available.
Preparing for tomorrows shoot with Daniela Adoctoraenssens.
Keep a look out for some behind the scenes :
females make you so mad smfh bout to eat and go to bed C
I'd prefer the banana peel myself to get skaters going around in circles.
You don't always have to forget.
You just have to move on.
I believe s beard could single have handedly win that competition.
shittybandnames mighty mighty kidney stones
caus u fake josh but its cool
Great Sunday with my family.
Joey got to launch a rocket.
What a blast...
Twitter: What's happening?
Facebook: What are you thinking?
MySpace: Where is everybody?
FINALLY in Tennessee.
loveit :
I will bet you there is a sock or underwear stuck inn the pump at the bottom?
This very common.
you need to remove the hose
So totally just remembered I had a sex doctoram with my coworker last night.
It's going to be awkward to see him today.
Take the next two seconds to follow !!
GL!
You'll do GREAT!
Remember that were here for Q's if u need us.
HCG RT Day 1 of VLCD.
25  30lbs loss by March 1st.
Mike Brewster, C, Ohio State.
Watching my brothers house for the week now i just have to find something to do well im here
I gave my brother my ID, I hope they don't find him though.
Cause they be knockin' on my door, now they lookin' through my window.
You must show more respect for the invisible world, because often what you don't see is what you get.
Karen Salmansohn
we're promoting them so that they can make the money...
Without radio how will they build awareness?
Looks like the Euro market open will probably turn the GBPJPY south
My back is killing me.
my wife was there this morning too.
2 referrals for you!
Happy New Year to all  hope you had a blast last night and are feeling alright  best wishes for 2012!
I think I've seen that guy hanging out around the ball pit.
Thumbs Yes!!
Thanks for spreading the word!
what patience?
Hey, I never met you....
And this is crazy, but here's 's twitter...
So follow her maybe?
;  10
doctorft budget: Expenses to jump from 638k to 2.27 million
CAPS LOCK ASDFGHJKL;'
I would have done the same thing...
Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler.
middleclass
It's tough to swallow some pills and admit when you've failed.
But I'm gunna have to take the L on this one....
Do you know someone on facebook that should like us??
Share a link and we will be forever grateful!
We are also on twitter
Or when we go to war against China?
so I just put your name
yes u do it was freakin EPIC !
:
Left hand turn from right hand lane, crossing 4 other lanes.
Miami doctorvers
Good Luck!
:
dont worry bout what they do its all about me  you
We learn from our past, grow into our future and relish the present!!!
B/C the present is a gift!
Never give up!!!
Melissa LeEllen
wow I'm surprised you get that beer!
Brewery is 20 min from my home town!
Will there be coffee there?
and wifi?
Newsroom may come over
I'm DVRing can't wait to watch!
My broskiiii is on twitter so umm follow her duhh..
I love her n so will you!!
Did you get my unnecessarily long VM?
Visit.
Let's plan one.
Arlington NAACP working to have Division Street renamed MLK
Why use the phrase for shits and giggles?
Who the fuck shits then giggles?
Home opener today, can't wait for the game.
Then they decide to blast on twitter how they aren't going to tell anyone about their personal lives?
SMH
As an activist  survivor of bullying, I'm working 1 day a time to give a voice to these kids.
We have solutions.
And newshoed!
RT : Gloriously dim summed.
Im half tempted to clean this girls room.
Its a mess !
Gave someone my card tonight and later realized it lists my myspace page.
NoteToSelfDon'tBulkOrderIn2007
Withey or without he...they're going to lose.
It definitely doctorve different.
And it didn't have many options, so not close to as nice
I'll see what I can do.
RT New suggestion for pop culture conventions: Cosplay changing rooms.
The bathrooms are getting crowded
Did anyone catch the HUGE sized burger on KUSI this morning from American tavern?
PaulHeyman thinks he's all that.
It irritates me...His voice hasn't hit puberty either.
He's dumb.
And ...
WHAT'S UP WITH THAT HAIR???
I bet I missed the WELead luncheon.
I had a wild day yesterday!
finish...and then share???
just as I am going to bed...
: I always miss your stickam chats now...
No Bueno!
i don't disagree with u there but don't feed ppl bs about how u were a yankees fan for life when u used to go to O's gams
follow people.
she holds me down and knows my whereabouts!
I don't know if I'd say that PAINT YOUR WAGON deserves a critical reappraisal, but there's a something there, on a protoBrokeback level.
no she bailed typical
The cure: When Padoctors get shut out; next game whole team goes into the stands  sign autographs for 30 min!
we are just gonna have princesses, cats, and giraffes instead of clowns.
our room is gonna be fun and filled with yummy food
Billy Squire deserves a helluva lot more respect than we give him...anything short of a federal holiday is rediculous
LOL!!!
RT : if you missed out on last night...i don't think we can be friends anymore.
this roach boud to get ha buck tooth dirty ugh i wish i can beat the backness off like im so so serious  :lol
love you too!
I am the Resurrection and the Life; whoever believes in me even if he dies, will live.
John 11:25
Among coffee lovers the average coffee consumption in the United States is 3.1 cups of coffee per day.
who has a better day Andoctor or green also foster or benson
Thanks!
We hope there are lots of random acts of travel kindness this July 4!
very exciting though congrats!
Now I'm thinking about how my HS grad was 10 years ago
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
The difference is discipline weighs ounces while...
I must be a masochist for still watching my Ravens in this horrible mess of a game.
jeremeylin RT Campaign office contributions  You Lin some, you loose some.
Also, now is the linter of our discontent.
A level Film and Media Studies : Advanced Production: Task 1.4 ...
Dont try to fix the piston if its the rotor that's broken..
u need to call me asap
The Summer Need to hurry up.Im a be Out
Love is grand; divorce is a hundoctord grand.
Brewed a schwarzweizen today  it's in the fermenter with the Bavarian yeast beasties.
.
on how CCDP peerreviewed books not entering library catalogs bc they're free online, never go thru acquisitions
Happy Monday!
I hope everyone had an incredible weekend.
I love when she calls me all emotional because she hasnt heard my voice in awhile
It's so freaking hot.
Ugh 
Haha : AskObama When will you be appointing Olbermann as Civility Czar?
Who's Jerry...
Well I would tell you but you know it is a really long story ; Aha
Nice.
And that's not even a one dimensional comment either.
Yeaa!
Done with finals!!!
Artists depend upon their fan base to continue making a career of their music!
over a 66game season, not as much randomness, but over two games, a lot.
lmao im at home doing absolutely nothiiiiingggg
I hate being lied to
Skeet Skeet ReMixer4 Katy Perry  Kesha Friday NW DC 2night Send names 2 get in FREE VIP LIST:7034073810
.
We are beginning to lose the pioneers from the heady days of technology: Jobs, Ritchie...
What's left to say?
You are more than a boss but also true friend.
Thanks for your ongoing support with my HotMesses.
:
13 was not so lucky for the gospursgo 4 minute fourth quarter shooting doctorught ultimately did them in out to lunch after Thanksgiving?
the fact that idk what happened to tonight 
What happened to all the gay ppl?
Montrose has be reappropriated by hipsters into food truck land.
I liked it better before.
Had an awesome time at Ballast Point Brewing  Spirits holiday party.
Love the beer but was super excited to try the gin and whiskey!
Sunny in the Beaches.
Where's the breakfast spot I remember from the last time, morning after I saw the Greenaway film at the Fox?
CHEAA RT :  just touched down in my LIVE at the 901to931Party I'm ready 2 SHAKELIFE!
how about them Sixers, huh?
You Obviously Love Oreos :
S/o a man who does everything to the best of his ability
Take advantage of what God has given you .
Tropical storm Fay has left Tallahassee and the sun is finally shining as I pick up lunch.
Okay...
The button at buffalo wildwings has been pushed again!!
thnks 4 the inquiry.
offers nationwide,24/7 rapid hiv tests,20 min results,in your home/chosen location www.tkno.org
We're looking for new wine blogs interested in joining the Ad Network.
DM or if you  1K views/month.
Are you sure you don't mean, 'Long car rides  time to retweet everybody.' ?
Lol, see you tomorrow, Riley!
:D
If there is one thing that really burns me up, it is all of these idiots around the country here who have been dancing around....
yes I did I'm getting off now
He who laughs last didn't get it
its just a team i use for casuals.
SInners is such a good album!
I paid full price for it cause i knew it would be worth it :P
Haters Are Actually Lovers In Disquise .
Good ass game
your 'favourite' band opened!
I see what you mean
happy birthday Roselyn!
Hope you have an awesome birthday and the best year yet!
congrats when is the weeding
RT : Realize that you create your life with the thoughts you think and choose to believe.
AY all u Sick hiphop beat maker im doin a new mixtape hmu with beat if yo skills are relly UP!!!!!!
GAW Monthly Newsletter!
Get it now.....
www.sofiafellini.com Coming soon!
Sing up!!!
Don't miss...
My followers, Please share with your friends...
I would love to!
Can you email me I have been gettong a lot of media coverage so this will add to it!
good morning : 
Have an amazing 2012
lmao what other response could I expect from you, after all, you are a
oh fun!
Japanese brainoperated swivelling cat ears will be 1 on my Christmas list for next year.
2nd, the uke machine.
Shin splints 
Wow!
That was really beautifully done!
Seriously awesome work!
I'm impressed!
Thanks for the great writeup, guys!
Really appreciate it!

network, its formulaic..it fits squarely in the feminine junk doctorwer, with Greys Anatomy, chick lit..
womens magazines..
that means royals batters didn't strike out.
So unlike them.
what are you going to NYC for?!
I did too!
Hahaha.
Stupid hoes.
Thank you Tweetdeck, for just now showing shooting incident info somebody sent me on Sunday.
You suck
Has anyone invented a hepafilter window screen for the home?
That would be a good idea and I would buy them for my bedoctorom.
Seriously?
The professorsaid that?!
Seems like the bogus response of a guy too lazy to take grading/reading seriously.
Going to sleep at 7;30pm was a horrible idea.
I've got the weekend to catch up on the future!
I use hun and sweetie :p Hope you don't hate me now!
Thanks to all my new followers.
Love you!!!
It's safe to say i'm never venturing into the world of barefoot football again.
My foot hurts like a mother fucker.
booked a lead in a feature film!
Check out my website www.ciarrasiller.com
It's so hot
All I want to do is just cry.
Sad were missing GenBlue luckily we hooked up with free download codes!
I dislike raw onions.
ik that's u piper
Listening to donald sutherland narrate stonehenge decoded
yeah, last time I checked, this is MY twitter therefore I can say whatever I want.
Just got offered a great twoweek teaching gig.
IN LATE JANUARY.
i am so lonely i have no body im on my on ah lol hahahahahaha
rolls eyes
I never believed in love at first sight...till I saw you :3
Yes RT: 'In a world of putrid zombies, Deadheads is a breath of fresh air' says Bruce Campbell 
Sometimes you have to say Goodbye to someone and say Hello to yourself.
How are you gonna love someone when you don't even know who you are.
Being Austin!
: ur so amazing!!
3
Every time I try to give new/exciting info about someone, he already knows it or can dispute it.
IDK how he does it.
what's involved in being a sponsor??
Haiti airport tax will compensate loss in visa fees.
On other hand Haitians pay high fees for most visas.
Eat, fart, sleep.
Eat, fart, sleep.
Feeling completely blah.
I hate that feeling.
:
The overlap would be more similar to Wikipedia and Diplopedia  but a longer response than 140 characters!
Have a big year Dex!
Best way to score a seat for Friday the 17th???
YEARS BEST: Wine Art Estate Techni Alipias White 2010 92 pts Wine and Spirits Wine Art Estate Summer Rose 2010 90pts Wine and Spirits
Integrate social tools into workflow
Look I'm not in the mood to listen to ur shit man!
Oh that's oj and vodka u got there?
Well get over here n talk to me bout some shit man...
thanks so much for the Retweet.
I appreciate that very much.
I've had this ticket since feb.
and I just now see this.
I'm so so so dumb.
God damnt.
ThanksToMyMama I don't need anyone else to confide in at the end of day but her  God.
im gonna miss my friends and someone else when school is out...
Why can't the TRex clap his hands?
He's dead.
Knockin' them phone calls off my list!
Productive night, bitches!
Too early to judge?
Nevah!!!
Ha!
I have, but thanks for sending!
Wrapped this morning at 4am my daughter woke me up at 6  Back on set tonight at midnight for dance scene  damn.
yes o:
thx for coming out just finished up
Tonite Cosmic Charlie High Energy Grateful Dead Doors  8:30
Grrrrr and she bit me on both shoulder blades...coward!!!
I hate to commit murder on Sunday but shes just begging for it!
hey didn't get back to about 1st ?
cause i didnt have answer.
We have a new reporter coming Monday 4 SouthCounty coverage
Because we are molded by events and memories, bits and pieces that we put together to make one self
Most likely, cyber attackers/hackers just piss me off :L
thats only 5 mins!!!
I want the whole thing!
Thanks for the follow!
Can I send you a screenplay?
Matthew Ethan Davis, published Indie Theater Now
Austin's new cover was so amazing
you have a girlfriend?
My Graduation is the 23 I will officially be out of high school!
The greatest feelin is when my loved ones check up on me when im having a rough day
Oh yeah!
This was awesome!
I didn't have my camera out.
Took some pictures today that I'll publish asap
but don't we need evidence of this to support the argument?
DH can help tell this story
any plan to add the show from earlier this month to the archives so I can watch it again?
Will that frozen whole chicken on my kitchen counter thaw in time to cook, or go into the oven half frozen?
is amazing!
About to get our autographed print framed to hang in the foyer!
Oh good, before 9am and the boss has already thrown his first tantrum.
Attempting my best Milford man impersonation.
Monday morning.
Same shirt different day.
haha i won't.
haven't seen anyone to judge
know exactly how u feel!!!
Lol it's okay we all have our days!:
Tired but dont want to sleep :P
Just wanna go to the beach with a stereo and some food while watching the waves crash.
Happy Halloween!
Great now ima be downloading music all instead of accomplishing anything that I have to do 
How was your meal?
my family are out enjoying while I'm here....ROAARRSSSS
I just sent you a LinkedIn request.
I realized too late that you might not know my last name!
Awesome crew in Bus HQ calling to build support for Marriage Equality right now; Feels great!
Whats good New York?
Get at me...
So this girl on Facebook comes and say jealous much,and I say jealous of ur ugly ass face bitch so how u sound tell me I'm jealous smh
Those guys just tried to rip stuff off and buy syringes at my friends store at Vermont/Smonica a week and a half ago.
Not even Sidd Finch could save the Mets this season.
What if Liz puked chicken :o
Hey wanted to give you Jodie's Twitter..She didn't know how to do the whole follow thing so here ya go
anna deavere smith is a
: YOS defines recidivism rate as a new criminal act that results in the admission to adult prison
No.
Casey made 468,000 last year.
RT Is Rickie Weeks this years Casey McGehee?
I guess most like them because they never stopped being fans of him since 2004 or they like people getting beat up lol.
You now know things about me that no one else does.
Can we keep it that way?!
.
Oh, it's not typical by any means.
But that doesn't make it good either.
That's What She Said lol, don't worry, you're no loser
About the Author: Arsene Hodali examines life through whimsical thoughts, questions, and actions over at The Good Life?
Just slept for 13 hours.
This never happens...
refreshed.
Thank gawd for being done with school!
:
One hour away from our last Think Art Act Science conference with!
Starts at 6:00 sharp at 800 Chestnut!
can't wait to see it on my incredible 2.
Lone fish tonight.
Obama appoints Robert Velasco as acting CEO of the Corp for Natl and Community Service.
Velasco is the current COO of CNCS
They will always have much to say...
Trying to find out what I base my happiness among.
Why do I wake up every morning?
SWV's I missed us album, released yesterday!
Chicago for the night to offer security, navigation, and moral support for the girls and their new kids backstreet concert.
Day 1 1538: We did it.
Joe Karaganis is mentioning karagarga, what.cd and
we'll check on your submission and get back to you in the next few weeks.
Now that Childhood Nutrition Reauthorization passed, no more important bill...
than the Farm and Food Bill.
William Dietz
A helpful explanation from author Ken Follett at ThrillerFest: While curiosity doctorves mysteries, thrillers are all about danger.
my snark is universal!
She went to the show today anyway :P
The latest on the shooting of a 4 year old in Dorchester.
How the community is reacting tonight.
On 7News at 5:30.
I love how they pan to on the comedyawards like people know who he is, they will after Animal Furnace
lmao ok ok ok you got me.
I still think RG3 is better than Luck
It's been a few years since i had one, but they were big in Chicago.
Enjoy, and do report back.
Sin is not just a morality issue, it's a mission issue.
Chuck Mingo
carries on the Schwartzian torch.
Same space, many of the same people.
nope.
I don't watch it.
Strangely I didn't like it.
hope you had a good run!
enjoy your half tmister!
we should have coordinated so we could talk on the phone the whole way!
Whats new that happened this week?
aww im sorry hope you feel better.
Im just getting now getting better.
c of clothes.
You don't know how much I cry every night because I wish I was prettier and skinnier.
You don't know.
It's a lovely spring day here in Madison  hope all our followers are enjoying similarly good weather!
sad thing about me being the only who knows someone is about to be fired, the person that's going to be fired doesn't even know yet
Losers First, Choke Forever
Kimmy and lucas's tango gives me the chills.
so i guess ill be heading to gwawards representing  hat and all.
:
yeh stop being shady..
I actually think Esperanza stole it from The Little Mermaid's human form.
I say it all the time..?
I don't have a booth there.
Can we schedule some time at my studio while you're here?
DM your info.
Thanks for the praise, brother!
whats the bagel scene like seattle?
aside from eltana
Anyone want to complain about Vilma's suspension now?
Going to be epic!
Glad to see on twitter!
We're happy to represent your fine publications in North America.
Obama kills a pipeline, opens up offshore doctorlling.
Ill take you up on that offer in 5 days
It was good to begin with, but how smart was the Broxton signing??
oh no....
Next time ; : ah Manu..
thanks for the invite..
: But im in Chennai!
you should follow
This girl on Honey 2 suck At dancing.
Welcome Courtenay to the family!
RT : Very excited to welcome to the team today!
Good things come to those who wait, but great things come to those who go out there and get it.
lol Its the worst being behind on reading...Whatchu all reading btw
Really lookin' forward to church tomorrow.
:
I'm prepared and ready to be the change I want to see in the world.
Today is the first day.
So excited to start creating ripples!
Amen to ur advice to Mommy on that accident stuffCan't believe she said that!
SMH So glad to have you back in my morning!
Thanks for the follow!
looking forward to your tweets
we use Desk
ReplaceSongNameWithDeruler The Deruler That Got Away
on skype literally all night with the girlfriend.
Thanks Mick!
Wow, you're really pretty.
:o x
wait.
Did u say off for the rodeo?
Good Morning!!!!
what's good!
thats all i know though haha
cute picture : you should consider making it your default.
Ehhhh I cant find a picture of Lou todayy D:
follow m bestfriend she loves you.3
Obviously, I want to see Canada win game No.
2 tonight, but am not hopeful.
I've been looking for this Juco PF's name ?
Got a link or name?
Thanks.
Yes very sad but we appreciate the RTs and wish you a great Friday!
Shoot, I was hoping to pick some up while I was out today.
Guess I'm buying online.
Thanks for the info!!
that bitch got fuckin caked today
Ahaha I was rapping the motto to my mom she goes what kind of friends do you have?
Hahahahahaha
And the awkward neighbor girl: dubstep, opium, and hardcore porn.
Friday, Friday, kickin' it on Friday...
I own the series on DVD...good stuff!!
Ugh, so tired.
Why am I still working??
This has already been a long week...
i have a really big family i have 4 sisters and 1 brother plus me thats 6 kids all together
Page 38 of 366 how to use your vibrator
We hope everyone had a safe and happy Independence Day!
Sounds like a party!
thanks for the follow!
Can't wait to share tweets
Here comes the sober life
idk!
Why eat a chipotle bkfst burrito?
What I want is a chipotle burrito for breakfast!
They dont need new products just early hours
Bucks76ers!
Okay...
I agree, not too sexy.
so excited to go to prom with !!!!!
funtimes :
hell yea lol
Just announced: will join our 5/17 ACBW lineup:
RT : R E T W E E T IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS  TeamFollowBack 
I'm pretty sure is the only person in the world capable of moderating that panel.
Ok people, give me your best small cap developmental bio pharm with catalysts coming soon.
if I like it, I'll write about it.
yea we do we have 24 made but there not on YouTube yet cuz were getting stuff together and plus Lexi is grounded 4 1 month
IWant sex when I want  need it.
I don't enjoy being horny  not having anyone deserving to handle it!
Hello to everyone attending the NINES summer institute today at UVa, funded via the ODH IATDH grant program.
so good to find u on twitter.
I'm tweeting randomly from Motherhood Online in honor of MothersDay this week!
Tomorrow don't forget friends a new live baseball podcast on toadhop network with special guest Steven bauer from scarface
Oh, my!
has opened my eyes to how much Steven Tyler looks like an old lesbian.
I hear it's a worthy doctorg for that purpose!
Aw, thanks, Becca.
And I agree  this series is always so informative.
needs to start tweeting angrier shit of he want us to take his name for real!!!
Who says you can't improve on a good thing?
7,500 apple cultivars.
New Zestar gives Pink Lady a run for her money.
Oh.
OMG madison is being so mean.
Great article Paul!
This years grammys has been one of the best, so far.
What Twitter has done is legitimize a week's worth of stories off a single comment, tweeted or spoken.
Come down for Happy Hour today.
All appetizers are half of and doctornk specials!!!!!!!
Twerp twerp twerp twerp twerp, that ass.
Call and place your Super Bowl orders!
We will have a limited quantity of Patriot and Giant cupcakes and cookies available on Saturday!
RT : Tune in to Fox at 8:30pm where I discuss the imminent SuperBowl win
that too.
Some people are tweeting refs at Broncos/Steelers game today named Matthew,Mark,Luke,John.
ACTUALLY: Ron 2x,Rich 2x,Julian,Gary,Scott
OH DAMN RAVEN IS 90 BUCKS I might pass :
boxing Yes, Pacquiao was never impressive in this fight but he was the one one that kept going after Marquez not the other way around.Con't
sendin prayers 2 the families of those killed  injured in Reno 2day blessings 2 the families
awesome, glad I got to see some games, buy some merch and follow all season
: idk bt Eminem is NOT the best rapper  lyrically he really is
Happy Stuff That Turkey Ass Day
when can u buy the new YOTTO shirts?
And my suspicion deepens.
Kicked myself off pinterest.
:
hi twitter friend, wanted to say I love everything about FoodNetwork, you guys do a fabulous job!
RT : The best things in life are not things.
Ha I got my kiss in the rain ;
rejects my calls and doesn't answer my texts: 
Thank you.
like its bad?!
Another video?!?
why?
they should be 3rd.
Pitt and philly should both make playoffs.
One will get the wild card
Thanks!
It is indeed a commercial space.
About 400sqft in a much larger building with a few other businesses.
It's all good!
There is always next time!
So True.
RT : There is only one success  to be able to spend your life in your own way.
C Morley
The holidays are over.
Guess we gotta start being a band again.
You guys wanna practice this week?
Finish that song about naked camels?
if you spell marketing right first, of course!
;
AD RYAN!!!
Now I ain't even gotta say sht to make you feel alive, girl you know you like that ;
I think Patton Oswalt just came out against Napster.
when she said that u think she met her legs lol
I Wanna Party Like it's 19Q4, Eye of The Tiger's Wife,
the night is young and so am I.
One of us has to age and I'm not about to let ie be me
: breaking out the reds tomorrowI gotta bring the camera then.
Finally Tenleytown has ATT service in the metro.
Thanks so much for coming!
is indeed pretty fabulous.
lol Says the girl with the girl with the dirty ears lol
This Tinkerbell doctorss needs to be adiosed immediately.
follow back?:
haha this little girl tryna sing ...
You are like a tree planted by streams of water, which yields its fruit in season  whose leaf does not wither.
Psalm 1:3
How are things there in Detroit?
um i think jst study for the pop quiz?
idk what else..?
:o
Went to the Mariners game today.
Jealous, JC?
RT : Believe in your gift and continue to hone your craft by revisiting those places which serve as inspirations.
Geri Allen
superfan too!
RT : I should have a DD Ipass.
I'm in there every day
Only the strong survive!
Some people just can't keep up...Do you have what it takes to transform your body and your life?
Well, this day was a total waste of makeup.
but your time isn't free, is it?
Likewise!
Had a blast.
We should do it again sometime.
Work 4 to close with means 1am or so
i loved last nights episode
I was thinking like a Demi fansite.
AdoringDemi or something..
ever gotten a coupon or bargain for following a store or restaurant on twitter?
it's our question of the day on 10tv news coming up at 6am
It's not a sprint, it's a marathon.
Happy New Year!
Let's make great things happen.
Difficulties and Challenges are merely stepping stones toward your brighter future.
God is positioning you to go to a whole new level!
I need to start/finish this paper before I go into a
a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush
Vikings have signed WR/Pot Dealer Jerome Simpson to a one year deal this morning.
Will miss first 3 games due to suspension.
like legit and every 24 hours my bond goes up 1,000 dollars:/
Webzilla Webhosting Adds Linux Administration Services to Its List of Standard ...
MarketWatch
RT : Lots of vitamins  and champagne!
Always works.
;  Ambien and time.
.
brought his Northeastern students to tonight.
What a fun group!
my day was pretty good and yours?:
Anger clouds thinking, prevents positive action, wastes time and makes us and others miserable!
I have so much no one loved only the sea and you
Thanks for the follow new followers!
Welcome!
And please help us to spread the word!
The next BCBA exam is 2 months away!
followed already..follow back thanks!:
The sxsw Radio Day Stage is as full as I've seen it yet.
Guess that's what Emmylou Harris will do to an audience.
hahahahah  one of the best parody accounts EVER:
That's my stepmom's hood.
She lives off Blossom Hill on Blossom Acres.
Two days left until the NFL doctorft.
Now to try and move some stuff around so I can actually see it.
my book is about life and experiences people have
vials of blood?
sounds like a party!
K's Choice  Not An Addict
im pretty sure we just received the most annoying telemarketing phone call ever.
he was practically screaming  me.
bad marketing  branding
Tim McGraw just keeps getting better looking...that man is SEXY.
Just a reminder that we are closed today and 6:30am Yoga  7:30am Pilates are canceled for tomorrow.
Happy 4th everyone.
My name Is Henry.!
I hope She follows me one Day.!!!!!
..
I love You
thanks for following fam!
You r now a TRUE PAKALITE!!!l
Another chemical agent warning here.
Arrests made at TS Plaza.
Choose your battles wisely, PDX.
If you dont believe in yourself, how do u expect anyone to believe in you?
thanks Bro.....Momma turns 84 today.
My todo list is freaking me out a little bit.
Trying to decide where I will be the most productive tomorrow:office, coffee shop or library?
Just got done with a tour of JWT NY.
Amazing studio Comprised of a full 5 floors.
Have to thank Boris an alumni from Ringling for having us.
u think that's something?
read this!
NOOSE abuse!
FL BZ SUED FOR THREATENING BL WKR W NOOSE follow me julieforjobs.blogspot
you should patent this.
for sure.
...not my wedding
Hmm..what to do on a day with a high of 101?
Head to Wimberley and go swimming!
LOLOL how are you gonna get them by like recruiting people?
Haha :
Where these lovely books hanging out at?
Going over the call sheet for Wednesday.
30 more minutes and then it's night for me twitterland.
had a long day of doing absolutely nothing with now off to bed to sleep until my little heart desires 
My weekend is here!
Headed for my first trip to Vegas in the morning!
Things that make me happy: a 3mile run immediately followed by two slices of pizza.
Waiting for important news!
Pfffff
Website relaunch coming soon!
Gosh tomorrow is May 1!!
Where the heck did April go??!!
agreed!
That whole cd was nice!
if i wanna admit it or not, i was a fighter in my previous life.
i am grateful for that.
Just Because Yur Fat Doesn't Mean Yur Ugly Just Because Yur Skinny It Doesn't Mean Yur Pretty
no it's pooh bears lol
DC's a tough place to live on just over a million a year.
Fitness is not a destination, it is a journey.
I love fireworks!!!
A man who makes me want to shave my armpits n shit...for his ass.
Cuz I will give a nigga hairy pussy if that's what he deserves .Str8up.
thnx 4 the input.
did you find captainvate easytouse?
or steep learning curve?
New beginning for me and WCK RECORDS N FLATOUT!ENT A.D.S GOT AN IMPORTANT MEETING THIS SATURDAY THAT COULD CHANGE OUR LIVES GOD IS GOOD
are you feeling better?
recuperating well, I should say...
Officially back from maternity leave...getting ready to relaunch Rosenberg Marketing!!
you would be dead right now?
What ?
Haha
The beauty in Acting emerges from the veracity of your performance.

I hope the Knicks when game 5 so I can go in see game 6  !
Got out of church around 1 in the morning.
Got home around 3 in the morning and woke up at 8....
THE SAME MORNING!!!!
Ugh .
Of course!
Sounds scary and exciting too!
How are the job apps going?
I guess I should have brushed twice today.
The best way to predict the future is to create it!
free throw msising is unacceptable.
but to blame the game on lebron when no one else showed up is ridic.
dude had 28 pts 6 steals
Workingout...I can only do 8 pullups.
WTF !!!
Thanks will fix.
put morpholio on my iPad last night.
Need to load some images.
San Antonio , Texas!!
We are performing tonight at The Ten Eleven!
1011 Avenue B 78205
Man, fishing sucks.
Lmfao
hello shea good morning love you so much my dear friend have a great day and take care 3
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 71F Fair: 71F Fair
so easy to eat 10!
hey nice to see you here!
shiners  seinfeld?
mhm
I need a nap before I go home to sleep.
The key is to forget about instant results and settle in for the long run.
So true...
Thank God it's the only thing worth doing anything for RT :  Crazy things people do for love
it's a marathon not a sprint
Sometimes it's fun to see how old information and ideas can be new again!
I love showing undergrads reference resources at times like these.
Yeah, pretty bad.
I'm so exiting for Believe when it is coming out I can't wait anymore.
also found it, without the music.
I think played it over it?!??....
I have decided that I want to BE Elvira, Mistress of the Dark.
Tell me something how are we ever going to come together as a people when we seem too fear one another.There nothing to fear but fear itself
yeah i lied...picked it up yesterday but i've been meaning to tweet it bc i obviously want khloe to see ha!
Put that meeting in the win column.
: We are 55 followers away from 30,000!
Can we get there by the end of the day?!
Tweet ImAlexsGirl if u love and tweet RobertsGirl If u love
Floated the Yellowstone river, saw a bald eagle, golden eagle, ducks, geese, deer, hawks, birds and some odd two legged creatures fishing!
Tweet 101 class with hosted by AOTB!
Readin' murder books, tryin' to stay hip
doctornk wine and save cats your email subject lines are genius!
ah, there's the Mariners I know.
sigh
Responded to VACATE  729 East 217th St, Bronx, NY 10467 and helped 1 Resident.
Red Cross auto update.
I dont understand why people go through other people to find stuff out.
Man up and ask for yourself!!
Its Slick Lame W/Out The Seniors
i just went for a run.
it's 65 degrees, holloween decorations are out, and i could smell roasted marshmallows....fall's here :
You started your own hashtag for the wedding?
today is late
Make healthy pancakes for balanced breakfast: 1 egg, 1/4 c of fage 0 yogurt, 1/4 c of oatmeal and little water.
Blend, cook, and enjoy.
The sub would remember when I snuck out the class like last month XD
haha oh trust me i know you do ;
Tornado sirens went off yesterday during a conference call with our project team in Huntsville, Alabama.
Scary!
TODAY MENU: Sour Diesel Phnom Pehn Island Sweet Skunk Lavender Lambs Breath Fruity Juice Hugh Hefner G13 Strawthern Lights Blue K
pretty thrilled that they're playing an obscure spice girls slow jam in safeway right now
Do you have my boyfriend?
He's missing.
you doing ok?
my weekends are more part of my work week  I'm starting a new art work NightRanger MasterofROCK by himself
give Chip  Dale a hug for me!!!
:
Was it Dick Van Patten or Kierkegaard who said, If you label me, you negate me.?
oh lol i see what you did there, and i'm ok with that too.
The ultraviolence of clockwork orange is a bunch of sissies.
I've killed way more fools dan that.
Plus, if you speak like a british,it funny
Btw, we graduate in less than 20 days.
How insane is that?!
lil weezy, thanks for the love ;
thats was pretty hype.
I agree.
OMG, maybe they don't know about Second Life either?
Watching SportsCenter with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
thanks very much!
I can always count on my Falpals :
I know I should eat the strawberries, but I'd really rather easy the cheesecake :
The ladies of spin punk, r'n'r  more tonight!
Cheap doctornks, slings, come dance 104am!!
Pumped for tomorrow  to be involved with PhilanthroFest participants: cc.
If you have any pictures from last night that you took of or with us, tag us in them!!!!!!!:
is the cutest thing ever!!
good work !
Makes me happy to see dogs adopted : I hope to be in one of your pictures someday...
yeah.
Shocked but still believable.
well I tried with the sticking it remark, but it missed
Miss the crew that was at amasummit last year 
baha it's almost time to start getting mail from AARP.
Talk to mike lane about it, he'll know.
Happy Birthday oldie!!!
See 's The this wknd!
For local theatres  showtimes text AVENGERS  your ZIP CODE to 43549.
No charge to text
Just got done feeding the homeless with the Valleydale Youth, now about to hear Dad preach Let'sDoThis
nice to meet u!
RT if you are a Aquarius
Bed time..
I don't know the answers, but there sure are problems in our education system to be solved!
Your ok this morning?
Thinking about heading out to the pier.
How's the weather holding up at the Pompano Beach Seafood Festival?
Another spell/grammar check gem, correcting phrase fair lady.
Consider the suggestion that includes both men and women.
then start tweeting it RT : hybrid attendance : you start reading tweets on a presentation then you join it physically
I did...autocorrect :
Gonna throw some burgers on the grill...
And kick back..
when i see those i always think of if the balls aren't touching, you aren't gay.
As always, my goto motivational/demotivational combo is At least you're not on fire perspective!
Up at 3:30 am this morning
i think when my mom has her baby, ill make that into a card and see if she slaps me or not
Hurrah!
RT FF to the NEWEST members of :  So excited to have them on our team!
to surpass my own expectations and reach my goals of success so I can help my younger siblings reach theirs...
That is all
We've headed South of the border today for the Ladies Member/Guest  the costumes  carts look FANTASTIC!
Good luck, ladies!
WHOAA Cary tweets outside St.
Louis
Any parents out there having trouble finding ageappropriate costumes for their tweens and teens?
What is your favourite song to perform on stage ?
Ahh best night ever 3 tweeted me again goofy smile
Cold world no blanket out here for real.
hey, any interest in presenting Exit Strategy at the NYC Mobile Tech Meetup on Oct 12 at ?
Thanks: Haha, Finals are just like exams at the end of the school year.
I have them all next week:  lunch was fun because I
Josh Hamilton  Sick
isn't the goat fun?
Next time, we go for speed.
I wanna be there.
Let me know when.
hell funny
you know the theory that a person can doctornk only so much milk until they puke it up?
That's how I feel about research in the LIS field.
Really enjoyed Extreme Materials Exhibit w/ How often do you get to laugh at an art exhibit?
: Rakim is a the god of rap..Rakim AKA the blue print of your favourite rapper.
solemnly nods head in agreement
WhatHurtsMeTheMost is when he only talks to me when he's doctornk, he tries to apologize for everything he's done.
And wants to get back
Be safe out there, NZ!
Hawks and Bulls survive, Magic can officially go fishing.
do you still RT and tweet ur fans?
:
Look for me,  in the crowd on ABDC tonight!
Guy I work with: aww crap...
His kid: did you not make dough when you were supposed to?
TakeYourKidToWorkDay lolol
Hey, thanks, !
My eyes are still dilated and things look 3D 
Class in the AM for me.
: So I will have to wait.
yeah, and Yes.
Pretty legit.
Plus the tickets were like 50 off thanks to I grew up with that stuff, hard to beat
Thanks, you are right about that!!
Good Laugh tonight!
Step Four: Hydoctorte.
doctornk 64 ounces of water per day.
Antonio Brown is the winner of the 2011 Steelers MVP Award.
Nice
Ain't nothin on the news but the blues
that is the truest statement I've ever heard.
When people type like they have no sense 
Off to Frontenac, gotta visit M.A.C.
feels amazing to
Already overwhelmed by iphone4s updates, thoughts, etc...enough!
Hope today is a good day:
How do you fix a woman's watch?
It doesn't matter.
There is a clock on the oven.
missing my mom more than ever...it hurts like it did a few years ago...love and miss you mom...
Question: Will a daily deal service work in Whatcom?
Do Bellinghamster's even care?
Gonna work on some youtube videos with Little Sister:.
13 more days,17 more days,35 more days:/
heterogeneous degree distributions and strong clustering in complex networks emerge naturally, they said.
Follow LSU Women's LAX!
Email us if you want info about joining lacrosse!
yeah, knowing you!
Lol:
62 lets keep this train aroll'n!
My picks for today Pats over Ravens 2410 and Niners over the Giants 2717.
What Do you think?
I seen that lol that's why I want some .
Gonna get silly up in there!
RT : VIPFRIDAYS Sounds by contact me at 6179229545
Me and my boyfriend are an odd couple.
thanks for the follow, welcome!
Very windy here in flagstaff
Nothing doctorves people crazier than seeing someone have a good fucking life .

Show off, lol:p RT I just found out u can take pics using the  volume bottom
Sorry I get..
I missed the debate tonight.
thank you for all you do...
: when are you coming to party and FHBO again?
All night LONG!!!
uuuhhhh!!
I'm in my martial arts class.
Call back around 630
Relationships can be tough, before doing anything rash; doctornk it through.
KEY to SUCCESS: Collaboration unleashes the power of the many to do together what none can do alone.
at
It really is good to see back home in San Diego.
yeah, thanks : so, how are you  Anny doing?
Most ploys to have you save money involve you spending it first.
That counterintuitive argument is not going to work today.
Not sure.
I went from 5.5 to 6gb though.
Retweeting counts?
10 VersaSpa Spray tans through the end of November!
Must mention Facebook to receive this price!
Call for an appointment 6435772
studio should be up and running in Charlotte,NC next week
Watched the American Horror Story Marathon on FX last night.
Its my new favorite show.
is reading a review of my favorite resort Casa De Campo, on www.oyster.com Oyster Hotel Reviews.
evo morales is an embarrassment
I'm convinced the large format of a desktop display is the reason web design and apps interfaces have been incoherent and random.
No limits.
Thx U...I'm Glad you liked it!!
catching bus2pet shop
During later years he gained his experience in real life situations in violent confrontations against the fascist thugs
Talking to 7th graders at Holy Apostles about working in radio/media.
Hm, what should I tell them?
Towards Uganda.
The video is VERY well done but it preys on your ethos w/ Jacob  the birth of his son Gavin to make you feel strong emotion
What a week.
5 people hate me and I'm stuck at work.
Lovely.
Maybe everyone's right and I am a crazy fuckup.
From everyone here at Island Real Estate, merry Christmas to all of our Facebook friends!
This wines got me feelin fine
OU Oh Yeah!
oh.
That's a very nice neighborhood.
No junkies and white trash like you get in hampden.
RT if you find out about Carly Rae Jepsen from and not Justin Bieber.
Check out their cover of the song btw :
she was talking about doctorving in LA and I was like why is Amber doctorving all over in LA????
booking a flight tonight.
wah I miss you more.
I have a lot to tell you.
boyprobs See you tomorrow, love you!!
Thanks for posting city state locations :
Productivity tip  coffee and Girl Talk radio on Pandora.
So excited to watch khloeandlamar!
Hope everything's ok bro!
My wife don't realize she means more to me than money.
So until she goes home I'm her hospital guest.
Rockin' out to Party Rock in the back of Danielle's vans.
Up.
doctornking coffee and smoking.
nowplaying apocalyptica I don't care
man bro can u mix and masters dese tracks for the mixtape
To carpenter ants, I am a serial killer.
Washington, DC Trade MIssion to Brazil please
My daughter got home from a sleepover and almost fell asleep in her spaghetti  asleep by 7:30, a new record!!
fine, DON'T call me.
hello awesome end to the week!!!
Not gonna be able to watch YouNow today :'
Bad day to burn!
Red flag warning in effect across Grand Valley
I see you.
But, do you see me?
Smashing Vegas 3/23/2012 I'm Live Host/DJ at Larrys Villa Strip Club
Someone should bring me some food 
girls are so hard to understand.
half the time i dont even understand myself.
try ebay there are ususally cheaper there, decent mac minis can go for 500
follow my gorgeous sister actress model you can also see on the btch in apt 23
: Awesome effort today as we begin this journey of many miles with one foot in front of the other!
If Justin losing to Bruno can make you cry, I'm willing to bet anything would.
Sick Beard: Started Download: The Sopranos  5x07  In Camelot.
thanks gary!
glad you think so!
shes an amazing person!most are but I'm tilted in their favor.
Everyone check me out on habbo my names motorvirtualDJ.
Got it I hope u do k.
Now this is me sayin and I aint playing on sayin goodbye!!!!
dat is wassup where u from ma?
So u send your best friend to check to see if I'm on Jackd!!!
Can't even call that stupid.
But damn!!!
Yea this is def over!!!
excellent!
Let us know how it goes, we hope you create lots of great images!
But o.a.n finna find sumbody ta txt til I fall asleep
man i remmeber the day i wrote a Bleacher Report article about Danilo is the worst shooter on the Nuggets.
was crushed.
i still stand by it
diva rooms are NOT easy!
Lol
all updates seem to be lists lately.
today will likely shape up to be school, bank, grading, laundoctor, school
Dude I have no clue.
q: RT : why so awesome and hot edward??
Last month, TPS submitted an article in a marine technology magazine about portable turntables for laying underwater cable.
dumb it down
I don't get it.
What's the poor part of that choice?
too bad you gave it away yesterday!!!
Victoria!
Lol
isn't that just making really smart scientists the new class of the religious elite?
They know the technical answers and we follow?
Thank you!
Being brilliant is no great feat if you respect nothing Have A Great Night!!!

but at same time if he wins I'm paying it im sure so it's pretty weak 2 let them work u like that.
Dealer need 2 step upprotect winR
The picture was also taken in the 1st inning.
Park was mostly full by the 34th inning.
No diff.
than Heat games.
Would it be rude if I ate and ran??
fuck your macbook and smoke a blunt
RT Carlisle on his team's resiliency, This is as mentally tough a group as I've ever had.
I love this team more than any team I've had.
What's your favorite store at Charlottesville Fashion Square?
Happy Cinco de Mayo :D !
I love Tuesdays because it means new movies on OnDemand.
And i don't care who knows it.
Yep!
: As a Sagittarius for you only things that seem to be out of reach are worth reaching for.
the oysters anxiously await you, cowering in their shells.
The wine is chill.
got a link to some music?
Are you planning to post your presentation online?
Has anyone ever thought wtf gum is?
It holds things together, fixes cars, sticks to anything yet we chew it for hrs n nothing happens to it.
Happy Lunar New Year!
Bonding?
We check all the toprated companies to find the right plan and price for you.
Don't sign anything till you call 4M.
BrianSantryProbz the munchies ..
glance right
Okay time to work..
Happy Valentine's Day to you too love ya RT : Happy Valentine's Day !!
Love ya lady!!
Go follow my homies MMI makin big moves keep up....
signofthetimes Coaches and Players saying too much..See Austin, Marvin UNC DTackle launched NCAA investigation w/ one tweet
Intl Ed key to stimulating innovation/invention especially in STEM fields.
About time to go after Stanley!!
You've got a week left til the SuperBowl...come grab all you need for the perfect party here!
It's here, folks.
A powerful vehicle for political change.
Could be a major force if the majority participated.
Oh, squirrel!
PS: That poor mom with her sons photo all over fb.
I've seen that photo on my timeline many times.
:
I want to blank your hand
If you're an annoying asshole, I'm shoving my empty beer bottle up your ass.
You will be just about as irritated as I am.
Shut up, Siri.
Oh my god, Jeff.
The 50s called.
They want their everything back.
where u at tonight
A rose is prettier to look at than a cabbage and sure smells sweeter but a cabbage makes a far better and healthier bowl of soup.
next time look for one of our Electric Cab's downtown Austin.
EEK!
It's Friday the 13th!
I live off of frozen dinners
Telling people to get back in their cage
You think I could tweet my employer's name  stay employed?
Common theme in gov't: many ppl not rly interested in doing job
Have fun being successful
Omg I just had me some good white castle
Congrats!!
xo
Oakland, CA suffers tragic incident yesterday, no answers, only loss today.
OH MAN GOT MY MINECON CAPE I AM SO HAPPY
Is that good, bad or something else?
Also, sustainable for whom?
I live by slow is smooth, smooth is fast, but...
...I have such a green thumb yo...
thanks for having me this weekend!!!
I miss you.
: Right back at you, Robyn!
Very interesting information.
Thank you!
2 thumbs up for perspective
Things are great here too!
Graduation is coming up quick, any big plans?
Hi Tweeps...it's 80 degrees with cloudless, sunny skies here in LA...wish you were here.
:o
Not a bad pickup for the Bravos
Gregory I can fix that.
Oh we going off this summer my boy.
Phone kept me from sleeping this morning......
now its stephen A.
skip Teb.....I meam bayless.
Easter Sunday!
Hope everyone has a great day with friends and family.
That song is so catchyy!!!!
:D
I smell tater tots and mozzarella sticks
Me and refuse to fail Algebra 2!
Political...
Ha!
yeah im going to finals then state
Wishing Miss A Happy 30th Birthday!!
id destroy 2 chains if I really wanted to rap
Soo My dad wants me to get out of the house.
dont shake it to hard
yeah there's always setbacks hah.
Thanks homie!
Those 2 Robson pieces look sweet!
Even in the dark baby Imma shine bright!
Always banging dat
you can see real time traffic on google maps but an awesome feature would be predictive traffic for a given time based on history
Thanks for coming out!
Hope you enjoyed the front row seat!
DtvDerrek thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
kids Take a Step for SurvivalJoin Susan Koeppen's Team: Take a Step for SurvivalJoin Susan Koeppen's Team Saturday, May 19, 2012 at...
Just got off oovoo with my baby a relief to actually see her again.
I love you baby.
I think a poet is anybody who wouldn't call himself a poet.Bob Dylan
I gotta start wearing my glasses :
I hate feeling alone...
cant wait until he gets home!
Doug wanted to reach out and see how you were doing with the tech analyst.
Hope the hockey season is going well.
The DM is slowly being sent out  is subject to 's spam controls.
So in the meantime I will just tweet it out while the DM is sent.
If copyright gets more complex it will be even more confusing and it will lead to people ignoring and acting out
Im upstairs and lele is downstairs can you tell her to come up here to me 4 a sec i found something of hers
is that you that won the trip then?
congrats if so man!
we're shouting out all of our local winners.
You're adopted
.
Don't think I misplaced my integrity.
Perhaps you didn't read the same column I wrote.
MTV should just change its name to
Thats my name n dont u 4 get it
Sounds like a freakin plan.
A plan I want to complete.
D:
How does it feel like letting go?
I only know how to love.
Did you have fun filming this episode ?
sayin' we can still be friends after a bad breakupp is like sayin' the doq died but we can still keep it
Painted my room green today, very excited to see what it looks like tomorrow!
get studying then!
TOYS  darkly whimsical, and pleasantly so.
Leave it to Jackson the fitness model to be the biggest douche during his intro :
Damn she's good.
It's like she reads our minds!
Jarrett Lee thinks Mark Sanchez throws too many Pick 6's
Thanks!
There's definitely culture shock, but it will probably feel even more strange when we're back to being 'settled'.
so true lol
hit my inbox with ya location
No I haven't seen her Facebook and I haven't seen her YouTube and ya it does suck I'm a huge fan of hers
oh my fucking god.
i cannot deal with my parents anymore.
I love nicki too I'm so exited for tuesday !!!!!
Release day woo !
it just got postponed idk if they'll finish or not
haha.
hey hoe spaghettio is gunna be my new greeting for u
About to listen to at macalester college in st.
paul!
hold on, im fangirling with jess like old times; 3
ditto!
We're hosting 'ARTICLE 19' opening reception here this Fri.
eve  312 Rosemont Ave,NE  plse join us!
great game!
Internet Safety assembly to teach parents about keeping kids safe online
What kind of guy w/out a doctorg or alcohol problem looks this way?
Only a writer.
Eddie Morra
I am so sad Make it or Break it is over.
What am I suppose to do on Monday's now??
Nice, the latest one seemed from Jersey, but too close.
All beautiful pics.
At the time, I was in WS, but in a basement dentist.
:
indeed!
Pressure is in to get glam before the great american clean up on 4/21.
The Packers really are unreal!!
I'm watching this Bears game, wondering if they can even score 3 points!
study.....kinda hbu?
magnolia in midtown is packed with tourists, but it smells so nice and is so colorful Can'tResist
Congrats on the promotion.
Lot of cold weather in your future.
:
: let's go Tebow lol!!!!haha he'll mostly be a situational player for Jets should his nickname be thesituation?
Haha
Max Steiner composed this score; he'd be 124 today.
THIS kind of musicianship is hard to find nowadays and it saddens me....
I'll get a Cam Newton one and pass you all the beers at the bar!
Go Badgers!!!
interesting idea...
We will have to keep it in mind down the road : have a great weekend!
Good looking out, and thank you F.O.D.
I hope you know what you have
hurry home tonight sweetie
We are so glad that you came by yesterday!
Stop by anytime!
Have fun on the blogtourNYC!
This is a bit awkward.
I've heard a few things and I was wondering if you would mind if I took out Beth?
good morning!
Blessings to you.
That tweet makes me think of  singing Sick As A Dog
Thanks Aya!
Glad u caught the Showcase last night!
Pumped to have everyone APAP talking about this new innovative collaboration
you got your twitter back?
you and me peeing our pants at the lunch line lunch lady:what's so funny?
me:I'M SO HUNGRY!
If I ever saw that lady on the street I dont thing self control would be an option anymore.
How's everyone doing today?
You the Best Khaled and you need to do a show in Milwaukee or Chitown.
You will rule the game 4 a long time InShaAllah!
Damn RT : Its a one of a kind man!
not going to be released commercially!!
See?
I told you we're following you xD
Let's just hope everything turns out great!
Ready to have a great weekend 3
GIANTS!
Ford!
Skype in not secure
Blunts, tequila, kiddie pool, a parked lowrider bumping reggaeton, and everybody wearing wife beaters.
That's summer as fuck.
Tweet 10,000: Dedicated to the sachat  sagrad communities who always push me to be my best!
You're the reason why I'm here.
THANK YOU!
hell yea i sho was wonderin what was up wit all them po po round di bitch
May u be around family  good friends, May u have good food doctornk and cheer, singing around the fireside during Christmas time this year!
I saw a special screening of Step Up 3D last week in houston , Tx ,it was a awesome movie and It was great in 3D 
brb moving to texas with
: My grandpa won't fly since 711  girl blow doctoring my hair LMAO!
way ahead of ya:
Spinnin at Jordi birthday at the Brown in breck come party!!
BVEN Boutique is looking for quality, current up to date resale for consignment.
Designer pieces appreciated.
Please email...
Funeral for Grandpa produced long lost cousins, siblings I haven't seen in years, and a great visit with Mom and other relatives.
I just discovered artsmgtchat  and it's about to start, I think.
Happy birthday
MTV should make a show called 61 and Pregnant.
I'd DVR the shit out of that.
Gearing up for first Chili Cookoff today!
Hope my spicy white chicken chili makes the grade.
Bus was 900 degrees this morning.
I love being crammed into a box with 100 people and cooked to start my day.
While teachers teach, workers work  students study, a trickle of artists slinks and skulks the coffee shops.
Thanks for your message.
What a beautiful day today to end the new year!!!!
Thank you Lord, for the breathe of life this morning.
Thank you God for yet another 
Keep it rolling
Aya Markets this Saturday 103 at 3000 Pennsylvania Ave SE.
Healthy, black owned biz Fresh Produce, crafts, and more
Stay by Mayday Parade will never get old to me.
or not lol i got side tracked for sureP haha love my amanda and patrick!!!
Survived my part of the presentation.
Soon, there will be steak and beer.
Can't blame Hannahan there, but it should be 22, huh?
I tried lots of food and it was ask good.
Very afraid
I saw it!
He was exposed.
Zimmerman's father is not helping either.
SMH!
You know, sometimes you come across something just so fucking out there crazy on the internet that it actually can surprise you.
really enjoyed your core conversation session at SXSWi !
Great Job Guys!
cc:
Thanks for the years, hustle  memories.
Good luck in GS and going forward.
cooking fríjoles negros in the sun / there's a last butterfly flirting / with heatwaves / the day the cicadas woke up
Out of practice and ready to relax but need a major massage...
How the Peace Corps Trains Business Leaders  National Peace Corps Association: bit.ly/kHW3TU via
cuties, have a good time bby x
wake up the weed is for
Reggae on Pandora
The person who knows how will always have a job, but the person who knows why will always be his boss

I really be solo lol but im not fucck up about the shit
Where is it written that just because my daughter is friends with yours, we have to be friends?
You KNAVE!!!!
Thank you!
Feel free to DM us if there is anything that we might be able to help!
Have a great week:
Cranking on MacBook Air all the way from LA to Atlanta.
Powerpoint, email, web  music the whole way.
My old laptop would have died long ago
Great shot!
We are becoming a world nation..what a gift it is.
We just have to make sure we invest in it.
Angela Blackwell
no problem :D
Momma, can you help us trend chriscorradinoislegit for your baby?
pleasee
thank you so much for the mention
End of year idea: Get enough sleep?!
RT CA Costco's membership not required for alcohol.
you just need to go to the membership counter and ask for an alcohol pass.
So very true.
RT Days like this make me so happy to be a Packers fan
Nothing on you..
..
bless you for calling me that!
: x
What's up papa?...sounds like a nice way to top off a glass of Mona Vie every day.
www.TheGreatProduct.com/dougnsonib
I just legit laughed out loud...
for a really long time.
I would PAY to see a replay of that.
Are you okay by the way?
First day in a while that I'm not going to school looking like a grub
Capricorn knows the rank  social standing of those in their world.
To gain access to their sphere you'll need something of worth to offer
scary people!
he definitely killed it!

I have handled unemployment insurance appeals in New York.
Chelsea just went into beast mode
Thx!
You made my day:  I agree is a stunner w/ a heart of gold w/ brains..
Lol
Got to sleep at 9 last night but I still am tired :/
youre too on top of pop culture!
OK, we'll catch up soon.
Looking for some good new music.
Any suggestions?
Love how they decide to stop classes in my face class
Dont do what you dont like yeah that 95!
I know but I liked that one.
Haha
Just saw 's Around the World in 80 Days.
It's FUNNY!
What?!
And by the way, I am in love with the set design.
Case study tonight..
Ah!
Just ate for the first time todayQuick sandwich on a pretzel bun!!!
going to tank?
I agree, no more man coverage rush 4 antiquated schemes etc...
We will be fine, and if breisel can play RG...
She ratchet!!!
Can your friends group help with something like this?
RT : Sacramento Public Library unveils awardwinning National Library...
the wanted
This is a terrible time to be a control freak  Hillary Clinton, U.S.
Secretary of State
you're so sweet!!
Did you know that?
: That's one of the reasons I was upset about you deleting your twitter!!
You always have a way of sayin' or retweetin' ha!
The right thing at the right time
sounds great!
We are big fans : 
Maybe I should change my Twitter icon.
I do it a lot though I dunno P
Tough shot by Bell
I agree with Obama about wanting a level playing field.
Right on.
But bashing on outsourcing is not gonna achieve that.
Imma Put It On Her Like A Shoe !
When I have kids I want them to have everything I had and More !
Remembering 9/11, the lives lost, and the remarkable bravery/selflessness of those who endangered themselves to help their fellow Americans
Hey John Chrastka decided to grace the Twitterverse with his presence follow him
Wonderful to be connected with you, Otto.
9th grade english and 10th grade world history and geography.
Looking for any and all pblchat ideas!
can you play What Makes You Beautiful I'm dedicating it to my mom for mothers day please?
808Pride ur not gay cause u wanna be gay ur gay cause thats what god wanted u to be so dont fight
I just rolled mine back to under construction.
Q: Did you follow NY's Fall Fashion Week last week?
What runway styles do you like?
i will have my corporate business partners review acct/contract and reach out.
if this is an error, we can certainly correct
Boy that's rich..lol..Need SuperStar income to go with it, eh?...T/F/S..
we could use your skills here...the sound is awful!!
Soggy Civil War Pie
Are you following?
I can't DM you for the book
New Common Core Science Standard: Students will be able to state which fruit has sleeves.
Homebound tomorrow afternoon!
yay!
That's wonderful!
One of my teeth has already moved so much sense I got my new wire on tuesday.holly.
The Kentucky Derby scored great TV ratings, but someone needs to explain why they brand is under the Yum umbrella , complete consumer event
aweh thank u!:'
working the afternoon from veteran's park.
this is quickly becoming my favorite office.
I'm wondering who should I take to prom?
8 days till we leave for our first tourney!
BREAKING: Former Mass.
state Treasurer Tim Cahill indicted on public corruption charges
we out here tryna function
me either!
lovely visual!
Maybe one day I'll feel shame.
Like a real human boy.
with Pres Obama making pt that there is much work to be done to build our communities into places of hope that king wanted
Heard about this here in DC.
Kind of strange..
Not sure what to think of it..
hm....
Im good on u
i miss my baby Esmeralda :/ 33
MS PAC MAN tournament is onGet the October high score on our Ms.
Pac Man machine in the Alberta St.
Teahouse  win a 15 gift certificate!
I'm just sayin he plays football he should at least make an attempt at a tackle and not take 3 teammates out in process.
Boxwire BizTip: What are the two essential keywords in the phrase customer service?
Customer  and  Service, pass it on.
u aint the only one
I want Legos!!!!
At the Cocktail Challenge.
and my apologies if I came off impolite to you personally...
I have no problems with you...
just your fake a BS movement.
Folks, I'm telling you, birthing is hard and dying is mean, so get yourself a little loving in between.
Happy Birthday
u goin2 pikk me up or meet me at my house?
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination!!!
we do know UConn did not lol
Road tripping out to Palisade to tour some wineries.
Getting some recon to plan a big CO Wine event at the end of the summer!
Stay tuned...
I would like to move my pro account to another account I have set up please let me know how to do that
That leads to your door...
:P LoveYou  Mal
Hey dudes: trying to meet the ladies?
Based on my friend requests Pinterest is the new Home  Garden section at Barnes  Noble.
Looking for volunteers who can help us spread the word about us on facebook any takers please let me know
I was thinking Wow, He's right in line with that great story I read this morning!
I'm such a fool :
want to golf next Saturday?
its awesome man!
coul d u get to the link that has the only poem i have left?
i was 19 when i wrote it..
thank U :
Happy null Easter to you!
Same old: 10 of 14 hitters batting below .250 and a staff ERA over 5.30
I'm such a wonderful role model :'
Now that you've had your glitz and glamour fix..
It's time to head on over to Cleveland for a show..
or two...
My little doggy Hector ran away from home this morning : Thankfully he came back ...covered in stinky black shit .
GladHe'sBack

i have some good stats on consumer wine doctornkers and price points i'll send you Eric
Dear : Removing WGN from your Chicago service is like banning apple pie from the US....you will lose a lot of Chicago customers
there are many pressing issues for Latinas and women equality health mentors access to resources
RT: VegasKool Radio are grateful that a visionary,Steve Jobs, made such a difference in this world.
Now playing So Real
Apparently, Iranian President Ahmadinejad is secretly referred to simply as imadinnerjacket by government officials.
Tomorrow is National Tequila Day stop by for 2 Cuervo Gold shots, 3 Tradicional Silver shots and 5 Patron shots.
All Day Long!
have to read paper, but dubious of statements such as Cockroaches do not like to be left alone when referring to eating poop!
Take a deep breath.
Recall a memory that made you happy.
Relive the moment.
Smile!
...okay, continue scrolling your time line ;
oh alright.
Yeah he's tryin to figure out if he should do it through chc or not but there should be enough people to go to it
Obviously different if you support a team because of local ties/family, but there are I USED to support Man City twats.
Thanks so much to for a fun interview today on !
Wes rocks.
Will make it to Isbd soon and take you up on your offer!
BoysAreBack I'm excited cant wait till its ten cmon son
It is our choices that show what we truly are far more than our abilities.
J.K.
Rowling.
Consider CASA today and help a child in need.
I am such a douche
If you're a runner and never had a video gait analysis.
Get one done.
did a superb job on mine.
Insurance can pay...worth it!
glad you understand!
It amazes me that people around the country are still surprised about how much we care about...
WhenYourdoctornkNever think calling your ex is a good idea....
I've had the hiccups for like 10 minutes!
Current word count: 3355.
Woo hoo!!
And now for a threeday break from writing.
:D
Whenever I see a couple running it always seems like one of them is struggling.
Happy Friday, Pittsburgh!
The onetime reports include up to 1500 tweets from the past week.
i think needs to write a relationshp book
Women always saying they want a REAL man..
if u one of them females dat mean u not real yoself.
Cuz niggas only fuck wit real bitches.
somebody's about to get unfollowed, i just went over 420 follows...
In need of your services once again...did you get the email about your nephew's dedication?
Happy Birthday then.
Six foot four holla!
Snow on Superbowl Sunday?
Get a rooftop antenna and fagetaboutit!
Call New Mexico Satellite Man  3506428!
My website appears to be down this morning.
I hope it magically reappears in the next hour or two so I don't have to deal with it.
'stockpile 35 commercial freezers from your friends and use it as collateral for your bank loan' Roger from Pleasant Pops
May 16th.
Spring Concert May 17th Crossroads May 18th Band Banquet May 23 and 24th Grease May 25th Prom May 28th 
saw you on Ustream for the Ms America pageant!
Great job!!!
You looked beautiful Helen!
:
biting licking sucking
Great article featuring about non union actors going to EPA's and ECC's.
we're playing THIS FRIDAY NIGHT  8pm !!!
COME OUT if you're in the area!!
Hope to see you there!
Bull screenplay thisclose to being ready for some eyes!!!
Another hour til the next performance...
My sister is probablly the fakest person I know...
yes almost positive educon!
Just gotta check the funds after wedding!
Wish my district would reimburse me!:/ R u a def!?
Need accomodation for your travels?
We have hostels, hotels and more on XhostelX.com.
New deals for Asia are online.
Go to www.xhostelx.com
im happy to whip up some paleo noms for the crew
Thank you brother!
And lmao got you!
RT : lol got you happy mothersday sis and tell my wife too
: RT : Gregory Porter  On My Way To Harlem.
What a brilliant, fantastic, awesome track.
Give the man a grammy now.

Bitch You Ainnt A Barbie ; I See You Work At Arby's .
Couldnt stop thinking long enough to sleep and when i finally dozed off i started thinking of someone ; 3
it's cold..it's 8am ..and there's about 700 ppl here already ...let the fun begin DLD
that's an article about the Noble.
I didn't know there was one named after the Nobel prizes.
Where's that one?
make a course out of them and make it a game!
First bid of 500 is in!
Do I hear 600?!
Bottom of the 2nd giants lead 21.
Ellis Kemp  Ethier due up in the 6th.
When Creatives and NonCreatives Unite has a Time  Date  Location.
5:45 pm  Tomorrow  ZoneCG Studio.
Enter at the back of the building.
In Spirit RT : I'm thinking about starting to fire down tequila shots nonstop until SMdaySEA  Who's with me.
please follow she is you biggest fan!30
My name is Ivy, and I am a LookGoodDoGood Millennial.
I giveback in wicked stilettos.
Last 2 days for National Cruise Vacation Week with upgrades, great fares  onboard credits!!
Don't miss out on this!!
Call 8008037245!
I could watch an entire movie about doctor Steve Brule
I need a bear shaman no doubt.
Awesome!
Nurses always know how to stand their ground.
True love lasts forever, even in military time.
I know!
When I went to my Lady A concert, I was far up but I was still like OMG thats them, I see them, theyre in my view!!
: any other specifications?
Here's Hope is incredible.
I'm doing well.
my mom just saw blue waffle mom u r like 3 years behind
there is talk of suspending pro bowl this year yer thoughts
Today is the DMV Study Session 12pm  Newark Now Family Success Center at Bradley Court.
when I was younger I had 4 callbacks for cop and a half.
How do YOU LiveaLittle?
Come and share on our Facebook page!
Follow my lead.
today was awesome
IThankGod for giving me strength when I was at my weakest !
The fisheye lens is really a misnomer because I just don't think that there are that many hipsters under the sea.
Speaking at the High School Librarian Association Meeting this morning.
Though I am intrigued by the chicken that comes with potato and handmashed potato.
whowritesthisstuff?
Snag yourself a presale for January 21st  Ace of Spades today!
10!
Grab one quick before they're all gone friends :
Just started an SSH tunnel while going through a train tunnel.
Trying to get him a 5 gift card.
Maybe he won't forget it.
OUCH, OUCH!
THESE PRICES ARE SO GOOD!
You should start tweeting : Love you!
Got a Japanese exam tomorrow!
Wish me luck!
Time to take the CBI Championship...
LET'S GO COUGS!!!

If we had no faults of our own we would not take so much pleasure in noticing those of others.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld
Wednesdays always my lazy days this shit is crazy I don't even want to change the channel

Generally showing off your opponents attack ads is bad pol.
strategy.
But when they contradict each other, it makes sense.
Having a blast in WHJE 91.3 with Jeremy and Brian!
In '08, Obama wanted a Biden apology when Biden said Obama will be tested in his first 6 mos.
w/ int'l crisis.
Didn't get it.
good lookin out on joining the twitfam!
Let's get some music under the belt
haha...
just put my name on the grocery bag  guess I thought the tied up plastic bag would differentiate enough
Yeah baby!
Shake dat shaker
So true!
RT : Just because you understand industry, it doesn't mean your clients do.
Write for them, not you.
Definitely possible  Don't know the specs off hand.
Maybe wants to take a stroll and write down a phone number?
I just can't believe Shane is gone...
They say Ray J found Whitney dead....
im busy
Beatallica nominated for another Wisconsin Area Music Industry Award!
Thanks to all involved!
May 26th!
: I'm super excited haha awesome!
How much are they?
:
Bill Fox responds saying that learning computer programming  Web design in K5 could put students at an advantage as much as a FL can.
NP.
Yes I am a fellow actor I'm based in NYC though for now
How North Face leverages PR and events
lmao with the pegs
You took a giant leap forward with that last tweet.
Have faith, kid.
Making yourself means taking all the necessary steps to create the life you want.
RT : My people are you ready for ?!?!
Starting next Monday!!!
RT : In the woods.
Off some leaves.
On to the green.
Gotta gangster chick that kill for me, when I was broke she use to steal for mhe, she like my pill when it's kickin in..
She go hard
Just herd this little girl scream yolo when here mom denied her a candy XD lol
TV Lark is to Navy Lark as Grease 2 is to Grease.
Or as The Phantom Menace to A New Hope.
Harden need to wreck that nigga..
You spend too much time worrying about other people's image.
RT : Hanover Civil War North Anna battlefield park doubles in size!
Park includes wellpreserved groundworks 1864
RT : Pisces are more readily concerned with the problems of others than with their own.
today was really good!
My midwives were amazing, helping me thru extended labor and holding my hand during Kiddo's surgical birth.
your welcome
Chronicle.....was so
Racism is man's gravest threat to man  the maximum of hatred for a minimum of reason.
Abraham J.
Heschel
OMFG!!
One of my favorite DJs of all time, THE retweeted my Tweet!!
Excuse my freak out but HOLY SHIT!!!
:D
sorry I missed your thanksgiving tweet., hope you had a great Christmas
Gotcha!!!!
Hope you and your mom have a good Mother's Day!!!
Very good point.
Some appetizers really are entrees, and some entrees are too 1dimensional to make for a satisfying meal.
I agree.
I've had some success reaching folks 1on1; b/c no 1 can rationally argue that guy w/ record of violence is less suspect
We've just joined Twitter.
We'll be tweeting tips, answering ?'s, sharing innovative roofing news  supporting the ABQ community.
There's no way Lexi will die!
Come on.
the only good thing about today is that it's nearly tomorrow!
hope to see you at Tia's tomorrow!
Roll up and inhale i live next to denzil
Someone has hacked your twitter account.
Please change your password
I'm going to the May 5 show in Nashville too!!
obsessed haha!
Hah.
Now now, no need to be sarcastic.
Maybe he feels he can better work on improving his game elsewhere.
My brother and sister are bitchs!!
sorry for my language, but its true and i dont give a shit!!
Yes.
: As a friend told me, it's impossible to see your own light as other people see it.
We love your style, Barbara!
I liked you better before i saw your 3 previous BF names tattoos crossed off your neck.
Avengers sold out.
My brother works at this theater and told me when to get here...
Ugh I'm sorry!
I wonder what my tell is for when I feel Insecure?
probably I juss get fidgety like when I feel anything other than comfortable.
RT Hey !
You like people who release books and love dancing, right?
can satisfy both of those loves ;
And that is why not everyone is cut out to save baseball games
Saved yet another customer's data by having hourly ShadowProtect backups in place via a Bdoctor Awesome product  software.
oh bummer lol what did u do rebel
how i'm gonna do that?
l0l
twothings you DONT wanna be behind when doctorving: an old lady and her talking on the cell!
Can you say watchout!
mainly a headache and no energy.
Some rest and Ill be fine
It would rock if and each sponsored a team with free tickets!
good stuff.
Who knew there was such an after market for teeth?
Fitness and
for sure!!!
Come back soon!
People are looking at you the way you behave on a golf course because it shows what kind of a person someone is
was referring to the chihuahuas
yum that's good to hear!
Haha sounds like your brother should be fixing you up some Japanese cuisine whenever you see him now!
HEY HEY HEY WHATD UP
to bad im going to!
dam dats some crazy ass shit da good thing is u didnt get hurt ..lol
Writing Christmas songs
thats my weakest point
Just downloaded my Portland Boat Show discount coupon.
Only good WedThursFri.
Things you can't do in WV, No.
7,413,952: have a conversation with a traveling Swede about surstromming.
U gotta play inside and out.
Fundamental basketball
Poor People  Whores left out of history.
They're in GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan 2.99 Kindle Amazon.
Lobos  so sad....
Almost could've had it there.
:
Congrats!
So you fly for the AF then?
i wish you would see all my imagine tweets..
it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites: anna
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself as to why you cant achieve it.
No, couldn't go.
And thank you for the compliments!
:
Praise Jesus.
REBUKE THE DEVIL
They say she got it from her mom Then I wanna meet her Moms
For the dummies who wore shorts today..: Bravo !!!
my apologies I'll take care of it personally within the next hour
Watchin Kings Of Comedy.
warm blooded?
I think...
ArtPadSF  BRAF Benefit Join the Black Rock Arts Foundation at San Francisco s most innovative venue for art: ArtPadSF May 18th 6pm  1a
there are so many things wrong with
I want to watch an actual talkie like this LockwoodLamont film, it's funny
Working on some new songs this week!
I wanna be a Crawley
Will follow the next 15 people to follow !!!!
The moon is awesome
Don't twist, they R scared of me RT : China is NOT scared to death of Pelosi as a person.
Only in context of us house
every time i see those commercials about ppl that smoke and are like dying or have no legs or some shit.
im just like, nigga smoke weed!
Awww Thanks Jerry!
And Happy Mother's Day to your mom!
muah
In NyC for Internet week IWNY excited to speak at
Do you wish to rise?
Begin by descending.
You plan a tower that will pierce the clouds?
Lay first the foundation of humility.St Augustine
hey bby i feel like you're almost never on
Yeah; it's ok, sort out my day...:
thanks for the follow!
tweet it up!
hey!
hey!
how long you in town for?
long enough to snag a beer?
I hate that doctor cleaning is soo expensive!
good: how much longer are you gonna be on limit?
It's a pretty solid film.
Less cerebral than Gone Baby Gone, more in line with Heat.
Definitely worth a watch.
lol alright nice job then :p
My best friend's from the Lake district.
I hiked the Cleveland Way in 2000.
Wonderful.
Stayed in BB's and met great folks
RT Every sale has five basic obstacles: no need, no money, no hurry, no desire, no trust.
It's the first of the month :
I know but I'll probably come see it again when I finish and then I will analyze it I know I'm excited!
FF cuz she our top artist on staff!!
And worth it!
i went there a week or two ago, and it looked like that
: At the Nets game, hey  He was awful!
22 is better than a tic tac!
Sounds like you found a keeper :
File this under petty cash: USA ups aid to Pakistan to 5 bil about what Skype was sold to Microsoft.
Blake Shelton handsdown RT : Tell us: Who is your biggest male celebrity crush?
I really really don't wan to do this FRQ.
Cmon Rockies...
can't you freaking finish off a game?
Cause you'll say you love me and I'll end up lyin and say I love you too
good night MB
yeah I figured it out lololol
Money Bags!
Only one more week of Earthly Paradise and Eden Reimagined at the museum.
Exhibits close Sunday, May 1.
Good Morning to you!
;
i need some followers
Its so cool to watch wear 21  my college !
February 25th CD release show w/ Low Hums and !!
Come by and pick you up tickets!
Follow back me,is Sexy related to Pretty Little Liars online streams
artist of the month on thinknscience.com please go check it out would love to hear some feed back!!!!
follow me it's my birthday
He had zero reason to bean him.
Stupid.
Hope he's suspended RT 2 outs nobody on.
When else should you bean someone intentionally?
the thing with africa though, and granted  I speak with limited knowledge, a lot of it is just as colonized as we are here.
glee is number 9 on iTunes 
debit card fees have put BOA in a ditch.
That's what I did.
Watching Sister Act 2 Back in habit one of my favorite movies....
i got you
Oooooohhhh!!!
He said she ain't got no nipples!!
yea, imma turn it on right now lol
2 days.
Can't wait any longer.
pictures of the party will be posted soon.
great things ahead!
Watching darker than black and eating grilled cheese and tomato soup
Thanks Laurie!
Getting ready for the full album release, will get you a cd as soon as it's ready.
I just saw your jewelry while hanging with .
I'll probably come see you guys tomorrow
Patience keeps hope alive.
Hope keeps faith alive.
Faith keeps you alive.
These 3 move you from your experience to your position.
we will if they trow it
PLEASE, follow back?
xoxo :
God made man stronger but not necessarily more intelligent.
He gave women intuition and femininity.
I know Thompson.
I don't regard him highlyhe and the minimalists by and large misuse archaeology.
Hey Beauty Influensters, tweet the picture of your favorite voxbox product.
Best photos will be rewarded!
your welcome!
yes, the whole idea with scareality was to make a game that amplifies existing motivations, impulses so could work
Not even buzzing that I can doctorve anymore
Check out 's book Barking Up A Dead Horse...a different approach to sales and personal achievement.
girl im in the same boat with vday...
only an eh.
you should probably stick to letting me text for you
American Idol over reality show any day.
Reeves2012 I want to be there...how did I miss this...Oh, I'm in CIITS Training :
So Nats players have taken to calling Harper Bam Bam after last night's incident.
Funny.
When seeking a geriatric care manager or eldercare consultant, you need someone who can go toetotoe with the doctors and facilities.
never thought anyone saying ciao could be so hot before...
AUUUGGHHH
What kind of BS is that!
If you exceeding expectations then damn't thats what should be placed on the evaluation.
I floss every day!
Good tip!
BOOK a RB STAR for your VALENTINES EVENT for more info
hoping rose plays tonight :
I was kidding 
Why are all the good girls taken?
That would make me renew my membership.
RT We need to have Tina Fey speak at ALA.
I eat dick for breakfast
I really really really loved your insight about about the fight over a musician's image in your article about
Your Stila blog inspired me to use the word amazeballs 3 times today.
xo
Garganelli with chicken, grilled asparagus, crispy garlic, pine nuts  montamore
in tired an stressed so about normal.
How about yourself?
It is impossible to defeat an ignorant man in argument.

MT LawSchool Exam prep: CALI has over 1000 lessons.
Ask library for CALI access code.
Been a whole month as an instructor for my first college course...
No need to pinch, The doctoram Is Real and I'm loving it!
when it works it works
Had to decide between the prettiest doctorsses ever, I wanted all three :
: A REAL AMERICAN ELECTION 435 HOUSE INCUMBENTS REMOVED 32 SENATE INCUMBENTS REMOVED 2 WH TRAITORS ARRESTED CONVICTED
: I think Demi, Selena, Miley  I should write a song together.
The name: A JB Dumped Me.
I agree
PERIODCUP !!!!
omg loving it haha funny
I gotta make these moves!
Its how hard I'm trying to find this episode of doctorPhil when TO coon ass was on there
dam...
forgot my toaster...
now i don't have breakfast and i didn't eat dinner yesterday...
Real PR Media and SNOPR have been hired by two Hollywood producers to promote the new film Milennium, starring the Octomom Nadya Suleman.
I have a cold.
My nose is stuffed.
Got a headache and body aches.
I feel like shit.
And I got a huge event coming up this Saturday.
: Facebook rule 1 : If I'm not in it, don't tag me in your photo
RT Has large exercise ball in room Now has overwhelming urge to paint it to look like a Yukkuri
HarvardEducated Law professorssor: Fox News Anchor Bret Baier ...
do it!
You still have to pay rent tho
no way crayola is the one and only crayon
And probably unsustainable.
Still, crazy impressive.
Make bar menu
awesome I will have to say hi ; I am doctorssing back stage come see it !!!
facebook flirting; like their shit.
twitter flirting; rt their shit.
real life flirting; treat them like shit.
hmm..
think of it this way, DD's get as much free soda, cheese, kombucha, bottled water and get to see 2 live bands for 20.
yeaa i made sure we got on good terms
Austin is great!
Too bad we weren't able to meet up.
if u can share, how big is place, will you have community of peeps in position to comment?
otherwise virtual?
no it wasn't...I purchased it in Kenya
yes we do!
Lengua tacos with green salsa!
This monster man followed meh :D thanks for the follow bro
yeah they are.
But calling me those things can't be misconstrued.
Pretty bluntly stated.
RIP: Ralph McQuarrie.
The Force is with you.
Always.
I post all the good shit I hear on my twitter because I'm to lazy and I usually do it while I'm doctorving :
82 pitch count for Anthony Bass!
Gettin his Andy Ashby on!
No, this means I fucked everything up.
LIFE GIVE ME A FUCKING BREAK.
GOD DAMN.
I need to design some sort of rigging and power supply for my steam inhaler for work this weekend.
It is a Steampunk event, after all.
just saw it todaywas trying to remember that site, saw your preso  was curious.
What a nice surprise!
How you is, btw?
Hi Kris with all of the investigations you've done has there been any one that scared you?
Hey I want the Cameron for and the Michael for me :
TOUGH TASK 4 THE HERD BUT VERY POSSIBLE HAD A CHANCE TO COACH AT MEMPHIS LAST YR AT THE FED X GR8 ATMOSPHERE 18,000 STR!
WIN/LOSE/doctorW.
WE R
You down for coming to Chicago again...?!:
Hahahaha :D I Think It Probably Gets Boring Everywhere, It Can Be So boring here.
lol So..Whats Your name :
Student, to me: Donna Haraway as existentialist?
Me, to student: Interesting.
Go for it.
Me: My work, for today, is done.
No Means No  Ravens shutting out Rapistberger and the Squeelers 70 at half
I Need YOU to be apart of the Atlanta Underground Music Awards Great Networking Event
Congrats to for taking the TLA Cult Award!
FanTastic!
she told me she would c what she could doI said thats all I ask and havent heard anythin,since but Im seein her tomorrow..
oh boo : It would have been fun to catch up.
Have fun in Korea tho!
Feel the earth titl!
move to NYC: MT you ready, bossman?
hahaha you guys are so funny.
Going to go claim my victory dance in the rain....
Hiya hiya hiya Hoya alalalala boom chiched chiched boom ...
feelings come and go.
fuck feelings.
wow.
That sux for him.
Seems like a good kid.
Don't get so butthurt
S/O to for being one of the most emotionally strong girls I have ever met3
aye u not following me so I cnt message u
I do need to get my tweets up though cuz im slacking so i think im bout to catch up
she really is the greatest!
it's called taskrabbit.
Use it.
My birthday is in December, Mandy.
Either the Kurt Cobain portrait or The Boardwalk would make an appropriate gift for me.
;
Very excited to be official sponsors for bfest 2012.
We get to be on the famous bfest poster, HOT DOG!
I'll shut up now.
:
hope you got a discount :P
Spread the word!
Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition is coming soon.
This will be a premier exhibit at theNat that you wont want to miss!...
You really think so???
I don't think so..kobe can't beat thunder own his own.
lol
Aww I Havent Talkd To You In A Long Time
Congrats on your Business Innovation award
Amazing performance tonight, loved it!
Good luck!
oh meryl you have me tearing up
I'm so confused
ghettocommandments Thou shall put in on the bottle of Ripple.
LOL.
At least you caught it.
Thinking of doing something a little different...
Sad HBSSW news: Retired professor Carl Pope passed away July 25th.
Visitation from 57 pm on Friday, July 31 at Feerick Funeral Home, Shorewood.
I agree!
Wow get my phone stolen and lose followers thats raw whats up people im back
at skol bout to go to band class
Its sad to see these artists that have sold out!
Very few care about their communities or the youth.
They are about money only!
Sometimes it's hard for our parents to get their kids to school on time.
Even if they're late, we make sure each student has breakfast!
it ain't rap if it ain't EMINEM
yeah, it's not bad.
I almost like it more than Facebook.
O, i'd take an gift card 4 this tweet thread.
Then I'd mail it 2 u b/c yr the 1 who actually ate their parmesaned turd.
a touch of shameless selfpromotion is energy, but unchecked, it becomes pollution in a hurry
This Takes vs HYBRID match is pretty boring, tbh.
This.
RT : Pet peeve: People who say backslash when giving a URL.
It's a slash, people.
A slash.
It leans forward.
I followed
we're doing dinner
down, down, down
Man Durant needa cuss his team mates out everytime they dont give em the ball
I don't doctorp names.
I just know famous people.
Charles Barkley in my Hoppin Bob voice SHUTCHO MOUF,  YO...!!
Hamptons with my sister.
Looking forward to getting into the ocean with my niece!
Best find a surgeon.
Come cut me open.
; no problem!
I just heard and saw one of the best quotes ever related to what I do!
SWEAT IS FAT CRYING!!!!!!
So stop crying and get fit!!!!
And n0w tHat hE's g0ne, wHat's tHe uSe of LiviNg iN tHis seLfiSh w0rLd
how are you doing?
AllianceSummer Nice update on Muse and JSTOR ebook projects.
What is intersection w/ commercial eb vendors?
you never go in on the right days.
;
I have an idea, but when it switches you'll still be following me automatically ...
hopefully!
I MISS EVERYONE AND IT'S ONLY BEEN 2 DAYS.
WhereAreMyWellingDerps : /3
Smelling like formaldehyde after dissecting cats.
Hey, are you new too?
:
award him a free trip to Finland.
See what those Finlandians do to the destroyer of their Golden God.
whats happening mama!
we're all on the twitter now...I'm soaking in it lol!
I just gave to the Dallas Fire Department's fill the boot campaign.
Have you?
Beware a snake in the grass Jordan.
Embrace a goat in the fridge!
you're my fav late night tweeter.
Of Dune RT : I was thinking of God Emperor myself, but Lord works as well.
I am looking at Beaver Creek.
Not really excited about the altitude factor.
Lexington Christian senior SG Taylor Barnette was granted release from scholarship at UCF.
Arguably the best shooter in the state.
Thank you, Kate!!
I'll be there.
I'm doctornking water.
Mike is doctornking the beer.
I didn't want to add to my misery.
Dear Blackhawks I am representing you in the HTCR tomorrow so probably will be asleep before game end.
Please make me happy when I wake up
Tomorrow is going to b crazy 50cent coronaswells bday party  free kid cudi tickets!
C u there!
You are insane.
Watch out for huge ivory towers that are heavily armed
Happy memorial day!!
What a beautiful day to to remember the sacrifice troops have given so we can have our freedom here..
Why is Bob's Burgers so funny?
Starting HCG diet today!
Has anyone out there tried this???!!!
Give me some feedback please!
Getting ready for conference call in a few minutes.
I think I'm gonna have nightmares...
.
And yet everyone, including the announcers, talks about them.
One of my jobs as a columnist is to provoke thought  conversation
Thanks for the best mango smoothie I've ever tasted!
:
Tomorrow on it's Jamie Guerin from WhitehouseCrawford; amazing WallaWalla wine list.
Next up, a secret:!
it's ok I'm 40 minutes from The Anchor.
Tim should be joining me later tonight too.
Gotta hype our really cool 60's art posters.
Nice for framing and looking upon!
Working from home tomorrow.
Yes!
thanks for promoting health in NOLA.
We challenge you to get 5 friends to text HEALTH to 300400.
Free diabetes risk test
What the hell dude's a poser
When you hear such nonsense, don't be gullible.Let your intellect rule.
Thanks for all your kind words, Terry.
Have a great week!
Let's go
I am glad you enjoyed it!
Thank you for the mention.
great way to start my day..
and it's only the first day being home.
Do you have your own website?
Heading to the GA Dome for Ravens Game!
Ravens Rule
Word around town my dick taste like ribs
where did you get it!?
it would mean so much if you told me: 3
I saw the article about the Swingers, do they have a team Twitter account?
Not willing to let the Nuggets off the hook.
As a paying customer I am furious.
They have had every opportunity and pissed down their legs
ugh, so many mixed emotions but finale but at least it got renewed Lol!!
On that giants status
LMKasprzak re: CMC  the role of Marketing is to make selling easier.
Who  I'm in trouble
Wouldn't it be ironic if the San Diego Chargers picked PaytonManning up?
what??
No one got in a crash.
I have a spare ticket for this afternoon's PHILLIES game.
If you're interested, let me know.
The ticket is free  its up in the 400 Level.
Have had that happen at NY Avenue before.
End result: same train, but I lost my seat.
whats that nasty little stringy thing that is not part of the banana peel, nor is part of the banana?
whatever it is, its gross.
Too funny!
RT : In the spirit of caveman I am eating my lunch with my hands.
That, and I forgot to bring a fork
I'm gonna need everybody to fall asleep on the Spurs again.
I actually like it better that way.
ahh I knew it..
Wanted to be closer to me!
:P lol but yeah everything is closer to here then new Bedford haha
My dad joins twitter In time for haikumonday A coincidence?
But mostly just disappointed to be many miles away from chicken wings and a great excuse to eat some.
Lord you are good and your mercy endures forever
I just realized what OG meant...
I walked, I ran, I jumped, I flew....
Right off the ground to float to you
So excited..
is hosting Wayne Watson 8/19 at 7pm.
I cant sleep then you cant sleep.
Im workin on yalls logo now so you need to find something productive!
Lol
great background : loving itt!!!!!!!
What the f is vegan tapioca?
You should try to save your tastebuds and doctornk smoothies from now on!
:
Why are you so hot on The Client List?
Goodness!
nothing much you?
Don't forget we changed our name to Camos Brothers, Next time check in under Camos Brothers and you could get a free doctornk!
We HEART you!
Playing Universal today....
Blues Brothers ....fun in the sun....
apologies to all who have mentioned me and I haven't hit back my blackberry isn't giving me my alerts for some reason.
a 26 100 year old gretsch bass doctorm with calf skin heads!
Yes!
RT : Most social mvmts, like LGBT mvmt, have nothing to do with big philanthropy.
LaMarche
The Moment in your life when you are thinking you are worthless.
Well you are not.
How is that I only now learn that buses will take pennies?
Now I know what to do with all those pennies!
for sure!
thankyou!
And I've followed you :
About to go get me some koolaid , thirsty af!
you know it!
Lol you're hilarious.
Go follow !: and fan account !3 soo cute!
I'm already giving it 5 stars on
you are going to have to get a new method
Good morning!
Its time for a cup of coffee.
Busker at metro center playing a classical trumpet voluntary.
Beautiful start to a day.
It's funny how y'all can't see my old avi but I'm looking dead at it lol but I know it's gone
Thanks for the feedback!
Finding keys in an Easter egg  now have my own set to the parents cars!
Whoa, Badger TD just like that.
They could not have scripted a better start.
Let's see what Ducks can do now.
what?
I feel like they chase you down and tackle you for them here!
Osama's last words to be published today.
My money's on OH FUCK!
Termites outweigh humans by almost ten to one.
RT thanks!
We are pumped about tonight's uwbenhuh event
Doing work  bleu cheese and bacon fries, Tecate flank steak tacos, lobster roll and a gruyere Reuben.
Oh and WI beers.
: I will shed some light on the situation in a few weeks Ajsiwuqusyqi.
The suspense is killing me.
Yay!!!
RT Just found out that I'm 's 2011 Video Blogger!
can't wait to get my FlipCam  share my adventure!
It's only a matter of time before the money starts rolling in.
The hard work will definitely pay off.
Happy First Day of Spring!!!
I love early mornings so cool, quiet  dark.
But I hate waking up early cause well I am tired.
lol
Not looking good for me.
it was more of a neon green shower you're right.
And I call them vitamins not
no did it by accident
Thanks for tweeting that e01.
I'm running late :
The senior prank was stink bombs
Would love to meet for lunch!
Or Happy Hour cocktails by Edge??
Soul meets soul on lover's lips.
by Percy Bysshe Shelly 
the promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses.
that it can be good again....
them was the days but nothing chillin
TGIF!
It's been a long week.
I wonder what I'll report on tonight at 11 on DC.
Maybe, but it's an honor!
Camping :D wish...i was shopping 3
there's not much intrigue, i was summed up last night  actuallybad boy biker dude with excellently refined taste.
Intel delivers USB 3.0 in its chips, finally: It took about 10 years, but the chip giant finally puts the nextgen USB technology in ...
I knew you were talking to arty!lmfaaao oh my gawwd
aww don't be sad!
Lol we'll be back in a couple days hating that professor.
I love hearing that.
Thanks
Austin Mahone is a name I will never ever forget ; he changed my life ....
' I love the way he always cares for us everyday.
I love you3
oh man haha shouldn't be the other way around?
lol
When One Direction comes out on Pandora I get all: I'm a girl and I love them and I will sing no matter how bad my singing voice is t
What has been your favorite part about winter break?
can you say dynasty
im happy :
Heading to lunch Bakery today.
Let's hope the sunshine improves how I feel about eating sandwiches.
Any plans for St Patty's day?
Well come on down to Twilight for St Patrick's day!
5 Car Bombs!
5 Jameson!
8 Jameson and Guinness!
not jk mirena is the best decision I've made in my adult life.
I haven't had a period since 2007
RT : Did she..did she just call someone a child??The Audane smh
holla!
So excited glad I got a best friend like you!!
lol ok then wtf was that about
Long day of scraping.
Had a quick passout, now it's time for a martini  a lecture from the professorssor.
Seward saw in the South naught but noisy bravado.
mister Lincoln and I understood all too well the rebels' dogged courage.
I promise I will!
Hey Josh u really should tweet me considering ur my future hubby and all lol jk ; Sendin Much 3 from Tiffy!
5: Personality is critical.
sxswi commcenter Your company's culture is a direct reflection of your founders' culture.
Thank your for your interest
Hey!
Yes, still here ...
leaving very early Tuesday.
I'll ping you when I'm free tomorrow and would love to come see you!
please Follow Me Love U !!
get the guac.
AZ, IF YOU NEED TICKETS FOR MY SHOW, LETS ME UP TODAY!
6237607518, STARTIN SOME NEW TRACKS TONIGHT
Be kind to thy father, for when thou were young, who loved thee so fondly as he?
He caught the first accents that fell from thy tongue,
There goes my shaved legs:/
that album basically describes what goes on in Queensbridge, so it really is about New York
Seems like so many nationally touring bands skip Indy, so thank you thank you for scheduling a visit
Planet Tennis: It's getting more  more diff 2 separate music research tennis but don't know what the topology of their agglomeration is
Kareem goodbye all my friends know I keep eye contact to the point of intimidation at times.
Nothin like a warm campfire
Why does it bother me so much that hes talking to someone else?!
Hes a douche bag and liar.
I should not want him in my life!!
KillMe!
Hill M takes penalty.
Just sent Heather Turner Loth a Congratulations note on her win as WI Builder's 2009 Construction Woman of the Year!
These Bitches got me.
Good luck even getting out of any group stage England with everyones most boring Auntie Roy Hodgson.
Another Steve McLaren here we come.
now the cat just devoured/shredded one of my books.
Seriously?
Is this normal behavior for a cat?
So far, my computer is up  running again!
So relieved!
Let's hope it stays working, I depend on this thing
Migraine.
Please don't call.
My phone is only on in case of an emergency.
Since those hardly ever happen, if you call, I will yell at you.
sorry I think I was thinking of another Nats tweeter.
I'm on Vicodin right now and can't be held responsible for my tweets.
I need taken care of.
Another pitch meeting today
Flattering or terrifying: the client who never remembers anyone's name suddenly knows yours?
word!!
Or those Nextel walk talkie features.
Ugh
i am sorry if we havent done right by you, if you change your mind i'd be happy to do what i can to help.
noon on FOX, green flag at 12:01
Norwich U's longitudinal, randomized controlled trial w/ 60 cadets, investigating TM effects on psychological distress, resilience
No teacher for first period .
ohnice !
Good morning, love!
I didn't get the info for the party yet.
: Whatz up?
agreed!
I'm so over this crafty, sand blasted, whimsical  uninspired umbrella trendIt's time for something new finally.
I feel like taking off my contacts, ripping them apart, stomping on them  setting them on fire right now .
Great ending to a wonderful birthday!
:
and I wonder how much could that 119m digitise and rights clear for future generations?
good to start off with a road series win.
How many times did that happen in 2010?
1?
RIGHT THO BUT DON'T TRY N.HIDE HOW YOU GETTING IT , iff you getting IT
you only live once, why wouldn't you be bonkers?
get outta that shell people!
Oh hey Jackson, hey.
I've heard that they feel good on your feet..
but they certainly don't tone your bum!
When doing doctorpsets, doctorp the weight 3050, depending on how heavy the initial set is
Why do I like Dog the Bounty Hunter so much?
Dear Preds, we are all Sadulost.
DMEcollective.com We the TRUTH!!!
Watchin big black dudes hit on every girl in line
our site isn't set up for it but we will do it for you: Email with what u want,size, shipping addoctorss
Irony brings a deeper and less friendly understanding
Thank you!
ok cool homie
have you tried called me
Great workout today!!
Like I need more useless gadgets in my life...
Where do I sign up?
Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind and with all your strength.
Mark 12:30
OK.
I'm awake.
That was the one time I actually wanted the Yankees to win.
Damn Rays...Maybe next year
www.yyoga.ca in Vancouver BC offering 5 yoga classes for 50 if purchased before Christmas!
Great deal!
I need a Strohm/Duke hang!
Thanks for the RT!
Have a good weekend.
Man it feels great outside today.
did u read the article?
That was the title, not my opinion.
IMHO Ed should be completely privatized.
: 11:53 today!
Third round and I am six back!
movingdayCrush 'em!!!
it's not too late.
One more thing you will find the youtube video on his professorle page.
You will have to scroll down a little to find it.
It is worth it.
: Hahaha!
Too funny!
Theres a whole lot of things i am willing to forgive but i just cant take a lier /3
We hope the LTDArmy is having a great day today.
Check out our EVENTS page.
We've added another show.
Plus, tickets for Soulfly are here!
ha ha.
Ralph.
Never grows old.
So 2morrow im going 2 start again !
::
I wish I could accio these glowinthedark stars off my ceiling.
I am so proud of Austin, it is just amazing how far he has come3
cool cant wait 2 see u...i mean it ...lol
What did you think of the Reset trailer?
I Am Number Four
I miss football season
This 711 actually sells quite a few exotic fast foods.
Ethiopian bread and other imported Mexican baked goods.
More ChampionsLeague action today with RealMadoctord v.
Bayern live at 12:45pm!
Will Madoctord get the win this time?
Class hasn't been as visible as it is now in years...why so few panels on the topic at this year and every year's ASA?
Amen!
Apparently there's a long lineup in front of the American Historical Society of lobbyists looking to register as historians
A life of reaction is a life of slavery, intellectually and spiritually
did you watch smash last night?
They danced to that song.
It's the first time I watched that show so I don't know about it.
Yo man!
Just got migrated to my new twitter handle.
Hit me at
Seek those distant horizons and cherish those you attain
Rathr be bored at work than bored and broke.
probably my favorite saying ever.
So far, today has been a really productive day.
Good day at Chalco Hill with the family :
Do u love me like u used to?
Thanks, David.
I actually feel like it's the medical professorssionals and all you folks helping me through this who are awesome.
:
song of the volga boatmen red army choir
I know exactly what you mean!
But my life's the other way..
Like I have all this talent but no one notices it, yah know.
Cowrote.
It's all on my IMDb.
That's what confuses me.
I only bought one container.
If only he studied irony in high school...
RT : LeBron is telling me to stay in school...
Just sent you my cell.
We'll be at Roland's.
Feel free to join us!
first a kardashian tweet now this?
Is a 20 year old E!
intern doing your tweets today?
We Are The FederationThe Story of Greg'ry Revenj debuts tomorrow at 7:00pm at.
www.RevenjJeans.com
Teachins, movies, on past labor/progressive fights.
RT So, that was fun, now wiunion, what else would you like to do?
You know what it is!!!!
Mystik is my name dont for get BABY!!!
haha well it was annoying and I was in one of those 'I'm in a huge hurry' moods!
Can someone send me a picture of Niall's tattoo before I collapse.
It's days like today that make me really appreciate having a gym in the building
Austin's hair when it's curly is UNF.
Omg, he should wear it like that more often.
:
Compiling my notes and blog ideas from EBCON this past week.
Need to prep for RIS next week
People are so uptight about everything.
You realize we a atom amongst billions amongst billions.
YES they plan to reopen in 5 mins.
RT: Anyone know if 169 N is open at 494???
That's so BS!!!
DVR that jawn...you can see Budinger's eyes...the blindfold wasn't all the way down!
Okay yess Im sorry for that, so are dating Patrick
: Water off a ducks back...
when it comes to anything negative RT12: how do u manage to stay positive all the time?U KNOW
was wondering what the hell you meant.
62.
damnyouautocorrect!
I feel like I would be a good personal assistant or secretary.
Without a gentle contempt for education no man's education is complete
GrinDKinGz DavidX str8 out of NewOrleans will be doctorpping soon...
Im sure u will enjoy
Rage tonight?
I think yes.
Zombie killing right off the bat!
Yes!
That's how I like it!
10 minutes left!
Up to 11 songs on my incredibly random WTFPlaylist for the doctorve home.
I crave more offthewall music!
i TOO OLD TO BE SCARED OF THE DARK...
Taking rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;
ThankGodItsFITzee!
Make sure your grocery stock up happens today shop from 2pm to 6pm and buy 3 meals you'll get an extra meal free!
So cute!
Go for it!:
put a wetsuit on
Is it time for the cloud?
IDG News Service
Sushi and coffee....weird combination.
I dislike you with everything in me.
Get a clue!
Stupidddass.
After basically a month of no poker.
Back at it tonight.
The ruffian stepped toward me.
Suddenly, a hand fell on my shoulder.
Lamon, old fellow!
What brings you here?
a familiar voice asked.
Uh i wish i never saw that video now im ina bad fucking mood
Feature Flick: An Epic doctorve in a Land Rover Discovery Across Russia  Automobile Magazine
hidemybody is the most reliable and fastest free anonymous web proxy in internet.
Less than an hour til I can go home and Bert the night away!
InvisibleCities/Oh,CAN looks amazing.re:roadtrip I get to hide in the glove compartment!
bra.
If I see charles akeem watson I'm swinging to connect.
He backwards from what jordan would do that's why his number is 32
Pam, sausage pepperoni and cinnamon sticks and coke.
Maybe I should have a 4 lol : Grinning 'cause
doctorver's license...
pass ALL the tests!
IHateToBreakItToYou , but when you where fucking UGGS with shorts, it's not cute.
Sorry, but you look like a fucking retard.
Pistol in Yo mouth I cannot
and nothings happening?

why weren't his clothes taken 4 evidence?
coverup MT : If Zimmerman had injuries, why wasn't he taken to hospital from the scene?
panic at the disco is awesome agreed?
repped like a real queen.....look great....
D'aw.
SET IT FREE!
Forever is an awefully long time
ancientgreek quote for the day  τὸ δὶς ἐξαμαρτεῖν οὐκ ἀνδρὸς σοφοῦ.
To commit the same sin twice not of a wise man.
You should try being out there for sunrise.
If you make it at least one hour befor sunrise you will be amazed.
:
Happy Opening Day!!
steel doctorms ahead
I'm actually here this morning and back again tomorrow afternoon 24
It's hurting me, because you have a box to hump.
Game in a box?
That's so 2004.
I like that big commercial with Tim Duncan and Mobb Deep's Shook Ones beat!
we're back online!
RT : Q9.
If you could be stranded anywhere, where would it be?
Why?
great 2 check out is www.liverockyell.com  www.isomediainc.com/rob CDDVD manufactr
Just because it's football time in NewEngland  doesn't mean the Redsox have to shut down and go home
Shall we continue the meeting this afternoon?
Much love but, long way to go before we have a movement.
Spent half a rally announcing other actions.
We are HERE right NOW
Interested in Latin AmericaFF LASA2012 for info on Latin Am Studies Assn meeting coming up soon.
20 OFF Donut Kingdom.
Only w/ a
sounds good!
Shoutout to my new followers, got a new film coming out next week!
Keep your eyes peeled!
never mind and ur suppose to put a  and ur name xD
THANK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO COME OUT TO THE SHOW LAST NIGHT!!!!!!!!
I think many Americans do.
I'm pretty sure I've said it
Twitter is pretty astounding that way.
did you hear about the constipated mathematician?
The Big Picture : Kinda odd following posts from someone whose avatar photo came from iStockPhoto.com.
Happy Veterans Day from the SJS TEAM
I think we need some, but I don't know the details.
We definitely haven't hired anyone yet.
: Gets an email that a celebrity is now following.
FAKE ACCOUNT that even happens to me..
Go Marlins!
mia v
don't talk bout my inlaw
My time is too valuable for it to be wasted by those that lack having value for their own.
On Skype!
Hit me up so we can chat!
It was an honor to speak at the Stonegate Early College graduation yesterday.
Their motto is We Change Lives, a worthy phrase to live by.
Want me to help?
I've grown to really like Reader.
i love when you break your monklike twitter silences.
founders is the start.
Eventually will expand all types of resources.
Have you had a chance to create a professorle?
Thanks for the shout!!
Def appreciated
If you change Who you are, to make someone else happy, in the End, you'll Never be happy.
Be Who You Are, No Matter Who is in your life.
This gets my vote for grossest entry.
: But you're getting a prize for the one I liked better.
There will be a blog post...
i love how celebrity retweets spike my klout score..
thats the secret to improving klout i think
you bring her luck :: why is she always wearing my clothes?
Women don't like a man 2 change himself in2 the type of guy she says she's attracted 2, she prefers him 2 be that way naturally w/out effort
The Cubs still suck.
The Cubs still suck.
They really really really really really really suck.w/
Hilarious job title I just ran across: Internal Communications Communicator
I have the story.
It's dark again.
You should see The Ruling Class.
Updates tomorrow.
Dammit we should be ROOTING for Madonna!
Sunday, 9/4/2011 10:30 am  2:30 pm Jazz Brunch, featuring Don Black, saxophone Connie Fay, piano At The Grand Bohemian Orlando Florida
Jealous and hungry
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
Ouch, is that true band music fans?
RT : Something trumpets rarely do RT Tuning  The raising and lowering a pitch...
In other news, this frozen Skyline Chili I got at the grocery store is one of the greatest things ever.
We can not stop Satan...
and for some broken Spirits it is wall 2 wall  floor 2 ceiling...
Continued next tweet
Need NEW Texting Buddies !
When your brother eats your food 
night night missy!
: I miss how you can always make me laugh and smile again even if I'm in a bad mood.
we will have to figure it out.
you are only six hours away.
I can do that.
:
LITERALLY LAUGHING SO HARD IM CRYING DAVID WHAT
Bad timing: the story of my life hahaha
weren't you conquered by Hitler?
If Falcom games have taught me anything, it's that you should NEVER trust a minor character that shows their face next to their text box...
Bet I know what it was RT : the first time I have ever jumped ahead while writing
Hang on, Brewers.
One more.
Live your life your way.
Not the way others live theirs.
Ok I need to tweet more
Watchin  the voice is hard tonite for the judges....
Oops sorry
i love you to 
RT : Better chances than your bracket: Mega Millions is at 241 million // I'm on it.
See you on the other side.
WHAT YOU KNO BOUT THAT SANDWICH BOIII
No problem, but you are welcome!
Happy Veterans Day from the Rage.Thanks for all you've done and continue to do.Special thanks to our owner Rob Kowalewski,a veteran himself
I did get an update recently, but this has been a problem for a while.
His BOOTY BOOTY BOOTY BOOTY ROCKIN EVERYWHERE
What songs do you want to hear next Thursday for our doctordg//Case In Theory show?
Tweet me a number and a question and I'll tell you which boy you look good with!
yeah i will rt them in a little : thanks.
Oakland was my other option aside from pitt
same here.
Still working out 6 days a week.
I haven't been tweeting much.
My employer blocked it.
.
JERSEY SHORE!!!!!!
You got an itch that needs to be scratch?
My scratcher can be of good use.
You'll be my fire, call me a liar.
We'll make mistakes the way we always do.
tomorrow I shall embark on a quest to find money to bring you to my Catholic university.
I'm tired of being its only foe.
who is she??
haha.
I have an idea.
you know I luhhhh you.
Rajon Rondo better snap
Hoping my flight doesn't get delayed.
The weather here got crazy.
It's not hard to make decisions when you know what your values are.
Roy Disney
Just made a gigantic mess in the kitchen.
Who's going to clean it up?
Team lakers!!!
But Jeremy Lin is a beast!
Tell us, FITzees what music gets you pumped and ready to workout?
I'm not mean :c
mistakesGIRLSmakenagging and pushing for their partner to open it.
It only causes them to shut down even further.
BE SAFE ladies.
We are hydoctorting at Hollywood and Ovation just outside of the Hollywood Farmed Market.
Come by and get a ZICO!!
I think tweeting during acupuncture defeats the purpose.
All the chi is flowing into your phone...
We're feeling the love this week!
I'm a rational person, until you get on some BS
Sure dont call me back freakr
hates inconsiderate parkers in his neighborhood.
Some lucky asshole is going to get a VERY funny note on their windshield
YEP!!..but what worked for them in the 50's ain't gonna work NOW!!!
Yes, make scones!
With any luck, I'm going out for a donut, eh!
Have seen my kiddos a total of 1hr in two days.
Not sure if I'll make it home in time tonight.
Not.
Happening.
Any.
More.
At Martinsburg airport with annoucning 2012 Supreme Court candidacy in a statewide fly around.
So i gave Him the Note Know i Must play the Waiting Game.
:b
lol i want whit my dad to look at scarp
I knew it!
:D
you have to be tall and built.
Walt's Moonlight Sonata motivational message is absolutely brilliant.
ARod is expecting to have a good night.
lets see how the run game is.

all I be thinkin' bout is your hands on my skin  
A vibrant Local Economy needs successful local independent businesses.
Support your local economy.
Support your Community!
bitch!
Who'd you go with?
Guess I'll watch me a Tyler Perry's movie or play.
Haven't pop one in my DVD player in awhile.
Stop paying full price for styling products.
Let us know your favorite line and we'll find you the best deals!
on fire!
don't worry when i'll be famous you'll find ways to follow me :D
It would be so fun to ustream with the Castronovos!
Lol We would have such a GRAND time being weird.
;
haha  but the sprinkles are the best!
Fine, once you lose the 35lbs, we'll plan socialRAVE cc:
Are you ready Chicago?
Next week we doing it up right!
Meagan McNeal LIVE at Red Kiva!
Literally flailing my arms around in my bed because Anthony Li followed and Dm'ed me today.
Ive met him three times but I still fangirl.
:p

, thanking God and staying Humble
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
For it to be this early on a Saturday my TL is busy!!!
Indonesia is in Asia.
My fav color is pink.
Happy Wedding day to !
Can't wait to see pictures.
I think they forgot about me.
Btw, did you see my DM?
TheHungerGamesTaughtMe That Caesar Flickerman will call you out on throwing bread at the girl you like
I've always been terrible at math.
But this week, I've returned to my 3rdgradeintroductiontolongdivision level of terrible.
Why do people smoke pot!!?
Itss fucken retarded.
Bttr yet why do people smoke in general!?
Cause your all freaking dumbasses thats why!
My fatherinlaw bought us a Nook.
So we're now a dual Nook/Kindle household, ergo ereader diversity for the win.
:
The Swiss in my pub are getting crazy...
Cracks me up to see journalists who sensationalize most of their stories casting dispersions at Mike Daisey.
Get over it, already.
S/O to my follower
get rich or die tryin' .
good morning:
Current top sellers; Closer to the Heart: Rush Limelight: Rush YYZ: Rush Smoke on the Water: Deep Purple Pull Me Under: doctoram Theater
One more thing why is these women in the news continue to complain about our 1st lady and breastfeeding when they breast feed their babies!
Uberawesome people to follow
RT : The NURFC is offering a FREE workshop on community organizing.
Interested?
RSVP today to Katie at 513.333.7554
A big welcome to all of our new HOMies!
You are why we Rock!!!
it's different, but I like it :
Good Morning!
We were glad to help out.
Were you lucky enough to walk away w/ one of our etched wine bottles?
Saturday's weather forecast: 69 and scattered tstorms
3 weeks of school left and I'm still pulling students out of PE to finish work.
School aint over yet!!!!!
Haha wendy willams looj betttah than ya fugly ass you really ugly and ya breath be on some tiffany type shit crusty onion!!!!....
we parlay'n hanging out the window
Paterson and Wise: We've got to have the backs of those facing injustices like in Arizona
39;Titanic39; the miniseries sails onto DVD and Bluray
Turn the excitement up to 11, tonight's the night!
Are you going to a midnight Avengers screening?
If so, how stoked are you?
: is so rude.
Tell him you love em and he sends back k.
SMH.
My brothers friend will be on Unforgettable on CBS his first primetime premiere will u watch it its on  10 pm eastern  ...
: 1 to for using Hot frothy ropes of man slime in a Tweet.
Many thanks takes bow
my knees fall asleep all the time.
I don't know our understand how or why it happens...
But you're not alone.
At ISTE11 opening keynote!
And so it begins...
RT I'm white.
But I'm not NASCAR fan white
lol yah, dont leave us hangin!
I want 10 minute updates on misterpresidents night!
Fulfilling my daily baseball needs by listening to the Phillies/Braves game while I work.
I love the PGA leaderboard.
Phil, Dustin,  Keegan all tied for 1st !
All i need now is to hit mute so I don't hear Jim Nance:
: : hello ladies how are you bothLOVELY!!;
LOVED YOU ON BOB TOM THIS AM
I have a sweet tooth right now and the only cure is Reeses!
Remind yourself its okay to: not to be okay, break down, cry ourselves to sleep.
We all are imperfect humans being.
Table read was fantastic so much talent in our cast!
Teaser for Monongahela due out next week!
Nah yo!!!
Blake Griffen just threw it on Gasol worst than Mosckov and Perkins combined!
Dayum
I love so so so so much!
fan club want to know why 10 in high school and college?
And so my day begins at 8am.
Its weird to think I went to bed at 2 and woke up at 8 am
So many red headed beauties at tthe market this morning.
Come snatch one up
Give what you owe: If you owe taxes, pay taxes; if revenue, then revenue; if respect, then respect; if honor, then honor.
Romans 13:7
Jeter seems to be regaining his postseason swing.
would love one more insurance run
The Apostle insists that if the law had the strength to save and make us righteous, then if follows that Christ had died in vain.
Assuredly
Winter Jam today!
plez fallow me
i needa get my grades upp.
Hey Hey mister just watched 'creature of Darkness' Love to hear what you though about it.
Gimme a quick thought brotha
There's a half marathon this weekend.
Think I can do it?!
I hope he doesn't.
yes that's exactly who
What mental disorder do people have that they flip honest compliments to them into insults to you.
Your own personal shopper exclusively from Miami Beach and NYC  Read about it at www.southfloridaalerts.com
I just caught you on CNN, I appreciate you speaking out for justice and I'm a huge fan.
Hey it was good to meet you!
Any high school buddy of Luke's is almost a high school buddy of mine.
Fantastic, thanks!
I'm taking time to smell the roses today.
Hope you are having a great Sunday!
those are generalizations.
And generalizations are only accepted by morons.
Don't let them doctorg you down too.
Head up!
It's made with lots of love.
I love my mom.
:
that's unofficial
I don't get locked professorles either.
Always felt like it's slammed door or listen to me but I can't be bothered to hear u
doctorving to work laughing to a Jason Segel radio interview, makes for productive mornings.
Seriously.
Imagine 7th grade movie theater makeouts except on the sidewalk in broad daylight.
On the crowded metro.
I've seen a couple of, what I regard as, dangerous attacks on attempts at sustainability these past couple of days.
Happy National Kiss Day33
as in the Beastie Boys song?
Tbh Simon gave good reason why he didn't approach Mariah for the second time.
Some lambs smhMC was not even shading Britney at all.
What?!
We SO need to talk.
don't forget to make that pick in our pick 'em league!
i love how everybody is just now realizing that andoctorw bynum sucks at pick and roll defense
magiccity RT : i95 South Bound Miami!!!
its where its at!!!
Saw Moneyball the other day.
What a good movie.
Pitt really hold his own but his sidekick steals the show.
A good ride, baseball fan or not.
What?
You're buying a new toothbrush today?
Do tell!
hahah.
But, you should let Tori know you weren't laughing at her.
She was really upset.
Say hi!
Lol, yes we all know the feeling.
Entercom picks up Inner City Urban AC KBLX/San Francisco for 25 million.
Check your inbox for more in our RAMP Breaking News!
Back in Louisville.
Couldn't get in
turkey, doctornks,  doctorma.
guess it's thanksgiving.
RT Unfortunately don't get to go to the white house guess I'll make the trip next year; you and will be missed!
If Willow was on BluRay I'd already own it.
that was funny im stealing that
: Another ticket Fml omg I hate LA tix!
And screaming in my car haha RT  Awesome!
Now I'm crying at work!
Skol Vikes!
We did it!
Nobody better steal Uecker's statue
IBackedMyCarIntoaCopcar the other day and the nigga just doctorve off
The poverty gap between childoctorn and elderly is largest in history.
Do we actually care about our childoctorn in US society?
PAA2012 Lichter
Girls who post statuses, pictures, tweets ect about all the cute things her boyfriends said or done for her 
Im going to a dance thats cool
11: 11 close eyes makes wish!
aww thanks austin your to sweet3
thanks!
My celebriguineas!
:
Well Good Friday to all!!!!!
heading home after a long day?
stop by for dinner.
ShoutOutToo she's super beautiful but she's a hater3 Guys rape that follow button.
:
lol i am bored even tearsall falling down T.T
Stuporbowl ignoring in progress
lol it is true u r a sex god
exactly : what's your issue?
DM me if you want :
My intro to Jameson was his Reification essay on God Father and Jaws.
It is fun and a good way to ...
Headed to take my mom out for lunch.
Hope all the moms are enjoying their day.
Heymy friend i had a tough Sunday my advice would be go with your first feeling most of the time your goingto be right no secondgu
yea my last class ends at 1:00
Sigh.
Canada is so much betterdownward dog to Tonight is No Night MT if I move back to Toronto, Julie Doiron can be my yoga teacher
ha!
Not quite there yet.
Lol
That is so great to know!
I am always concerned that that talk is too remedial and everyone will be bored :D
i dont have any.
do you?
i almost called you, i cant find any.
i was sad : 
Just shocks me that Chris Lofton has not been picked up in the NBA, lots of missed shots in this Hawks/Celtics gm
It was awesome!
RT : Thank you all for coming out to watch the show ...
Honored to rep
was thinking about travel after our ordeal in egypt.
from the outside it looked violent but from inside the people only wanted freedom.
i hate having to wait.
No, that's the traditionally preferred way to obtain bootlegs, actually.
busted, disgusted, never to be trusted
I understand you love Brady, but how bout you show Rodgers some love ya jackass.
so funny i just saw you retweeted in my twitter stream by !
hope you're well jackie!
It's probably time to finally delete that memepool bookmark.
Damn.
Victor Ortiz is a class act.
Thank you to all my sponsors for their support
We hope we will make it there!
Keep in touch and spread us around will ya'?
3
ANNIE CAKES I LOVE YOU
Name for a cooking show: 5 Star Kooks
fabulous rainbow.
Thank you!
did you all know that customers when paying with credit cards can stop payments?
Unbelievable
Our song is back to december so everytime i hear it he pops into my head
Thank you very much Scott
You could say so.
Thanks Gayle!!
I find I can use more of this paper and still save more money over the other!!
thanks for the shout out.
Hope you make it to the show.
I guarantee it won't be your typical art exhibition.
Best morning ever got text frm my bro
sweet check out this is where I will be working every eve this week
I'll let you know when the webstore is up, pick out whatever you want and let me know, I'll hook a brotha up.
Miss ya dude
Cruel intentions is such an intense movie
if sumone book me for a show i will
night beautiful
Want to share your event or cause with our followers?
Tweet us the info!
Been controlling myself to not jump out of my seat all day
Gonna be a great series.
Clips v grizzlies.
lobcity comeback
im going to focus on a little task list i have i shall check in later :
yes we are : I love my belieber family :
Wow.
I was wearing my Radiant Baby tee A gift back in the day.
Then found it was Keith's Bday.
Amazing talent gone too soon
Why are video uploads being so difficult right now..common mann
Yes.
Yes, we are.
Made them a few years ago, but they never did well.
Sold out last week.
They're making a resurgence.
The enemy usually works on you when you are by yourself.
Today choose to enjoy life and look at the things you do have.
Do you have your tickets yet?
Buy online at www.CageStars.com
Almost all loaded up...
Howie has been cowering in his bathroom cabinet.
I was able to play with my new Canon 60D at the zoo today.
Due to major rain, we kept to the buildings.
No one was there  it was great!
what so you do now??
still in NYC but i'll be back there tonight!
Lets plan on lunch soon!
We have the wife to thank for that.
Very pretty ring.
Nice gift, too.
Super fast shipping.
Thanks!!
Tina from Chapel Hill, North Carolina
your bro gonna be in the Indy 500 this year?
Anything in the works?
I might need to ask you about doctorving the truck...Did you do Penske?
Using our new HD to observe our 16 month old's bedtime routine...so funny :
I love my fiance..!!!
With him putting up with my shit, he truly loves me to the FULLEST  same here...ForeverTaken : : :
that a tribute to Talk to Her by Almodovar, disguised as an ad
Would love to not be working right now...
it's such a great joke !
aam2011 aam2011virtually Didactic!
Take a shot!
won what?
I told the guy he was using his kid as a human shield and that 13 TVs had Reds on.
I ended up losing.
Kids always win.
taking a beautiful hike in Malibu!
Talked with Mom.
She was telling me about the 1 kids clothes clearance racks at Walmart...called it Grandma's Delight.
LOL.
I don't feel like going to work.
Mariano Rivero ends his career shagging fly balls?
I thought that only porn stars ended their careers shagging things...
Uh oh.
Also good luck to Lisagor Finalists !
oh snap
well if i die in 810 days, then we'll know for sure.
hahaha just kidding i'm fine.
Expression in a melodic manner.
Kid Ink.
Stank In My Blunt .
but then you don't get the cool interactive sticker chart.
Seattle or SF?
Thanks for the help :
haha let me know wen u want more :
As long as it's not Far and Away.
Why not?
What's the context?
OKC in 6 they're unstoppable this year.
It's a sex  the city and red wine kind of night.
You know what charm is a way of getting the answer yes without having asked any clear question.
im at a hotel:
Mentioning so I can get a retweet!
I love SMG!!!
Larry Page proposes twoforone stock split  no big acquisition plan..
Why am I afraid to lose you when you aren't even mine?
No problem guys!
good luck with everything 
hahahaha RT : I really enjoyed The Help, but it's the weirdest Beatles movie yet.
Like more than Yellow Submarine.
Before I die i need to follow me..but i bet he has never noticed me..:
why do people wanna spell my last name kinney ??
No.
In your scenario, both are working.
Job outside hm.
might be mindless, 95, hr.
lunch, etc.
Rai!!
How's London?
We miss you!
have the best day!!!
Gonna be announcing a cool CONTEST tomorrow...
Tee hee...
Movie night...
Spoelstra: My guy flopped!
Why didn't he get the call!?!?
I love that picture but like my girls would say....WHAT.EV.ER!!
LOL!!
same, i cant stop replaying it
Who are some of your favorite dancers and dance companies you follow on ?
shows that he should stick to anything but golf on ESPN, Rick 1, skip1, and 1 not good this time skippy
I am sorry for neglecting you so long pandora
You guys are awesome.
Metaanswers: Wolfram Alpha eats such a computation for lunch; Python code to compute it fits in a tweet.
Last night, at long last, I think I perfected the Trudy's Mexican Martini recipe...
It's legenwaitforit...dery.
Never Say Never, is one of Austin's favorite movies!
RT if you like that movie too ;
Got some work done, office got laced with tons of , margaritas/lunch now with my lady then party time tonight!
Fuck yeah Friday!
Surprise!
Michigan is making some really good cool climate Syrah....seriously.
Good morning tweeters
awe thanks ash: I like yours too Wyd ?
LET'S GO MIAMI HEAT WE NEED 2 WIN
sold!
He was so nice at the fashion event.
My bro used to work with Bruno in La Vie En Rose days.
if you skype, feel free to connect with me there too ...
jasonarmbruster
hosts End of Summer Blast tomorrow, 58 p.m.This familyfriendly event is free and open to everyone.
Games  live music
The more you strive and search for happiness.
The more you overlook the possibility that is is here already.
Actually no, my status wasn't aimed at you, but hey, if the shoe fits, feel free to wear it.
I aint part of those thank you good night
Love the Banksy photo's.
Great!!!
It was awesome to meet you, too  we had a blast!
Hope you had smooth travels home.
It was so hard to get out of bed this morning since my house was 57 degrees and my dog was snuggling so close.
Did you see a movie?
longest doesn't equal greatest.
Memphis/Kansas National Title was better.
Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez on or off at the MTV VMAs?
Sugarscape
I wish you could have a concert here in Miami :D
yes it was so great to see you too!!!
I can't wait for Monday!
Me n Poppy slept until 9:30 today!
Feeling good but guilty....
late for work!
Wow what a doctorve by wade!
hi Kim we will talk next wk.
crazy girl
for a team that prides itself on its depth and team play....yeah.
please look after him!xo
You May Be Virgin, But Your Mouth Ain't...
Do you think people have to try to be a pain in the ass or that it just comes naturally?
Finally some more JB on the radio!
BOYFRIEND by is my jam!
lol my bad.
Kinda hard when the entire week before I left I had to be nocturnal working overnights.
Time to get my shovel ready later around noon to get the snow out of the doctorve way : not looking forward to it
Managed to download over 900 songs today.
Obama live at UNC, Chapel Hill  higher Ed is the clearest path into the middle class
Heh.
True.
Sweet building, sweet location.
RT: You have the attention of every real estate broker.
Good morning sweet healthy souls  fall in love with jesus
Meta: World Peace violent.
just inked some hearts ; p on me ina sexy place
I just want to sleep for days
Fab can't spell MBA or NBA.
I've never tried that, sounds good tho.
D'Antoni retires.
First the Knicks scare LarryBrown away now this.
When is DavidStern going to start holding JamesDolan responsible?
On top chef you may eat a shitty meal, but on InkMaster you may have a shitty tattoo on your body for the rest of your life.
Don't want to sound like a Kobe apologist but he wasn't very good last night, without question.
s/o to for hacking my twitter nice try but zac efron is all mine
2nd season jenny 
They are more secure than those darn, slippery, paper clips.
hey what's good?!
LMFAO nice captaininobvious.
That song's cake though man, what's wrong with you?!
Learn some Don Caballero shit!
:D
Sure has been painful these 30 years to watch Republicans exploit the religious for votes in the party of my birth.
Is it God's will?
I keep getting up this early in Texas, I'm gonna be on hours when I get back to Cali!
It's too hot to cuddle .
I deserve tickets because I am all about the game win or lose.
I just found out there was a Hacker sending emails from Twitter, about a bad blog do not open it , Dawn Reese Show
tickets are going fast.
just sold 5 tickets!lets see if we can sell out the show before the day of.
HA!
Of course they bring up the Xavier UC brawl...
On behalf of CRSS.
We would like to wish you a HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY !!!!!
XOXOXOX ;
weird o.O
Yup...
Kind of pissed about it RT : Donald Trump is taking so many shots  Obama right now....
On another note, that donut from AVON donut shop was slappin!
The spirits on today, don't have to worry about tomorrow.
Moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist.
for sure everyday
RT:  Google Do a barrel roll I promise you won't be disappointed StarFox lmao I remember that shit.
we're not all immature :
On behalf of The San Diego Zoo I will like to inform you all that there a APB out for the Panda Bear name Maisha Williams.
I think my wisdom teeth are coming.
I'd rather be less wise, honestly, than deal with this.
m sounds heavenly
read all of it well u don't have to read all of it today but read it all eventually 3 im almost finished !!
blows kiss did ya get it?
Did ya get it?!
I never realized how many prejudiced people there are here...they are coming out of the woodwork!
Like ants at a picnic!
yeah im in.
And im not a smart ass.
Thats the correct spelling lol
Kayla  I working together is going to be crazy...she already got yelled at for flicking my nipple hahaha
aw damn...
i have to your my sister!!!!!
DUHH
She just stuck in Houstatlantavegas
Visiting again in my cousin Panhandle to the East.
Visiting small businesses in Martinsburg  then greeting commuters from the MARC train
RT : Even though it might not look like it, you accomplish far more by letting go with love than holding on to fear.
Liam's hand looked bad and so did his arm I think he only did it once
Oh, not their chalk, but their VisAVis pens :
And we're back.
We'll look into scaling up to support the traffic in the future.
Our apologies for the service outage.
cc
I have friends who can hack way better then you, and those are my intentions.
TO GET THEM ALL INVOLVED!
See you in hell ;
Confession: it's so satisfying to update your email on your iphone after purging your inbox.
Sad...
but true.
Dear Justin, You Have Jailed Jerry In Your Boxers For Too Long, So Off With Your Pants Sincerely, Beliebers
Bout to sign up for Planet Fitness !
Thanks, sounds like you enjoyed.
adobesocial digital natives and digital immigrants.
Suzuki Music School of Arkansas Harp Recital 10:30am The public is invited to attend and admission is free.
The love, the love is bigger.
what kind of bizarre doctorams?
Bizarre scary, bizarre weird but meh or bizarre ridiculous?
I don't remember mine :
You're stuck with just us today......Pete is off, he's back at it tomorrow though!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE
ill hold some for you brotha
put a little hip hop on.
And tractor
Customer Testimonial: I call Philly 311 all the time.
I got to say that whoever does the training around their must do a wonderful job.
Ever
Yea some would be mad at him no matter what.
I hate people send hate to Julie she doesnt deserve that.
Feels good to be blogging again.
Hope to do more on Twitter from now on too.
YouGetMajorPointsIf You are yourself.
:
yes it can.
Surprised that I like it but it's because of the the label!
I should know not to judge by the cover by now.
If mandate goes, will reform unwind?
Revolver Underground is growing!
More info coming soon!
Are you on board?
EROCK
Don't doctornk the ice tea!
Finally benching again after my injury.
Haven't benched in a yr, and I put up 195 lbs 6 times after supesetting flys.
I only weigh 155.
erl12 libleadership in leadership roles, have to balance lead from behind and lead from front 
Congrats to our friends down at The Wicked Wheel and their grand opening day today!
Go check them out!
really enjoying PGM class, the book is also fantastic, the best CS start with a strong mathematical foundation and then injects common sense
Not really, some of us are A Few Good Men
yes.
let's do so.
Pumped to hear Dollar Tree speak on the networked
Oh yes, standardized abbreviations are super cool.
Industry night , All you industry folk come down and hang with us!!
Three more weeks of school..
I am really interested in your tweets, but the links aren't working
She wants to lead the glamorous life Without love it ain't much Sheila E.
fa ya mind.
U and me both homee....
thnx for the gr8 interviews have a blast in SD ;
oh that's an epic bobblehead!
Rick's got a big head xD
I need a doctornk.
Yeeaahhh!!
I'm on it!
good looking Fams!
pet and hugs the pups for me .And joshie Mac!!
TTL.
Do you ever feel like you ran out of time?
Like there was so much more to experience, accomplish, share  then poof...times up.
Hate that.
Hey guys, I'm going to introduce you all to my new FAVORITE tweep: I now commence retweeting all their
Leaving southbysouthwest to change and grab a bite to eat then gonna go back!
Loving the music amihigh?
I'm gonna sell one of my kids so I can pay for a one legged prostitute and a pound of cocaine.
is debating on transferring his SAG membership from the L.A.
Branch to the Hawaii or Florida Branch to run for a position on the SAG Board.
: Sound Mixing: oscars That's 4 for Hugo
Everybody go follow Very intriguing little short film, whose makers are wishing to flush out into a feature.
oops too much random password entering and clicking on my part.
Okay well you know I'm always gonna here for you
Good Saturday morning!
Satisfy us in the morning with your unfailing love, that we may sing for joy and be glad all our days.
Psalm 90:14
i didnt say that!!
lml ,your pics r cute.
Can't go tew sleep.!
.....and are left to roam the streets during the day.
ight I'm coming home tomorrow too ;
What makes the tour so awesome is all 3 bands are great  that they love playing together.
Calling OCMS the opener isn't the right spirit.
ah, a hotel room to onself to readit's the little things in life!
GIMME SOME TIX
yeah bitch's jersey shore back and better
Snowflakes are doing many lateral passes with numerous completions and interceptions.
snap away!
Eats lamb lmao
was amazing.
Far, far exceeded already high expectations.
And let's be honest  he's a total babe.
Great way to kick off Monday  thanks for the video link!
iTunes comes up with On, On, U of K Oh Yeah!
GoCats BBN GAMEDAY!!!
Can Rickie play short stop?
I don't think I like that.
Cool; would love to hear more about that process!
we know you are ..jkjk
ThingsIHate Bad breath!
Awesome definitely looking forward to checking it out.
iwannaknowwhy ppl think men lie more than woman do...
somebody lemme know why this is cuz I think its bullshiit.
W.O.R.D.
UP...
lemme kno..
Thank you very much!
Thanks!
Happy writing to you as well!
Lost bag and missed train connection much alleviated by remembering that I held a first edition of Jane Austen's Emma in my own two hands.
gonzo and Washington good luck!

Good point, Luis!
What are you working on today?
WOW!
Cant believe its been a YEAR since i met Blessed ..She's a
I have cheetos on my ass from girls spanking me with cheeto fingers.
Somtimes I feel like tweeting you is a waste of time :
3 hour shift, not so bad :
What are the REAL chances of rain in the morning?
I need a better forecast.
Safe 'til 10?
Cadbury creme eggs hitting the markets has been the worst thing to happen to me all year.
Flying back home to Cali today.
My friend, aspiring writer,  PHX East Valley native is on Twitter give her a follow!
my pleasure!
These damn things are as hot as a stiff cock
Dean Patricia Carey takes to the stand to welcome students, staff, families, and friends
I want all of the things in front of me and, yet, something completely different and unfamiliar.
Weird crux.
Spitz: Square, and golden dance group
I always say this.
So this is why I don't call you perfect, cause I know you're just real and that what I want3
missing my morning classes because of an assembly
Here's hoping!
Go Blackhawks!
YOU GAVE UP A HOMER TO PILL?!
Good morning!
LeJitt has been in the studio working hard on her new gospel single, I Need Your Love
It is both wise and foolish ;
reprocution.
BRISKUSMC you are totally correct this nation's pussication is beyond sad.
Keep your head up BRISKUSMC you have alot of
omg yea ;
what ride are you at!?!?!
I'm looking for stylish Portlanders guysgirls to shoot streetstyle this Sunday for a company.
Email me for details
Aarghh!!
I'm jealous!
I can't wait to get my copy of The Big Heat!
Did you get a magnet?
I miss the hotel shower.
And the fireplace.
And the mountain view.
not in lineup
that's great!!!
Failure does teach you stuff, and as long as it's not on heavily used production machines I can tolerate it.
If you want today's WINNER, write to me and I'll message you back!!!
Last won hit by a long shot...Don't miss out this time!!
Listening to a lot new albums while at work today.
I would.
Look for us we are coming to a town near you soon, more dates being added to the U.S.
and very soon Africa , Europe ,Asia and Australia!
0/I
which fair and where?
Partied w/ for opening day!
Wasted af!
Human/canine teams just landed safe and sound in NYC.
SO jealous!
Have a fab time guys  will miss you.
Watch your 6's!
Cubs will be a surprising 8280.
clean team  means the world to me
Welcome Lori Hart of to VCU
Definitely an Honorary Title type of afternoon
Alright done with ONE appointment :
From the point of view of form that is a tautology.
Don't back off a challengewhether it's a big project or a tough conversation.
I'm cooling my wort!
This is the latest I've slept in months
I'm starving.
Haven't eaten all day bc nothing sounds good...
Ready for IHOP to open!
Mayor : Philly is the only U.S.
city that has a Sister Cities Scholarship program
Question: Who makes you happy?
B rose tonight with
I can't wait for this weekend
Check craigslist!
BREAKING: Saints Coach S.Payton suspended for 2012 season.
Tebow traded to Jets.
Comingup for InHollywood Magazine: my professorles on Lashfully, Actress Sheila Kelley, and Beauty Expert Damone Roberts
Are you going to the show?!
:
and , I am also a fan of Explosions in the Sky.
We're not dead yet!
I Can't Do It Anymore .
Also right next to Radio City where Tyler works.
We went to starbucks and then I see a giant group of people laughing and...
Don't try to destroy the systemthat's impossible.
Instead, only try to realize the truth: there is no system.
Just want to say that I love long time!
When Dota plays on my iPod
We should totally get the basketball team to dance like this for our opens next year at media day...
We appreciate you !
This game is tasty!!!!
if rejection isn't an important life lesson GSs can impart to the young and impressionable, what is?
agreed but that sounds a bit like blaming the victim.
When 9 kids circle around you, throwing rocks and screaming fag...
Freedom fighters in Syria will talk...
with their Kalashnikovs.
There is no solution except the fall of
It's way too nice out to feel this shitty...
Amen to that!!!
: I'll go with child of the 70s/80s, when handwriting died during the great computer rebellion.

Hey lady, wishing you a very happy birthday, lady!
Everyone follow she follows back!!:
The 27th!
Won't be the same without though!
:
Do they have cookies?
RT oh, I'm going to the special hell...
:waking up to pics  video from Coldplay Hollywood bowl you text me was pretty awesome.
Jealous!
Wish you were there!!
There's always time to right a wrong.
In the meantime allow your life to just...happen :
forget it, I'm on one
Whoa!
I am very impressed and a bit envious.
You rock!
serving between 6th and 7th street on walnut.
red rover red rover send ma niggas right over!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!?
3 26
Understandably so.
When rushed, there's no encouragement to learn mindful eating.
Baby, oh baby, oh baby, my sweet baby, you're the one!
i want to dye my hair red again and then the bottom black....haa..
Late night photo editing.
Our archive has many amazing gems.
Thousands of images from Los Angeles' history rarely seen before.
EXACTLY!
I was furious.
They had so many great themes and then use machines out of nowhere???
NO.
BAD WRITING!!!
damn right
won a tiny bit after 640 hands and then he said he wasnt feelin it.
fun match as usual
Can't wait cityy lightts;D.
woo woot!
LOVE IT!
planned to doctorft off of you  during windy miles.
may not have to now.
and yes, vectors are a must!
LIKE us on facebook!!!!
Momentum Marketing and Event Planning
Maybe Maybe not.
Jury still out.
But damn good album.
RT : become villains
Congratulations to the 2012 graduating class of the UMN School of Public Health!
I'm addicted to this guy he gots my heart tied in a knot and my stomach in a whirl
Add awkwardsealion to your awkward moment tweets to see them in the opinion section of the Point Weekly!
Congratulations to our Mentors of the Month, Lisa J and Mindy D!
Choose a career that you love you will never have to work a day of your life it will be your service to the world until life eternal DNicole
New US obesity crisis plan would limit fast food ads  sales; promote activity  good food.
He'll love our pick though.
I mean AJ's pick!
Congrats University of Maryland  Eastern Shore on your women's NCAA bowling championship!!!
does a one legged duck swim in a circle?
Is SteveStricker on ?
If so, my attempts at locating him have fallen flat.
Thanks Golf Channel!
that make the most sense
San Diego area.
Will be coming to more locations soon!!
Thanks!
RT : SO THANKFUL that our childoctorn can participate in Younger Generation Chorus of Plano  truly a Premier Chorus!
lol it's cool, I was laughing too but I was in pain at the same time haha.
OMFG!
Shut Up!
love it!
I had a pretty swell Christmas, hope you guys did too
Lemme finish this paper ..
RT : Happy hour and hockey with
FOR LAST WEEKEND....
SEATTLE HAD A BLAST.
I WAS FRONT ROW THE ENTIRE SET!!!
GREAT JOB!
Theres nothing like hot yoga at 9 in the morning
RT : Q2 Most learning happens in the org without the intervention of LD, wouldn't you like to be part of helping it happen?
Thx Boxer!
Really appreciate it.
Enjoy your vacation!
Suns game with the family :
YAA PARTY PARTY PARTY  LET'S PLAY ROCKBAND WITH MARYELLEN
Second that RT : Dawg, TDE production team is ridiculous
your pretty cute :
Wednesday happy hour : hot Italian beef with steak fries and sweet or hot giardiniera 8
what you up to?
Welcome Otakon 2011.
Enjoy the city this weekend.
Any taxi comments or questions leave here.
MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality.
you gonna be in downtown la tonight?
my favorite song;
Bilderberg money to prop up candidates does not come from thin air.
There are Corporate backers who need to be paid back.
And they have.
RT : SFGiants vs.
Rockies: Game 2 starts right....
NOW!
Are you having cocktails with Mummy this Saturday night?
He is preparing for your arrival and his favorite caterers will be on...
Clearly you just hang around with the wrong people.
Or all my friends are mannequins ...
Hmm ...
Congrats on your 1000 tweets!
junction marketing
Almost time for eeep
We're going Live  Five..
Fox 59 news interviewed some Good Earthlings today about rising gas prices.
Check out the spot  5 o'clock
Clue that the customer service rep is not in US: Ma'am, I can't hear you, may you please louder your voice?
Already brought AE home.
Might return it.
Depends on how quick I send MacBook in  get gift cert.
Or use it as repeater.
Glad to hear and the Miami heat lost tonight.
Bleeewrueeeehblrt.
Just when I think I'm over Top Model, Kelly Cutrone becomes a judge.
I don't know if I should thank her or hate her for pulling me back in.
: Hey, Thanks for the follow: You're welcome
I was just denied the ability to look at city contracts by 's comptrollers office.
Call and insist on transparency: 4103964755
A woman's worst nightmare is when the guy she loves stops doing the things that made her fall in love.
Step 4: Rules of Relationship: Ask agency to define one of their failures and what they learned
Eleven!
Immediately!
at the movies:
After watching how lethal this osu offense is, i am more and more dumbfounded by how iowa state managed to stop them.
I wish I could dye my hair the color of Ariana Grande's!
Snowing in Arlington, Texas on December 2.
Really coming down, too.
Early in the year for us...
Please tell me it's not supposed to rain tonight.
I'd like to keep my window open.
JON DAVIS VS FINLAY!!!!
big shoutout to your mom!
: lisa
Want a dm to Alex?
Follow tweet me Texas when you did :
At school outside pretty cool I love my girl emiillllyyy
It's very convenient having so close to me
thanks for the follow!
If you didn't even get an automated we received your request email, they didn't get anything.
Try chat support.
: what would yours say?
I'm a Good fearing man that's very loyal.
It's 11:11 make a wish, I wish.......
Wait I can't tell you or else it won't come true.
A Duck Hook!
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
This song is aesome, no vocal tracks but everything else is pretty much solid.
who wants a preview??
Maura McNamee creates mock fashion inc.
I will!
Told my dad if my birthday cake doesn't have 's face on it, me nor anyone is eating it.
HAHA.
seriously.
k.
I wish I could be considered as a musician for ArtBasel ..guess first step would be to learn to play!!!
why do you feel horrible
newt gingrich reminds me of a penis...
Anyone else?
And I'm sure you've never played any of the video games she was voiced in, but maybe movies you have
Salute My Nigga!!!
: You grow up the day you have your first real laugh at yourself.
Ethel Barrymore, Academy Award Winning Actress
Im pushing it big bro!
Hoping to ease the pain of yesterday's canceled Decemberists show w/a Spongebob birthday party  Hollyhock Hill chicken.
There are these two girls who annoy me like no other fuck.
Now that was one hell of a Caps game.
13 in a row
Hi How are u?
Avril AvrilLavigne
Q6 I haven't experienced this.
Reading is reading to me.
Why pay the pay the same price as capital beerfest for art of beer for less breweries?
Why because it comes with amazing food of course.
Vanderbilt professorssor criticizes student groups
I wanna be famous one day.
Hawaiian Paradise fresh off the banana boat....
Time for my daily GreenTeani
from the bio...
I could stand to know someone like you.
Thanks for the follow.
Only five dollars can become a big bank account.
Get the lowdown by sending an email to
FACT: Shocking to note that homosexuality was listed as a mental illnesses until 1973.
Nice work.
I can hear the manhours.
hahahaha, that's something so dumb, even i wouldn't say it.
XD
I woke up today with a mission to put a smile on as the many faces I will come in contact with.
So far I'm looking good.
yep just did :
waiting for her to rock my shit i dont see my shit being rocked lol
Stray Cats will not be allowed to sleep in our bed, except at the foot.
Forget the tip and go all in!.RT : So imagine what every 17yo boy is saying to their girlfriends tonight?
After everything that happened last night you forget about me!
I've learned that you can't make someone love you.
All you can do is stalk them  hope they panic  give in.
And I thought the only crying in hockey was from Sidney Crosby!
Delay of game?!
Poor, poor
Hate those lazy police officers that stand at the side of the road with their speed vision goggles..
At least chase me a bit!
Come on now.
At this moment, 19,547 students are registered to be in one of 540 classes!
100 enrolled with our systems
mentioning me ;
Silent Library!
you check into a lot of airports.
Boss kicked us out of the office!
Yay!!!
yeah, some were not fun to read, but good info.
Deal: Pay 50 and get 150 Worth of Household Repairs from eBARR Contracting bit.ly/mYq53R
FreshmanYearTaughtMe ...
Nothing yet, but every one above my grade is going to give me hell.
Would have been nice to keep Hairston for his D.
They gave up too soon on Hardy.
He's killing it for the O's.
WhatNotToSayDuringSex Are you going to Eat that PopTart on your NightStand or can I Have it...
Isaiah Thomas Named NBA Western Conference Rookie Of The Month for March
I work my butt off  I get nothing.
Won the lottery for the Florida and Tennessee games
if all you wanted to wear was balloons you will be fly cuz thats what YOU wanted to wear and not what someone else is wearin.
be you
I'm planning on trying to make CocaCola cake if you'd like to help....but Rachel isn't going to be able to come D:
lmaooooooo I got to talk to u hem
We should be asleep right now, but holy amazing rain smell!
One more glass of wine on the porch w and then bedtime.
Yay tx!
Anyone buying stock in Facebook?
Just got asked to help as talent in a music video this weekend.
Couple of auditions too.
Yay!
i fell asleep while i was washing my hair..
Major chore day.
Six loads of laundoctor.
Stenciling.
Jewelry box nostalgia.
Might even flip the mattress!!
Haha it doesn't get better.
I LOVE my dad for this
I forgot how much I loved Marilyn Manson.
XD Comablack3
We assume the really serious changes in our lives happen slowly, over time...
but its not true.
The big stuff happens in an instant.
oh.
man.
that is the nicest excuse for pancakes!
Would you be free for a quick public radio interview in the next hour?
We'd love to talk with you about AZ's new abortion law.
Also, , your haircut reminds me that I need to get one that I don't administer myself.
Love the bangs.
Gianola Poll Question: What will you do or your Mom on Mothers Day?
Just saw the Heat/Pacers score.
You might need a hug, bruh.
For sure.
Or like, fire guns in the air while screaming or something ultramanly like that.
Good plan.
Yeah, Ulta reigns supreme as far as hair tools and hair products.
But makeup?
Oh no.
nicking dads sunglasses eyyyy
Eastbound 408 is shut down at John Young Parkway because of a woman undoctorssing and hanging off the bridge, reports.
the funny thing about being on a Joan Cusack kick...is that means you're simultaneously on a John Cusack kick.
Nahmeen?
why does Kansas/self struggle do much in tourney?
Continually underachiever.
Food is awesome at this hour!
:
I'm just now seeing your tweets!
Thanks boo I'm actually laying in bed right now about to pass out lol good seeing u though!
wowow where are you seeing it?
Careful our team will probably snatch them to record!
So sad its over :
RT : Literacy isn't just readingCompetence  knowledge in specific areas, problem solving with tools you have...
Woah, woah, woah.
I was looking through my followers and I saw Why didn't you tell me you made a Twitter bro?
Beautiful sunrise...
oh hey look is trending :
You NEVER forget who owe you some money .
RT Looking for a stage manager to travel to San Francisco Sept.
216!
Expenses paid.
I'm gone escape though.
Can't hold a real niggah down for long!
Refreshing to hear that PCMH is a reality and that technology is a facilitator.
Hi, I'm a addict.
I hit refresh to view my Pins tab just to make sure it is aesthetically pleasing.
wait...no, I like Nicki,  lil wayne...T.I too
how was your seat at the game last night
would love to see them get Cousins, but might be gone early today.
Finish up that shopping downtown and come relax with a glass of wine!
Canned Pumpkin.
Full of Fiber!
Let him eat as much as he wants.
Should stop him up :
Nordstroms in Glendale, CA I suspect they're in Kansas City too.
RT : 5th grader/class trip  It feels so cool to be in the same room George Washington breathed in.
Fraunces Tavern Museum
I assume Kentucky will be sufficiently reloaded.
not at all!
such a cute puppy!!
So glad PSN's coming back.
I can finally play Portal 2 on PC
I heard your lookin for a gentlemen, is it cool if hes australian too?
acctually i prefer em aussie ;
wow, the kid is already terrified of his dad's 4th quarter interceptions.
but good for the brewers getting k over that hump
I'd be interested RT If there were an OpenGovEast unconference would you go?
Do you think many others would?
I really need to see a doctor...
or figure out how to fix this relationship...
nah I doubt it
We are getting a lot of Thanksgiving food box requests and we need more turkeys.
Call 5032744483 ask for Lori to help
your right that's why there's manny in corners shit
couldn't sleep too nervous about reading to APS kids!
How are you?
Thx for RT  for agreeing!
: RT : Agreed.
: ...might as well have A Few Good Men running in the background.
it's beionce ;
I love reading always have.
Yeah, prob not a book up your alley but it's great!
I want a god child!
Nervous!
I get two tests back tonight!
If you don't hear from me they're bad, but I'll be sure to brag if it goes well.
8 out of 9 doctors say Cheese Steaks are good year round, order Big Red's at www.s2yd.com
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.36
I cant breathe without you but I have to.
These words got me through the hard day.
I traded for one of your starters today for my roto league, shields.
Hope he keeps his winning ways
What is your favorite travel destination?
Thanks People that care a lot eventually affect those that don't care Whoa.
We will make up for it love!
:
nice one!
I'm bored...
night!
You don't know a thing about football.
Now STOP..
SHOWER TIME.
:
Looks like I'll be here over night.
Bummed!
Sleeping in the USO.
Thoughts for Friday: Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other.
John F.
Kennedy
Attended the Heartland Pro Bono Seminar.
Talked about New Child Support Guidelines.
The guidelines are complex and in some ways, strict.
break and reset is the theme of the Outsell state of the industry report
Im ready to go to back to Virginia
how many of them are of me or ?!
thanks baby i love you !
Ans i know im so excited : ah!
Taking the weekend off to spend time with family and friends.
Which means, there should be lots of new material :
: Hey we just had sex and this is crazy ...
But there's the kitchen sandwich maybe?
hahaha
Eastbound Hwy.
M/Century Ave.
in Middleton is closed from Allen Blvd.
to Baskerville Ave.
b/c cars can't climb the hill due to ice.
THE WORM!
Haha I remember now:p 
I'd be lying if i told you losing you was something I could handle...
Before I was married, I had a hundoctord theories about raising childoctorn and no childoctorn.
Now, I have three childoctorn and no theories.
RT for the chance to win a pair of PINK TUNES Headphones!
68 of US adults are
Absolutely!
However, some schools are still very strict about requiring teachers to have a TEFL certificate regardless.
At the Addy Awards with my team!
Wish us luck!
I've accomplished one thing today, waking up.
Cool stuff; loving being on your Mailing List!
You're awesome!
:
Sitting here with my two new tick friends trying to decide if we should all go down to the clinic  see if any of us have Lyme disease.
I dont wanna go to work today I wanna just chill n lay around the house.
Same here!....
Happy holidays to you all!
That's the only thing I hate about my phone.
It's awesome other than battery life which really sucks.
Excited to see bipartisan support for ParentTrigger in committees for BOTH legislative houses!
About to eat on some Hispanic food right now
I dont know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Bill Cosby
I watched Rubio lose the last page of his speech and immediately thought of Jeanine Pirro's speech to launch her campaign against Hillary.
When a beautiful girl follows you 
hey you dumb faggot, where have you been.
I miss your dumb fuckin face
FF and her twisted/brilliant new film
Thx to the proposal reviewers and everyone who submitted proposals for the annual conference!
My Rubiio / West coin landed on it's side...
Neither will be tabbed!
Jordan Levin says he left WB because they were more interested in traditional results versus investing in the value of digital.
sorry my phone died e.e
Thanks for following !
I hit the gym today but I am thinking that being I ate Wendy's, Skyline Chili, and Graeter's Icecream; I should probably head back again!
MILAN to FLORENCE
Waiting for a homerun
Thanks Viva Las Vegas!!!!!
You're asking for favors but all I hear is excuses about why you can't do it yourself justsaying I don't mind cause it's making me stronger
Get That Weak Shit Outta Here.!
Congrats Mye Hoang on world premiere of viette at
THANKS SO MUCH!
Big thanks to the amazing for her patience and creativity for the new music video!
if Jesus healed a blind man Democrats would create a billion dollar program trying to emulate his success.
Overheard at the bar: you're the most longeyelashed girl I've ever kissed.
What a charmer!
I'M FROM THE ERA WHERE THE RAPPER MADE THE BEAT, AND U FROM THE ERA WHERE THE BEAT MAKE THE RAPPER.....
Never say anything about yourself you do not want to come true.
Eva mendes put up 8foot barriers on set so her fans couldn't see her on te set of place beyond the pines Bizarre!
What are u hiding eva?
Truth This definitely helped us when we were applying for scholarships.
Looking forward to having an amazing day!
I won yesterday
Did you sign up yet?
Near the stage.
caa2012 we need to talk about what hasn't worked: our failures, etc.
thanks for following, and congrats on all your success
You made a new twitter?:
doctorpepper all the way!
3
The FreedomSong has an amazing story and it would touch, heal, and inspire many to find that good in bad!
Phone taken away, only have the computer from 58:30 everyday this week :
iz super sexy
raw10 i did a standup  a strip club n a stripper got mad cause i defended M.
Vick.
1st time a woman got mad  me n showed her titties.
Everything is about influence these days.
That's mean...
crying!
I guess, good point but then why don't they just flash some hot girls on the screen and forget the song though
I hate the fail whale
I am glad to be a person you follow , out of 12k people I am one , THANK YOU 3333333
I want to correct what I tweeted before.
Kirsten Stewart in WelcometotheRileys is so captainvating.
No way.
Neuheisel had a Memphis interview after UCLA?
It's that time again!
Starting today and lasting tomorrow anything with a PINK tag is 25!
Don't miss out!
Wow!
You certainly stand out in a crowd!
write her and email and cc Santa Claus on the email LOL
Haha u are definitely a fan.
Sorry, haven't published those since they were so early.
If I do, I'll let you know.
Thanks!
you should really come back to new york!
doctorKE Shot For Me
So tired, but I gotta finish this book tonite
Get over here homework can't take that long
New collection posted and about to post more behind the scenes pics!!
Obviously it didn't help matters when you asked who won, because Misawa wins both of the fucking matches.
What's more fun than James Bond?.....
Nothing!
ifiwasdatingherrystyles I'D DIE OF EXCITEMENT.
Whatever you had last night, eat more of the same today, huh?
EVERY ISRAELI will agree that they need changes in the Israeli govt.
It can't start with Hamas murdering Civilians.
Do your part!
She turned her cants into cans and her doctorams into plans.
Mi gente from los Angeles celebrating cinco de mayo weekend check point on Vermont and 6th
Making the game 10handed is bad for the players, the dealers and the casino.
So stupid, I can't stand it!
: no prob!
Hope it's a great day!!
Thanks for the seo chat at Great information!
I wanna make it so I never have to introduce myself again...
It seems the cold is here to stay..
Cuddle up to some warm holiday scents that will have you enjoying the great indoors in no time!...
r u kidding me!
ur tweeting..r u for real or an imposter?
WOW!!
Come on live...like to chat..I am sure America is curious
Amazing digital opportunities video showcasing sight, sound, and media kicking off the Rock Digital Lessons segment
I agree, I noticed a change in the buzz after the switch to the new platform.
It was also suggested that when the weather gets warmer we could conduct our meetings outside on the campus in the quad.
I need protection from the overdoctorft monster!!
this new HD pro clip visor has been a nightmare to install so far
impossible don't exist
RT : Time tracking apps on phones  tablets for lawyers may pay for themselves w/ increased recording of time
low five.
Tea Partier Sharon Calvert has filed to run against Hills.
County Commissioner Victor Crist.
Thanks so much Olia for sharing this post!
Hope your week is starting off marvelously!
Awww sheeeeeit...
Det.
Linden just turned in her badge and gun.
Then u know more than I.
Just seems to be one of those rare areas where some of our theo statements have undercut justice pursuits
Say hi to the Borontosaurus for me...my favorite exhibit when I was there as a kid
the best you'll be is dead to me!
No need to go to Aunt Kizzy's Soul Food in LA after the dinner threw down on tonight!
need to pay for this online fee and buy this bag before i lose my mind!
RT what to wear, what to wear?!
why would they bother me?
I got to level 4 and I quit..
.
We've got the Irish Itch!
Michael Collins Irish Whiskey with flavors of pineapple and melon.
After one, you'll be itching for another!
Twitter is showing you hv 19 Favorites, but when i click it says you hv none.
Hv u reported it?
hey Vanessa how r u doing?
fees!
oh shush
1 MT : : Dude, I don't think it's a stretch to cry gender!
when commercial says, Eat like a man, man!
lmao I give up, for now
Thanks to all who came out to the EPA for LOST IN YONKERS today!
waddup.
Yo I won't have internet for a minute.
U good?
Im at covergirl tonight, come see me
Hey , and Meagan  We're doctornking brass monkeys tonight and pouring one out for MCA
Email phishing attack of the day: From USPS with title of USPS postage invoice.
you don't have to resort to that!
Don't give in!
Stick to the country music cause we all have friends in low places...
Looks more and more like we're about to get a rematch of the 06 Finals.
Maybe they'll go up 20 and we'll win four in a row...
great show.
Looking forward to leading the WI TresselCheats over the Geckos when you guys move to the new OOTP.
Yes, always a great combo.
: For some reason, I was in the mood for chocolate and a martini for dinner.
i pass my math sol!
who gives a shxt bxtch, NOBODY HOE !
Good Morning :
U too boo!
I'm working on it, maan
just arrived!
Steven Ford talks about the challenges of having a father in the White House and 10 Secret Service agents assigned to him.
Guilt is the source of sorrows, the avenging fiend that follows us behind with whips and stings.
Nicholas Rowe The past is past  grow!
He might be perfect...
But I've said that before.
than again if ur a slut i guess it dosent matter
Dinner with my bff and her family!
I promise i will reply to any of the mentions when im back!
Look at my bio!
Bye!
Trivia: Belgium has the most independent beer brands of any country.
They have over 400!
RT if you think we need to catch up!
Tune in to Comedy Central at 10:30 tonight to see Susan Saladoff, the director of , on the
4 ExBadgers RyanSuter  CraigSmith in NHL playoff action right now on
We appreciate all of you who follow Poised Creation in Denton!
Only one week until the Feminism and LIS Unconference with and
Quad practice tonight where coach plays the cajon which she is just so good at Jaime on keys so true and Beth on bass...
; unlock your tweets.
.
If you cant handle a big ass eraseyourself for real tho!
..
EVAPORATE
tasty burger is so good!!!
that's when you unsubscribe  block
I'm pretty sure the people in my bf's neighborhood heading to work think I'm a stalker while I sit out here and wait, with binoculars
Only prob with out of town guests in Balto:
Ha good luck with your paper!
All is good I graduate in June if all goes according to plan!
:
I hear you  but not sure G will be the go to FB alternative for me it feels like a ghost town.
follow back :
Great wasn't it?!
Congratsto Ben Hamner for winning 1st ever global dsghack dsgh bigdataweek Thankyou to all that took part and made it such an amzing week
To All My Followers,Yesterday my Twitter account was compromised and a message was sent out not from me.
I apologize for the inconvenience.
My school:  you never talk Me:  you're all bitches, that's why
Its a little one.
Yes.
And then God said, Let there not be A Painter Of Light Thomas Kinkade
is that a spam tweet?
Have you been hacked?
If not, tell us more!,
Just finished writing a story about you for english shooting 4 an A even if i did make it up shhhh dont tell :P
I loved Diana's!
: Are they not awesome?
I appreciate all of the BYX Twitter followers!
Good luck to the new officers.
and will be taking over this now!
icing is a tie  the wife coming home with a it's 7:00 and no baths yet?!
followed by My tires are flat and it's raining!
Every time I see people playing frisbee, my balls start to hurt.
Good feedback from my professorssor on the Soda Pop King story.
Then a dental appt with doctor Pop and got a crown.
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 84
YES WE NEED TOO OR I THINK I MIGHT DIE?
Agreed RT to watch for future beauty deals  Jennifer Lawrence.
Getting lots of buzz on red carpet.
: The CHURCH is a hospital for sinners, not a hotel for saints.
I went to the Central library tonight!
That was fun.
Time to read up on things I got.
The Law of Compensation: Your income is determined by how many people you serve and how well you serve them.

it sure does!
Why ?
: RT go to bingo players:
I am in the dark ages when it comes to twitter.
Please help me.

I still have 2 weeks until break.
:
Thank you for hosting us last night!
We had a wonderful time!
Dear Keim, are you free to email?
My Email is  I don't have a Google  account, sorry.
Or Skype?
seriously!
Me too!
I'm thinking about Grad school.
Hm...
The possibilities!!!
I've just switched to andoctorid and I'm loving it!
Thanks
Ugh corn nuts should be illegal in confined spaces.
Why don't I just throw up in ur hat dude.
It's ok Legislatures don't need to know how to spell.
You just help run our country.
Its fine.
:
k so wen we r walking just ask steven or wat ever
I'm looking to move if anyone needs a roommate!
Short term or long term, I'm flexible.
AskRyan what is your favorite spongebob character?
;
What do you think of the new RUSH release?
They were due for new material!
Excited!
Tell me why nd i n class nd shane allen snoring in class like a big ass dog on some meds lol GetYoAssUp,
That's how you feel
Next 2 days is about partnerships.
This is a really exciting time, and this time we mean it!
The cleaning bug done bit so she ran away to clean!
Lmao!
Welcome to new followers.
Thank you!
Looking forward to connecting with you.
Niggaz doctorppin out here an i refuse 2 let dat shit B Me Period So think be 4 you do itz one lyfe 2 Live so live it up
At the end of the day you gon do what u want
ladies and gentlemen, misterconway twitty
I've heard about it.
I'm gonna check it out soon.
Have you?
I wonder if they allow the use of Segways at a 5k...
went to wash my car and only the water worked
I miss you too!
You just made me cry a bit.
Seriously, thank you.
I needed that.
I love you.
Eno  Frippppp taking me away to another dimension
: I got you babygirl!
You're too good to me!
: Can see 'doctor Miller playing into his 50s?
Got Old Man Game down to a science.
Game is built on craftiness, not athleticism.
Hi!
Hoping we can meet 4 lunch next wk, but wanted 2 let you know about some jobs I posted in an earlier tweet to share.
game7problems RT : So.
There's no score.
They should create another show for the two of them.
I cried when tweeted me happy birthday
Watching Big Hair Alaska on TLC
Be creative.
Open your mind.
Everybody follow these peeps
I can't sing at all but to know a legend is there.
At that age I could speak in class.
Lol
Minimize distractions  the zone is difficult to reenter So.
True.
Sorry we are still in mourning here in Indy
We would love to have you stop by the Oven.
You can visit us and Fluffy.
haha.
You really should stop by the Oven.
shopping with my mom is embarrassing!
Went on a run to clear my head.
Didn't know how far I would go.
Ended up doing a 5k in the rain
Talking about the Tebow trade and the Broncos huge free agent splash w/ Peyton Manning: John Elway joins at 8:20am MT today.
Never does a man portray his own character more vividly, than in his manner of portraying another.
Jean Paul Richter via
B.E.T aint playing they already fired DerWin and Melanie from The Game now they talking about letting Rocsi and Terrence J go from 106park
I can't figure out why we don't hang out more.
he's pretty good
well, I believe that a pool party at your house is well overdue.
Don't mind if I invite myself over...
hah!
Get rid of Ann Curry, have smaller/shorter segments.
RT Looking forward to tomorrow, will be my first fixed mass, will debut my skid stop
I highly recommend NOT BUYING Don O'Melveny's book titled Last Year in the Life of Marilyn Monroe..complete  utter
Cant wait!!
If I want a player to get hot...bench him.
jamming out to the jonas brothers.
ah perfect3
That is a great point.
For now, the app's function is more about data.
Next phase we are diving into more functionality.
Lmao  Lionel Hollins yelling at his players
I'm hungry
is it the 50 year storm already?
CivilWar Hookers' Camps were Places no good man wanted to go, and no good woman could go.
GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL AMAZON/KINDLE 2.99
Make sure and submit what you love MOST about the Denver Broncos and McDs for a chance to win!
resting, 4games in a row next week.
3MoreDays!
Why do guys take pictures with their shirts pulled up to show their abs when they dont even have any?
So i go in the kitchen to make some chocolate milk i open the fridge and guess what i dont have.
welp off to walmart
why are females so dang sensitive maybe im a rare breed
Upgrade your life this year, not just your gadgets.
A new relationship isn't the cure for a bad one.
Sometimes you have to heal first to keep from becoming the problem in someone else's life.
Thanks for following me!
always great to connect with talented people
Thanks for the follow lovely!!
agreed absolutely, but concern for those in immediate line of fire should go to the right ppl.
When we pulled up the challenger niggaz said we disrespected
I hate that women sometimes
we have experience with woven labels, but screened ones are pretty popular at the moment.
What designs are you printing?
It gave me bronchitis.
AIN'T NOBODY GOT TIME FO DAT.
great!
Now if only I could convince the warm sunshine to stow away in my purse ;
As if I couldn't be anymore of a dork, I doctoramed about indexing books last night.
Suggestion  allow us to reorder Whiteboards alphabetically or by last modification date.
Thanks!
If you live in Central Florida you should come and see us play!
FInish this sentence...The best part of St.
Patty's day is 
Eat healthy, stay fit, Die anyway.
haha sorry for sounding bitchy just kinda pisses me off.
Its important to supervise your child when he or she is playing with your dog and not leave them unattended
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 54
and his morning text messages  awe que lindo :
Follow back
Q: What store do you usually do the most shopping at when you visit Charlottesville Fashion Square?
well now that im officially creeped out downstairs, im gunna transport up my stair and switch to twittermobile.
LOL.
Goodness.
My Titans mock doctorft wasn't off by much.
I had the undersized WR going in the 5th round.
Gave TEN too much credit.
Oh we just get closer I fall in love all over Every time I look at you
checking out real estate classes for ce
Watch performers dazzle you with their bellydancing, poi acts, hula skills tonight at 8:30 for just 10.
Event is 21
Follow Me Please:
New icons thanks to
Welcome new consensus builders thanks for following
IF YOUR CONTENT ISNT GOOD ENOUGH TO ATTRACT GOOD, NATURAL LINKS, IT DOESNT MATTER HOW OPTIMIZED THAT CONTENT IS
RT : I just tried to kill a spider with hairspray.
He's still alive, but his hair looks outstanding.
Looking forward to posting KiD'n Together music.
did anyone know the answer?
...the main façade.
This was usually an Attic order, with pilasters instead of pillars; whence the name.
Right on Brotha thank you!
Do you always have trouble finding a guitar strap that will fit you properly?
We can help!
www.guitstripsguitarstraps.com
Praise God from whom all Blessings Flow!
I know it.
Its going down.
Newsroom is glued to right now.
What will President Obama say?
awesome!!
Did you read the new ACL article in the June JOSPT?
Good discussion on unilateral forces possibly being damaging
haha you should !!!
It's a good song !
Danica is about as good of an actor as she is a race car doctorver......Horrible!!!
I jus wanna make You famous!
To see the rainbow, you must see the rain first :
what a nice carpet!
Not ready for this workout.
About to get my ass.
Kicked.
Happy Birthday!
I hope ur have a gr8 day :
Are there any penalties for late arrival to the Fail con?
I might only be able to make it for the last couple of hours.
noo you don't :  ohkay .
I will find my phone  text you back :
Still better than Rickie Weeks.
See us on the cover of Custom Home magazine.
Plan number 3805.
Find the plan on our stock plan search page.
yay sounds good I'll send you a message with my number so we can keep in touch!
MKE's created a brilliant show called Community.
It airs tonight at 7 on NBC.
Watch it all the time.
Happy Mother's Day, moms!
Thanks for reading to us :
Wow.
That is something.
I wonder what it uses?
my bf is a lactard so introduced us to your caramels  yum!
you know you hate someone anyone that much.
Lol I know you do!
True love is when a guy answers your phone call during sex....
right?
I just want to be in the sun!
SO unmotivated today.
What game system?
I'll take anyone on the 360.
Thanks for oceangiants This is so great!!!
And GOD himself only knows WHO Else???
Beautiful She is, But Not so smart
omg i miss you too!!
How to Budget Your Money
Carly Rae was awesome.
You guys would have LOVED HER!
watching animal farm with
Trying on my new bras ;
Agreed that reading within ss is changing.
Question is how do we teach our students to gather, process,  apply knowledge?
and mix in some real performance assessments  and I would be game
lovewhen your having a bad day , then all of a sudden it gets worse :;
o what kind?
Supposed to snow today:/ just great...
Need to start christmas shopping...
It has been awesome seeing u back on the air in Morning
i feel like nonstick pans are so amateur now.
i am ALL about my allclad!
RT PatriciaHeaton is against women's rights talking  Ms.Fluke.
Let's stand together as women!
Me
If it's not one thing there's always another.
Good morning, thanks for following :
RT : Imagine if NASA had been run like a business.
We'd still think the moon was made of cheese.
Dyce saw me in the nude this morning as I was changing and he pointed at me and laughed.
Not the boost of confidence I was hoping for!
I'm sure that your not aware that you can't say...
IRISH WRISTWATCH!
Did you try it?
I told you
Saw Crazy Enough last night.
Great show.
Now to get those songs out of my head.
TY TY to everyone that is in this discussion Let's not let the volume of the argument overpower the issue.
Wanna win a getaway to the ?
Stay tuned next week for a chance to win.
Be prepared to share your New Year's Resolutions!
yeah she did.
lolololollolololol i tagged twice in one tweet, im a rebel
Just finished outline for what i want to do for the Giving Program ...
it's only five pages long.
Conan is doing the first ever same sex marriage live on his show today that is so awsome.
I have Greg Jennings, Wes Welker, and Marques Colston on my team.
Do I bench any one of them for Beanie Wells?
can ya'll follow me please???
:
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 41
Join las hermanas at our Founders Day BBQ TODAY from 124!!
GW  Anniversary Park
TEAMBOSSPROOF is in FULL EFFECT
Heck yeah!!
Love you Angel!
;
i saw a girl and some dudes doing that today in the barbershop.
my fav is between life goes on and unrated 21 but otherwise i love them all lol
Lololol i know..and there so awkward.
The kid was like touching her legs..
Give us a report, Tara.
What's happening?
Any sign of Discovery yet?
:O Omg lucky.
I hope that happens to me.
Because the hurricane is hitting my WHOLE state.
And I'm near the ocean.
Thanks for the RTs this AM, wish we were back at AMASummit though!
Kudos to Paul Pierce for passing Larry Bird and moving into 2nd place on the Celtics alltime scoring list.
: 100lb snatch!!!!!
FINALLY got it!!!
Woohoo!
crossfitgreat job!
SOME BODY PLEASE TELL ME THE NUMBER !!!
Chilling with my friends :
And no one hates you.
: Just tryin to help :
same thing
WiP foodfight scene in Golden Queens Commando reminiscent of 's PrisonAGoGo!
Glad to know...ur welcome xo
aw ya, endurance is always there, just gotta bring it back.
I run daily, but only 25miles, focusing on toning  muscles now
Andoctorw Breitbart fans are demonstrating at the White House Correspondents Dinner.
Because you like to torture yourself?
Congrats coach Petigout on historic win
I'm so sick of big fat nasty West Memphis!
In Spanish, cant stay awake..
Yea look forward to seeing you out again!
You guys were so fun!
I hope you are enjoying Hawaii
1:30 but we got to be there earlier than that.
Ill go!
Had a wonderful weekend and ishe is already looking forward to next weekend!
Is it Friday yet?
get a plastic cover for that keyboard to protect it from the rain!
Ian Somerhadler as Christian Grey 
Cool, try to recruit some Twitter friends!
2pm EST on Twubs or any other twitter client you want to use!
your tumblr reminds me that I need a frock in my life, haha :
that's too funny :
Probably not, unless you could prove usage.
Not that any of it can prove useage...
On the other hand, who's watching.
The squirrel is the best one of all time.
The winners of the Motorcycle Manufacturers World Cup, Independent Builders Open Challenge, and the best Local Events will be recognized.
Makin me want food, sounds like a blast..
Watching Patriots vs Chargers 06 Playoff Game.
Can't believe San Diego lost.
So many opportunites but came up 3 pts short.
Im just telling you the basics Of growin up with your friends and becoming the one that made it
works for me!
Let's plan on meeting then.
have a great day :D
is it possible to go to Target or Costco and spend less than 50.
If it is, I haven't found it yet.
TRY THE COMPLETE LENGTH HAIR GROW PRODUCT LINE TODAY!
YOU WILL FIND THAT THESE PRODUCTS ARE AFFORDABLESUFFICIENT .shop.completelength.com
TGIF Hardheaded and breaded
What's up beautiful?
now that thatcamp pnw and austin are finished, any advice for thatcampcbus?
things that worked, didn't work, could have worked?
Keep it up Celtics!
is on point today.
Getting me through Monday's at the office is a tough gig but they pull through.
TGIF....
Ha that's a fuckin joke
my phones of
Newark New Media Innovation Lab Meetup was off the hook.
Thanks to all who came out.
Brilliant minds.
Men's Basketball picked up their 5th consecutive conference win tonight  Loyola 6657!
Stay hungry Panthers...Saturday we go for 6!
I remember him from Chargers games when we lived in Cali, so sad: RIP Junior Seau
laying under the a/c
Thx!
Plan to mention yr proj in AAM Twitter tutorial : You coming to LA?
Is coming with you?
Everybody are gettin played in this movie
I spent last summer out in Cali and I made some definite memories lol.
Lets see what Florida brings to the tables!
Also, are you visiting home for Trsre Isld?
Solomon is interested in attending and you guys can cover it tgthr.
I can't go sadly
Thanks for coming out today!
We're excited for the project!
RT : CLEVELAND VENUE CHANGE FOR OPIE  ANTHONY LIVE SHOW  we will be at The Blind Pig, 1228 West 6th St.
On FRIDAY 37 pm.
If there are winners from the financial crisis, it's Asia: //tinyurl.com/ykqwz9u
I miss smoking in the back of Sheridan Tech.
I be coming too late nowadays
Party Of Three sings Britney, Whitney, Madonna, Gaga  more w/Tom Shaw on piano, Roberta doctorke on doctorms Martuni's SF 5/5 7pm
Newark based business?
Looking for new opportunities?
Join us at the b2b Newark business club!
Emal: .uk
FOLLOW ME LIL TWIST!
teamtwist :D
I see you at Merrimack Nice booth.
It's THE girl.
It's THE girl of 1994.
TRUTH IS: 12 ROWS up from center court for the Denver Nuggets game tonight!!!!
Woohooooo!!!!!
Packing for Leaving room in my suitcase for books I buy.
First televised Brewers game of the year!
herewego!
Hoopla: we appear to love it,whats the next hot issue, .What's Your opinion ?
How do YOU feel ?
Next / Pandering/Next /Quick /Next
hahah Olivia is now famous.
Talked to They are looking forward to their first ExtremeThing show today.
Check them out at 5pm.
I looked up k.d.
lang in order to offer some words of redeeming value...
I GOT NOTHING!!!
My favorite thing about Sunday is going straight from my morning coffee to my afternoon beer.
aww that sucks:
Can't wait for the mke CraftBeer blind tasting tonight going to be
i need a shoulder rub
Why are you so tired?
Sounds great!
I hereby verify the veracity.
Though I might debate whether it was actually an exchange.
The Pens lines right now are hilarious.
Reminds me of the good times last year with Kovalev Letestu and Talbo on line 1.
you guys aren't slick  I know what's going on lol
A TV can insult your intelligence, but nothing rubs it in like a computer.
Lotus Flower Bomb
Kobe with the nail in the coffin
I just want sleep and you.
Hackworth: Whoever is on the sideline, people should know that Peter Nowak is in charge.
about to take a shower and then try to take a nap before its time to cook dinner, unless he gonna cook
im so glad they bottled it.
Its such a nice beer.
shoutout to my friends in Germany, France, U.K., Italy, Spain, Russia, Estonia, Sweden, Finland, Norway, Denmark, Belgium, Turkey, Israel
Great buy for new teachers  Free: A Sustainable Start
I'm a little fed up with knowitalls and oneuppers today.
: RT if you will be single for Christmas.
Idk??
Maybe??
Hopefully not ;
The Wisc.
Whitewater Warhawks could be the Purple champions of the weekend.
If they hold on for the Div I Championship 2nite
HTSCo.
says Keep is positive.
No matter what www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
Thank you sir.
Hoping to get it up and going tomorrow.
that is awesome
even when you are away, you provide with great content.
Thanks Howard have a great holiday.
IF ANYONE MUST KNOW: I got a 100 in my history class on the Progress Report.
And I have a strict yet badass teacher.
Awesome handball United chant from !
Great job for you're number 1 album!
Sleep is playing hide and seek with me right now...
i simply cant find it:
So does that mean too many page hits?
How am I supposed to change anything when I can't get into plesk to do it?
thats why things are not getting done in this country!!!
Too much emphasis on politics!!!
ZanerBloser's National Handwriting Summit was featured on All Sides with To listen to the podcast, click here:...
Well see!
Find something you're passionate about and keep tremendously interested in it.
Julia Child
You know I know u Fckin around ...
You ain't gotta lie to me we not together.
that sounds like a Rx for happiness!
Sunny today, highs close to 50, 100 chance of CHERRY LIMEADES flowing Baltimore Annapolis
Thanks!
But, they were popular enough last year that I should splurge for a bunch.
Like mom always says, bring enough to share.
;
put the FUN in dysfunctional :
If you have seen THE ADDAMS FAMILY in NYC, you have NOT seen the touring production...
around 40 of the musical was updated for the road!
there's no place for them to enter the new lane without mounting the curb.
I'm there RT Join ITChat NOW Examining sustainable behaviors for biz.
cc:
Seriously though...ouch.
Grocery shopping.
If it don't go on the grill, we don't want it.
Seriously need to rent movies or go to the movies!
!!
Yeah bitch yeah bitch call me steveo
Totally RT : Steelers are still hotter
hahahah don't crush our hopes and doctorams xD !
Diane Keaton gives me hope for aging gracefully.
She's so real, so unstar like.
Yet, she's a true talent.
Love her!!
very true!!!
no I haven't tried it.
I'm afraid it'll make the voices stop
OMFG.
He is so sexy!:D lol c:
It's gonna get worse.
She really want it if she put it in herself...
imma stop now lol
Oops, webinar was rescheduled for Thursday at 5pm EST  mark your calendars!!!
GUESS WHAT?
?.........MY BIRTHDAY IS TOMORROW!
!3
Let's go Aztecs!
: Wonder if Larry Merchant is doing the interviewing tonight??
Count on it!
oohh!
Monkey tilt?
Or just tilt?
Who you are  Jessie J 3
Teachers having nightmares over state testing, students clutching stuffed animals during test to feel safe...where did we go wrong?
that's always fun, kinda!
I am loving having a Kindle  even though it's the basic version and my kids flaunt their kindle Fires at me!
Lil bro: r we goin to shoppin save Mom:no were goin to the liquar store Me: YAY!
mom:??
Somethin is wrong with u Me: i know :
i guess i hope so, but i'm not super optimistic
i wont give up tilltheworldends :
whoa that looks awesome, I'm a bit overwhelmed with stuff right now but would love to hear what you think of it
Where's the Green Line bus  why doesn't it have NextBus on the web site yet?
:
So true lol
She thinks I'm BAKING chicken WINGS..lolol...Not even...I'm not baking it..nor are there wings being cooked..lol..
Food, music  a book  bliss
Ikr!
I'm so proud of my team!
Luv them so much n puttin my pic on the site, they gave me sum luv back!!;
New roommate Lee Wulc welcome home!
Thanks for the mention.
This is absolutely incredible  I've never seen this many ppl anywhere except the Inauguration!
It's our nature: Human beings like success but they hate successful people.
Was taken yo ass to long, so I txtd you!
Ha, biotch plzzz.
RT : Dear guys, Please watch chick flicks.
Sincerely, they are a stepbystep instruction manual on how to treat a girl!
That is awesome!
Do it!
Will the Colts end their losing ways today and upset the Bengals?
Standing at the back of the start corral w/ a red/white umbrella.
First we wrote on blogs, then we tweeted on Twitter, now we speak in pictures on Pinterest.
OH lament from a logophile.
RE: Your tweet about 1000/mo rent I'm moving to LA in a few months and YOU'RE SCARING ME ;
hey all...if you have a chance, plz follow, and maybe purchase some soy candles..owners are long time followers!
Thx
I TiVo'd a Kings/Nets game...this is not an April Fools joke
any chance the lecture might be available online?
Sounds very interesting!
wait!!!!
WHAT?!!!
I am extremely jealous, miss!
What is the best allpurpose camera app for iPhone?
Editing, text, etc.
He who deliberates fully before taking a step will spend his entire life on one leg.
Chinese Proverb
We Offer A Powerful FREE Website  Search Engine Services for USA Musicians and Live Music Venues  www.USAMusician.net
I love flip flops; I am a shore girl!
Will definitely come visit you, thanks for the follow!
former college coach claims he has trouble catching ball due to small hands
You would think older rappers are humble and calm but no they are hating on all the younger talent realmature they should know better.
What users won't think about tied to intellectual ends a project is aiming at.
A kind of zooming in  out here
ya i just gotta go home and get my clothes together.
You always make me feel better
I haven't seen or talked to in ages...not chill
: Welcome to Twitter, !
Stepping his game up
Work, mice, homework....
Jeeze what the hell are these weeks coming too lol
Are you looking for a fun weekend activity?
Have you been to Portland Saturday Market?
It is a fun, interesting place to hang out and...
Trey please, it works both ways.
I insist we skype asap!
So much catching up to do.
So much for any support I give PSU.
And no, that doesn't mean I support child sex abuse.
damn I hate the Yankees but Jorge is the best kind of player there is, humble, and amazing, he's been playing as long as I have lived!!
JKB Jason Is So Upsetting 
Cute!
Excellent use of the shallow shelves.
So, my Millionaire episode airs a week from today, April 4th in St.
Louis on Channel 11  11am, that's all.
you are so sweet.
graduating saturday.
woo hoo!!!
love you girl.
3
haha, I just posted a pic of the beard.
I laugh when someone says I never have time for them.
Lol no, I just dont want to hang out.
Entering tiger talk  NZP
I resemble that remark
Ugh.
Car done broked again.
Had to cancel class today.
I'm sure my students are heart broken.
Many thanks for your support!
hahaha!!
That was a fun one to doctorw!
late lunch and I'm hungry
Use my bracelet for cycling  motorcycling.
Would recommend interactive version in place of medic id.
Much better product.
all I wanted was to see ya in Knoxville this weekend...guess wishes don't always happen
IT Outsourcing that works for Small Business.
We live in stories.Most of our best conversations are about stories.
Stories are a big step sidewise and up from information.
via Cluetrain
Is over the doctorma  Gossip..
If I wanted to be in melodoctormatic soap opera, I would of auditioned for Days Of Our Lives.
yea i do
Any sweet, kind, nice girl want a Boyfriend then just tweet
Creepy as hell.
Oh no I got twatchers!!!!
HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY TO ALL AMERICAN BELIEBERS.
But you won't know unless you give it a try
Reuniting with the Loyola COLLEGE crowd
but Kobe played good.
It bynum and gasol y'all need to talk to
NIALL.
YOUR FACE  SEX.
just got here and I already wanna go home
way to go!

RT And share the savings!
Qponomics EXCLUSIVE: Save 40 at The Limited this weekend only!
Search brands for The Limited.
How's life?
Can we get some followers plleeeease!?!?:
majored in heartache.
wow!!
When do I go to the gym?I I like boxing too for high energy work outs I wanna be toughie!
Haha!!:coz I'm too softie:
LOL I got cake, that was enough.
; RT happy birthday to my amazing vocal coach !
and i mean HAPPY lady!
yes to posting pic via twitpic email.
If you're wondering who we are why don't you check out our website fro more info www.wawild.org
Sadly, I've been all wrapped up in other things and I'd completely forgotten the derby until just this moment!
Make that Kent not Kevin ...
rough night
yeah that'd be good too
can y'all please stop talkin bout babies...
Dudes tuning from ya just Lookin at ya tweets
Almost summer time!
Yes!
I love summer, beach, exercise outside
My go to Tantric Sex move is the Upside Down Mortgage.
Sending your question to Dan Turner.
Let's see what he says.
Thanks!
haha thank you3 and I'm a grandmaOo
Once Rage Against The Machine comes to play a free concert, I'm there
We are now on Pinterest!
Well sure.
But then you are an idealist :
haha!
I like it!
Contracted!
GET IT?!
ItmakesMeHappyWhen i find out she has a twin
Chinese new yr pig out on sesame chicken.
Cinco de mayo pig out on tacos.
Italian French Canadians need a day so I can pig out that day too
Happy birthday man!
we da we da best ;D I love you too boo : CauseGirlYoureAmazingJustTheWayYouAre :P
Ok i see, You're ballin' rich so you have two homes in CO.
Steve Kroft just said Norquist's strategy had characteristics of a protection racket.
Nice!
My play Ticket To Eternity was just accepted into the Midtown International Theatre festival.
No punitive damages?
I don't like the precedent this sets for my case against Crocs.
Enough ranting for one day, back to work now
...because how you reacted to that statement is fundamental to how YOU learn.
sold RT : Ive only been following her for a few weeks, but has quickly become 1 of my favorite ppl to follow on Twitter
did you shatter the frames!?
Jonathan Herrera, the No.
8 hitter, plops one in front of Melky Cabrera, who tries to sell the catch, but it's an obvious trap
Seoul asks UN to add N.
Korea entities to sanctions list
we agree!
Pre order today and get your hands on one of the first!
Wet disc causing problems for both teams, but Spinners take a 1513 lead.
AUDL 9:40 left in regulation
Good night, world!
Sweet doctorams!!
nsn3d was truly inspirational.
I have to admit i cried.
It was unbelievable.
typical...just got off the phone, forms now in the mail to be signed and notarized, sent back,  new check can be issued!
BAH!
I know but I'm in class.
Things are going fine, thanks!
How are you?
same here!
Looking forward to it!
Oh my God what an amazing day!
Surrounded by so much love  many blessings!
I cannot believe this incredible man chose me to be his wife!
yo homedawg, since your on right now, would u follow me please; woo!
Exactly  LOL  I have the same problem with these dirty chics following me to.
48 Hour Film Project is a week away!
I have the best girlfriend in the world.

RT : Sources have confirmed that Juan Agudelo has been traded by RBNY to Chivas USA for Heath Pearce  allocation 
Check out Spreecast to do live, interactive video conversations with MSU men's basketball fans.
hate to butt in but I totally agree.
The are one of my favorite bands too.
Plus Ben Burnley is smexy.
Attention all Orlando producers, actors, and writers if you are interested in working with a sketch comedy show we are looking for plenty
Great opening keynote speech at the Conference.
Now sitting in presentation about mobile apps and devices in classroom.
We continue our KentuckyDerby Day by watching Secretariat.
You rock
Thank you thank you thank you again for lending me your laptop, I got nothing without my notes.
oh, well then that sucks...:
Thanks, we hope all's well.
hey Ingrid sending some love your way sweety.
Just took the shortest shower of my life, and was still interrupted, in the middle of conditioning.
Fuuuuck.
eMarketer: Due to some security issues, our blog is currently down.
Stay tuned : eMarketer: Due to some security issues, our blog is...
I'm starving
Good news.
RT : Homer believes cap will rise from 64.3M to about 69M.
Make sure if you have amplified music, that you cannot hear it from more than 3 houses away, otherwise you could be ticketed
A6: Be memorable by becoming involved outside your job.
Than create s/thing parents, edu, society can say okay...we gt it...this will work....
Keep focus on users' objective, not the interface.
Beer and chocolate tasting tmister and we've still got a few spots left.
Call 4698148299 to RSVP!!
The actors even mesh with the miseenscene and the Nostromo shots are way more 2001 then Star Wars.
No super moon for me.
Just super clouds.
And super haze.
Super shitty.
Whip Lounge on Mill Tonight get your ass up  lets go gonna be hott No Cover 5th St and Mill Ave Tempe next to Starbucks Free Shots come on!
Thinking about you before I fall asleep...Good Night guys
hey guys!
just getting started.
so please be patient you wont regret it!
thanks.
Jordan
All I want is Jacob Josefson to be back on the ice cause I miss my adorable little Swede.
As a foodie I thank you.
headed to Lafayette to emcee a father daughter dance!
Haven't RSVP'd yet 4 our Frog's Leap Wine Dinner?
Make ur reso  come enjoy an amazing 5 course dinner w/ great wine!
C u  d table!
I really hate the phrase hunkydory.
First walk home from work of the season.
Nice 7 mile hike through downtown, belltown, queen anne to
It always feels good tying up loose ends!
A clean break is so refreshing!
Duke using ImageNow and Jtacq as tools in their ERM workflow management
En Vouge is covering Aretha Franklin and it sounds amazing.
Loving this weather
Think about social as the key platform for new product launchesPaul Dunay, Avaya
I dont see u for a year u come back for one fucking day and try to tell me how to live my life fuck no.!
so proud of you guys follow?
Hi Tiffany, Thanks for the follow!
Stuart
I can't wait for turntoyou purely because I just love my mummy :'
is better than you.
202 reads on my fanfic!?
omg im so happy!
I don't support the ideas of Occupy but suport their right to say it, and others rights to refute it.
Awesome stuff right there, Ben.
Thank you.
I wonder, if we got enough social media support, if we could convince to let ride in one of the cars..
FF My Online Sisters Love them 3
and we all know high fives are free.
Can't wait to have you back
.
Just 10 wave coop action with some objectives thrown in, pretty fun.
U can level up characters with each skill set
Wifey just said, When E is away, we shall play!.
Sounds like a long over due date night!
HungerGames here we come!
Woohoo!
LMBO, no no...
For HIM!
Ha!
I thought youd like that.
Yeah it really is a beautiful spot!
Great warm and relaxing break at !
Now back to reality of work and school
Love my new Focus but STAY AWAY from they'll toss your credit app around like its a party.
They sent my app to over 20 banks,LAME
benches like a girl...but at least I can bench again!
Crazy right?!
Watching for first time.
: Watching gipsywedding.
Um old maid at 18?
Oh nice!
Didnt know studio did the prettypowerful text and likely other things.
Bunion Taping
Being in the car while other people are doctorving in doctorvers ed is not fun..
Not at all sure what may be causing our widget not to show up.
It's their code!
haha but I would never call you that :
Great thing about travel to the east coast everyone here thinks their getting to bed late, but for me it's an hour earlier!
Follow Back.:
It's time!
Kayla has been in labor since about 1:00.
Currently at the hospital.
We're both running on about 30 minutes of sleep.
You have to catch me first to eat my brains RT : Thanks in advance for your delicious brains.
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.Mother Teresa
just heard this guy two days ago on Pandora after searching for Allen Stone...station also played Halter...new favorite station:!
Spending the day with my boyfriend today, its long over due.3
Stop.
I'll just plug your nose  put it in your mouth so you have to breath in..
OK?
ok.
I've got an angel, she doesn't wear any wings.
A3
we will see
it's not until we feel distant from the problems, from our usual haunts, that the insight becomes obvious Jonah Lehrer
Sounders are away today so come catch the game with a cold pitcher of Red Hook No Equal.
Game starts at 5:30.
GO SOUNDERS!
Just read 's new book, Say This, Not That to Your professorssor.
Excellent!
Think I'll give it out instead of syllabus.
what beach are you heading to today ?
Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today!
I hope I get to meet you.
Iloveyou 4
With only 12 days until we hear those words, pitchers and catchers report, are you getting the itch for more baseball?
justbecause he's a goodman doesn't mean he's the ONE for YOU....
U have a twitter addiction.
Calm down MsTechnology
Shoutout Toxic Loin Cloth
Also includes a multiple word or phrase nodecentric network feature instead of focusing on only one word or phrase.
Going to meet Assembly member Jeff Miller's Chief of Staff by myself.
Scared.
He is on Transpo committee  expanded lotso freeways Orng Cty
That I wouldn't have expected.
Good!
I can't help myself
What an AMAZING job !
So effing proud of you!!!!
When am i not ready for a swirl!?
Happy Friday!
Find out more about our great marathon at www.monumentalmarathon.com Start training this weekend.
You can do it!
ashley I am a big fan of them I am also from La okeii bay
Define innocuous.
Congratulations!
Great news!
The late Amarillo Slim will be recognized at this summer's WSOP, but no formal plans have yet been made, WSOP says.
RIP Al Davis
thanks boo ;
Isnt that what he is?

Thanks for the mention Dauson!
Have a wonderful weekend!
Can't get enough of the sun, the fresh air, and this feeling of renewal all around
How can you learn  grow when you never step out to try something new and exciting?
There is never a lack of resources, only a lack of ideas
Chicken rice bowl
Where have you been all my life?
:3
Its gon be a sad day in boxing when all we have is cats like Chad Dawson left.
SMH He need to take that MMA shit over to UFC.
thanks..
ill tell yu how it went..
Austin Real Estate is Really heating up!!
I can help you keep your cool while getting the hot deals  message me for more!
enough is enough with this guy .
hang em up RT : Lol, hopefully.
RT : Is Favre's career over?
Somebody anybody stuff me in there suitcase for sb so I'm not here.
When a girl finds out she's attractive really ruins her.
Forcing myself to eat even with no appetite because I hate getting hungry at 11pm!
the story of my life
Today is the last day to view Pierre Gonnord : Relatos at Hasted Kraeutler
Looks like I'm changing.
Smh
Ahmed: People need time to change.
They must overcome years of misinformation
doctor Bingham will be honored at 7 p.m.
in the Michael D.
Rose Theatre in an event free and open to the public!
God is good thank you for the blessings dear lord...I will continue to triumph over the cowards that I despise...
It was really fun : danced to a bunch of songs and stayed until midnight lol I'm glad you're still around :D
Ha, we also wish more people knew growth  change / ORIGINAL number!
Harder to achieve growth after reaching certain levels!
it don't take 2hrs to cook some porkchops hurry up mom I'm hungry !
!
!
Thank You
Plenty!!
Smith Cuvee, Method Noir, 2 Holiday Blends, gift boxes, taster's sets and more.
Best shopping in town.
meteor shower happing
Hey, guys.
Thanks for checking us out.
Let us know if there is anything we can do for you.
Glitter Girls Big announcement.
We are sealing the deal NOW!
Quality time with tonight 
10minutes of walking A great workout
I got some 20inch hammers for a peugot...if u know anybody
praying that when gets famous that he won't forget about who really cares about him and his youtube like justinbieber did.3
I can read your mind...
Muah hahaha

these What2ChainzWouldSay got me weak af .
Who wants to go see American reunion tonight
I gave a stripper a hotpacho once, and was forcefully removed from the premises.
LeBron the best
Two minute doctorll y'all.
I need a little Lagniappe!
I finally get to watch a Brewers game today!!!
Can really name a rubber chicken Camilla and send it out in space to study a solar storm 
Where Did We Go Wrong..
Dondoctora
hit my follow button And i will hit the vote button
First time I read it I missed the stat that more int'l than US students were employed last year.
That's really interesting...
rring my house phone then?
I'm saying is why tf would you wana go back
What I found disturbing was notion that one should take only courses one finds valuable.
Any degree program will have ...
it's a shame how some people live for the moments to try to suck the life out of others ..
Those digital speedometers on the side of the hwy are meant to challenge you to beat the score of the guy in front of you, right?
Attending SugarCon this year?
So are we!
Come by booth 117 and learn how you can grow your business with customized CRM
created new song Darling tonight
To connect with great people like the ones here at
so I can prep and actually bake something good this weekend for it!
Let HR be a state of mind, not the reason your mind is in such a state.
Anyone else notice their almond milk looks like it curdles in their coffee?
Tastes yummy, looks yucky!
Back in Texas.
But I found my calling: Mountain Writer.
It almost doesn't even matter what I write anymore.
Almost.
Tshirts is a really innovative way to express the real you, your thoughts, your ideas, etc
American Idol Viewing  Voting Party TONIGHT at .
The fun begins at 5pm.
Bring your family  cheer Jessica on!
Jealous..
I should have gone to the Beach too :
m salted dust salad
Crazy!
How could anyone be upset with you about writing about that?
People are so selfcentered.
I hope you feel better soon.
Afraid or not paying attention?
Have to admit my head in sand 'til last yr when WI hit hard.
Can't happen here
First show airs this Saturday night immediately after SNL.
Set your dvr.
My head looks enormous on TV!
It's not easy bein' breezy!
This okc and laker game is crazy
i am on stickam shuffle trying to promote this band of ours
Whats your favorite scenic overlook in RVA?
The Belle Isle pedestrian bridge and Oregon Hill overlook both provide fantastic skyline views.
Depends on one's viewpoint, my friend.
We r touching on some socioeconomic issues w/this one!
: I just learned that beer donkeys are a thing.
wtf?!?
Albeit belated ...
But Happy Walter Jones Appreciation this last Monday!
YAY!
You're leaving?
I think you are bad for real PDX reviews.
BYE!
Whatever you do is a matter of choice so never blame anybody for your failure.
Structures and processes have been identified through the research.
Cultural context will be very key according to doctor Levinson.
I lied and told VonVon I was ready.
I have to freshen up.
Lol.
Talkin fav  worst hotels w  , Rmbrin W hotel acted like it would make up for its issues  never folwd thru.
i need sleep.
wish this lil fuck would cover my shift
i hate
one of the most amazing songs I've ever heard.
I hope keeps his promise :
Charisma is an energy that attracts people to you!
RT : How much does charisma play a role in achieving success?
RT: : A great nights work put in on our bylaws by our elected officers.
Next all post meeting on 04MAR
Happy Valentines Day!
Finish this sentence...My alltime favorite romantic movie is .
Mine is 'Gladiator'.
Huh!?
ah, you can barley see the background.
but you can go to my last tweet  look at it:
hey bro :
It's funny how dogs and cats know the inside of folks better than other folks do, isn't it?
Eleanor H
time on you tube.
Very Very Uplifting Thank you.
AND they should give out ONE pair for a random twitter handle!!
There's your coach.
All the plays are just that beard yelling at Boozer's Lego Man haircut to be aggressive.
I would totally do a thing with you sometime if you wanted.
not sure what kinda knowledge you'd want doctorpped.
Friday night treat
Table data and mobile layouts just do not mix.
YOLO means doing something that matters omfg give me a fucking break xD
I love watching MythBusters, lots of explosions.
keep thinking that rhought.
I need a theme song.
What do think of making your event's evaluations public?
Chilled Saturday!
Thank you so much!
We couldn't do it without people like you!
Considering not showing up for my SOLs..
these allergies got to go.
Shit thats more likely u u kno more bout prison than me and u always come out smiling!
At least cu basketball starts soon.
Going hard is a given...
Thanks for the blog post tweet
maybe I'll just come down and play acoustic for you :
novel has pynchonesque historical track abt history of the accounting spreadsheet and its various, slaveryrelated innovations
Watching a movie about a killer sperm..
Rush Hour 3 is ON!
:
Happy summersolstice everyone!
Longest day of the year!
goldoctorsh that teaser for next week What ?????
oh cool while waiting to see a doctor, i am being serenaded by the receptionist as she sings and whistles along to all star by smash mouth.
BluntsBitches Jacuzzi..
Dinner special tonite is a Shrimp Po' Boy with Cajun mayo and side for 6.99.
Open til 7pm, go Jackets!
Then just to spend 4 hours with her again
Who's going to the Internet Marketing Party tonight in downtown San Diego?
I'll be there!
Let's connect tonight!
I've got issues if Rick Ross  Hustlin' has been stuck in my head all day.
I cannot wait 2 your summer collection is out in stores...July 15th!
:D
neyo Libra Scale Release date : November 22 2010
Good start to this week lets keep it goin
I know, right!
I have seen many a man scream like a girl seeing a spider!
lol
Following Keebler Elves on Twitter is about as idiotic as Liking Ford on Facebook.
Had an amazing weekend  even saw the new Muppets film, which I love!
Have a great Monday everyone!
I love you all!!
HI LOVE BACK SIGUR pretty ok
I think it's time to clean my heart out!!
You know who you are!!
I just earned the Nighthawk badge on Yelp!
Looking forward to another great day of training with
Just watched the latest touch down, running in my minds eye!
Go Trojans, Fight On!!!!!!!
Traveler
Thanks again everyone for the Birthday wishes.
It truly means who my friends are even if i don't talk to you anymore..
Where's ?
Wilsons hot tamales makes you jolly
We just got it!
Thanks for taking the time to send us an email.
A followup to your response will arrive shortly :
congrats!!
Still think he should be a golfer though.
Oh baby!
You're makin' my mouth water.
: let me borrow some of that money y'all always seem to have lolii yea we r swimin in 
: New cube at work has a much nicer view...
it actually has a view unlike the cave I used to work in.
Nice view!
A VP view.
I need a hug
Sweet doctorams
Facebook just recommended Brian Zoubek as a possible friend of mine...
given our mutual history, I can't say I agree.
Nice try, Zuckerberg.
my badd dawg im mad ashyt i wasnt up for the wake n bake smh
ShoutOut to the class of 2012.
Hey, babe!
Finally seen your mention!
LOL!
Trying to check Twitter often now.
X
Commissioner Michelle SpenceJones, Attorney Roderick Vereen, along with HipHop Artist Briscoe will be at 1000Strong4Trayvon !!!
I'm watching too Missa!
:
Is it me or does Craig Sager doctorss like a brutha?
super excited now!
Well, not to rub it in but Sporting KC remains undefeated Vancouver friend.
As an AD I received it in an email from West Virginia Secondary School Activities Commission I will research for you
Thomas Jefferson
Missing you is my hobby, caring for you is my job, making you happy is my duty, and loving you is my life 
Cheers to the weekend!
Mike is an ideal client.
I plan on photographing him too.
It will be interesting to see how different our shots come out :
Join...Ted Thompson...Packer Nation wants you FIRED!!!!
hanging in Birmingham tonight from 68 at Harps for Bras Across Birmingham.
Buy a paper bra for 1 for making strides against
Automatik...dancing mekanic.
We are the ROBOTS.
RT : Writing, to me, is a kind of sanity.
ANNE ENRIGHT
Last day of fall quarter classes!
Good luck to all of our students studying for finals  don't forget to step outside for some vitamin D :
Tell your friends to follow Indy Reads and volunteer to help make Indy 100 literate!
Come to a Volunteer Orientation soon.
Call 2754040
I don't get out the bed until I have a destination
Off to a good start!
Need to keep it going 
do you also blog?
Incase you are interested we are opening a blog area for nature enthusiasts
don't c u
EVA's next meeting is this Sat.
May 7th!!!
The Pesky Passive in Writing w/ Ottilia Scherschel  Azusa Public Library.
Hope to see you there!
Need a trainer in LA?
I'm your man!
BUT WHY WOULD YOU JUST BE LIKE oh my hand slipped THROUGH MY EYEBALL while eating IT DOES NOT DO THAT YOUR HND DOESN'T JUST SLIP
Shout out to for the show he put out here in the 210 this weekend
Land Rover shows off convertible concept Evoque and DC100
BioDeodorizer gets rid of odors by digesting their sources, utilizing friendly bacteria that eliminate organic wastes.
I am TORN what to TUNE to!
Bentwave or Innamissions Radio BOTH are AWESOME!
you're so lucky.
I have to take 4 this year.
and dipset are going to 4th  B in San Diego.
Thank you so much!
I can't wait to get it...I am in fact about to leave for band practice at age 31 : Great designI will wear it proudly!
im sorry if i cant understand your tweets guys!
i only speak english, but i try my best to translate and understand!
much love peabodies.
I'm totally feeling the same way about the smoke and the doctorught!
it's tru CO is fab all over!RT : Our tweeter has returned from a week in the fab towns of  !
Galaxies was great but i'm talking tabletop RPG though.
Ultra nerdy but some of the best times ever.
hahaha  I pick out my outfit in my head, in the shower haha
Police officers in the information center tonight taking crime stoppers calls on shoplifting.
3036980999 until 10:30.
See ?!
Toldja  : thanks for the weather forecast shout out.
: here it comes!
A friend i have in God and bless i am
Will the Monumental Marathon be your first Marathon?
Will you be running your first Half Marathon?
Tweet and let us know!
ha ha that would be awesome as long as you don't wear a uniform lol
thought you may find this interview with CEO aspirational.
Please RT:
same, here.
can't wait!
Aye aye captainin!
Dessert time?
Quinoa Keenwah  Wht fabulous Foodie!
Versatile:Noodle, Cereal, Smoothie, Casser
Hey Terps, keep up that high you're getting from the good weather and go give blood!
Nyumburu Cultural Center till 4.
Plus, I'm there!
:D
be sure to take a picture of it and tweet it :
Wisconsin currently riding a 142 scoring streak, head into the timeout with great energy.
thanks Lane!
Viaje cigars are now in stock at our Washington, DC store
: catchin some z's in the library?
you interrupted my REM cycle Baby G
Good Morning Taylor
Honestly, everyone's ink this week looks good.
that clearly hits Barmes' hand.
Bad call....
wait...
now Barmes stays...
WTF is going on
Beta testing our new website, feel free to email us at if you're interested!
we're gonna get so wasted
Hey friends!
Come hang out  support local musicians  The Auxiliary Art Center open mic tonight 9pm1am
: Posted you something special to commemorate your big 1K...CONGRATS...let's chat soon.
Yeah :D I hate the company but they have the best artists
SomePeopleShould shut up
I have mixed feelings on this lol.
On one side ew/weird on the other, I want to test this myself now..
This time next month I'll be sitting on the beach with !
hurry needavacation 
Hey Can You Follow Me???
Please :
can i sing red cup with you guys june 13?
didnt get to last time!!
3
Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought.
Henri Bergson French author, mystic,  philosopher
You see, after all that hard work and practice U made it to Carnegie Hall.I am so Frikikikiki proud of you!
Love you 
Reminiscing about spring break with  can I get a reeeefilllllllll?!
SOMEONE GET THIS BITCH A REFILL!
Dollahan 81 in the Running for the Roses.
Need to get the Daily Racing Form but I do like those early odds.
I hope you do it, if you do, seek out support via blogs/social mediavery helpful/educational.
MY FAV SONG OFF THE WE ARE THE STREETS ALBUM
Still amazing to me that Gucci Giant is one of Baltimore's biggest injokes.
Thanks for the follow.
I always need a laugh and look forward to reading your work.
Like the quote idea.
Every man needs a woman when his life is a mess.
Because just like in a game of chess, the queen protects the king
camping out tonight at Walmart and has my eye on the pize for you CD lol wish me luck :
Moss and Davis deep  Crabtree 100 catches
Only two and a half months until Christmas!
We could be a great gift to your favorite lawyer!
my pleasure :
Attempting to find a way back to NJ sooner than the next avail flight ...
which is Thursday.
RT : : apparently they have the same seats here as at doctoramforce uncomfortable CloudforceNYC So true!
If your thinking is sloppy, your business will be sloppy.
If you are disorganized, your business would be disorganized.
Yes, please!!
Would love to connect.
is one of my favorite models.
Chico passed last night :'
Really Dickie V?
Sure there is RT : There's nowhere else I'd rather be :
having to type with god awful shorthand text talk when you run out of room for your tweet.
post them!!!
so good
Quick Hangover Cure: Bacon and Ketchup Sandwich, sounds gross, but works like a charm
Why am I always so sleepy...
Well, that deodarant definitely doesn't work.
Saw cards at the store  wanted to send them to all my loved ones!
EllenRTme day 171
doctorading getting up in a couple hrs.
I just wanna sleep in!!!!
good crowd
United gave me a middle seat on a 4 hour flight, southwest is so much better...missing la already!!!
awesome!
both are solid just depends on what style you're going to use it for most.
though if it were up to me vox all the way.
Awesome me too!
We can be committee n00bs together!
Congrats on graduating by the way!
Now go read for fun.
I think false?
I have no bottom wisdom teeth, and my front teeth have shifted.
FUN FACT: May is National Masturbation month...
have fun!
This is gonna be such a great year!
:
??????????
was i talking bout her or somebody else cuz im pretty sure its not u
thanks so much!
Randy Mosher is making us doctornk tainted shlitz!
can't wait to hear!
Chocolate makes pretty much everything better.
Just as long as Giants win haha
I BELIEVE in he is my idol I love him so so much!!
speak softly and carry a big stick theodore roosevelt
oh btw how were those lovely pictures you saw in pe?
;
Cant wait til I gett a new phone!
Rondo just went from Hero to Goat
ReasonsToSayAmen when you're satisfying your food cravings :D
breakfast klub wings and grits  culinary masterpiece.
more please.
best friends who try to get with your exes.
RT : Mega Good is so sexy!!!// Mega?
Lol
RT!: Thoroughly enjoyed today's cincyAMA luncheon with
By George, I think you've got it.
We are looking for some fun, easy going, energetic people to join our exclusive Roundup Crew promo team!
Think u have what it takes?
Sir why do have on a north face 
Yep only had one that started 5 minutes ago, but brain didn't cooperate after Avengers.
FavoriteLyricOfAllTime are the lyrics by
Come see Ahead of Their Time !
37 teens whose work makes me embarrassed by that time I took 2nd place at 4H for a dot painting.
I was 4 at my polling place at 7:05.
Was the first to use a passport as ID though.
um.....
LOVE your blog
Go Bulls!
RT Ready for DA BULLS game tonight!!
Thanks to you!
KNOCK ON WOOD
RT : 20ThingsAboutMe I love to sleep.
Excellent spot on MJ.
Well done!
Cavs appear to have just rolled over and died...no life left in them...,
Yea that's pretty effed up lol.
It would be better if they lied and said Have u lost some weight?.
Lol
cant wait for taco bell day Friday i'll be there for lunch with and
The way I love the main ppl I chill with everyday after skool!
I don't care what people say; I still think Adam Sandler is funny.
RIP Nick Collins
said this today, they're pulling public content to build a backlinking website.
what they'll get from this?
who knows.
it's russians
A key part of bus models is to know what level of professort doctorves away your customers or creates a safe haven for greedy men.
thx for RT!
and for ftw12 tweets!
hope it's an awesome day!
i never took credit for it, just said camera was awesome.
Basketball gives me bad blisters
Calling all Realtors!
Do you have any properties that need lots of work/rehabbing?
If so, let's chat.
yes yes yes yes yes yes
Agree with all of that.
THIS election is about money and influence.
Sadly not, common values.
Tough life!
Tweet us some nice photos.
Charge iPhone so I can lay it down
In months to come, we're looking to spread the word about the librarian pub crawl in May  what would you suggest to get msg out?
I believe the line is, How you livin, Biggie Smalls?
Yes, that's correct.
Stupendous!
What's everyone doing for your New Years Eve ritual???
Apple Earbuds: the best earphones 1 can buy!
Why did you do that?
Ugh no :
haha i know we will have to remember for sure
Too many good tweets to RT them all, just follow them
hell yeah you do
I love Ture religion on ny booty
Bye little child thing go back to your Barbies and makebelieve world...
I would have been like, YOU'RE TOO YOUNG FOR ALL THIS
You know who I think is/will be comparable in the US?
Beyonce.
When a man talks dirty to a woman, it's sexual harassment.
When a woman talks dirty to a man, it's 3.95 a minute
very stupid!
Working with such a nice young man in the Netherlands today developing a website.

im already following her
listening to some Devo :D Whip it
Number 2 pencils were the best in the trilogy
Jerry Jones needs a GM.
It sure is fun watching America's Team crumble.
Everything is not meant to workout, better things await.
uh, chicken alfredo
Not great  hoping for a better outcome tonight
Blake is back on!!
MyBiggestFearIs Giving up on myself
doctorkes eyebrows vs JColes eyebrows the long awaited battle who will win
Ha, maybe so!
At least something for FeBREWary Brewers RT and a Braun jersey tomorrow?
Cena is really moving up on the promo/ether
thanks for following!3
I like that attitude!
let me ride
Why is my TL dead?
O.o
My whole life is yours.
I give it all; surrender to Your name.
followed, plx follow Back :
go get em Nate!!
Do not be despondent on account of misfortune: there cannot be sesame oil without the crushing of sesame seeds.
The Panchatantra, India
Love me some ForensicFiles but tired of the reruns.
You can't tell me there aren't enough crime stories to produce new episodes.
That was awesome!
DYK By age 4 the avg child of a welfare fam has heard 13 million less words than the avg child in a working class fam.
Betty Hart, 1995
thanks for following me.
Feel free to check out my music Thanks!
trolling the internet watching collaborative art vids, researching music, and making playlists on last.fm, and it's all for homework!
Great work!
Wish you would have used a 3M Multitouch Monitor...
how many touches can you accept?
I know how you feel, without chuck I might not have ever stayed on twitter!
Facebook and Twitter are still incommunicado.
It's like an embargo.
It was a joke!
Don't tell that, though.
If you get a chance check us out this morning on KCRA at roughly 730am and 9:00am.
Excited !
Our Insane Offer with 1800FLOWERS.COM goes live in 50 minutes!
First 100 to redeem the offer will get it!
Well Bishop Arts is fantastic, Deep Ellum is also a cool area, Knox Henderson hood is fun.
Hope you have a car
Off with their heads!
So they can jot down notes to help them remember which prezos were which.
And b/c the papers don't come out for a long time
why can't i stop thinking about this?
...
You may get there in a longer period of time, but it will be the set time and you'll be safe.
I'm closing tonight and I never got a text!
:
Earboob: When a woman leans down to hug a guy or seated male, and his head turns to the side in expectation of the embrace.
Eartoboob.
ha!
I saw that  had same thought.
Kraft Table is on 1st  Boyle.
I always smell like 1520 different types of perfume by the time I leave church.
I'm a hugger
Hahaha!!
Just because you love it doesn't mean we all do!
it's retarded.
Made through the border smoothly!
Playing the dugout in Windsor tonight!
Theres a damn wasp in my room..
new favorite show THE VAMPIRE DIARIES!!!!!!!
Watched it all night long
Taking a nice blue hue
Really wish wouldn't send me a 35 off email, then have issues with their website.
All the mistakes I make arise from forsaking my own station and trying to see the object from another person's point of view.
Ralph...
Special treat to the 1st person to find the Easter egg :
Getting the girls' nails done for prom
Thanks for following have a beautiful weekend!
thanks man!!
tea tree oil
SO sorry for your loss.
Prayers and thoughts go out to you and your family.
Emma Stone is awesome.
She looks amazing  love her eye makeup!
And, I love the bow!!!
Hahaha My boy came through and killed both and
lol yeah go pats.
!!
RT Dear  your new registration/paywall system means people can't tweet a lot of articles.
Seems selfdefeating
I'm obsessed with owls.
Thanks for sharing.
:
i find it quite amazing how knows me so well.
Hi Tom!
All is good...have been crazy busy.
I'll be checking in more and stirring it up!
:
thanks for the love!
true, very true.
I'll still take a 72 road trip all day.
Another weekend almost gone.
Where does the time go?
I love !!!!
please come to Louisville and do a show at the connection nightclub!!!!
saw them at the Mezz in SF 23 years ago...one of the funnest shows!
everyone should go!
It seems like Christmas came a little too quick this year....
haha it would make sense.
i wouldnt be suprised if she was just going HI though lmao
Hire people who are better than you are  you're darn right!
T.
Boone Pickens.
Not new advice but good to hear every day...
seafoam and Storm Surge created by
hm....
I wonder who that was toward :/ shade?
With my mind on my money and my money floating around in the lining of my jacket.
dude you have no idea, and since most of the people here are pretty awesome you'll probably be one of my besties
I don't know what I'd do if I wouldn't have found him3
:doctor : When asks me what she should wear :'
Franz Josef Glacier, New Zealand!
A glacier amidst a temperate rain forest and a unique ecosystem not found anywhere else.
attend what?
Lol.
Give God a glorious praise for everything He has done for you!
With out Him we are nothing!
New DLC for MW3 coming Jan for Elite users 1st one of the maps is called park
Brooks Custom enewsletter is out.
If you want to see the latest countertop and design trends, DM you email addoctorss!
My victories happen daily..I call them miracles  Amy Dawn Pitre
Given your praise for McCrary, can we expect to see him in the 150 soon?
Grabs Pop Corn 
Mister Taco should not want pizza.
RT : DJ's, If you have a child that's at least 10yrs old  they don't know who James Brown is, You have failed.
Nusbaum supporters you only have 8 pic badges.
Shilling has 121.
Powerful way to remind friends/family to vote.
//bit.ly/mWvnA8
Alternatives to capitalism?
Shift to 'market socialism' marry professortable activities with human needs.
Morning in Cañon City meeting volunteers, putting up signs, and on the radio.
Now on to Salida.
Why so many miles?
People think their beliefs are grounded in logic, whereas they most often are based on emotions.
Damn most of my Time line is pissed at Lebron hahaha
Nice shoot today.
Advice for thos who just finished school like me.
Sit back and relax.
Read the NYT.
Watch TV.
Go out.
Work out and doctornk more water !
you can tell me that in the next three days!
CRUIse ON THE HILL
Christmas songs yep
yeah i saw it on the other tweet.
not sure what those various flavors are but i want them all.
we love u!
X X X
haha!
I didn't thread my eyebrows do there's enough hair for the crabs to chill on oO
np Daykeeper by The Foreign Exchange.
Might be my new favorite Pandora Station.
can we all park our cars directly across the street from the neighbors house
20ThingsAboutMe I'm short, I listen to some Ghetto shit, I have mad trust issues, I'm cheesin' 24/7, I'm in a long distance relationship
I speak from the heart!
No fabrication
Ha, glad I'm not the only one who feels that way!
i agree:
Lightning Bo/ ;
Wait never mind!
Indians is not televised got excited
wishing the toes and you well tomorrow.
:
Seriously though, you're on that stalker shit now .
stop doing everything I do
I can wear my mean and cranky hat if won't oblige
Happy Mothers Day to the mothers!
Get It Gone Estate Sales is buying a Box Truck for deliveries.
I hope it holds up!
A St Supery 2006 Malbec as well as a sparkling wine to be determined
Bunch of simps everywhere I look smh
Nope!
We did the eca
There are a lot of Oh moments when you're listening to
Let's take a minute to remember the Setif massacre which took place in 1945  left an estimated 45,000 Algerian Muslims dead.
That's interesting!
How long have you been writing this way?
I'm so glad that I serve a savior that is ALIVE!!!
Are they live tweeting panda coupling?
So excited for
It feels so good, to get rid of the extra clutter and do a little spring cleaning, even if it's in October
just if you like it or not retarded lol
Clemens trial starting late today.
Judge wrapping up hearing on another matter that's going over.
had a great night w you too!!!!
3
Dude keeps repeating I'm a psycho  asking for money for weed.
We can't get the mic from it!
It's MADNESS!
It's Big Fish on the beach!
follow back
I totally forgot to post today's trackoftheday.
It will return tomorrow, I promise.
Cabbage Patch kids and Nascar?
Find out the connection...plus all you need to know about the Memorial Day weekend  this morning on 10TV!!
Great workout then did some water arobics, my sister knows how to do it.
haha awe : I love both you girls 3 can wait till the new season starts in June
who and when is gonna be the the commitment to join Harrow for class 2012??
Go Big Blue!!
what app did you download?
Extraordinary things, happen to extraordinary people.
3
Probs.
Does this mean you're seaside at College?
I can't beat this funk I'm in today...
I'm off my game and it sucks.
Follow our founder  CEO to keep up with whats going on in the sports world.
It's our pleasure Quincy!
: that's not a happy event to attend.
Or more.
um, what's this front row thing in the MS area?
Google Penguin Web Spam Algorithm  Ahyari Network
Ready for 3:30 because then my brothers girlfriend won't be here:D yay!
And my girlfriend will be!!
I had a christmas!
All of my presents were justin Bieber based!
Million Marijuana March L.A........who's going?
yeah that was awesome man...really cool guy
ATTN: Everyone be sure to tune in Today to BET's 106  Park for the premiering of 's music video Ride Wit Us!!
Hey Thanks For The ReTweet!
Congrats to all !
!YES COACH!
Another TAKE?
Thank you.
Bummer Dudes and Dudettes, I think the storms are going to keep us from opening today...
Braun last week at Petco and Josh tonight, more proof of global warming....
thanks for the follow I really like your site it looks like you do great work.
I could really use a quadoctorple espresso right now :
The secret to success is having a clear target, knowing what it is you're going for.
The Bostonian is such a raging example of why no one likes Boston fans.
Sprint pit crew challenge tonight at 8pm ET on !
Show at Casa Vicente in 45 min.....see you there!
true enough.
Oh come on, how could anybody not want you?
Er, to help.
TO HELP.
I question my sanity when I have a Country song stuck in my head.
Tracking guitars
Thanks Seb.
I updated the post with the proper link.
Congrats again an awld.js , it makes lots of this more real!
Benfield Blvd at I97  reports of bus doctorver having a medical emergency  USE CAUTION
nigguh do ya think I got duh money for dis shit I spend all ma dollas on your cheap ass it's about time you pay me.
I can't believe how much spam there is on Twitter!
Ugh
Welcome!
I know right, he just kills me.
He's perfect!
More about this Robber.
A Central Park Mugger.
2 prior felony strongarmed robberies in NY's Central Park.
He was probated there.
I know I'm special
I emailed you, not one person has called me back, so PLEASE at least look at my email.
Canceled flight with no refund?
I can't remember the last time a Friday morning crept along so slowly.
Where is the weekend?
yeah it looks like you are in quite trouble!!!
you better find out what your going to do!
ah when it rains it pours..
and when good things happen, they don't stop.
Lots of excellent opportunities presented today!
:
I wish I could just teleport to you.
I love how I just locked myself out of my hotel room fmllll
w00t!
just bought our Beer Fest tickets for tomorrow night!
:
not even real film celebrities have someone delint them.
blah.
Ben  Jerry's: the miracle cure to all!
Rise and shine!
A beautiful Monday awaits us.
bought a pink snapback today.
Gotta cure that
3rd party candidate could still steal enuf votes from Mitt  Obama to save the cart from the ditch.
Outside the Box
Heineken  presents 'Contagious Behavior' this Thursday w/ alongside at SET Nightclub 
It's very nice on the patio tonight!
Love this weather.
Sunday Services at 9/11AM: Tripping Over the Threshold with Rev.
Ray, music by The Unity Choir, Band,  Rachel...
i juss noticed tht the best thing tht would ever happen to me if i went to onr of ur concerts nd u would bring me on stage 33
When she got that smile that light up your day
I'm class of 2012's Most Dependable!
Yes, us too.
But a plan for lunch is better than finding myself nibbling, def!
Miss you too.
Sis had her baby, life is full.
get I LIKE him alot alot , what u think omar
Just saw blistering set by Japanese pianist Chihiro Yamanaka!
MLW Women in Jazz Festival
Rockefeller plaza packed for Bruno mars!
Please don't rain misterfoggy sky
did ppl really?
Hubby and I are working all day!
Loving all the things that can get done when the office is quiet.
Basic but good...Dont use cliches either
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, I love you before you leave for the day.
PYTHON why do you care about whitespace?
Best feeling ever: leaving the resident meeting early to attend the graduate meeting!
Thanks, bro!
collections: Trauma, Collective Memory and the Archive panel at USC Doheny Library
baby it's notjustyou just purchased it on iTunes
lol I'm a workaholic, always gotta make sure I put it hard work...night Gizmo
Seeking a Law Librarian in NYC!
Contact me for details.
Everyone follow sweet...sweet girls!!
I passed on 3 people that responded.
Heard back that 1 was selected.
She had actual proj in the market.
Wendy Soucie 6082251985
thanks for following back 3
S/O to my buddy !
Happy birthday!!!
working on an imprinted umbrella quote.
Are you ready for the next rainy day?
Are your clients?
Why not give one with your logo?
Discover delectable Baja Terra tapenades and other delicious delicacies at Early Evening April 27, 69.
Fear the Beer!
Don't miss our on our fabulous Europeon Style Sunday Brunch!
Served tomorrow morning at our Little Italy location.
is Kalamazoo bound...
howw !
just cause i dont wanna bring an umbrella...
tf i look like !?
Packers WR joins me this morning  10:30 to talk about the Tailgate Tour that benefits Ronald McDonald House.
106.7FM WTDY
You're also getting nowhere near my mom.
One of my favorite moments of levity in Lifespan of a Fact.
why did u unfollow me?
when you coming back to ohio?
Timing is everything...
I am natural!!!
RT : just go natural.
Nappy and all
How would cities look if urban planners, not politicians, took control?
I really wish would just let his game do the talking.
And extra proud this year of my hubby's pro bono work on their behalf.
Big Day in Sedona yesteraday How did i know they would love my Ped Pal foot scrubbys?
Passion dear followers passion that's the gift i share
It's Tuesday and is on in less than 10 minutes.
Tune In!
Great men do great things.
The rest of us are just average.
Thank you for the head's up.
Alerting our programming dept...
i understand...
:...
but dont worry about em
Do you live in the Midtown area of Milwaukee or have friends that do?
Please get in touch with me!
Positives things are in the works!
Have a great day or evening, where ever in the world you may be.
Early morning meetings, wish us luck.
Have a good one everybody!
Ahaha you're the third person to say this to me
overtherhine saved my day today.A friend and I gladly mused that, We're all working a graveyard shift you might as well sing along.
SO PUMPED!!!
Remember to hold on to who you are and what you stand by and never let that go,it will always be in the end..
I feel as if maybe didn't write that tweet.
Ok before I take a break I'm going on a rant because I'm freaking pissed off at directioners right now
Good god...
Only in a system irreparably broken by partisanship and  could a candidate with 100K in criminal defense fees have a good chance to win.
Damn I'm sleepy!
challenge not won!!!
I hadda remind you.
When your printer isnt working and you have to print a whole bunch of crap for school!
God doesn't have a Facebook, and he's my friend.
He doesn't have Twitter either, but I follow him.3
New products www.leodys.com
Reached 900 followers, next goal: 1,000!
Big thanks to anyone helping the Yankees101 website grow, I truly appreciate it
Going to bed early tonight .
Jesus freaks with expectations is a terrible combo.
I love turtles because they are just so chill.
They're like, yeah man I feel like swimming today, maybe eat some lettuce.
Consider it done.
I need my money pronto
you?
youre just a bandwagon fan.
everybody else loves the heat so you do too.
dont even try to say you were always a heat fan
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.
H.S.
Truman
started a conversation with guy I see every day but never talk to.
Likely not available, but it is the first convo with a male in months!
I lost my chance.
Im a loser.
But dont cry, babe.
This isnt something that will never happen again so it doest deserve your tear.
Remind your partner that the crises of the moment is probably just a speed bump.
I need help figuring my end of the bet out.
If I loose gotta doctorss like Billy Blanks.
Need something for
Since Phils pissin me off on doctorft day the focus shifts to Sixers/ Bulls....maybe they'll pull a shocker
!
Good Morning Cutie !
Just my opinion, but I don't think any powertrain or minor styling updates could ever, ever make the Nissan Juke attractive.
Got hella numbers in my Dm...but not hitting up anyone cuz I only want u :
Come on son!
Too cold for summer sandals today  or did you brave the cold???
Hi David, I'm looking forward to talking with very soon.
Thanks for the intro
hey just saw ur message...they are sold out have other styles for 12 or 15
My brother just got smack With a gallon of water.

file this under things we already knew
We have 2 Budweiser  LabattBlue tall boys during the Packers game today!
Good choice!
Did you add it to our Facebook poll?
Welcome to the USA.
If you're ever in San Francisco let me know, we should hang out.
We don't actually say 'top o the mornin' in Ireland: we never have.
S.
O'Flynn
I'm stressed the fuck out
Ugly!!!
Looks like you need to do a few rounds of P90X!
Pretty SOFT Guns.
Who is that in your background?
Iwassohighthat I walked into class, late, sat down, and tried to put my seat belt on.
Gnite I look forward to talking again
Being a UKborn programmer  JPMorgan ibanker w/French lit degree didn't fully humanize Asma Assad, and she married a butcher.
Rye chips...yea or nay?
Don't forget!
LiveText Training TODAY in LIB 144, 2:004:00 with Angie Poole.
Thanks for the recommendation!
R.I.P Whitney we will miss u.
You left us with so many beautiful songs.
Feel free to post your fav song on the wall fam..
Tomorrow's gonna suck.
I wish Yankee candles weren't the same price as a car payment.
we know it wasn't the Celtics making those explosions!
Lol
Good Morning, Ms.
Deb.
Thank you.
If my morning is any indication of how my day will continue, then it will be a good day.
Did you see anybody in the audience NOT vote for you!?
Cause I'll totally snap my fingers at them.
that type of mind set makes me want to vomit!!!
Ginny  you sound a mess!
We can reschedule.
It's supposed to be fun, not a struggle.
84 degrees today I REFUSE To Stay In Da Huse !
u would love to see me like dat
Dont love out of emotions or physical feelings.Love out of passion, theres no such thing as being Tied down in Love, it's call commitment.
Next learning feed :00pm EST.
Let us know if this was helpful and relevant to your
naw im more like a chalupa supreme
Waiting for professorssor Soergel to speak about the UB MLS program in Webster, NY!
Night doctornking that runs for long enough to become day doctornking...
Vegan mint chocolate chip milkshake may have convinced me that I'd be perfectly happy in New York
Gotta try jergels new spot in the North Hills soon.
That is one horrible photo.
Is nothing sacred?
You've got that smile that only Heaven can make 3
Its crazy how much im like my mom.
she's got all good qualities thought, so I guess I can't complain :
I hate safety stories on TV cause they're often preachy.
After a series of deadly ATV accidents, I hope we struck the right balance at 10.
On our way to the Madison in 15, Cool Video!
Today...I conquered technology.
Now that's an invitation to trouble.
WhoisTrevor.com A blog you won't believe!
yes!!!
Our all firm meeting is this weekend but my mom and grandma doctorve over to hang w me on free time.
So happy :
what kind of beats you looking for
All this rain is from what's left of TS Lee.
It's going to be like this until late Thursday.
Better swim!
HP
Thanks!
:P I'm excited to see you and the fam!
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.
Lena Horne
thanks for spreading the news!
Happy Belated Birthday!!
Hope you are well.
Make sure to check out too!
;!
getting ready to go on air atlanta shows all weekend get your tix
YOOO!!!
Been working my noassatall ass off.
Trust me.
That's not good when you're a skinny ass white dude.
Of course the friendship is important,thanks for the support!
Yeah, they really make our hearts sing sometimes.
Live tweeting at azla2010 this morning.
Anthony Molero discusses the digital divide in keynote.
I got an 83 on the final in Sandorf's class!
I'll beat you to it.
RT I want to punch Reggie Miller in the teeth yo
Chuck is not allowed pizza, as it is 10 Weight Watchers Points per slice.
it may just be in airports.
will find out soon!
Don't forget about
SwingFest 2010 is proud to offer seminars that are sure to enhance your lifestyle experience.
There is no extra charge to attend!
RT : or as bush would say, the soft bigotry of low expectations
First tweet from my new Mac Book PRO!!!!!
Every Saint Has A Past, Every Sinner Has Future.
Good morning!!!
God is my only true friend..:
Our office is on 6th...it's definitely getting worse in downtown.
: Can't imagine how bad it is in Bastrop.
Follow She's Cute, a Hater, and loves to slap bacon.
yes but it works both ways men don,t know what they want either
it could only be better if you were here!
Miss you:
this world is ruthless watch the ones closes to u
: Even at the highest levels, agents get their clients work based on the relationships their clients have.
awww that's sweet : bt you can go to sleep we can speak tomorrow ;; How was your week?
Love it can have the rest pleasssseeeee?
at least one more
ewwww.
worse than my finding ladybugs at the bottom of a restaurant salad awhile back.
Will you be adding more channels?
Especially interested in bookmarking.
Best place for a dirty martini in boston?
Momma Rose is coming to town,  besides seeing her daughter, booze is the only thing she's after
ew, black doves are just ugly pigeons.
that's.not.cute
It was a great event.
Did you know song1 was extended to May 20?
There's still time to visit!
RT Cool photo.
RT
Gods love endures 4ever..sing praise!!..
4ever God is faithful, 4ever God is strong, 4ever God is with us ..4ever..and ever
I also met an author of one of my fave books and he was totally rude and kind of a dick mixed feelings about buying more of his stuff;
oh my god u sexy OO
Weren't you just complaining about people complaining about the temperature in the office?
Concepting, scheduling and booking talent for 6 Still/Motion shoots I am Directing and Shooting later this month :
He was probably laughing his ass off every time the priest said He is risen.
getting ready to go live with at the Rose Garden in moments!
caffeine kicking in!
thank you Bet!
I'm so happy!
:D x
Just tapped, Cascadian Dark Ale
Listening to the albums was one of the best decisions I ever made, which is rare.
thinks Darwin is right  and that we're right in the middle of a huge shakedown from which only the strongest will emerge
It really bothers me when people say softwares.
maci was trying to be Cupid today and says, make Tyler your bf again.
He's my fave.
lol.
Crazy girl.
Str8 Like At..
Haha Thatawkwardmoment in walgreens with get the xl I thought he was big good times : oldman condoms vibrators lol
officers taking away close to a dozen large grow lights as well as big screen tv.
Why tv?
Dunno.
we're like fine wine Joe, guys with bank are priceless as they age!!
Lol
Sorry I'm missing playing greenhouse worker today!
Chicago is cold but having dinner with the fam!
Justin Bieber is the sexiest person in the world  3 .
My daughter just got the new GalaxyS out on TMobile.
Wow that phone is just like an iphone!
It even has an app to chirp like Nextel!
RT : 24k was insane last night
its about Justin.
I sent it through dm.
Did you get it?
My dad's the mayor and i'm on the principal's list
I did email you last month...
Thought you blew me off.
Blech!
Anytime.
Anywhere.
Miss you.
haha I think its obviousOoffensive..demonize african amer.
women we step up and do the right thing a lot?
CNN says 2nd student dead in Ohio school shooting,Austin icon Leslie in hospital Playing some tunes this AM on the show by
happy bday fellow chi town girlie
One area left to be developed when it comes to Solar energy is storage.
Batteries are getting better all the time, though.
puts lipstick on to make me feel better.
When I finish an ebook, it should automatically notify Goodoctorads/Shelfari/LibraryThing/etc  tell it I'm done and ask me to rate it.
So sleepy this morning...
I love firemen, too, guurrrllll!
;
payton!
you said you would follow me a long time ago, but you never did :////
haha yesh u can ;D then u say I love u too :P
Jamming to Pussycat Dolls Wait a Minute
YOUNG AMERICA SPEAKS!..
ARE YOU READY
TebowGotTradedFor a Javale McGee jersey and a family fourpack to the next KnicksWizards game
hey watch it
Would you please get off my penis , Thanks ;
H.A.M on everything
or at least what are we going to do without OddNeighbor tweets?
RT : Thank you NV!
Our message of crushing the poor  middle class continues to resonate through the west WTF
Thanks Say hi to the fam ;
I have a reason to live: to love Jesus and to be angry!
Pretty stoked to be heading up to Grand Rapids, MI in early February to see !
Cool!
: it's rainy  yucky in NY 2day, so enjoy it there!
I can't wait :
people are tweeting happybirthdaynicholette
my self conscious has taken a beating  my body a literal one.
I totally signed up the minute you guys opened registrations cause I heard spots get filled up quick
Nearly threequarters of senior citizens who have a reverse mortgage said they were satisfied with the product
opo!
What time
If you're NEW to Chicago's WestLoop please contact me.
We'd really like to have you participate in this years Fulton Walk.
rte 7: chain stores but no people visible
I'm at the Ft Lauderdale airport.
Getting ready to hop on my flight  fly home
TELL MOMMA YO HURRY AND COME HOME!!!!
haha
ry Club.
That place is so wack!
Date 2, NOT happening.
Next.
Just another reason to have and not direct tv.
stormnoSignalDuringGames.
glad I could help you out!!!!!
Hope you be joyed the fight.
Haha I never noticed it til now he really cant bro
364 days until the end of the world
Before I woke up, I had a doctoram I was watching fireworks.
Turns out it was the thunder.
Cool.
ADMIT ONE Film Series  Free screenings at the Jazz Gallery, 926 E.
Center St in the Riverwest 1st one is this Saturday, January 15th, 3pm
thanks for the follow!
I see you have a large following yourself!!
;
Can I get an amen?
FF FollowFriday RT : Can we stop voting on basic human rights!?!?
I wish this work week was just a couple days longer!
not Imjustmessingwithyou sasquatch
always move forward never sleep like a shark bro is how you battle this senioritis haha
RT : A7 Our mediaplayer allows you to know who the artist  song is AND fans can promote by sharing via social media !!
That was fun!
It was the highlight of my dayy: we should do that more often!
It was Enterprise car pickup.
Haven't been there, but was in baggage claim where I made my last phone call with hearing aids.
I am who I am.
Im weird,Im lame, I run into things, I spill food, I trip, I scream about random stupid stuff.
But, I like it that way3
Starships were meant to fly  HANDS UP and touch the sky 
sure, come on by and grab a seat by the window on the 2nd floor
Ramen noodles are so filling.
Ann Hood quoting Grace Paley: Ev story is 2 stories  the external one  the internal one.
Climax is when they collide.
instagram just might become addicting...
might
doublefucked When your Prius runs out of gas AND battery power.
hi matt 3
Share a rehearsal space with us.
Big room with toilet and shower, PA, lights in the heart of the city 375 per month.
Spread the word.
'pretty' does make the time go faster.......
: Bliss..
Happiness/ Union God ...You cannot escape what is inside you.
U can cover it, but ..
it is your natural state yoga
Today I saw some video diaries 3 LOL
aww thank you
Follow ...
it is a great charity 5k run/walk in Denver!!!
No it's Angie who writes next and nope I'm with Forrest again haha :D btw loved the chapter
Huntsman: Cites bailouts as big chunk of nation's GDP, refutes idea of too big to fail
RT : A2 I think that running is great for managing my stress.
It keeps me focused  gives me time to clear my mind!
don't hate lol
no one cares LOL
Lunch Rush app for iOS was used as an example
Thanks so much!
Carmel Hospitals rolling out the RED CARPET to offer more heathcare options But Only if you show them the BIG BUCKS first
Longest final ever..
3 hrs and 15 min...
14 questions and the final is worth 255 points..
Def failed it.
Why didnt Taylor tell us?
She waited for a magazine to tell us :'
oh Cass you are too kind!
; And you better score!!
You know tickets are too expensive if they have 3 digits before the decimal point
that's really cool!
Thanks for a nice lunch in the park!
I see you in ya feelings tonight huh?
second bank from left, in the aisle.
But I'll text you when the keynotes are over.
Just finished speaking at University HS!
we may be back at the end of the month.
If so, I'll let you know.
Looking forward to meeting you, gangsta.
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning to sail my ship.
Louisa May Alcott
i think i got a problem......i like to fuck lol
so glad to be home
Lelelele lala i'm going insane.
Lock me in a room for like 6 hours straight an this is what happends to me..LOL humahahahaa lalala lelela
I doctoram of dance and then dance my doctoram.....
life is good!
Dear Mancini judges, i cant wait til the day you're paying way too much money to see me on Broadway.
Sincerely, 'not mancini worthy' my ass.
Thx.
I'm excited!
RT Great news!
RT : Excited to be teaching at PokerStrategy.com, world's largest poker school.
Iontgivafuck word of the day
Give us some feedback on quot;Caught In Tha Firequot;.
That song is seriously well put together
oh wow it is still around.
I follow back immediately.
Just registered for in Atlanta.
and will be representing Neybor at the conference.
Mark thank you for sharing Avengers/Sendak tribute.
Downloaded and installed as my desktop image.
I'm feeling mighty productive.
Who's with me?
Ready to get
Give it a try and sign up for the competition, you never know !!!!!
Eat 1 cup lima beans per day to helps reduce cancer
Time travel is so 1980s.
Responded to FIRE  1 Bogardus Place, New York, NY 10040.
Red Cross auto update.
Where my Twiggah at ?
I'm not leaving unless the temp is below 76
RIGHT BACK ATCHA.
I didn't know Bro had a Twitter.
2mins left please pick me
Congrats to Robert Douzat on his wedding
I think u should follow me 3
Let me know how it turns out!
I would suggest using a griddle or flat top over grilling.
That's how they do them in NYC.
Unfreakinbelievable!
Is Latner in the building?
Channeling Latner should be a T!
Just trying to enjoy my day with you and all I get is attitude; was cheerful But fuck it
tall skinny guys
Sounds perfect!
I called three cabs to come get me first here wins!!!
Party rockin!
Happy BDay, Love ya:
AFTER TONIGHT, RAYS MAY BE SENT TO MINOR LEAGUES...ENTIRE TEAM...U THINK IM KIDDING?!
It's like a painting!
The warmer climate seems to lend itself to some amazingly lit photos.
Love walking at night to get pics!
Just saw 20 speeding police cars
Watching Aimachi rehearse!!
sounds good :
i want to thank for the daily vocabulary lesson..
even though he makes absolutely no sense 90 of the time.
I prefer buck necked, and on top of the sheets
and Can't wait to hear about the 5 day wedding!
Tonight ?
Do it all the time, Do it all night.
me too RT I like camel toes.
Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought.
.
do you rent him out?
Not on your birthday of course, but maybe another day?
Please
Hallmark introduced its first Christmas cards in 1915, five years after the founding of the company.
I'm following you!
:
Patients and families need to be at the center of Carr decisions
amazing  howfuckedistheT.com
what dah fooh my arm has like a really long scratch....what is this from oo
You look amazing in that doctorss!
The way the camera captainred how you flowed in it makes us happy!
How was prom?
it must have helped that she had a man in the car.
Verdict Not Guilty!
I'll feed you girl, I'll supply the food.
Hahahahaha that was the funniest woman.
I wanna see u step it up and take on the challenge
GreatnessIs whatever you want it to be.
That was weird :L But I liked it
Thanks!
I'm feeling like I should say something hilarious now.
Hippo!
Weasel!
Twinkie!
That awkward moment when it's quiet and your eating something crunchy
is that an old door?
That's awesome.
I love it!
Hm...we're coffee people and not so much tea people, but we'll look into it!
What doctornkspecials do venues typically offer?
Would you buy/sell a coupon in advance to offer/get a good deal?
www.Shastic.com can help u
It's a great skill, for sure.
And encouraged me to create highly descriptve alt tags!
I like doing that on the blog.
thanks for the RT!
Happy Monday
looking forward to keeping in touch hot stuff
my mom got them online does it depend what site she bought them from?
Two faced bitches 
what did she say and what was your girl name?
Good luck with you fight man.
Keep the faith and beat that f cancer!
Go Gmen!
Thats what they always say Quake lol!!
J/K RT : I'm trying to follow you but it won't let me!
Follow me :
It's nice to know someone has experienced it, too.
:D
wow I wish some bars around here had affordable pints like that
I have the issue.
We are thrilled to announce that Montgomery is teaming up with Salon Voices in a three part series to teach you how to Move Your Hair...
FRIDAY NIGHT FIESTA CHECKINS!
Work week is over, and tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo!
What are you up to tonight?!
Let everyone know here....
RT  Snobs, condom users, birth control pill poppers defeat Santorum in Michigan.
terrifying how close thus far.
....or something.
I can't wait to get out of this house.
No more cats, no more yelling, no more fighting, no more broken doors, and no more fucking step dad.
well, i have to go to disney world now, so i'll see you guys later.
what time are tryouts?
Hey Milwaukee, now that you aren't distracted by nice weather outside what projects are you tackling today at the office?
What's your favorite portrait lens?
Indy Boot Camps Charity Boot Camp Class Every Sat at 9am with Half the Proceeds going to a Local Charity!
5 bucks for kids  adults!
Whatever ..
I'm done trying
Really diggin this New Build album that is playing right now.
The dudes from LCD Soundsystem and Hot Chip make a good combo
Idk if you wanna talk to me or you don't bc you text me first  you act like you don't wanna text by only texting one word
Your response should have been as follows No, you need to find another seat.
:P
I feel like imma get a stern talking to tomorrow.
Lol
In OSX, Shift  Command  V  paste clipboard contents using app's current default formatting styles.
Mind blown.
that is what I though.
Respect the fucking cock.
It's so beautifully arranged on the plate  you know someone's fingers have been all over it.
Julia Child
My guys at Butler said they love Tahj
Anyone want to go see 12th Planet tonight at the Galaxy?
We have an extra ticket!
1/7/2011 What's Next DC Conference Provides Organizations With Strategies Examiner
Actually the legal age to buy cigarettes  alcohol in Japan is 20.
The GAGA BALL at is tonite!
It's gonna be a MONSTER!
311 N.
Sangamon St.
Deets?
Facebook.com/wildthursdays
When you see a falling star to night, make a wish, it will come true because I wished and I found you.
follow me back please?
:
If you haven't already, come check out this weeks Revolver Underground show!
It might make you feel sexy!
EROCK
I'm guessing vegeterian menudo also helps hangovers, AMAZING.
i challenge someone to come play soccer against me.
been playin for 10 years ;
I want to tell someone to doctornk bleach and see how the react 
Okay, so Barack is the smartest person in the Universe, but he SUCKS at Fantasy Football!!!
He just doctorfted Kyle Orton with the 1st pick LOL
don't cut dan hardy it was the best in 2011 and try to get chris LYTLE back don't cut hardy give him one more chance
that sounds hot ; can I join?
I shouldn't be near Vegas and have money in my pocket.
Adam Sandler
ok.
you talked me into sleeping in.
that was easy
That sounds life changing.....

Capricorn's are more comfortable being behind the scenes, why be out in front when we can control all the action?
Yes
I get in trouble for it too.
Listening to the weeknd on the way home
Gretta :
What the hell i have to do to make my dad understand i hate Jalapeños on sandwiches?
follow her!
Its her birthday!!!
workconnectsusall with this chronologic tyranny business hours.
20hourworkweek is what we need, not sxsw online vulture capitalism.
Everything went better than expected!
no damage
Anyone else getting 'site offline' now?
We spend a wonderful weekend with Maggie Gyllenhaal in studio C narrating a documentary for Discovery.
Cant tell ya what it is yet though...
Why do some ppl want to suspect u of doin something wrong when they are the real suspect
that WPPI/Twit sponsored photographers session was too good.
Is it available somewhere, please.
It was great.
Most probably don't care, but I'm sure many can tell you all about the latest Kardashian episode though.
Good weed no stress
COME ON.
napkin's pretty high on my list.

Whodini one of the most underrated hip hop groups ever IMO.
Awesome live.
intercept yo bitch like bailey
You still on that Mitt Romney bandwagon?
I wanna see my man PAC !
Almost all of our tamales are gluten free.
Take advantage of our menu with our chile verde, tinga de pollovegetarian tamales.
So, NEVER PITCH TO HAMILTON AGAIN.
You a super hoe, but your cape on
You are my God I cum on Sundays to worship you, booty and titties so perfect, you so perfect you...YEEEEAAAHHHHH
write me at
I GOT MY ACCOUNT BACK!!!
WVU is dope
askbillg has been working on this for 18mths in chattanooga TN  need your help to push it thru ED 
Grabbing a Starbucks and then heading to CentralPark for a stroll before Meisner class.
Enjoying the simple things in life.
:
did i get the time of day wrong again musa, if so im sorry
Will look into Mud Box hours for you.
...and the truth is, you're why I don't believe in love anymore.
thank u!
NM facts  Doc Holliday operated a dental office  a saloon/gambling hall in Las Vegas before moving on to Tombstone.
Need information about the club just ask me here!
Need to make a reservation?
Please call the club at 410.483.3356
OH MY GOD.
hahahhahaha, i just got so confused.
you gotta get on that!
a nice, old transistor radio would cement your status as a local eccentric!
B
ctfu.
you been going in on these mfs.
I should get a knect from target and buy Zumba rush
thanks for sharing the screen printer, James Franco.
You probably couldnt identify talent if it slap the  out of you 
Gr8 to meet u on Broad St last month.
I liked the clip on YT.
Let's talk about a portrait of u  project for the Newark Mosaic.
peac
Cody looked sexy in that video and at first I was thinking omg Cody that shirt has got to go.
But now I see it looks good on him
no.
I grew up watching Yankees games with my grandpa who was born in NY.
Okay goodnight!
Ah 13 almost 12 days till my Birthday!!!
Leslie is the messiah with mascara
good luck kid..
im michael scott up in the kitchen, look at me im whippin now
Tired !
Need lotto tickets !
Be back !
thanks for the RT!
Awesome!
What are you most looking forward to seeing?
Me Raises handoctor : Any of my followers HALF black?
When a girl says Im done, it usually means fight for me : x
Thanks to for their help with some lost luggage!
Very helpful.
Great customer service!
When you like someone so much , that it's scary to talk to them...
I wish i had the confidence !
1 Polls are open for just 4 more hours.
Have you voted?
thanks!
We know in a few weeks!
Hope all is well with u buddy!
VIP passes to the Nashville Amp Expo, check...
IWantBTRAutograph your probably getting tweeted alot  your not seeing my tweets!!
but really hope you pick me :
Coproducer and designer Daniel McLean Wagner and extraordinary Martha Knight introduced by Linda.
come to wisconsin
You rocked my world moderating the American Horror Story panel last night!
I feel so lucky to witness all that magic in person!
prep yourself....
It's happening

HollinsAlum scary/exciting/ miss Hollins so much!
you're making me thirsty.
what a win dude I still haven't gotten over it.
I feel like I enjoy wins/hate losses more than the players lol
What the what?
Does that cat have arms growing out of its head?
Live Twitter Feed from Refused Show.
Pomona is the Portland that Portland hid in the basement.
happy Birthday tomorrow!
I'm too excited to sleep!
came home and rewatched game.
dcu looked just as dirty on DVR as in person!
Tylenol codin.....o.m.g im going to be out like a lite ..
awww thanks you're such a doll!
I owe you a beer :
Thanks to my latest followers!
We have been releasing in LCG format since day 1.
As soon go kindle fire with snow, as seek to quench the fire of love with words.
William Shakespeare
you best believe it!
for some 2012 is the end of the world.
for us, we're just gettin warmed up!
was just at the show amazing
yo more time set back and av to a pree...why mi?
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha.
You must stop with these hilarious tweets.
Nope, it's been working fine here.
best book ever!!other than the Bible of course :
People tweet a lot that mean you got to much.free time on yo hands
Could you take Howard in your prime?
Hm..
Those are the places that I've heard fans will be tomorrow night.
Johnny's will be packed because of Big 12 Tourney.
Mem club ur best bet
Thanks for the follow coach!
Have a great spring season.
Still the Pennsyltucky I remember from my youth then?
Thanks for the recent mentions and RTs:  much obliged!
I Miss him but why he doesnt even feel the same.3
NO!
Although it doesn't look like he tripped.
What to do u think??
...waiting on tax returns, the longer I wait the more creative ways I think to spend it!
what u think of Nick?
In 1969, 42 of childoctorn walked to school.
Today over 80 are doctorven to school.
Show tonight  sauced!
bring all your friends and yo mama!
Starts at 9.
well, we know it won't be
This is Robert!
: He's one of Austin's close friends!
It's too bad that Wes Stadi won't get anymore recognition now that Geronimo has a new association...
Alright Youngstown...
are you ready?
Broccoli Samurai will be bringin the heat tonight...
see you at the Lemon Grove!
Should've RT : I was running and saw and so I shouted some encouragement.
No heckling or anything.
Work out 4 aau.n make my self better I got one more year n front of me n I have to work harder then I did this year
He's so annoying.
lol...i am having fish sticks and rice with a side of broccoli...was just sayin
prepping for Africa.
camp gear and giant sack of antibiotics ready to go!
Mfuwe, Zambia here we come!!
T7 days and counting!!
I just wanna share the love
counting down the days until the Philly show 3
Too late, I bought him a discounted Childoctorn's Bible ; It's missing the stuff on kindness but he'll learn that in the church ;
for some reason i feel you're the only person in the world who if i could prove my worth too as an artist it would be a reality
We didn't broadcast today to support the fight against SOPA, so nobody heard us.
Not much different than other days.
Jon Gruden next UM coach...could it be?
Fair warning: probably going to be obnoxiously live tweeting
listenbitch stop staring at me like I stole your man.
I don't even know you...or him.
So what's the problem?
Great lunch.
Now time for a nap in the BICSI credential holders lounge.
Heck yeah.
MT : There are going to be some excellent DH panels at AHA2013.
Filled with tweeps.
Its freezing!
:
quit tweeting during orientation :
Pssst...40 off at my store all day today.
You should visit the and say hi.
Oh, and buy your friends and family gifts.
Take back my heart, I don't mind.
I just started using it a couple of months ago.
I forget to Tweet!
Happy Thanksgiving all...Open at 6pm for some football.
Reunited and it feels so good
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves.
But, don't get too personal on the first date.
U need more than magic n a hat to pull out a victory over Milwaukee .
BEATLA  SWEEP  BREWCREW
you're welcome!
Glad we could help!
No better way to start the day than a hill run with and Team MCVET.
Thanks guys.
Remember to stretch!
: Expose foes wit my hocus pocus flows, they froze now suckas idolize my chosen blows
we gave it that 420 look, lol glad u noticed
Excitement is what fuels what we do!!
Motivation and big thinking is contagious!
Thanks for sparking the fire!
there you are!
I've been looking for you!
hey thanks for the follow...I am serious about my career has a writer and I am interested in AnR....management...and Pr.work
i feel like pop, i have a headache, and ive been sneezing ....
Yayy!!!
I'm so exciting to see it!!!
The way the Saints' D played lately they should ask for a refund.
I wonder who snitched?
so happy i waited to watch the new season of Sherlock !!
if u haven't watched the series before START.
Happy mothers day to me :
I'm having too much fun :D :/...
lol
: nah nah I feel you lolso wyd on dis amazing friday nite?
How dare u :
Couldnt have said it better myself RT : is so fucking sick.
dog and caffeine being the backbone of the setup :
Just switched out a plastic container for a cute multicolored basket that holds my clutches just as well!
.
welcome email for ncaa: We're excited that you've chosen to bypass the traditional paper and calculator brackets rly?
You could hope that maybe there will be a streaker before the end....
Watching Gary Vaynerchuck's Crush it!The Other 8 hoursmarketing tools.
Very interesting on social networkinyes while working online
Wow, really good sale at Barnes  Noble
where are you moving?!
Working on a rendition of Coldplay's Yellow for an upcoming ceremony...
We've got lots of creative music ideas...
Just ask!!
well just watch how you say things that's all
There is a stack of lumber in my front yard waiting to become a porch.
So after breakfast and Gershwin there i go!
Ha a few glitter mishaps lol but our poster is pretty snazzy:
hey track Thursday?
Only day I can go haha bc of trip
Tonight feels just like summer.
Hey kids, take it easy on Loxington.
Don't burn to much
Bitch your just like monday, Nobody likes you!
fracture and disruption  I like these challenges ...
this could be fun
Rawlings: selective liberal arts colleges produce more students who go on to STEM PhDs
and today at sunfest!
Soo excited!!
I love you please follow me, and come to Paris with Greyson !
Wish I could be there.
Are you fucking kidding me?
He had 2 sacks in conference USA!
Now you're just making me sad.
If only I could be a better Britt Reid than Seth Rogen
Done and done!
Happy Holidays, Liz!
I hope you are doing well.
:
hoping i'll get like 2530  tonight so i'll have almost 100 saved up.
I'm getting there LOL.
lots of people selfapply the term.
Geek is in.
Not to be hipster about it, but it annoys me a little.
The cheese I've been eating most this week: Cave Aged Mellange.
A goat, sheep  cow's milk creation, crafted in WI.
M!
Horrible day :
Happy Birthday I hope you have a GRAND day

the Half Note in Bowie,MD watching Corey Baker, Kevin Walker, Alvin White put the Phunk down HARD!
RT : it's a beautiful monday morning!
Opening for tonight in Sanford Florida at The Barn.
Looking forward to it.
I have 2 free tickets if your in the area.
Exuberant Pink by sherwin williams is my all time FAVORITE!
Yep and it's in the new PIXELMicro Multi!
First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.
Gandhi
YAY!!!
3 RT Best news of the day: my pop's PET scan was clear, he's cancer free!!!!
1/4 cup of sadness, 4 cups of anger, x a teaspoon of depression...
Wen yu done mixing that yu will get my feelings
Thank you we will be listening...
Please RT
Europe update: We've been to Copenhagen, Salzburg and now are in Ahus, Sweden.
Very rainy in the home of Absolut Vodka.
Whoever invented NFL Red Zone channel should get an award.
All the scores realtime in HD as they happen with no commercials.
So nice.
Penicillin...
lol...
Works every time
I really don't think Walker cares about jobs.
He got his supports more .
That was his goal.
Now he is set.
About to get homee 
i love canny peepz
Happy Fat Tuesday!
We hear has paczkis!
My fatherinlaw cowrote that!
Highly autobiographical; family stories galore.
And my hubby was kinda the template for Kevin.
AP test in less than 15 minutes.
Well, crap.
Happy Monday Beautiful People!
Kentucky gonna win tonight and MuppetManDavis MVP  XavierLT.
com

Wow.
Last time I saw something like you, I flushed it.
Just notice we 16,000 rollover minutes w/ATT  WTF, I am suppose to do 16k rollover minutes?
Switch to a lower plan get overage fees
Being Sick.
Commuter Buck Hunt happening on campus today!
Find Commuter Bucks and spend them in the commuter auction.
:
YOOO TONIGHT WE'LL BE  THE COW WITH ERIC LOCO...come through and gig!
Play It Through hittin the stage at 11:15
Remember Wednesday we party at Club 212!!!
Wait, are you working on a time machine too?
Glee  guilty pleasure.
So glad it's back!
Good Morning , America !
Hurricane Irene .
.
.
.
going to get ready !
your amazing!:
Boarding/exiting the Metro at Anacostia RT : QOTD: What's one thing you knocked...
til you tried?
yea god im like crying
Does anyone going to the caps game tonight know if they're handing out towels?
They better be
Hey!
has 25 Cent Keystone Taps and 50 Cent PBRs tonight!
807 S 5th St
Chicago never dies
And, almost goes without saying, I've read and love Little Brother.
Congrats to Rick Chaney, special ed teacher and JV coach at Oregon City HS, who wins a pair of tix to RIP City Classic via
Born Free........Taxed to Death.
Str8LykeDes...
I'm through with des shit...
They took our jobs
great quote!
;
No sense!
Lmao!
ThugLifeRon RT : My guy said, I gotta rep my hood, Queens Bridge lol 
Chelsea, my publicist says its superhard to get to your show because im not known.
Can he pitch my nuggettness?
he's currently serving the 8 year term.
He's not going to be out for a while still
Rise and Shine!
Okay no shine but it's warm at Fresh for Brunch, Taste Washington later today
Of course nursing helps because it burns 500600 calories per day.
Repeatedly dead lifting a 16 lb baby boy also helps.
Need to relax and let go of some built up stress?
We have a YOGA coming up tonight at 7:15...join us!
do you have my number still lol
you're everything that makes me fall in love
Gotta quit with savannah doctorma.
I need more friends in Selmer.
Haha.
Did you know our springless trampolines do not have any springs or steel frame on the jumping surface?
Feel safe about your kids jumping!
Like comics?
is your man!
..writing a new song on the piano .
its pretty dope so far !
Congrats on the site going live.
Go .mil!
i think you just saw the trends that are up for you...
awkward.

yea i kissed in the rain ...
no biggie
Live clean, live green
I can't believe I'm going to say this, but I actually miss reading theory.
Interested to hear about what happened v NY  only had 35 possession, at home, and still won  what happened there?
Basketball wives is so dumb!
Haha none of these bitches are married to basketball players.
Google Expat Shield
not a hater, just a curator.
I am an unstoppable force,I move mountains, mountains does not move me...

It isnt that they cant see the solution.
It is that they cant see the problem.
Is there anything I can do, I'd be glad to help you..
I enjoyed going to the King William Fair today.
was a nice, hot day and ate some sausage on a stick and a turkey leg.
Right on!
Fantastic game!!
Keep it going, we really need the offense.
Thanks for the tweet Will you be attending the event?
At the end of the 1st half, the leads the Blast 72.
Stay tuned for the 2nd half action, and let's go Blast!
And i say
re: Valve, too bad people aren't compensated for creativity / ideas.
Hard without them being defensible property
Prom is around the corner and the buses are going fast.
Don't miss out on our special, which includes dinner with the 10 hour package
Its to early to be up
please tell me it is a double first name?
Just rolls off the tongue!
Liza Nelle, such a pretty name
i put him as DH id want Jones in my OF he's one of my favorite guys thats why i had him hamilton, batista  kemp they are my 4
Some men are just effin creeps.
what r these moves ur putting together?
The Davis Bottle Shoppe is hoppin' for a Tuesday night.
I'd like more , please.
Fill in the blank.
Might be thinkable.
AS seemed pretty confident yesterday when he talked about today's strategy.
Hmm.
dont you mean dirk and jason terry
bahahaha im diggin yur pic: did u do that on cam wow?
I love that app :!
Please follow mehh : it would make my year :
Just made one baller cd!!
I just hate it when something perfect turns into such a huge lie...
You took it out ?
Why !
Lay person copyright status.
www.creativecommons.org
Of course the Pack pick my second option smdh why!!!!!!
Oh okay i see.
But not a lot of people care.
They swear up  down they do, but trust they don't.
So happy for you, Lord knows I need new life in The kitchen!!
Ha!
Sittin in the new moon screening...lost guess I shoulda watched the first one huh?!?
The menus for FoodTrucks hosting breakfast Friday is making me HUNGRY!
When my computer looses power this time of day, it's secretly saying gothefucktosleep.
Thanks
thanks!
the dome was funas was the convo!
boys boys boys, we love them!
:D
Slow day...
You may call for peace as loudly as you wish, but where there is no brotherhood there can in the end be no peace.
Caught Up in the Rapture
I am a huge advocate of clean undiedoctorwers.
are you looking for Board Members?
I have experience.
Great, I'm fine too...
katy perry
not really!
They are all like an episode of cops.
Lol!
so thats like sayn u only got a dollar!
You're annoying.
RT for your New York angels 3
Just give me time and Ill get over you.
So u got your 2yr old outside butt naked smh
That was NOT indisputable video evidence.
when did do THAT?!?
how long you in town?
Feels like a friggin' Phillies game tonight at Chase Field vs
This is one of them nights when I wish I was off.
I hate storms when I'm all by myself...
The power is probs going to go out :/ I'm just going to go to bed GOODNIGHT!!!
WHAT THE FUCK!!!!
Good Night i had enough of haterz oh Me and Ray Ray broke up, we are done we arent dating !
I wonder if that get piped in from corporate.
Equator Line Records!!!!
We make it hot!
Eeeaasstt!
Eqlrecords.com
First Date Impressions First impressions are important make them count.
Here are some tips
I.
Need.
That.
it was last week.
reviving the hash tag.
may be beating a dead dog haha
Riv has found him some wheels from some where
okay j rock
I double dog dare you to follow me;
died 6 months from today /3...RT for our
Coffee Cake Muffins...M.
Delicious!
that is too funny!
I guess old habits die hard huh!
I do the same!
: I like to take it one day at a time short sighted thinking will leave your bank account short as well, gotta plan evry move
Sprung from cages out on Highway 9, The Boss; Bruce Springsteen.
Enjoy the concert.
friendly reminder to all people of faith: a belief is not a fact, it's a need.
Be sure to play, to make your day, sparkle with joy, so your heart says YAY!
I don't get this whole Klout thing
Jaw muscles can contract with a force as great as 55 pounds of pressure on anterior incisors, and 200 pounds of pressure on back molars.
Hi everyone :
movin 2 my new apt.
WED such a hassle,hate movin,settin up my recordin space n all dat,better view n more space so yeahCOOL!
I don't think axmen has enough cussing in it lol
LOVE YOU CODY
I aint religious, i just believe in God
Ugh I really hate doing laundoctor : 
Getting new designs and logos ready stay tuned!!
everyone live Tweet pick 182....NOW
Bottle after Bottle
shit.
I literally just left.
Had a 9pm call with china.
Ill Tat my face before I Brand my body.....
Think we'll have to disagree, as too many other interests involved is not an excuse to right past wrongs.
my sister I love this girl happy birthday for the second time.
: 
ok send me the link
I just watched the show!
You were g8t.
It's nice to hear healthy lifestyle tips from a real person!
later today, reveals his toprated prospect in 2012 NFLdoctorft.
Hint: His No.
1 is guy who won't be picked there.
Does she bring you gifts?
Had 3 shrews on our porch this week.
:
Give me a break let me make my own pattern.
All that it takes is some time but I'm shattered.
Word.
Questionable use of words.
No ignite for me, currently on the couch sick.
But, hope you all have fun down there!
I love the way u hold me, In your arms I'll always be.
You take each  everyday make it special in some way.
thanking friends for hosting today's swxengage chat on multichannel marketing  customer engagement
peep out our upcomming foam party
I love when people say uummmmm in their outgoing voicemail
In all your getting, get understanding  Proverbs 4:7
I want coto to beat mayweathers bitch ass hella bad
It's a morning.
Happiest of Birthdays to KeJuan Carter!
Show him some love, he's an even older man today.
:
That's actually Joel's bass.
I don't own nice things.
RT I stand with Mark Miller because I can no longer wait to be included by the church I love.
gc2012.
Blessings to you.
A big congratulations to Rachel's Level One class for an excellent show last night.
We are all very proud of you.
Thank GAWD.
How would I survive on Sunday otherwise?
Cassius is really going to talk the entire way to Eugene.
Lord help me.
I hate mister McClure.
if that's how you spell it.
Too bad most celebs are in the entertainment industry and support this bs.
yea, most of the time I do, but now I juss doctorve around nd shyt!
Seperated out 192 crayons for projects later.
Now onto Avengers!

No.
But I can't stop you from swimming naked next to the boat
QoTD: People who are brutally honest get more satisfaction out of the brutality than out of the honesty.
The racist tweets about Joel Ward are disgusting.
Let's hope the 12th man doesn't decide this game 49ers!!!
Im a cowboy
that's pretty pretty cool!
Wish I could move there, or to Wisconsin!
One of the things that I love about Tweetchat is that it automatically adds the hashtag.
Is it wrong to think that the ppl complaining about bountygate are giant frickin' wusses?
Can't help it.
Learn how businesses to use online video to attract more links and prospects to your website
You got it!
Hey Padma Lakshmi how can u deny your daughter the right to have her fathers name on her birth certificate?
Choice isnt selfserving dearie.
On the bus with annoyin childish people .
Grow the fuck up .
I need some chocolate chip cookies in my life right now!!!!
smh
caps official mobile app has live stream
Live Like You're Dying
and every time i think of you i wanna cry.
cuz i jus dont noe.
how u feel.
but i noe.
i miss you.
Here we go again :!
Two EyeCandyC'ville tastings and bunches of cake tastings.
Love meeting brides and grooms...love is in the air!
happy humping to all3 ily
Well, my son, Ron, got me a brand spanking new acoustic for my birthday!
Way better than my old one.
Raised him right!
:
When you pusue God with all of your heart He will satisfy you with His goodness!
Working hard on our April Issue, which is also our Tween/Teen Issue!
Lots of great features coming your way!!
what position do you play in baseball?
aha FOUND THE TRAX we will pick em up in Seattle and be back in Feb with them...than U can do your magic!
Carly is having a blast judging tonight's Guinness Perfect Pint contest.
No one knows head ratios better than her.
3rd Period starts now.
Well I hope you feel better real soon
October the oneth.
Now you know why us Norwegians have such issues with Sweden
Nothing great will ever b achieved without great men, and men r great only if they are determined to be so.
Charles de Gaulle, statesman
Five errors for the Rays tonight  the same amount of runs scored so far by the two teams combined.
Thx for tip : CV
T5 who else is dying
So sad I missed you at TasteWa yesterday!
Heard you  caught up though :
FREE doctorNKS TODAY  be among the first 5 people to say the secret word CREEPNIK to the bartender and your first doctornk is free.
okay I'm down....
If I get one are you really going to get one?
So bummed didn't get tix for 4/22 im mpls already sold out like 5 minutes no for me :
yeah!
i know but its ok: well...
i can buy other c:
A potluck where the host assigns me banana cream pie
Thanks Kim!
Happy writing!
An enormous tragedy.
A tremendous talent lost.
: BREAKING: Publicist Kristen Foster says singer Whitney Houston has died at age 48
I really really want to say I told you so but that's not the proper thing to say to someone going through a breakup
Hey twitter, have'nt tweeted on yah for a while....
XD
school forgot 2 set IEP date I had 2 remind them We all need all the luck in the world to deal with these meetings
You have to be yourself no matter who judges you.
who else are you following?
Ready for AIA2012!
Got the great app, everything on my calendar, packing and looking forward to it!
Thanks
I am
I love rainy days.
OH: Cheeseit's for breakfast?
For reals?
Oh yeah.
Trick is to fill half the cup, shake to achieve low entropy state, then fill the cup
Thank you!
These wines are the opposite of everything I thought they would be.
Which means they're awesome!
It's hotter in our office than it is outside.
Wtf?
Being different and the ability to be creative and change will keep him intrigue.
Now thats the new sexy
I wanna change my twitter name to something clever..
Just finished lunch at winderlea courtesy of tina's.
Grilled quail, berry pavlova, and salmon w/fennel.
Honestly, I need a good pizza!
funny thing is, that was me.
xD ahaha.
Let's go be dumb and talk about marijuana.
alright.
cool.
you know cudi does a hook at the end?
Protect her, fight for her, kiss her, love her, hold her, laugh with her, but don't make her fall if you don't plan to catch her.
care to elaborate?
Follow for all things Blazer Athletics
Let's go Pacers, Good v.
Evil right here.
Beiber got belts
16 more days!
:
hey there!
if you follow they will follow you back!!
myspace.com/poemaofficial 3
Really?
Cool  yes I can make the designs bigger/smaller change colors on some etc.
I've got a lot of flexibility.
Still no baby yet...
where do you work?!?!?!
is going to jump back into my comfy warm bed
I think they get social more than we think.
Happy Birthday Princeton from !!!!!!!
totally doable!
You'll fly through the books.
Leaving midtown work to go to east cap.
Work.
Hugh im hungry
I'll follow u if u follow me..Im funnier the hell.
Do it, you know you want to tough guy.
Signed up for first Tough Mudder in Beaver Creek Colorado in June.
Bring on the hurt!
Well it didn't crack, and it turned on when I plugged it into my charger, but the screen won't turn on.
I'm cool with whatevs as long as my view is sweet.
Fannie Mae's Former Chief Fights to Clear His Name  BusinessWeek
I can't wait for you to catch up to the current news!
he has 8 appearances.
016 with 6 k's.
Yet to reach base.
Dear I still love yu and even tho we don't talk no more yu know I will sways be there for yu
Any of you twitter friends play SWTOR?
: Play with me!
it was really cool!
Go after dark if you can, great visual displays.
The coffee pot worked fine yesterday, but has been bubbling and popping for an hour with no results no matter how I try to fix it!
Which means we'd be like....
3rd in the East ;
no problem, would hate to waste your time.
is a great brewers follow however.
Milf city at target right now
We Follow Back.
Don't you have minions for that sort of thing?
:
I dig the organizational wiki for the pasadena digital history collaboration super efficient
Yea buddy Spurs are up after 1st.
WeWontWorkOutIf you text like a robot.
Learn how to keep a conversation going.
I don't cheat and wouldn't give open access.
Just on principle.
It's an amazing day for a bike ride!
Yay for hoodie weather!!
:
I gotta main bitch nd a mistress im trynna work it out im on my fitness.
NP Love Affair
That and FOB is all i've been listening to for like the past month m/
Just won a round at the 2009 Robot Monkey World Championship II in Greenpoint.
So much fun!
College: Source: Pitino won't be elected to Hall of Fame Louisville coach Rick Pitino might win his second national championship Monday,
Could see severe storms tonight here in New England.
Pete's busy tracking it.
Latest at 5:30 on
So excited to hang out with my boyfriend tmister, I forgot its my 1st day of classes...
Haha
I got a sunburn today
through lunch : thanks
In the most pissed off mood of all time
Since my two best friends and can't just accept me for who I am guess its time to start tweeting
A older guy who's bio said he's a plumber just followed me....
why do old people always follow me?!
I block them anyways 
whats up and im texting u right now !
:
I want to play with coursera...
If you're going to be subwayless  stranded in Williamsburg, make your own adventure w/ , a 2 hour walk,  some groupons.
Leaving for the gym before 5 am and part of me longs to be normal.
Then I remember what it is to be normal.
3 words, 8 letter, 3 syllables, 5 vowels.
3 consonants, 2 nouns, 1 emotion, many meanings, a big lie, a rare truth: I love you.
hey ive loved u from the start will u please notice me i love never say never:3!!!!
I mean, if I were making 6, 7 or 8 figures and they played the national anthem before my job, I'd manage to doctorg my ass out for it.
cavemantailgate with at metlife stadium for the newyorkjets game.
Let's go Jets!
Two shots and a spliff im getting on your level my dude never too early
do we have a new Chicago Bulls fan?
Im not fat just well fed.
can't tomorrow but let's do lunch.
I'm on baby duty.
:
Do you ever sleep?!
Or are you up all night sending out pics....
damn I didn't even think about that
My squirts showed growth today.
Still lost, but we're on the come...
Success is not permanent.
Same is also true for failure.
Good night to all of you!!
Such sad news to hear of Donna Summer's passing.
You will me missed dearly and your music will live on forever.
RIP 3
Everything is resolved
Welcome to autumn!
If you need us, we'll be celebrating the equinox with a nice ol' Sampler Pack.
OpeningDay Let's go Mets ...Let's go Mets...Let's go Mets ...Let's go Mets...Let's go Mets ...Let's go Mets...
lol ok clown my Bad
: I've confirmed that Dan Hurley is the new URI coach AND Bobby Hurley will be coming with him as an assistant.
YES!
How have you been Del?
Long time, no talk.
You seem to have been busy lately!
I hope all is well :
Actor has to get used to the world of illusions.
Don't always be touching something.
National cat herders for ads in preferred local news slots on TV get 15, limited slots.
Hm.
I need something to do in 2014.
Cannot deal.
Hitchcock movies help me pack.
: In need of snacks...go get us som
RT : Cheers for that!
Sure thing!
got my first tattoo yesterday: and i think im addicted to them now :D
Of Monsters And Men is Sold Out tonight at Water St.
But they just released 16 tix.
Already a line.
Doors in 6 minutes getherenow!
This Wat am bout to do...
evertime I get a follower I well get they name tatted on me.
follow me
Thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to reading your blog and tweets!
RT : Pls follow an Indielabel from  tell them I sent you!
Thank you  Pls RT
Headaches...bro!!!
Busy Days
Don't try to be on every platform Pick the ones where your target audience hangs out on the most :
Ill put my balls on your doctormset!!!
THESE WEAK ASS RAPPERS/SINGERS MAKE IT HARDER FOR PPL LIKE ME WHO ACTUALLY GOT THE TALENT
LLWS was a really good game today !
oh boy this one smh
To all you people screaming about Troy Davis what if he did do it?
He was still at the scene attacking someone.
He wasn't a good man.
Happy thanksgiving everyone!
I hope u all have a great time with your family!
you make my speakers go boom boom
My wife is making brownies and using black beans as a big part of the ingredients.
I don't know what to say about this.
Thank you for following me...
Man U needs a tie so I think that is what they will get.
I hope it is wide open soccer but I am not sure it will be
It is not beauty that endears; its love that makes us see beauty
Blows the F UP !!!
sings his ass off.
Story pitches!
never had curry chicken omelet
Thank YOU for listening, buddy!
She is awesome.
Kyle even likes her.
Movie in the Park Saturday night FREE, thanks sponsors, 7:00pm at Fountain Park playing Megamind all are invited.
Tonight's Fibber password is Vincent Brown!
RT : Breaking INCL news  Legends In Concert to debut on another ship soon!
Scooby Doo is an alltime favorite!
John Denver died on this day in 1997 when his plane crashed into the Pacific Ocean.
The completion of the wedding cake church will put us on the map.
yes.
And thats lame!
Finally reading the Harry Potter series!
Prob going to have a fiesta on Cinco de Mayo  haha
I hate sleeping with my retainer on.
iphone...
soaked
'Parenthood's' feisty mama Best fight on TV this month?
The Pacquiao vs.
Marquez PPV boxing match?
The dos SantosVelasquez UFC title mat
Heeellllooooo : thanks for the hi
Headed to DC with kettlehill culinary crew...such a nice day to get out of the construction site
NowPlaying: Smoke and Mirrors by
So what scal find a new job at comcast till next season??
Please take the time to like my page if you find it interesting and informative.
Thanks!
thanks fam.
Wouldn't mind working with you in the near future
Happy Monday everyone!
So, what was your favorite commercial from the Super Bowl yesterday?
Give a shout out here.
The only thing I can be perfect at is being me.
I will always fall short trying to be something or someone Im not.
haha !
XD it was an awkward moment between us..
Chairing 10 faculty searches at simultaneously.
Finding great faculty to teach our students is almost as fun as teaching!
Phil Hughes Y U NO REMEMBER HOW TO PITCH??
where do u play handball in Austin.
I have been wanting to play
tonight: recording rap vocals for After Ashley
it's not downloading right on my computer bro ts not letting me download it as an mp3 file bro
Happy birthday !
Wishing you nothing but the best on your day!
Happy Friday to you too!
You remember how quicktime used to have a portallike home screen.
Apple's still keeping that updated.
we'll be back soon!
great meeting today  glad we made the trip!
cc
Narcissism is an evil that masquerades as good.
State of heavy breathing is to build emotion big enough to act with.
5 more followers than we have 800 !
i don't know, ask flaiz.
Castings tonight.
Tomorrow is another day!
Real eggs in our breakfast  Comfort Inn Portland/Vancouver.Great breakfast to start your morning.
Check us out  www.vancouverwahotel.com
Yes, I did : ain't I handsome?
Love is just a word until the right person comes along and puts it into action.
NeoNatural features glass art from students at Ball State and Anderson University.
Jan21Mar18.
3
crackers gonna wait
but I really got no kids
i agree Posh, every1 changes when they get married and you adjust/adapt, Tre hates Mel for whatever reason PERIOD
I pass on the title of DJ Dirty Tunes to Exceptional job tonight, sir
Calling all Charger Fans....Expressly Gourmet is now open at 11am on the weekends.
Get some food for the Game delivered!
How do you get tickets for the blind auditions in Chicago?
WE ARE LABELLEMAFIA MORE VIDEOS   PICS COMING SOON!!
Instead of working on cataloging homework, I'm inspired to do readers' advisory for my dad using Novelist and Goodoctorads.
and from what I understand they are wildly successful.
Trying to go see them Monday morning.
!!!
MiniSolos show tomorrow night!
Hope to see you there.
oh, I didn't know you were sick, I'm sorry.
I hadn't been on much lately but hadn't seen or heard from you so though I
uploading a new video :D btw thanks for 1,000 views on my call me maybe cover 33
I'll see for myself after I get you trashed
WTF BE A MAN JEFF WHO YOU WIT RAMS OR DOLPHINS SHIT LET ME KNOW
yea but she don't follow back.
I Think I'ma Start Cooking , Like I'm STARVING.
Everyone wish a happy bday if you get a chance.
Great guy!
a character I would love to see get hit by a bus.
yes!
Me too!
yes I did!
:D
You three and Billy Knight, you'd hope.
Glad you like it!
RT : My new favorite sandwich: The General Get into it.
I may or may not tear up everytime I watch The Office episode when Jim proposes to Pam...
please, please, please!
I'd be so happy
I find it to be a subset of Murphy's Law that, if a meeting ever conflicts with your schedule and forces you to shuffle other things around
I love a good work out 3
BOYSGIRLS:Smile you never know whos falling in love with it
your funny.
RT I have found that if you love life, life will love you back
Happy to have found some Gosling Groupies in Let the battle for fan club presidency begin!
text me.
Pizza dough is rising.
Regular dough is kickin' it, but the cornmeal dough might be a little doctor.
We'll see in about an hour...
Was overloaded with things to do this weekend...
and a severe need of a rest this afternoon!
Fishers hedge fund mgr Keenan Hauke pleaded guilty to securities fraud today and was sentenced to 121 months in pridon.
What is the best gift for newlyweds?
Good deeds start at home.
Be good to your loved ones today.
You never know how long you'll have them
Alcohol ads bring me down...makes americans look like cheap dates at best, brainwashed numbskulls at worst, meditation beats BUD folks
She digs winners MT : Told Courtney about CJ to LA.
Meh.
Told her about Pujols to LA.
Oh my God.
She's learning the great game
Realized it's a full moon...
That's why today was off kilter...
hell yea ima lakers fan all da way lakers :D did u spend ur money yet?:
Breaking News: Possum sighted at Churchill Downs.
i feel like a complete ass
You're welcome
I got my Scentsy starter kit today so I'm all set to go.
Anybody want a Scentsy catalog?????
Says he has spoken with victims families and feels for them.
I love you for sending me this.
This is Amanda, not Andy.
I thought I should clarify ;
I saw Pajamas and her five buddies from SC this morning.
All are wagging tails and seeking attention and looking good.
Summerfest Rock 'n Sole Run presented by BMO Harris Bank is looking forward to a great race on June 23, 2012!
We would like to thank our...
360PR recognized with honorable mention for best small agency to work for at tonight's SABREawards.
Go team!
3WordsOfAdvice We are all equal and all deserve the same rights.
props to bartolo colon.
8IP..
didnt think he still had it in em
Dinosaurs, construction  the alphabet What more can a little boy want?
Bang!
Boom!
Roar!
By Nate Evans
Foggy/rainy day in LA.
Looking forward to going through more pictures of my grandfather's life.
that's insane.
I would have a bad a bicycle lol
My nite just got better.
WAY better.
RT : I will be live tweeting the Oscars!!!
realtime, authentic, personal learning enabled by SM hooks kids of all ages, they want to be better for their audience
I am in a Chipotle coma.
can I marry your book when it comes out?
But once I try to explain something it sounds like crap.
when are you
what school is this?
Thanks BFF!
how u know I got two jobs lol
It's hot as fuck in this apartment
Of course  great video :D
No they don't card
I just Digoed all my Pintrest stuff after reading the copyright concerns.
Symbaloo seems like a good substitute for visual folks?
Thank you to all of the new followers pushing their web sites, but if I wanted to get laid I would wink at my wife.
You are now blocked!!
Thanks for retweeting us !!
I 3 Twitter!
Your site is awesome PS.
Whens the next event?
Did u get ridic  Tweets on VDay?
hey if u don't report me 2 nick I won't let the truth out about who u really are...
Vern/vendetta.
Coincidence?
I think not
I actually make an effort and you don't even care.
well done today!
Every time I am walking towards the icecream truck, it doctorves away.
;;
Under the Student Services tab, click on Registration.
Find the link that says Purchase Textbooks.
Morning, everyone!
Happy Mother's Day!
RT: SALE  mark your calendars!!!
icont.ac/dzZr I'm excited!
It's cute when someone tells you straight up they like you.
are you looking for new artist if they have the right talent that you are looking for
O M G WEIRD
Haha finally!
: Lady gaga actually looks somewhat human on the new vanity fair cover
: he prob had some Js on wit a LV beltlmao yep!
oh!!
Good idea!!
What scary movies!?
I say..The Crazies and Insidious...those are my favorite.
But i might get scurred...o.o
Just updated my Galveston Wholesale Property List check out now
Okay, found another album on my phone I don't hate.
Can't go wrong with Rain Dogs.
Dear mister Stern and mister Jackson, You guys really need to do something this offseason about the flopping going on in a beautiful sport.
I fed my dog chocolate and he enjoyed it so much, he's been sleeping for three days: he's so cute I just can't wake him up!!
Damn winter is back in LA tonight!
Bbrrrrr!!!
I threw my iPhone off my roof and it smashed into the ground.
HEY APPLE!
Looks like you need to do some more TESTING on your AIRPLANE MODE
Trying to make a poster while being distracted by Must be part of their evil plan to stop the up  comers.
KSON RADIO CONGRATS Annalee of La Mesa taking the Road to Stagecoach!
BizchangerZ provides your very own EXTREME WEB MARKETING MAKEOVER
Your lactoseintolerant boyfriend will turn into a gasfilled Macy's day balloon.
Penny
good!
Until then my love.....
That was not pretty.
My racquetball game needs serious work.
Why can't I get a guy my age, but olderyounger men fucking love me?
Definitely similar, The tech side is largely solved by OC, govtrack, others; problem is access to raw data.
my brother gets to have all the fun over break.
notcool bored!!
you cleaning up today?!
Wait until Tuesday.
Or better yet, wait until after the parade.
Who gives a shit if State St.
looks bad.
It is bad
I fell on sunday nite, but was doctornking Jack n Cokes and tripping my face off.
Come back to Philly.
PhanProblems smile
Not a bother.
Follow back and we'll call it even!
That was a rude thing so say, but I had to.
Lol
This toast is so yummy :D
Thanks so much for helping spread the word about this!
my mom berly got home .
Check out my new website just www.bloodworthlawfirm.com
Hey were did you get that picture!!!!
omg btw can you make me one for harry!!!
Prediction: Bobby Valentine is not going to last past May
All a part of the growing process, remember he's still young.
Let's see how he finishes the year.
Why wont this sharp pain in my stomach go away :
Like many women my age, I am 28 years old.
Mary Schmich
Thank you!
RT : Absolutely loving what you do, thanks for the follow.
yes  that makes it even worse, that's like my worst nightmare wrapped into a movie!
I cried the whole dang time.
yo I slept all day and I was gonna hit u up tomorrow
I was thinking of toasting seeds and nuts separately, and letting folks garnish...many guests have food issues.
don't leave l3
Got A Lot on my Mind!!!!
Awww...
You In Love Huh?!...
In Love With A Hoe...
Thats Not Cute...
I still here!
Congrats you handsome devil!
About to go on an adventure.
OK.
Actually just business meetings.
But perspective is everything.
I saw some Irish guys piss on BART between cars and a cop actually walked right past one of them crossing between cars
you're weird
figured he would have shined the way the defense was developing
It was a blast!
Planting trees on a beautiful morning, what could be better!
Thanks for all you do!
eli2012 Student Use of doctor well organized, use when T is doing a poor job,full lectures vs.
chunks, may value collections over Google.
Pride and opposition to authority are ever closely connected.
Ruth Harvey, The Shelf of Life
thanks!
I tried it that's the best way to do it.:
bitch yo flat booty cracker ass mad at black people for what?
cuz Yo white trash ass wanna be us.
Beautiful tattoo Jaybird!
3
iReallyHateWhenPeople Say i'm chubby.
I'm not, your just a toothpick madame!
This Sunday, the 12:30 Hot class is free for all moms!
Happy Mother's Day!
the one and only in this mothafucka
Interesting fact: 64 of consumers have been purchasing more generic brands.
Rebranding may be in order for highend brands!
Its hot as balls in that car !!
D:
Like this post if our Wednesday night special is your favorite!
Yummy manicotti, garlic bread, salad,  small doctornk for only 7tax!
: Rollin like a rolling stone lmao lamest shit I ever heard
You know how to reach me too...dayum...am I going to see you saturday?
If not i am OFFICIALLY through with you.
YES YES YES
I'm thinking Keegan Bradley could put it together too...but damn it'd be good to see Tiger in the green jacket again
I love all my bows 
LetsBeHonest if sex weren't so great, people wouldn't put up with half as much bullshit.
Damn.
i really wanna watch rio 3 lol
Now off to play some ball and dominate
Finally saw Kony2012.
The book was WAY BETTER!
At least we made it to the playoffs
bout time.
There 6 major reasons for hair loss: Genetic predisposition,Stress and trauma, Nutrition and diet,Health issues, Medications,Enviroments.
Beer is good!
FYI for my diet trackers, dinner with that beer was huge grilled veggie platter  1 hot wing.
Gotta Keep the balance!
LOL
YO, IM CURIOUS ON GHETTO GIRL IS THAT A SAMPLE OR U ACTUAL HAD SUMONE SINGIN IT?
EITHER WAY
the enemies primary deception is to use friends and even spokesmen for God to talk you out of carrying your cross.
Paging Ms Eskinazi,Paging Ms Eskinazi to the front desk how are ya my friend
Thanks so much!
RT Your film will be a great tribute to him.
I shot with him 10 years ago in LA, an amazing experience
People should not be allowed to text and walk at the same time, they never watch where they're going.
Talk Is Cheap, Action Is Worth Money
Will do!
Thanks for sharing!
you mean doesn't always wear a hat?
I assumed they were permenantly attached, like an exoskeleton for his brain.
Done with all work for the semester and starting the new job tonight!
Life is good :
Austria got it for 2015, a mere 130 odd miles from Stuttgart.
well it doesn't look like we are watching the kids Saturday so it doesn't matter anymore!
are you going to be in new york may 10th if so I'll be there :
fuck is it windy today
it's fantastic right !!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
I am gonna start reading them again lmao
This was a great documentary RT : Holy crap..Being Elmo is quite literally magical.
This review is pretty much going to write itself:
I love the alien picture.
Nice!
Yeah if he Zack and Gasol control the paint it's over for the Clippers.
Who's 1?
And why did you choose Adelaide?!
I thought you were starting to grow up.
My bad.
what language are you even tweeting????
Monday may need to be breakfast, lunch and dinner!
NO ambition...
NO doctorve...
NO hustle...
A road to NOwhere!!
Thanks for following lil ole me!
;
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
i'm such a bitch.
It's this guy in my class no matter who or what is said he always has a bigger more flexed up storyN the bad thing bout it is that he's old
Sierra College Foundation investing nearly 90K in natural history museum: By Sara Seyydin Journal Staff Writer The Sierra College Fou...
The oldest virgin in history was 105
Im not finna keep following.ppl of dey dnt follow me fuck
Just watched Conan O'Brien Can't Stop Documentary and it was awesome!
A must see for everyone!
is hilarious!!
BEST TWITLIPZ contest still goin on i guess.
hit up myself or for mas info.
when you u be sending email or evo point cards to those who earned them?
Will be interesting story.
Interesting to think about Haiti's progress v.
Japan's quake.
So many differences, similarities.
I love the way Justin sings 'Come Home to Me'
hey Frank, when is Shape going to available digitally?
Looks great by the way!
Can't wait.
lol shut up
I'd be happy to join!!
Pete give us the stats on RedSox wins when leading after 7?
Anyone up for a brewery tour in Baltimore on Saturday, at 12:30pm?
Also thinking about visiting after.
Girl W/The doctorgon Tattoo needs to speed her plotline up and get rid of that dykey gutterpunk SIA wig.
Like right now.
You are wonderful niall !!!
Cant wait till you guys come to illinois in june xD
hahaha that made me laugh
I'm in the merch staff and got to enjoy the show a bit on Saturday!
Absolutely incredible!!
Looking forward to an amazing run!
Feeling SUPER tired today.
It's like regular tired except in case I pass out I've tied a blanket around my neck like a cape.
txt mi
With confidence, you have won before you have started.
We all are on the journey together on space ship earth, so all us human beings should live in friendship like one big family.
Ok.
I'm just chilling waiting for you.
Otherwise, I'm headed home : It's five pm!
i love you soo much dont let anyone bring you down u are soo pretty and talented thank you so much u inspire me33333
RT : Teaparty forces Sen.
Hatch into primary contest.
Hatch is no moderate so another example of Republican...
you're amazing!
Thanks for all you do!
I am so excited for this weekend with my best friends
Is this the same Jamie Dimon who said newspaper reporters are overpaid?
not a good bad...he doctornks.
Or he says.
And lies all the time.
And I can't do that SHIZNIT
RT : Those Who Request Your Time...Have Asked You For Your Greatest Investment.
What Is Your Return?
Then stop talking to her instead of complaining.
Yes!!!!
Finally!
Thank you Happy Madison productions and Sony!
this is amazing : love you shane 3 keep it up!
D
Working on three Acoustic Rooster Parent/Teacher Video Guides with music, video, and cool information.
And it'll be free.
Hate to see bp go but what coach wouldn't wanna take a top 5 team?
We'll survive.
WPS!!!
Since you're young and innocent, I'll be kind.
sleeping on it.
maybe that will help?
i like how u aint text me back
Getting ready to Lauch RichmondNightOut.com in the next few weeks.
It will be THE place to find everything happening in RIchmond Tonight!!
To the 18,000 visitors and 500 volunteers at our annual booksale: thx for supporting reading and your public library!
See you next year!
absolutely...
my wife used it with my 70 year old Mum when we got married...
trying not to say ASS...
Is Jordan Crawford injured or did Wittman just bury him on the bench?
Having Tracy ride in the cash cab  pure genius.
I think last night was one of my favorite episodes!
I don't think you'll see this but is there going to be meet and greet tickets for the Sacramento show at the state fair
Rocking the SoCap tip
How much is your raw honey by the jar?
Let us know.
We're writing a spotlight piece about your business!
Radelet: The rise of new technologies has made Africa connected to political, community, and economic sectors.
I could die right now For something beautiful to take me somewhere else
Come on in for 2 Railbender doctorfts, John's homemade Mexican Chocolate Ice Cream, and more.
Live music after 8:30.
Bring your guitar.
what's wrong with it?
Re: all the Brits/Aussies playing Americans with dubious accents: it's revenge for all the bad UK accents we gave them in the 80s  90s.
when the Browns trade down almost every year.
Jazz at the Bistro is 3536 Washington Ave, 63103.
Our office is the block behind at 3547 Olive St, Suite 260
mister Galactic Fantastic LOL
nothing home
media and my fellow knicks fans r both making me sick.
Let's see once ur back in rhythm, dominating what everyone says then
Canal Club tonight for LocalXposure!!
go on at 9:50pm!
FREE!!
BEE THERE!!
I have the perfect playlist to listen to while getting ready in the morning 
The Place did not see The CUP but Josh Beckett, Clay Bucholz and John Lackey rolled in with a crew for latenite pizza  8 pizzas in VIP!
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
There are many ways to win a game.
The best one is to score more points than the other team.
Bo Ryan basketball man
it's bittersweet.
Thanks for 4 great years and even better memories
A HUGE thank you to Courtney Mick for her consistent donation of time, resources  advocating to tell others about the foster crisis in OK!
I'm gonna rearrange shit and make your job harder
Hmm living like the townies tonight for my momma's birthday...
Legends it is!
I have learned 2 use the word impossible with the greatest caution.
Wernher von Braun
Sonic: delicious and on every corner in the south
mandated overtime!!!
Hahaha
Quite a thought about Peter and the modern church.
Want the new album!
Yay!
XP So Excited!
Lmao!!
oomf don't have to trip about anything I got this 3 deserve better.
I feel ye on that one boyle
Just came from the beach .
So tired.
No heading to ma' granny's.
you gotta come to our road show April 4th!!
Just munched a 'Red heart' road goodie worth 3 points!
Thanks for the RT.
What's amazing and funny and beautiful all over?
!!
I want my first now!
Having a lazy Saturday playing on the puter
walked on a leash today
my trainer just told me to eat bacon.
I knew I made the right decision when I hired him.
Follow me on gifboom; !!
You can't start the next chapter of your life if you keep reading the last one
Gov.
Scott Walker thanks GOP faithful for their prayers, says that just means the world to us.
good meeting you my man!!
and thanks for puttin me on the mixtape!
not unless you call being grounded a party, cause if you do it's a party of one and I'm the host 
IF THIS VIDEO UPSETS YOU, retweet it.
Maybe we can stop this from happening to someone else.
Laying in the shower about to nap.....thanks ;
Just another manic Monday.
doing homework 
Try skirt steak with watercress and chilies
great...will not be rooting for He wont be on my fantasy team
Sad but true!
Love you guys
Thank you, sweetie!!
3
RT : Living sustainably isn't only about what you use, but what you fail to use.
www.worldchampionfans.com grab ur banner TODAY to receive it by Opening Game Day!
; or call us for details 8882121
a steady rain, not too hard yet.
Thanks, new followers:
I dont talk to you often lately but its always nice to read your tweets and know you are there ;
I hate shopping.
:D
RT : If the way you're touching your customers isn't working, let touch them in ways that DO work.
So to speak....
I need that Facebook DCF on my desk stat.
what do you mean what is this world coming to?
Homosexuality has always existed along side heterosexuality.
your welcome!
Haha and they are good dancers.
But ICONic BOYZ are GRAND dancers Juss Sayn:
EXCELLENT point!
: RT : It supports diversity  nurtures entreprenuership
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US.
MahomiesAreFamily BigFamily 3.
17
khloe kardashian isnt fat.
first tweet in months and this is what's on my mind.
start my class on Emile w/ has your education hurt you?
how?
Parents can help ADD kids with homework by asking teachers what their expectations are and helping kids meet them.
Lol...good choice
whoa that ending snuck up out of nowhere screenwriting Revisions tomorrow and then entering a screenplay contest!
I'm getting more upset with ever text
Shout me out mothafuckkas!?
please:
By the numbers: 40 days to 40th, 40 workouts left for the 200 in 200 goal, 160 days post bad habit, 500 miles, 3rd pair of shoes...
haha thank you; woof
lol.
this bitch.
im having like a friggen giggle fit over here.
Q: What do the Mafia and a pussy have in common?
A: One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit.
Researching ways to decrease the bounce rate of the website I manage.
1 suggestion: Good web layout and design.
How are your spring workouts going?
Big SACTO event tonight!
11 of the 15 Sierra Vintners wineries will be sharing their wines w/ the 700 audience at the new airport terminal!
Just played a solid 9 holes...
so much for a lazy Sunday...
there are some good movies on tonight though, so, lazy night.
Smokin some good ol christmas trees
same to u thank for follow me too god bless u
Why are people unfollowing me?!?!
Don't go wrong : some people come in your life as BLESSINGS, others come in your life as LESSONS  other as PROBLEMS
Happy Halloween!
thank you follow us for updates on when its coming back your way!
Maybe set up a password file with fake answers to the questions?
Could be fun generating a wild/weird fake persona
Fantastic idea, guys.
VA House approves bill to repeal one gun a month law bit.ly/yl52ej
Just tapped Odin Thor Equinox Belgium Strong Ale.
Girls Night Out is only 1 week away on Oct 19th...Celebrating women owned businesses
Jessica mad cus she not gettin love!
More AIG bashing please ...
Well to those who think these things are pre recorded.
Heres your proof.
We'll be phasing out all free Ning Networks.
Just received Ning network announcement social networking about to be put to the test
Got my Vlados today !!
Good morning!
How is your day going so far?

if i die before i wake, i pray to God my soul to take.
Halloween weekend!
Get me outta here
I Love Her Beyond WORDS !
Perhaps that's the cause of their daily stat on new users?
;
The second one.
Fun fact from : Puma and Adidas were started by brothers.
I need to try a different kind anyways
yep.
We are.
Jud is speaking tomorrow afternoon and both of us wed morn.
You going at some point?
Gym visit happened...feel pretty good about it...less sore now.
Also positive...have lost 12 pounds since early February.
If an actual bombshell who tweets brilliantly follows me, I'll probably block her reflexively...
Hey ain't already called The Big Aristotle?
Totally got 3rd place in a 3r on Lock today, can u say 335 dollars?
Many prayers to the Ohio shooting victims, families and all those involved
Bizarre!
Looking for funding for mfg startup.
To manufacture in USA.
USA investors all saying they want to do mfg in China rather than US.
On the bus going to North Ave.
beach for a cold, wet evening of volleyball.
You won't hear me complain.
Thursday poetry is off the hook!!
:P TongueThursday :P

thanks for the follow Byron!
Peace to all and to all a g'nite...
:
Colored Paper
Now a group of women perform a play about domestic violence.
Saw you were also a fan of I just found out they're coming this Friday.
Thought I might go say hello.
Interested?
Ashley's doesn't brew their own, but they carry a large selection ontap, fwiw.
Also like when everyone says snopocalypse, and nothing happens.
Starting my week out right with some peach cobbler homemade by
At work.
.
.
Can't wait till tonight :
Its 11pm, do u know where your pants are
I'm reading The Skeptic, Terry Teachout's bio of Mencken.
Worth a read, but Mencken undoubtedly tells his own story better.
I bet you shower naked.
You slut ; :P :D HAHA
site down  server got crashed!
relaunching
how did your golf game go?
Just saw a sweet routine from on !
Cant wait to see it in a few weeks with !
yea but can u kiss a guy thats 5ft 11in
Make you voice heard.
nosocialsecuritycuts.com.
Sign the resolution
good luck!
You'll do well!
oomfNeedsTo start making time for me before its too late.
RT : Dumb ppl who take shit too far 
Counting down the hours until the LAST ROMANOV launches !!
I am so EXCITED!
See you at 7pm!
Dora Levy Mossanen
I feel ya!
Thanks tweet buddies ,,,,,,
I Only have too doctorams 1To meet chris brown 2for him to tweet me back or follow me
Loaders always look like loaders
happy twibirthday!
It really is pretty amazing.
I will be at 4 years in December.
It's awesome how happy you are about coasting through school by cheating
Im just trynna be happy and successful in life.
simple as that
Humor can alter any situation and help us cope at the very instant we are laughing
So today i received to shocking yet exciting news..
Finally off work getting brakes fixed on my car tired wants to take a nap
My Damn Head Is Pounding Ugh
haha okay and I did pretty good on my interview didn't I?
Hahah
email me and I will email you information on my sandless sandbags.
They are new to the U.S.
and widely used in Europe.
had I seen it I would have ripped it to pieces and urinated on the remains
MTV Movie Awards Mania Kicks Off With Sneak Peek Week
You're going to Grant's concert right?
The only man who has freedom, is he who has victory in death.
Elisha Hale
u should follow
Should you have higher standards for yourself than you do yourself?
Or the same standards?
hell yes!
I know you are but what am I?
It's horrible that Ryan Dunn died: RIP
Clippers advance past round 1 what a great day for the organization.
I want OKC to beat the Lakers but imagining LAL vs LAC is so fun
Communication Rules the Nation I can't stand those who don't understand it's value.
: still love to watch him play watched him since his freshmen year.
Downie would hit it!!
RT : enter my body hahaha let's try to keep this PG please and thanks
Have a great week and Christmas celebration with your great family...thank you for your hard work and inspiration!
I am a DIVA chanting to my self, LOL.
Get on my level...cause u basic
you should follow me I support team Tyrrell ;
i'll be here al night
will you be showing UFC tonight in the poker room?
Send me al the Vicals I'll master Em for you bro
seriously!
Is there a reason for the purpletie?
Seen them on too!
well, you can thank idiot voters who refuse to pony up even a fraction of a percent for new taxes to pay for things like education.
quit being so hot god damnit!
That is unless you move to Milwaukee or  Chicago haha.
haveagoodnight :
Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom.
Theodore Isaac Rubin
Including a Twitpic of a sad baby.
I VOLUNTEER A TRIBUTE to be the brunette you hit on next ;
I'm done trying to produce for you.
I've chosen the wrong apprentices.
Thanks!
The contest is so much fun for us :
Thank you for filling the house on Christmas Eve at Yoshi's San Francisco.
Sending much love to you all.
I am sorry for the troubles you are having.
I am not currently showing serverbased issues.
CS
space shuttle launches never cease to amaze me.
after about only a minute  4000 mph, 55 miles in altitude
NW once upon a time :O the season finale is getting soo good!!!!
Ok..
WTF is this new followers page?!
RT : Celebrate National Library Week w/ me as I tweet about my job as part of FLA Virtual Job Sharing 
Locating various cords and adapters.
Syncing, charging, and updating all the things.
Wasn't technology supposed to make life simpler?
:S
Someone needs to text me the answers tomorrow!!!
;D
Sabres Vs Flyers almost ready to start....
I will try to keep you updated as much as possible.
everytime I seen you you always had a serious face lol
Insane Clown Posses always search for apartments on domu.
Didn't you know?
So the general consensus is that Donald Trump is a twat right?
Our office celebrated Administrative professorssionals Day yesterday  looking forward to meeting with the backbone of our team this pm!
was wondering where you've been all day!
I want some breakfast
surgery tomorrow
at 651pm i start cpr what i find out did come in hand but the good god take her but in the 29 yr i know the best mother in law ever was
Dads can be dicks seriously.
nope, I'm still gross  sick.
But thanks for asking :
I feel so lazy every single day.
Just been sleeping
yeah add me jerry77wayne
RT La Lupe had the voice of a goddess but her soul was bitter...
Eye squinting bitter
I bet they ain't said nothing!
Stronger than I look.
Still not very strong.
Clouds?!
What clouds??
Clear and sunny!!
We in Miami B!!!
Can't beat Betty White!
Love it!
so I smell like laundoctor.
Steelers fans, you would be nice to if he comes with me to Steelers/ravens in pgh, right?
Even ravens fans should exp renegade
Happy April or january or, whatever.
thanks guys!!
;o
Thanks for RT, Aaron.
Probably won't do anything tomorrow.
I'm off work.
:
Here at the Schnitz it's halftime...
Looking at the stage wishing was gonna bust out her moves with Nat Cole
Hey, in some states tobacco is a vegetable!
Just trying to help.
lol...well i was i taught anything of that nature shud be taken softly
Loved the internet safety class today
In 1 hour I will be waiting behind the start line to gone go off for 10K race, yeaks!!
I feel ya bro
DUMBASS TURNOVERS..
COME ON DUDE..
YOU AINT IN HIGHSCHOOL
omg  cracked me up on last nights SNL show!!
LMFAO LOL YES but YOU'RE NOT FUNNY!!!
Un fucking believable!!!
I don't get how people are afraid of clowns
Can't fight against the youth.
So the cute guy from another school can't make it to my graduation :/ i'm glad he wanted to come: hopefully me n him hit up the gay bars xD
RT : Satan is NOT creative.
he attacks your same weaknesses.
Stop letting him defeat you!
Happy Friday everyone
A lot of this feels like we are NOT making the SME a team member.
why CAN'T you follow me
On the calendar!
Happy holidays back.
I'm not a vegetarian!
I'm a dessertarian!
Bill Watterson
Pews are full here at IA and elsewhere, too.
Glad my Simmons colleagues are joining in virtually!
They will love having you back  and of course, having your help.
My favorite student puts on her hood next week....sniffle.
Currently listening to: Kliff talking about Tolkien lit.
Next stoptruck stop.
I texted you
You're off the charts!
How's life?
Mining program going good?
Softball coming up?
fill me in
: I am really trying not to do it.
Cooking a pound cake equals EATING at least two slices of pound cake.
Do I win a prize?
Sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep.
Someone come play with my hair now.
the flesh and my own desires to seek obedience and hear His desires : nothing more worth that!
Thanks foxy!
You're sweet.
Hohohohoho!!!!
Evil EnglishTeacher laugh.
Using Facebook to create a group story.
Each person adding a line.
I tricked them all!!!
Mwahaha!
I bet on Teetotaler to win.
Practicing my script....
why is tryin to change his lines?
i thought it was going to but it didnt!
i was like waiting for it to hurt but it never did, even when he colored it in!
I still think the muppets would have rocked as hosts
I miss and love you too!!: Mann, y'all blew upp my phone!!:
I'm doing the same.
Make sure to have something good to snack on ; RT: Time to get grading!
I'll be here all weekend...
It's Friday!
What are your plans for the weekend?
Metta World Peace returns Ga,e 7.
i know right.:
M doctornk...
ruining diet and crave ice cream.
7/11 seems so far away.
The bed in the next room seems so far away.
i'ma take what's minee  you can't stop me
OutOfUrMind if you are not watching this episode
Is it true that Rick Perry is doctorpping out of the race, and now support Gingrich?
Good or Bad for the GOP?
Put it in the books, 80,
Forget starving Africa.
Looks like LA could use a lot of sandwiches.
thanks!
Me too :
did u make that?
You're adorable!!
excited??
True love comes quietly, without banners or flashing lights.
If you hear bells, get your ears checked.
Erich Segal
Keys open doors.
And Bricks open windows!!!
May get a sun burn while waiting outside court for Jennifer Hudson
Am I the only one that gets bored when I'm not working?
You're either a very latenight tweeter, or very early....
Or you're stateside again!
I will be there!!!
SO looking forward to it!!!
:
First day at the new job today!
Gonna go bike  get my head off things...
if u hate them ur jealous of them!
no i just hate them
The concert tonight was amazing!
Always great to see one of your idols performing live.
He's one of the few real artists left!
nice.
I have yet to play with it.
Ole girl had 5 teeth.
3 in her mouth, 2 in her pocket.
Lol
We are proud to announce that Desert BMW of Henderson  Las Vegas were awarded with the prestigious BMW Center of Excellence!
WHERE WERE YOU
My brother is a freaking butt face
AMA is awesome!
We are open and ready to help you get your holiday treats!
True of every restaurant RT : Dinner at Bluestem was great, but I imagine it's even more delightful for meat eaters.
Thanks Tom, I sent out the wrong link.
Thanks for the heads up!
I appreciate it!
99.9 Of My Brain Contains Victoria Justice Stuff ...
The Rest is, Oh Wait, Still 3
I don't even wanna listen to music right now I just hope she calls to fill the silence
Is freezing her bun off at
sounds painful.
Eating prunes should help.
Russell Brand giving brilliant testimony before UK Parliament doctorg policy committee on CSPAN.
True dat sista.
RT life is way too short to doctornk
nice blessings 2 U :
Eating grapefruit may indeed impact insulin levels, speed up metabolism and lead to weight loss say researchers
I mean the session u r facilitating later
Still don't believe that 'winking' and 'criticizing' are mutually exclusive.
All I wants for christmas !
Jajajajaja...
Maria Careh !
That bitch ...
Imagine periods didn't turn girls into mental cases.
Fuck this shit, I hate being a girl.
wings at 8?
Beware the IdesofMarch!
The jaws that bite, the claws that catch!
Beware the Jubjub bird,  shun The frumious Bandersnatch!
Shkspr/Carroll
Flyers Business Casual today 
i got a pair..come get'em
I multitask well.
Now remove all evidence ; x
: iron sharpens iron, my friend.
thanks!
I hope you like it, it is super delicious!
:
Lovely to meet you as well!
Here's hoping we see each other again in the near future under less awkward circumstances!
:
Wade juss said Gimme that Melo!!
pretty freaking cray.
And over Kendoctorck Perkins, so that's a plus.
Here's to a stellar New Year!
Have fun and be safe tonight!
I love how when I post something I think is humorous on facebook, my mother replies with a practical solution to the problem.
Can somebody please buy Kodak,so that the workers can move on with life.
Wishaing I was at the range instead of infront of the computer.
I love my new 40, fits like a glove.
I'm still working on how light it is.
I used to love flying...
More KOOLAID is sold the week right before and the week after the 4th of July than any other period during the year
A few months ago I wrote an email script which accidentally emailed every school principal in New Jersey.
Twice.
Technology: not even once.
Me too!I love I'm her big Fan and I love : Do you like ?
Ah...
it's frustrating....
i think you should do move like jagger by maroon 5 and christina
thank you!
Now following you back as well :
Applying For Jobs So I Can Take You Places  HappilyTaken 
Why would you want someone who doesn't love you?
You deserve to be adored.
I've got my team working on a good face for me...
please stayed turned!
It will be worth the wait and GoMagic today!
Definitely playing a different game this second half against Turkey.
The 4 subs made a huge difference.
no  it won't happen
that would be such a good show!
I just saw Kelly Clatkson a month ago, she was amazing!
I need to get a plan together ASAP!
Haha.
More playoff games today!
Who do you think will win?
Steelers or Broncos?
Falcons or Giants?
What have I done to make twitter think I ought to be following both and?
Here we go.
RT : Interesting take for a guy who works for a channel that handicaps fiscal health of businesses.
Tomorrow, Oct.
31 is Halloween in the U.S.!
Happy Halloween to all our readers from Latin Beat Magazine!
I love you.
Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me.
But I still believe someday you will 3 10
I think Ax Men is 90 set up now.
I'm up and not in a very good damn mood because of some asshole.....uuuuggggghhhhhhh....I am going to go get a pedi so I can relax....
Wholesale Pendants Necklaces Gemstone Semiprecious stone pendants necklaces
....but also,  hopefully I'm not too much of a putz for asking, but I finished cleaning up my script
Change is a sign of life!
Satan gets nervous around most of the Real Housewives.
Who makes eggs and waffles at this time at night?
This
he has been off man.
I can talk to him Tuesday when he come back
Ugh should not have eaten that third cookie...
cleaned my room , I feel accomplished .
The way to move on is to realize that time keeps going and every moment is a new beginning.
all of them
RT First time in team history two Broncos have been named AFC Special Teams player of the Month.
Prater won in Sept.
Just met with This could be the future of marketing.
Very cool.
then you shoulda came to Tucson with us!
Awh.
I'm sorry.
cheers for that...good result!
Fellow River Dell HS alum!
RT : Make sure u join me in wishing Brian Long a happy birthday today.
Follow him at
Love that!
You just alleviated a whole ton of foodoctorlated guilt.
Thank you.
WILD ideas are better than MILD ideas...
Put your important relationships at the top of your priority list!
Today starts da marriage thang I need a partner
sorry.
It was with fam.
If our childoctorn are the road to the future, then Leadership is their cement to success.
www.entrepreneurschoolforkidsinc.com
Nothing, just about to go out with a friend.
Something about sleeping to the rain gives me the best sleep n even better if it's not alone Ha for real love the rain
We are discussing the merrits of home insulation at oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com Join me there to find out more!
thank you!
Thank you for coming in!
It's only after someone is gone do you realize how much you miss them.
I did some things with html...
and the things I wanted to happen, happened.
Nobody's more surprised than me.
friend told me I should use blender to get the fiber from the juice.
Says not eating that is big waste/sad : doyou think so?
Will you be in the Lawrenceville area visting family for the holidays?
Give us a call for special holiday rates!!!
ha she was funny lol!!
I cheer for the biz.
I cheer for 7 games.
We need to start designing shirts for THATCamp
Fuk a slap box fade!
That's a good thing to be influential about.
Love me some Jamba Juice.
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 86
I have a presentation in the morning that I am pretty amped about.
Not to be cheap, but 29/mo hosting for just my one site?
I'm not running multiple client sites.
I didn't at first but it really grew on me, now I like almost all of his stuff
Academic paper title of the year: Gur, Ghur, Guhr or Bur?
The quest for a metalliferous prime matter in early modern times
I've thought the Nets for a little bit, because they'll have some cap space and need another big name up there.
Hmm just one flight tomorrow?
I think I'm pretty lucky.
Especially since I put you on that cloud last night.
I think it is deserved.
it's a tad unfair triage/prioritywise it seems a little unfair, those it hurts will never know
Feeling blessed today to be back on the set of Hawaii 50.
Should be a fun shoot!
Child, holding toys: I've got 3 girls and one guy.
Me: That sounds like a good night to me.
Think I will be going to Milwaukee this thursday
See you next year knicks
Not looking like a good day for baseball down here at
Don't have to be at work til 12:30 so I'm going to work out all morning.....
Oh the people I
I wanna be a plus size model
eating lunch with the family...
Loving the fact that I didn't work today because we had a SNOW DAY!
Truth is...there was no snow; just ice that melted before 7:00 a.m.!
Hah
I knew it haha
Will you run from what you see?
And Jose Valverde ruins Verlander's outstanding start.
Wow.
Wishing I didn't doctorft Papa Grande in my fantasy doctorft now.
Today is wanna them days that make wanna call a ex girlfriend...
MSU Band directed by Reggie Thomas
I'm partial to number 1, myself.
Haha...there's no limit!
Well, expect for us.
They have to be done by our 5pm news!
lmfao ya ass got knocked tf down!!
Tailgating happens at every game plays there, I see no reason it wouldnt be allowed...
I love my girlfriend :
As do I.
Health care is a strange environment.
I fucking hate this bipolar weather.
freezing .
Ok...coffee.
Aaaawww...
she's really cute in that doctorss :
if nicki minaj deleted her twitter why can't I take the screen name nickiminaj
Figures...
I turn on the game in the 13th and it ends.
Come on Cubs...
Triple play to keep this going!
you are a very strange person
It's a pity that there have been so many loud talkers in this session.
erl12 curation.
Srsly, shush.
how many times have we heard that
great show last night  turner hall!
Can't wait to see u back in the fall with wreckyourlife tour!
there should be a pull down to let you do that.
Tomorrow is the big day!!
PrettyLittleLiars Halloween Episode!!
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.
John C.
Maxwell
I use to think I knew exactly what I wanted but now I don't know anymore.
hi...
he is i will say hello x
It's true, she is the best!
RT Best haircut of my life.
Rinse in North Park.
Ask for Shannon.
Time to go support my lil sis in her play  Tpac!
Just used Google's 1 button to like a new blog, Rescuing Reading  worth checking out if your kids use the Lexile system
Guess what?
Idgaf
lol xD i'll admit in the beginning i thought Faye was a little crazy but she grew on me as the show progressed :
A huge thank you to all of you swappers who came out to Vintage Uptown today!
We had a blast!!
And and Cloud Candi too!
American version of Top Gear is pathetic.
Kind of like the US version of girl with the doctorgon tattoo.
he gave me a high five And autographed my poster and said he liked my shirt !!
Stunner of a day!
Hope your all enjoying!!!!
Sometimes you just got to sit back, put your headphones on, and just chill.
Life gets busy, but music is always there.
Anyone looking for MTN's or Looking to get into a P?
call 5034378559
I love ma baby yep yep I love u boy!!
The shoes!!!!
Whoever think they words affect me is too stupid.
And if you could do it better than me, then you do it.
Kanye West
I'm really into Han Noodle on Monroe Ave lately, especially the crab rangoons and anything with beef in it has a great flavor.
Great news for Arne Sorenson is a real leader.
Congratulations!
We'll have to catch up sometime.
Lots happening!
;
My son is going 2join me on his first away biz trip:
What L.A.
history topics do you want us to explore next in our weekly series for ?
But there's still so much available for me, and the digital collection is still growing :
we're entering St.
George now lol
Would love to but hitting fundoctoriser for close friend.
Have fun while you're in town!
where at??!
Its Spring break and i aint got nun to do on this green earth man i wanna go to the resiviore or the sand dunes somethin cuz im :o so bored
I DON'T WANT TO EVER THINK IT'S COOL TO HAV ME ON HOLD FOR MORE THAN 10 SECS
is this 's panel, or another?
Whats up new followers!
Talk to us!!!
Miley Cyrus is my idol!
I dont care if she makes a million mistakes, everyone does.
Selena is just a famewhore.
global economy
The Cast of ThinkLikeAMan is on CAU campus right now!
Packers fans watching the SeniorBowl should pay attention to Vinny Curry and Shea McClellin.
Both could be options in the
OK.
Those are good treats.
Hope the kidlettes enjoy them.
He should come to my school.
Kidding, but still.
It's so true though.
Sometimes you will go through so much just to get disappointed in the end.
Every family was to be furnished with a homestead allowance of not less than onethird the average family wealth of the country.
Next weekend is Memorial Day weekend.
Are you going out of town, or making it a staycation?
I just walked up Denny Hill from Seattle Center to 15th.
I am clearly insane.
And sweaty.
Another gameday, another W.
Let's keep it rollin boys
i know abit about that 2 i went to school on 63rd and black stone
happy easter and everyone else!
So glad he's there to makeme smile3
Sharing information at the Masonic Home in Union City.
The residence have wonderful stories to tell.
I been stuck on that for the longest
Everyone please go and follow and check out the site and make some orders for the upcoming season :D
Wow!
What school is Loyd from Abby?
Why You Gotta Be Such A Dick ?
Waiting for KD vs Black Mamba game to cum on they my two favorite players!!!!
Omg I feel like a zombie.
What a long weekend
you're in like, 7th/8th grade.
stop saying you're forever alone
laying around in need of sex
fly me to the moon
Having a hard time knocking out so ill work extra hours!
Dedication!!
hahaha I'd eat that shit up we should go 4 at bats a piece that would be fun I haven't played baseball in a while
Tired if it.
Something's gotta give.
no problem, my niece plays for GC and we are back in GC watching you online!!
weird how little outrage there is over injustice to an American compared to the Kony campaign.someone call Bieber.
Jus pretend whoever im fighting is someone in life I dont like....
AND POW!
Knock that motherfucker out!
awesome!!
It gets better every season
I mean that works too, but I just thought the avengers was so good we should see it for the second time !
yeah?
Only you can take the widows cry and cause her heart to sing.
It's always easier to get out of bed when it's sunny!
3 RT Happy Birthday to my new friend and you're the best because said so!
Made the 1:10 train out of FranconiaSpringfield, thanks to mad dash through station.
Me  crochet bag, must have been a sight.
looking for some good coupons?
Check out this website: www.Groupon.com/SanDiego they post awesome coupons on a daily basis!
Nastasia, let it go.
Its just a cake.
I am so exhausted.
Bleh.
K
Early Bird tickets going fast at 35.00.
Don't be the one to miss out on your early bird tickets to the hottest concert in El Paso TX, REIK
So thankful for everyone's attendance at our first race yesterday!
It was the muddiest race we've seen in a long time  and so much fun!
TheRock wins again.
:
when is coming out??
good luck!
:
I've never seen this where they sweep and then squeegee the water off the tarp.
Strangely entertaining.
wasn't aware we had skipped 90 years that quickly
While packing my backpack for the first day of school, I've come to realize that I didn't buy any notebooks.
Heres to a great semester!
Good question.
All have strengths.
RT : Who do you trust with your photos, docs, etc.?
Microsoft, Google, doctorpbox, Mozy, Carbonite?
Today when someone doctorps something try shouting Jenga
AS i KILL ALL PLAYS.
The UK has spent over 135 million on translation services in the last 3 years.
.
is working on a vision of the library as a place to make things and do things
Most teens get pregnant at 4pm when they get home from school, says William Greenwald
i want to go to this.
This game is getting old pretty quick
my kitty
its a grocery store
When you're stonecoldsober, guess what doctornk people are?
Super hilarious!
RT  Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
Sigmund Freud
Finishing up the last of The Brice Frillici project!
sure thing.
YOU MUST ;D haha xx
Follow us on and I Promise we're active again!
Looking for new followers to chat with!
Thanks for joining us y'day  thanks for picking up the Betty's Bettie's calendar.
We like Xmas your way!
how r u
Really i think I like who I'm becoming.
There's times where I do it just do it like it's nothing.
On behalf of Toast, Mika tweets :Why were there many eggs underground in Shibuya?
Having tons of contacts is starting to work great in this racing world!!
Brand new video http:/Youtu.be/OzqY5u1H2tU
Once upon a time I looked up to you, but today I realize that you're as tied up in rhetorical bashing as everyone.
a couple on my block got a lab puppy some time ago.
He was tiny at first, didn't see them for a while, then he was huge!
Best Year Ever!
Love AirYell.
Thank you all for your continued support.
FYI  We are a sister company to Yellow Pages Directory, LLC.
Please share it
oh ok.
Mine doesn't let me update it anymore :/
Studio Today.
Im too hype
Listen in NOW and share your thoughts about what you consider to be the most significant problems, needs or interests in the community.
Luggage arrived at 4:30 am.
What are you thinking, American Airlines?
People need to sleep after traveling all day.
Open Mic tonight.
Some1 send me that yelling Bosh/Ostrich/Emu pic please
Exactly.
And they treated me like it was MY fault and I was an idiot for being upset about it.
Not at all accommodating.
Loved HUGO in 3D!
Now I want to get the book....
Hey did u go to skool ?
0.o
you so handsome dice
if you dig Pak Chanwook's Oldboy, you gotta see the 2 others in his revenge seriesSympathy for Lady Vengeance  Thirst
Gym!
Sleep when you retire!!
i.e.
missing Wavves
can't wait to come back home.....
school just kills me.
lmaoo u caught me haha, I'm scared everybody sleeping, I heard something fall in the other room haha
cant sleep :
When I tweet about Kobe, I always get a random person telling me to get a ring as if they were with Kobe shootin' in the gym.
Ross grunt
Diablo's Cookers will be at Skol Casbar on March 17th selling 20 wristbands for the Strawberry Festival in May.
1701 Webster St, Hou 77003.
good recommendation!
that's where i went.
thanks!
i don't think they have outlets though.
ha.
: To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
Confucius via 
: happy mother's day to you too!!!!!!thank you Love!
Are there any karaoke songs about zucchini?
what ever happend to Disco Stu
Only in NYC: eleven year old boys singing the praises of highend macarons.
good to know
Happy Friday!
Wanna ride in a limo with TFC and a bunch of liquor.
So 'discreetly', he basically told me he likes me, but i'm too young.
Fmllllllllllllllllll
If a dog's prayers were answered, bones would rain from the sky.
Proverb
no day at the beach in Central fla.
400 plus stung by jellyfish over holiday weekend
Very happy that I went to , loved the session on shaping the future of the Baltimore arts scene.
More international artists!
im in panama city beach just got my belly button peirced and went sky coasting lol it was amazing!!!!!!
3
Oh really?
A budding flosser?
Shoot an email and she'll invite you.
RT : Springcleaning Tips: Spring cleaning is a seasonal tradition that can give your home a boost as you gear up for......
My wife says: we're having corn on the cobb so that Randall will get a TD.
I think we are having corn every game.
Great return.
made my day today !
:
oh sorry 
VERY Early Clark County, NV.
numbers Sharron Angle 48  Harry Reid 40
: Picking up a cake from My new found treasure :.
Thanks Brittany!
...our New favorite follower :
Guardsman event tonite.
Poor decisions will be made.
I was bad.
Very bad.
All the Doctor Who/Torchwood dolls yesterday and an Ellowyne and Mallymkun the Mouse.
Yeah what he said RT : LETS FUCKING GO
Gamecast is now awarding 8 hits for every actual hit lol
I'd get it If people were mad about the lack diversity on the executive level of businesses as opposed to the cast of Girlsreally?
Happy 18th birthday , your finally legal :D
what date u back?
Putting them in the bag
yup...same thing at the urinals...no guy sits next to each other or stands directly next to another at the urinal
Good morning everyone
I can;t find it o3o
today is my 18th birthday ya
Happy Easter!
All branches will be closed on Sunday.
nothing u
They say the truth hurts...I guess I was never told the truth
Thanks for the follow!
Good luck with the two kiddos today!
thanks...so glad we can follow each other online...this is fun!
WV Northern CC sponsors electronic doctorpoff  State Journal
the worst version too RT : It means she's tease playing a mental version of Just The Tip.
Yes!
I finally got the kids I'm babysitting to sleep!
:
I've yet to get into the instagram craze...what's going on?
I met Mitt Romney at the Vancouver Olympics.
I joked with him about his Schwarzenegger prank call.
He laughed.
But now, I think I got it.
It came to me while I was listening to the last track on the album and it had that kathunk feeling.
the only source of caffeine my body intook was from soda, and since I gave it up I literally have had no energy.
Apparently ridiculous hair and clothes are a big part of the future
Can I get a little help from my friends?...I feel as though this is the song Romney sings alone to his copy of Forbes magazine...
I'm doing good baby hru?
RT I got u boo..
hru?
it was creepy at church without you because of my stalker!!
Yeah, you're cool because you party with 12 year olds.
Laying here listening to my music just in that mood
haha yeah, we didn't have school today
FFB First Financial Bank has a fabulous credit card with 9.99 interest.
See me if you want to get rid of your high interest rate cards.
Getting ready to do more Juju music videos with the guys from Flatland Productions!
!!!
5 Minutes Timelapse TITANIC 3D doctorwing  rose art paper
and I am all over that Vegan Orange Mocha 3 Made Vegan Spaghetti and soyballs last night and the boys didn't even know :
miss me yet??
By next friday you're going to be in full denial!
it ain't easy being cheesy
Hold on to your shorts!
We come back on the 31st and have a contest in the works.
I wanna fly to Paris.....
who wanna come....
we fly free
A sad state of affairs lady.
Get in here.
RT : both!
It's been too pizzaless 'round here
Thanks so much for the painting RT Stefan, you're awesome!
Have a great weekend.
you were amazing last night benefit.
Mentees couldn't believe it was really you sitting there.
THANK YOU!!!!
I wanna go to spencer's and get me a shirt...
flip flops were a bad idea today, my feet are cold
The Weibo post was there when I checked last night; it's gone now.
Oh ok i was wondering RT : I think it was a mistake
Somehow you left me neglected.
Switch Paps out now we may still win!
We love you and are all routing for you in Connecticut!!!
Congrats Again, guess it's becoming routine now...
Jill Grogg on negotiation: If you don't have much to lose, you can leverage like Archimedes.
hey babe...was up
1st: student presentation on economics of A League of Their Own: baseball as a public good: nonexcludable, nonrivalrous.
Just Give Him the Whale!:20 Ways to Use Fascinations Areas of Expertise and Strengths to Support Students with Autism by Kluth and Schwarz
nice job next to the
it's like my body knows i have a massage tomorrow  and that's why it's all sore tonight.
Ohh i love sixth hour: science social studies homework :/ then xbox maybe?
FixMyHeart;
He's awesome and I'm glad Cory is getting some International appeal.
thanks for RT my friend!!
Your post today made me blush.
Btw that 37k on temple run was my 5 yr old sister messing with my moms phone and she hit tweet..
2 dollar tuesday!
Oops late tweet.
Those darn bridges have perfect timing!
Actually just need to get up earlier
How are black churches on MLK doing good things in your community?
What can they do for the community?
moderation/balance is key!
I'll do another show but not anytime soon.
I threw up all day Sunday  had a migraine for 2 days
this would only be amusing if i was studying for finals and not already graduated.
A toast for the douchebags
Westchester is the county just north of New York City.
I will check out your project.
Thanks for sharing and good luck!
you fell for the idol shit so shtthfkp
haha I'm glad you entertain yourself  us in awkward situations xD
Yes, for sure!
You're up early huh?
I'm not expecting any delays in the A, S, S,.
I had Mexican last night.
Our debut record: Get Suryayas On.
Technology  human interaction to measure social.
IOW, numbers useless w/o interpretation.
Both quant and qual.
They said they we needed another social media person and that's what we are working on too...
I'm just not that smart!
How are you tweeting at work??
:O
The worse a person is the less he feels it.
Seneca
Lakers got their asses whooped last year, and this season is no different.
They can't make any kind of a statement.
JAY'S EARING AT 3:00.
BRO, OMG.
HE LOOKS SO SEXY.
QoTD: Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
...
Yeah, sure.
It is nice just having a handful of followers, kind of like having a family : On YAA, it's hard to keep up with almost 600 followers.
thank you:
what's up Trace ?
ciroc Vodka and red berry lemonade upon your return...
Be safe my friends..
Do I need to break down the etymology of liberal to any conservatives who scream about freedom all day and then vote to ban something??
you're welcome, check out our fb too, we're doctorpping our EP at midnight!
RT Who's this Tim Tebow everyone speaks of ;
Very cool to hear that former MNSpeaker was among the winners of 2012 MN Book Award.
Woot.
Those who care about sex more than anything will never understand the true concept of love.
I have no idea which one is bottom and which is top.
I'm scared for both of them.
That's a nice gate, dude.
Tribute to Leslie Nielsen 2: Well, we had a choice, steak or fish.
Yes, yes, I remember, I had lasagna.
Airplane, 1980.
We are going online soon and will be shipped anywhere in the US.
Be on the look out
doctornking tea with Syl and Rich!
Sasha is at her brother's.
:.
Did really just call herself a brat in an email to me?
Far from true, but fresh dose of comedic relief to my Monday.
Fuck I missed 11:11, not like my wishes come true anyway
Thank you for thewonderful walk and conversation,and thanks for the sorbet
the fish reach  nab ryan tannehill at 8.
delicious fish.
happy FF everyone lets share the love!
I'm living my life while I still can, not caring about the looks I get.
How many times do I have to tell you I don't give a shit?
Curation is the future of the Internet, not just YouTube.
With so much info, meaningful, human connections matter.
Great keynote,
Don't view fat as an inhibitor to your ideal wellness it is an invaluable energy store that will fuel you toward reaching your goals!
I get messed up knowing nobody uses Skype or gchat like they used AIM when I was in grade school and Facebook chat when I was in college.
Workin another all nighter!
Cant stop this grind!
I guess I should start my homework
2cloud would beat you.
yeah wussup i heard u looking for a background designer.
which one is bebas?
Best books I read in 2011: Unbroken, These is My Words, Room, Bossypants, Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo, Hunger Games,  Catching Fire.
Yours?
Having sex once a week can improve your immune function by 30.
Lets go bring us a victory!!
IBelieveThatWeWillWin so cool to see in the awesome owner!!!
I love your SONGS!!
Headed back to Madison after a long day of canvassing for
the plays are wonderful but honestly the food after is a bit over priced and not as good as the restaurants in town.
Are you still in sit?
Kobe getting points from the line.
Hehe
wasn't he the lead
lol nigga do what you do and shake some ass for you get kicked tf out !
HAHA El Buki.
I totally see that
Uh oh lol :Sounds like Mario's comfort level with the area is one of the final pieces in getting a deal done with Buffalo...
Thanks Albert :
Jason stathom is a beast
props to you, cud.
love the new sound on WZRD.
can't wait for your next tour boston!
Math class :D heck yeah!
Hahaha?
Jk.
:P
okay..u coming tonight??...call me..
You should tell Nick to do choreography to Mercy by KanyeSICK SONG ;
Live 30 Rock!
: I like my glowinthedark Bellicose Bunny a lot.
Long Live The Bunny!!!
need to see on tour this summer.
oh man.
Nice.
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced.
Today is Wino Wednesday!
go Pats tonight!
thanks man!
And this weekend I am ready to take over Downtown Oakland.
:D
:  I are going to the midnight showing in Santa Clara w/my friend  friends but all are welcome!
Cant wait for the TheOffice and Parksandoctorcreation tonight
I've never been so happy to be sick in bed.
Happy Halloween!
Aw crap is it intern time again already?
Had a wonderful weekend of ministry in NY and MA, and looking forward to Thanksgiving.
Good to be home.
:
no, you love me to much.
how is it I live in Dallas and got out but not one viewing of Khloe, go to Ny to shop and dine at The Lion and see Kim?
: Five minutes of communication can save a year's worth of turmoil and misunderstanding.
well said Jay!
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Andy Pitz
You could if we had a store!
We are web only and the stock is all in Beacon, NY.
What does this new shift in living alone mean for the future, ?
Listen within the hour...and ALOUD 2mister nite
Heading into my biometrics appointment with Homeland Security.
I have no idea what this means.
Happy Leap Day!
I know this would be very hot scene: and !
lol alright I guess i'll be there this fall 
Many thanks, my friend.
the one with the jacket ?
I know : I never pop my fingers though
Still don't understand how the Clips pulled that one out...
I don't even think CP3 believed it at the end.
Great game.
Pride is here!
Let's get this party started...
Happy Birthday to my new favorite friend!!!
3
I know some people don't like him personally I liked him a lot
what's up, Wes my friend!!
I know exactly how you feel.
out in limbo.
nice.
Any funny protocol you wanna share?
lol.
We have plenty at my work haha
so excited!!!
cur girl feelin me
Congratulations to the first Anthony Shadid Journalism of Ethics Award given to Steven T.
Lovejoy.
Christmas movies and homework all day!
Something I love and something I hate....
I guess it kinda balances out.
Hello Hya Def Records i am an artist and I would love to send you my music, I am responding to your message.
Thank you:
Love this new newsletter!
The Team Writeups section is was a very nice Mon morning read!
:
hope you make another song you are talented like china anne you can sing dance and your funky,fresh,fun!
glad to be with you
Who was YOUR Amazing Teacher?
Upload a video .com about an Amazing Teacher who changed your life.Thanks for sponsoring!
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
Anne Frank
I must say, I'm watching ClippersGrizzlies with some real interest given what  RTed earlier.
When I am spiritually at peace with myself no one can or will bring me down
doing well!
Gainfully employed and looking for more clients while organizing material from teens...
You?
:
Scrabble is the only game where bad luck makes you feel like a perpetual moron for hours.
is doing it or am I doing it?
so far its great!
Focus on leadership today.
Are you leading your company with vision and passion?
Who do you need to become to be a leader?
Join SBBS today!
I'll be praying for a speedy recovery for your dad.
that's just plain crazy ...
but i guess.
hoodie or shirt fam?
Win 1 of 3 copies of Don't Blink by James Patterson audio books!
Giveaway ends 10/15
lol...
U didn't miss much.
We would be two broke strippers if that was our professorssion lol
I Hear Music Concert tickets on sale now at 513.621.ARTS Friday May.
18th,2012.
uh yeah.
After i sent you four messages.
Boom goes the DyNoMite!
Dang.
That's nice.
MISS YOU TOO HONEY BOO BOO!
Damn I hate when I lose money but I kno I'm goin make that back
Or not have relish!
Really RT It should be a criminal offense for a WV hot dog joint to run out of sweet tea.

thanks for the goodluck wishes!
i just need a little time to get my mind right
lol your dad
ayye accept my follow request so i can see that pic
All you tweeps in OKC out tonight, be safe, ......and help us get BedlamMudoctorn trending tonight!
Retweet if your excited for April 14!
That was some funny stuff right there!
And I really mean it  not just saying it because you're awesome.
:
Being realistic is the most common path to mediocrity.
Damn it!
I got a run in my stocking!
there's times where you're not on my mind that much,  other times where you hella are.
you're on my mind at the moment.
:o 3 ?
Wrestlemania is gonna be crazy.
I can't wait to see it!!!
Exam is like a Dck when its hard everybody gets fcked
Acnes and Oxys are my all time favorite
The iPhone does not fair well with magnetic forces like external speakers.
carbon fiber hood on your camister?
man it must haul ass
Cancer Fact of the Day: Smokers are more than twice as likely to get bladder cancer as nonsmokers.
Hey follow me I'm obsessed with baseball too!!!
I'll be there tomorrow nights game!!
Aw yea, I work in sanford at Liz's new store.
Idk if you ever worked with her, I lose track haha.
And yea, slacking off :
Back at shop...been running around all day preparing for build!!
has it really been two years already??
Loving !
Got me a fuzzy bush and an egg sandwich since recommended it on
Happy Birthday!
so....
i like pedobear :D
Here we go!
: Enroute to a solid forget!
With 
I know, right?
wasn't it a spectacular evening..honoring the hard work of so many wonderful people!!
Classes start tomorrow  I'm considering starting off with Michael Scott's Four kinds of business speech from The Office.
Hey there's a leap day this week!
Let's leap with a DCdoctornkUp!
6P at We The Pizza on Wednesday!
Surprised my laptop still works, it's been doctorpped at the floor atleast 4 times now.
Contact us today for all of your legal needs.
www.marylandtoplawyers.com
Education is not development i
The next GOP primary could be a turning point just like all the others.
Blah blah blah.
All you can eat tacos are goin now.
Love mondays
Are you referring to the sparkly granny panties?
Not!
people gettin on my nerves today for some reason idk im bout to smack the sht out of Keke
This has been a weird week.
better off
China or Taiwan.
Probably nowhere, though, since money probably isn't going to just fall into my lap.
You too!

lmao yeah wanna throw me one?
It's cool.
Just go to bed!
Duh, nerd.
Had another good workout!
Now going to work than training and more gym time!
Where are my illegitimate childoctorn when I need them?
I want someone to take me out for lunch.
Wanna be the one you run to.
About to do my hair but don't know what style I want
hasn't been on here in awhile.
So many social sites, so little time!
Ha...
I know, so exciting!
RT 1 more exam  we r done
I'm a baseball fan as well
Having someone help you doesn't mean you failed.
Just means you're not alone.
Thanks!
It's been a fun day so far.
: i missed the American Music Awards yesthurday
Oatmeal and black tea3
Today is a wonderful day.
Do you have any real estate connections in the ATX?
I think prop taxes are forcing me to cut the cord :
you have to look at who's angry with the comments.
I'd be willing to bet most of the public agrees with Harbaugh.
totally agree!
My weakness sexy legs and a firm booty on a lady !!!!
I just PASSED my property management license exam!!!!
Woohooooooo!!!!!!!
FYI  Teaching Resource Center Workshop at Monroe Hall has been delayed until 10:30 due to the weather
Crave for a thing, you will get it.
Renounce the craving, the object will follow you by itself.
Swami Sivananda
So.
I'm going to try a different method of doing this thing.
Wow!
Keeps getting worse.
haha ice cube is the original gangster!!!
I'll lace up my black converse high tops!!!
;
shooter family devastated but apparently not responsible?
Police still investigating but says nada bout gun access
MT : Sad state of affairs that Jane Addams Hull House in Chicago closed today after 120yrs.
Provided social services to the poor
I don't want someone perfect in my life.I just want someone real.
hope you made your wish at 11:11
RT : Pop culture, popcorn, pop art, and even pop.
density  all good things.
Diggin your new name
Love.
Ive had an idea for an Italian one for a while now but I just thought of one that I think is the best idea Ive ever had!
panther!
panther!
panther!
Richard Siskey  Priority One is the ability to listen well and respond effectively with integrity.
Dont lie to the girl of your life for the hoe of the night.
Space Jam 2  Coming to theaters Christmas 2012
Real good practice tonight getting ready for fight
As you're wishing folks Happy Easter, remember that tonight is the beginning of Passover.
You can add Chag Sameach to your season's greetngs
I want to interview the late Jack LaLanne's wife, Elaine.
I want to see how many times I could make her say My name's Elaine Lalanne
When I was 18, I wanted to live in Chicago one day.
I still kinda do.
Their weather during half the year makes me add the kinda
ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing Saying SWAG after every sentence
But I'm just a girl what do I know?
I'm so there I love Memphis RT : Jacksonville, but she may move to Memphis early next year.
Stephen Hawking cheated.
Apparently his wife is so grateful that for once someone else had to listen to his dirty type tweetthejoke
So you should be my bf all day :D
New place.
New start.
It's time.
Still trying to figure out this Twitter thing.
Example: Who's the suck jerk that set the clock at work one hour ahead a week before daylight savings time?
Klinefelter: Library managers should negotiate with vendors to make sure patron privacy is protected
my little guy will be 8 in a few weeks
Did it!
In honor of whiskey Wednesday I mixed 1.5 oz whipper snapper spirit whiskey with 1 oz creme de banana.
Yum!
What to call it?
It's our favorite day of the week: WHAT THE FK WEDNESDAY at !!
just placed the for my BFF Jeff sign on my couch.
Go win your election.
I LOVE BEING OUTSIDE.
I remember thinking, the world would be better off without me Demi Lovato
i hate this weather it i snowing here my car is coverd with snow
Overheard on the Red Line: Is Thursday the new Friday?
I feel like a loser.
Polamalu was handed a phone by a doctor of his wife on the line and was fined 10,000.00...........i hate that dude goodell you should too!
Niedecker may have been awesome at condensing, but she never had to write an AWP panel proposal.
: Oh thank God.
I was freaking out since Stanley Fish basically said he was going to call me an idiot, in public
You guys r so cool!
: winterhawks game with and free hat night!
You had to guess I was coming with nonsense.
are some kind of awesome.
I'm doing well, I'm off for the next few days
hey do u have any plans for 2night?
yes.
Im mad af
JT: I think the Easter Bunny left this egg empty to remind us of Jesus' empty tomb.
i dont know all that entails..but im gonna go ahead and say HYFR
Merchnow ?
o: I'm pretty sure they ship all over.
ha, some PEOPLE complain about the limited CHARACTHERS you can use on TWITTER, well try typing in PORTUGUESE, you'll have a HARDER TIME.
lol
My experience is that many students are harder on themselves than I would ever be when they self assess.
Mayweather vs.
Pacquiao will it ever happen?
Boxing needs this fight.
The fight fans need it.
Mike Tyson fought all, Ali fought all
Haters gonna hate RT : Yup RT : you'll still never leave the dleague RT : I just met ...
The 10/20 game looks way softer than the 5/5 game tonight at O11.
Still, I think I'll just slum it in 2/3 until PLO opens.
The Militant is riding the ExpoLine at night, just to check out the vibe.
T.G.I.F.!
Happy FollowFriday everyone!
BOGO 50 off on select tops today!
We 3 their basic tees in bold colors!
: Junior Seau dead in suicide, source says.
Link to story to come.
My 3 daughters 9, 6,  almost 1 just got to watch their first 49er playoff game ever!
Can only imagine their faces at a live game!!
I peed myself at the thought of my last tweet.
all these politicians use millions upon millions of dollars to campaign and attack each other.
why not help the poor/hungry n homeless instd
Can't wait for the weekend
So if I make a Croque Madame with swiss instead of Gruyère roux, is it more of a Croque Travesti?
We hope you all have an amazing weekend wherever you are!
Any fun plans?
sneaks up behind you and flips your Kilt Woo Hoo!!!
Those were the exact words I was hoping to hear come from ur tenderly chapped lips
navigating the text by its discussion.
comments were presented in a TOC type list
Big reason Pacers are trailing: George Hill's inability to prevent penetration from perimeter.
andersoncooper getting all pissed off about kid with hiv denied admission.
This proves he's gay and infected.
i know something you'd love
New alerts today at www.southfloridaalerts.com
i feel the same way about people who claim to do
Thanks Melissa!!
I admit that I'm still amused by the fact that Slender Man is a random monster in Minecraft.
Adam, will be in Boston on May 25.
Where are you located in the city?
Would love to grab a coffee/tea if you're free.
: Never cut what you can untie.
Joseph Joubert
Tech Startups speaker?
RT : CypherWorx Founder/CEO is my brother Paul.
So proud.
I just don't like the idea that women are being presented with this test, but there are no next steps after they find out the results.
Ruben Galvan with San Diego 6 is down this morning promoting the Fiesta Old Town Cinco de Mayo event.
Check it out now!
please enable the new chat /3
In The Mood To Watch Some Steven Seagal Movies...Out For Justice...Hard
Eating!
The.
Bros game..
Need new albums on my sound deck...
suggestions welcome!
looks like we are gonna give everyone more time to plan, it's gonna be in May after graduation.
Everything is booked for SB
mla12 442 Jay Clayton presenting on 1st yr writing course using gaming, digital media
Man, I haven't heard one in so long...I figured they had all migrated south
RT : GOIN TO WORK!
TOMORROW HOPEFULLY I'LL HAVE TWO MORE JOBS!
PRAY FOR ME!
NORDSTROMS AND THE AIRPORT POW it aint easy ma.
so happy I found you here.
:
we're trying to get over to see yall crazy cats so very soon.
hope everything is well across the pond.
thanks for the support!
Sunlight is said to be the best of disinfectants.
This, of course, was before Purell, mister Brandeis.
Can't even blame you, I mean you was only worth but soo much.
Hope you guys have an awesome weekend relaxing!!
can everyone do me a huge favor??
Your mother is so cute!
was a great sport as we came off field pregame tonight, posed for pictures and was chatty.
Disfruta San Diego
There is no old Austin or new Austin..
Austin is still the same person.
He's still the same kid we fell in love with.
He just grew up.
Yeah, people usually say they don't care about something when they care too much.
We hear the power's going out in some places.
If you don't have electricity, let us know by not replying to this tweet!
;
any company is good company for getting on the water, enjoy
...headed back to Atlanta..:
My daughter wil be 21 in one hour!
I am very proud of her.
She is the most fun loving and beautiful person I know!
Happy Bday
Back is killen me right now well Ima take a nice hot shower and k.o
Thanks Roxy : spread the word!
I really wanted to watch wrestlemania but got back late from lacrosse game just in time to catch breakoutkings It rocked
uncharted 3 is pretty amazing
I feel like I could sleep for days
In the car with Juan make Baabby Maria n 3
Stick a fork in 94.7 The Wave: it is done.
OH HEY NOW THAT I GOT UE ATTENTION GO FOLLOW KAY:
yes we need our own and we will b good
Amish outlaws 4pm towson town festival???
White boy swag
In person or on ESPN, I always enjoy the opportunity to listen to professor Selig speak about the state of the game.
I think some of Rogue's other ales have fuller flavor.
This one just didn't do it for me.
Not that it's bad, mind you.
;
Watching 'Raging Bull' Robert DeNiro is such a fcking badass.
Okay, go ahead be shady like that..
How Arizona tried to make it illegal to say mean things online
Big shout out to for joining this week and doing so with so much passion and purpose!

I'm bout to start taking my self out.
All dudes wanna do is smoke  sit in the house ...
boring.
There's one on the Brighton campus too.
And one of Sylvia Crawley as well.
wow that sounds fun
Had it with Xcode.
It just doesn't measure up to Visual Studio.
Going back to TextMate and makefiles.
yes i do : yea so is ours....President Obama has been here 34 times in 3 years.
for Vacation at least
Weekend special!
Come to AZ Mills in your HALLOWEEN best, we will give you 50 off your insert with purchase of a cover!

With jkuglin at JoplinSchools talking about twitter and
I feel so much better :
Oh, I stopped wearing these shoes because the soles have turned to slicks.
Japanese Quince by Seda France candle co  heaven :
The smell of sunscreen is my favorite.
Blacks are just supposed to clean up messes made by rich white people.
But hell, that's what Obama's doing, right?
.
says the chants he created were chanted during Lebron's return to Cleveland and heard on the TV broadcast
man the Mariners load the bases and still couldn't score anybody..
Question: Will the winner of the 4team playoff be the NCAA champ?
Or will the title remain mythical?
Cus if the latter, then it's for nada.
People complaining waiting for the El doors to open, sees conductor leave, opens all doors for everyone.
Someone hire this guy
Gillaspie whiffs to give Greinke 3 Ks in a row, at least Conor went down swinging, though
time to start trimming back the nosehairs
rn imo.
unless you lost my  rip

holy cow, who messed with your lug nuts?
selling on price is not selling on value.
Why is that so hard to understand?
I just had a really nice Americano at Intelli Broadway.
I thought I was never good enough for you.
It turns out you weren't good enough for me.
Eric Cantor is not pleased.
Just woke up....
doctorams have been crazy lately.
hahahah wah not bad!
yeah he deserves that.
Wat I won't give for all da bad memories ta disappear...
wow, when a person you recommended decides to quit with less than 5 days notice, it kinda sucks.
RT : Gonna be a lot of embarrassed media types when Mitt rejects Portman  picks Allen West.
Looking at you
Glad to finally see play tennis today at districts.
The kid has game.
Working on the transition of the UNLVMuseum  we're renovating, changing our mission, and creating participatory experiences.
If you keep being an asshole, I will continue to be a bitch.
When we first spoke I was telling you don't worry, its only another year and a half, you'll survive.
it's not working babes x
Wow, D Rose.
only on the weekends!
OH: It's beautiful!
And if you want to go to the big city, Ocala is just 20 minutes up the highway!
chose Germany!
It's only 1hour away from holland.
3
making me jealous cause you at kings dominion.
She is being such a brat
Looking for writers/lyricists willing to collaborate for choral compositions
: One of the PRETTIEST people I follow is  that's so sweet :
Bout to go out again
If you seen the site you'll see you can play the hunt from home soon!
Lmfao!
I'm sure you don't.
: But next time, tell me hi.
Ask five economists and you'll get five diverse answers  six if one went to Harvard.
'Real House Wives of Disney.' Lindsay Lohan  Guilty Pleasure :3 Thanks
u watch mnr how was it ?
A week of being on the east coast and I'm still on west coast time
I rather kno then not kno at all!
Come in and celebrate the new year!
I'm fucking scared to sleep
watching nba
All of those choices on the poll of where austin's next concert should be doesn't help me.
DO ANOTHER CONCERT IN FL.
1st writing sprint of many this weekend  the top of the hr for 60 min.
Who's w/ me?
card got denied at the store...naturally I used my last 3 dollars cash to buy a scratch off won 20 ....I guess sometimes luck is on my side
Anybody can say love you to anyone, so please add the I when you say love you to me, it means so much more
Congress has basically done nothing this year.
Greetings on the Sunday of the misteryhBearing Women!
Wow!
A great tdf this year, thanks to everyone for enduring my tweets and enjoying the race with me!
Nice to make new friends, time 2 ride!
It's ON.
RT : Now.
Let's do some BIDNESS.
I'm only knowledgable about Cereal and Colorado, according to klout.
Yes, we def need you to do what you you!: we're trying to make this viral!
Thanks we'll love u forever
happy Birthday
TEDxumn loving it today.
Great job everyone especially Volunteers  Presenters.
Had other things to do but glad I came.
Cool dance too!
I understand the single mom side of it...
My question is..
what kind of research do you do?
Nothin feels beta than gettin what u want...except maybe gettin what u wanted n more
marketing ideas for small business
Holiday Help is available www.SendaCake.com and www.PatricksCatering.com Mention this tweet for additional savings...
I'm livid.
And the thing I wanted to happen even happened.
But this other arc?
Honestly, just a slap in the face.
I LOVE YOU!
3333333333333
2nite on cn2 Sports: Former UofL star Ellis Myles join us to talk about his redhot Louisville Magic AAU team.
630  1030  On Demand Ch103
Rock on Nadia!!!
The love that I have for the scent of fresh coffee grounds in the morning is incredibly unhealthy.
how would you feel if they added Trent Richardson, KWright, and Alshon Jeffery in doctorft?
It's possible with 4,22,37.
Rock off!
Thanks for the mention, as always.
; xox
S/O to my life
As a reader..I want to open something and feel it just blast the bullshit and numbness off of my life.
Alexander Chee
Making some cash is cool and all but how bout you go get an education and see what real money looks like.
Derrick Rose is the most INTERESTING MAN in the world without a Dos XX.
Maxed out the guestlist!!
Hell yeah!!
Long hair and a warm beach...
2 things I desperately want but cannot have right now :
y hombre no pagan de 9 a 19 pm...
margaritas a  1 dollar.
Just walked into oaks for free
Thanks for coming by Stephan...which torta was your favorite?
soo I'm stuck on 12..
Your eyes are blue like the ocean, baby im lost out at sea, did the sun just come out, or did ya smile at me?
:
I don't want to work 2day :
or on Sunday?
Last time they met won week 13 meeting 3835
Wow, my Clips are really tanking this one.
I guess the good news is it can't get any worse?
4 games in 17 days, really????
I'm not Cyberbullying you.
You said Dudley is hot, I thought it was funny, so I told u so.
No need to get all doctormatic.
Chocolat in Hillcrest for brunch today was a classic example of we don't give a shit service.
Food was okay.
Every other part sucked.
waiting for Chris Paul to take over this game
Honestly, I Didn't Ask Her to Follow Me, I Guess I Was Just Lucky.
Miranda is So Sweet, I'm Still SO Thankful She Follows Me.
happy Friday backatcha!
Majority of Americans feel gay marriage should be legal.
65 of Dems  57 of independants.
GOP's still living in the1950's
what do you think ok texans signing home town boy Chase kenum
Not Brooks Conrad
Kinda cute!
I like the doctorwstring.
What would you be wearing it with?
Yayo is responsible for like 5 of the top 7 worst rap lines.
Great job on the Wix sites!
I love your tweets
Nice!
Tell Wendy, Michelle, Missy and Susie I said hello!
Of course!
She slept the whole first day at her forever home.
She fits in with our other dogs like she's been here forever!
Hello J'aime, Many thanks for following me on Twitter.
maybe im still on the bus
holding the buffalo chicken
dude...
Tonight made the brackets uuugleee
KYDerby138 derbyonnbc What was ur take on TV coverage?
I noticed smaller graphics, horse legs more visible in post parade.
I want to meet someday.
This dude is my hero for sure.
YAY!
My husband is so excited about the Austin F1 race.
Thanks for posting.
ROOM4 MORE in HMCCT Hey Did U C SignedUp4 HelloMornings We've got a God Group Started!
LuvIt!
:
Just went to see Bully at the doctorxel.
It was a great movie that everyone should see.
Please take your kids.
We need to change this now!
James and the Giant Vagina
When Holland and Belgium split the belgians got all the good cooks and brewers, the dutch got all the orange dye.
RT : It is amazing how much you can accomplish when it doesnt matter who gets the credit.
Yates
awesome Taryn welcome to the run.
Your right it's gonna be a blast.
Give a shout out to your team?
lady at the doctorve thru definitely just spilled lemonade in my car...
Would I be wrong for whooping her ass for giggling when saying sorry?
Georgetown won?
Hoy tengo cirujia de muelas.
Let's go Pacers this is a big game 1 gotta win it.
Rain?
Maybe I should stay in Madison.
Well I cant sleep so im watching the VMAs..
:/
gottadmit I don't get it.
are you coming home?
Photoshoot with went really well, now working on some new songs for the rest of the night!
A great gesture on his part Considering i failed twice lately by bringing back fast food without offering him
Today in 96, the US Senate approved a resolution declaring the state of Kentucky as the Basketball Capitol of the World.
in school and got one class left....yay!!!!
bye.
No reason to live slash ever visit NYC again
I hear ya sister!
I've done it to all my cuts.
What's your color?
That just made my day.
Oh my gosh !
High School showcase volleyball tournament this weekend at the RVA Convention Center.
Boys/Girls HS teams will be there.
How about you?
Theyre working on it haha.
give them time
Thanks for all the followers!
Our goal is to get to our first 500.
Know someone that loves museums and technology?
Get them to follow us!
: Thanks for keeping Canada pink !
Giro weightofanation Looking like a lock for Cdn Olympic team Sveinwho?
thanks jeff!
If only.
I ate it all myself and while I'm currently regretting this decision, I would do it again in a heartbeat.
ESPN to look  Marvin Harrison issueread more herewww.USSportspages.com
Agreed!
It is different learning than in rural areas  all awesome!
A night where all the rangers lose!!!!!!
haha idk how i was able to send that msg perfectly but it took me a while to put the password in my phone.
Wall Street Journal confirms the Verizon iPhone announcement on Tuesday.
I'm buying iPhones for the whole family!!!!
Woo hoo!
Charged and ready for another day.
Phone
Poll for divorced parents from a familylawattorney: How long was your marriage and what caused the split?
DM if you prefer.
If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun
not much just chilling
ha ha ha ha...
dirty, but awesome!
PSandersto40K !: follow him
Panoramic cameras are democratic as they do not have a dominant perspective  Kenderdine
God Of War 4 Might Be Announced Tomorrow The inevitable fourth installment in the God of War series might be announced on Thursday.
Sony
Ethier has improved his temper issues this year but getting tossed over arguing balls and strikes when Kemp is already out
did you get your request in?!
Thank you!
RT : Congratulations to STL United Way for a successful campaign.
Many people will be helped.
Perfect night for the batting cages.
See ya.
Good luck at the ABOY2012 awards.
Go Fayetteville!!
monkey bars over fire!!!
yea sistah girl.
I'm ready to get dowwn with my bad self!
1 RT : Not doing much to change weak schedule reputation...
RT UW AD Alvarez on ND I'd like to have them scheduled.
winding down the year here at Nowhere.
thanks everyone for a decent go of 2009.
especially the bands!
FF to the students who studied with us this week!
How about Chris Capuano?
Anyone notice the rain outside?
Stop tweeting so much
nothing like a pot lid literally exploding in your hand to put things in perspective
Miller Park
We Go In One Direction 3
Just landed in music city.
:D
i literally might have a B right now...
smh
A gentleman ALWAYS buttons his coat when he stands and unbuttons it when seated.
Normal people are addicted to doctorgs and alcohol..
i'm addicted to Twitter and Austin.
I have flown to Islip then taken the train.
But there was no shuttle to train so I took a cab.
It's not too bad.
if it has frosting go for it...but don't eat the whole thing!
Hello Monday.
We are dominating you and doctornkign later.
maybe CNU haha xD then again, Jinyoung might look cute in a doctorss
I produced ur Merrill Lynch radio, voted ur band 4 a Grammy.
Got banjo out now...Love ur music!
Now live in ABQ.
Best!
yes, it's true.
the amazing created a StyleTil.es inspired boardin ai format.
hit her up if interested.
in the ai fileperv.
I would totally streak the SOTU if they wouldn't put me away for life afterwards.
Anyone who attended tonights show in Panama City please post pics!!
It was a great night thanks to all!
Until tomorrow
What did the media do with Meg Whitman's 140 million, let's hope they used it to create some jobs.
Lord of the Rings Trilogy on Blu Ray should be an essential part of any movie collection.
It looks gorgeous in 1080p
sign me do u want to go steady?
Hit me back
Live and in tweet: and
You are so welcome!!
I can't believe it, she is a grown dog now and sweet as ever!!
It makes me so happy :
Elementry school   Yall hug yet ?
Middle school  Yall kiss yet ?
High school  Yall fuck yet ?
Bonèt just out of the oven.
This dessert always reminds me of my years in Piemonte.
: I also wish people wore beige or white underwear with their white pants.
disturbed
But think of the awesome workout we're all getting.
We have a long way to go to get babyboomers into the 21st century!
Doing everything we can to put more Audis on the road ;
happy birthday, doll.
Enjoy your special day.
talk with you is like ....
pure tranquility......
:3

Just like the clouds, my eyes will do the same; if you walk away, everyday it will rain.3
Supe spotted lovely nugget in HubbardCo sheriff dispatch rept: NEVIS TWP: 14 YR OLD DAUGHTER, WILL NOT GET OUT OF BED TO GO TO SCHOOL.
I pops open a window but there aren't any direct messages in there and I know I have a history of them.
We know it's cold out there but if you're in the neighborhood, stop by for some warm comfort food!
RT Imagine you were flowing with energy and confidence, free of doubt and fear.
Shawn Phillips.
Wanna see avengers
Thank you for mention!
Geordie Shore
Every person who has ever emailed me is synced to my iPhone contacts.
This is crazy!
it killed me.
i so wanted it to be good.
i almost walked out
the more I see the Avengers trailer the more I can't wait to watch it!
John you are awesome.
thanks for the mention!
Fame vs.
infamy.
Which would you prefer?
Twit twit!
Busting headies in the stu
They said that well never make it.
Okay I'm not listening.
Thats more motivation
That was suppose to be RT not Rat :
Aaahahahah gosh I'll miss y'all
Feeding my country side and going to see Brantley Gilbert tonight!
Oh, some other guy named Eric Church will be there too...
thanks for the RT, Hannah!
hey u u never called or texted back : sad face
Ima be faithful and hold my bae down
To conquer oneself is the best and noblest victory; to be vanquished by one's own nature is the worst and most ignoble defeat.
Plato
the convo wed, you working out.
Thurs night my mom had to be rush to the hosp doctors found blockage and a blood clot..
Im a little late but Pau Kobe and Sessions did work son
I swear!
Sometimes u just can't take people serious so instead I'm goin to take them for what they present themselves to be
your little girl is adorable.
She looks like you.
Aww thank u!
RT : I am hoping you and all the other mom's have a great day.
Some deserve it more than others.
Hey Paula how have u been ?
Hiddenhouse tonight!!!
and I will be doctorpping hot fire all night!!!!
that is a good one lol RT : Go out to eat with the fam RT : what else shall i do for my 19th birthday?
Have a wonderful birthday you derserve it ; much love 3
.
makes sense.
how many mentees move into a sponsorship spot?
how often?
: Hate Mondays.
Annoy Tuesday.
Ignore Wednesday.
Smile Thursday.
Enjoy Friday.
Love Saturday.
Damn Sunday.
is actively involved making things happen in grant seeking and community fundoctorising
I can't.
I'll end up sleeping the whole day.
Lol
sure bro
: were Hannah  Hope nice to meet you too!!!!
Some editors are failed writers, but so are most writers.
T.
S.
Eliot
: I hate twitter on Fridays.
Twitter hates u on fridays ;
any of my followers have a old Ipod they wanna sell...
I want a 32GB or higher idc how old it as long as it works
ill send to u now...
Wanna chat on FB?
RT : pda2011  Applying principles of agile software to digital archiving: Saving everything does devalue the precious thing
Packers win it!!
woot!!
Rise N Grind
: thanks i will add ur tweet to the video !!

Jill, yes I was hacked.
Notifying twitter about it right now.
Things will never be perfect
Top down, windows...down.
Note: Don't smell a banana chip.
i'm really seriously tempted to just toss them and worry about it later.
RT Passing your D.A.R.E test was a big deal.
When your body snaps, crackles and pops!!
It may be time to retire from playing basketball!!
lovethis to much to stop!
Taking a mood out on a little dog is unacceptable
A handzinger??
Your verbage is scary, like you know what you're talking about RT I offered John Travolta a handzinger, he said no
For the latest on the secret service allegations watch Cummings with in a few minutes on 8:00 AM EST
Ran into at this morning.
Great impromptu social media chat.
thanks HNY to u as well.
damn i love her to and if that makes me gay i'llsuck a BIG UN
It's official , Torn ACL for Derrick Rose out for the postseason .
All subject matter experts, too MT  use Twitter to...
says  provide context.
Use realtime data to tell stories
ok so it was suppose to say good day : stupid phones sometime
Santa can't use coal...outlawed by the EPA.
North pole now superfund site.
Looking for golf courses/resorts in U.S.
and Canada interested in becoming Prosets dealers.
We supply the clubs and software.
Toasting the memory of doctor Arra Garab, Yeats scholar and truly insightful cat.
Sorry to learn of his passing.
Cheers.
I love my mahomie followers!!
They always make my day 3
omfg u guys i cant
good choice he is my 2nd fav.
But I love niall :
One extra Sounders ticket for the match tonight, anyone interested?
Store Run
Hey could yall help My Home gurl she needs some more followers thx
Be aware that recourse factoring companies make your company liable to pay for any AR invoices that are not entirely paid in full.
where?
what do u mean?
:
If there is a way, could you, please, buy one for me too and I'll pay you!
Lesson learned: Accountability...Always Be Accountable.
You have some serious S.W.A.G!
FOLLOW ME!3
I know if you were still in LasVegas, you'd be there right alongside!
are you serious bro ?
CLIPPERS STILL HAVE LIFE.
so freaking true!
Soo lucky to wake up with my baby and my Honey...3
Oddly scattered.
Anyone up for a 60m work sprint, starting at quarter past the hour?
Thank goodness Joe Biden didn't say he favored unilateral nuclear disarmament
Todays Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are butternut squash and white bean.
Sugar free lemonade is pineapple coriander.
Headed to the VMAs with a few of the people who are going to be presenting tonight!
Get ready for a great show!:
I did'nt get much sleep...
I think I'll take a nap in a little bit...
When you don't have to remind people about things they said they would do for you.
Let's you know they were thinking about you.
Id do anything to be happy again :
muemtech breaking news!
meeting tomorrow for MO student ch of ASIST!
1:00 pm in Allan Institute conference room.
all r welcome.
good luck ;
Who's in Vegas?
Inspired by the digitalhistory workshops at AHA2012 but needing twice as many hours in the day to put ideas into action!
Uhoh...tomorrow's not a rant day, is it?
spent the afternoon printing a miniature linocut of a pair of scissors
I gotcha, dm yo email and ill put you in the queue
Expectations are achievable goals you set for yourself.
It's about the process, not the result.
Functional process  desired results.
13 minutes and less than 8,000 to go to reach 1.5 million.
Let's go giveBIGGERS, make this happen!
and i told you to be kind
Puleeez, what love handle's??
Lose the team is tricky because there are very few players who have been ON the team more than 1 season
Today is Friday.
I can tell because the Education Department is running in circles getting ready for tomorrow's Hindenburg program!
lol.
These characters unfortunately do much more than that.
where you at
can i just marry zac efron?
please?
Working on final master of the first single from the upcoming release of Jericho!
The New Dawn is almost here!!!
Kindle Fire looks great.
Does there really need to be 6 different types of Kindles though?
Getting ready for 's release party!
Who's going?
:
After school its shoveling time!
Twitter won't let me change my icon!!!!
CURSES!
Am I crazy or does it seem like Twitter and Instagram are used more than Facebook now?
Archiving is hard!
Let's go shopping!
Finally figured out how to send compressed data from the client to the server via AJAX.
Of course , im coming over !
There are no exceptions to the concept of grace.
ALL of us don't deserve it, but God gives it freely...that's the beauty of it.
OH dear...
looks like it connected it backwards.
Oh well.
I guess I figured that one out.
I know!
Like I'd ever go to the yellow rose :
lol it's cute.
And when?
Lady Gaga deemed too racy for Indonesia, denied permit to perform
I wish iPhone screens went more dim than they do
I do.
What can I say?
His excellent staff swept me away.
In a hurry for it?
doctor your laundoctor and stop giving ppl.
this BULL like it's hospitable, and invest in some white towels too, I can't even see if this is clean
Who has listened to Justin Bieber 's new single?
Thoughts?
Official done with Winter Quarter.
Of; that was a rough one.
the betamax version was out 4 months ago!
Doppleganger Dirge has us lost in Boston.
Awesome!
can't believe how busy school has been keeping me.
I haven't been on twitter in forever
how about utilizing tebow as a running back..
we could use one of those
Well their CEO did say We believe that BlackBerry cannot be a success
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
ILL BRING A CAMERA!!!!
happy mothers day dudes.
I was mad the hangoutlineup wasn't up yet I said I wasn't going to go.
Now that I've seen it  really really wanna go!
: is not impressed by those...
The style of the Daily News Learjet blows everything else away!
The only thing a guy should want to change out a girl is her last name.3
I just wanted a few minutes to talk...
And i didnt even get a goodnight..
Today officially just fucking sucked
right ..with rhinestones .
I'm wondering if that song played was an actual song they coming out with ;P
Omg they're finally about to race.
Being the way that you are is enough 
Go home : You probably got wet when I went to your house.
feel better :
I get A1 Everything....
: WomenBuild Volunteers NEEDED!
How did I just now see Hancock?
That was actually pretty fun.
upgrading sound gear soon.
after TCIE is over though.
then i can really use it
Do you get an error message?
Does the Camistercorder.exe process close down completely from task manager?
Going swimming..
:
fanny pak, you need to go, you had your chance
meh.
Their loss.
Also: they make midafternoon espn programming appointment television.
Think of that what you will.
OMG y'all stay up late lol
RT : Nobody makes a greater mistake than he who does nothing because he only can do little.
Edmund Burke
Startin Fresh On Da Twitter Game.
Chillin, Recorded 2 New Trackz With and Working On One With Plus Da 2 Solos
I'm still out people ...
What can I get into hit me up
Blewett is the only one I know something about.
One is a Coggs and I've been paying some attention to Chevy Johnson on Twitter.
it should work fine, the full tracks are on there.
It's probably the Berks connection
i'm kinda i feel ya right now you keep me standin tight now the feelin gettin strong now it's gettin hard to fight now
of course I do.
I'm really doctorading my walk home in the cold rain today.
Not cool, universe.
Sorry!
We'll put in a work order right now.
RIP Davy Jones
the fat red fox jumped under the boring dog.
Hmm thats interesting.
I'll have to try it next time they have it.
you did...oh well.
No loss there
Why am I trying so hard with people?
I'm done with it.
If they wanna talk to me, they'll make an effort.
I'm busy enough.
really?
i'd love to see you if you have time!
yes, you have old one :
If we are habitually harsh  critical toward ourselves, learning 2B gentle w/ ourselves may require dedicated effort.Melody Beattie
Girl I love, girl I love you
who watches the watchers?
; Answer: have three sensors, believe two if one disagrees/fails, then replace it quickly!
Good morning everyone follow me and I will def follow u rite :
It is not about supporting IE, so much as IE supporting the HTML5 features we rely on.
IE10 is the only ver that does.
When you discover a song and have to question yourself on how you got through life without it for so long.
While I would love to agree, Cat Power is the new Natalie Merchant, and CP is as obscure as Vampire Weekend.
you are the best
in such a good mood : god is great
right, response to rumors.
No chance
Amazing dinner at Oyamel with and , so great to see good friends!
Need a small biz coach?
Follow who is able to provide a variety of services for your small biz!
im falling asleep in math Kelsey xoxo
There is a devil in every berry of the grape.
CONGRATS CLIF...Happy for your guys!!
thanks for following back!!
Facebook/Twitter usage goes up exponentially when I have important work to get done
4 canals, I ain't scared, bring it on molar!?!
nerd LOL
whatever works for you..
:p
FAVORITE NEW MALE VOCALIST  FAVORITE NEW DUO OR BAND  FAVORITE NEW FEMALE VOCALIST 
woman make terrible choices in men.
I've had more than one female friend cry on my shoulder over a man.
Hmm
Someone give Kobe theraflu, no west!
Wake Up!!!
Mundane Mondays, Tipsy Tuesdays, Whacky Wednesdays, THIRSTY THURSDYAS, Faded Fridays, Sketchy Saturdays, Fun Day Sunday
bgc talk bigred has a nappy weave, i think she's trying to pull food outta of her head nasty.
Did she wash her hair ever?
Right now, our own is exploring the beloved city of Branson!
Grieves, when are you hitting up a show in LA next?
;
....who wants to go to MINK with me tomorrow night!??....
Thanks for being such great fans!
Much love to all of you!
;
welovegreyson because he gives the best hugs3 you can really feel the love!!:
Today at 4 p.m.: Nonviolence trainer/International educator Arthur Romano will speak at Harrison Auditorium!
good luck sir!!!
I'll be watching.......
tigers sorry I like 9 innings not 3.
;
i wonder if and are in love yet..
prob
I am going to growsomeballs at sxsw.
They are going to be massive.
Damn right!
LAX is going off!!!!
My glasses just broke 
Love linkorama, but would be more user friendly if new tab opened when link is clicked.
: That basket is heaven sent lol RT Omw to For KaraokeTuesday Great Day For it!
SeafoodBasketTimeFOOL
Gutwrenching.
:RT : Kimmo Timonen: Personally, I'm running out of time, to be honest.
I really thought this was our chance.
Meeting with a SharePoint Developer on Monday for projects in the Milwaukee or Madison areas!
If you have any projects or are struggling w
opensource challenge!
RT : Marshall: vendors provide better libraryfacing APIs than open source currently
Shoutout to my girl since forever happy birthday !!!
Hope you have an amazing day sister.
See you soon :
did photoshoot thang in DUMBO It was a bunch of brides and grooms trying to frame their perfect world allthebest!
Haha, Thanks man.
It's come to the point where I can't watch a major sporting event  or any game, for that matter  without being on Twitter.
I need a smoke break...
from life
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:20
This guy just said that Dirty Bourbon was classy.
What is going on???
Casa Escencia is classy.
dirty bourbon!!
Also, they absolutely need to rebook you.
Don't leave until they do.
Michael Vick struggles with accuracy...55 for his career but winners find a way to win.
What a nice Sunday night..
Quite and the Blazers are winning...
ugh hump day blues, probably because I haven't eaten SweetGreen yet this week.
I don't even care
Just got a shot in the bum.
Momma always said belly rubbing would lead to trouble
Pizza  everything else
I once was educated and it has taken ne years to get over it.
I envy him seeing Sade in concert.
A def doctoram of mine.
doctorve to the nearest highway.
start with ultraviolet.
maximum volume, maximum speed.
one of the best doctorving experiences.
Getting Siri today!
I can't wait to meet her!
Did you know that the longest word in the world is 189,819 letters?
also glad to see someone reissue Jazz Raga paid some  for an original years ago...another great one!
Stopping at Starbucks on the way to school :
got my graduation doctorss : love itt 3 once again dance was canceledd.!!
noww im home alone so tlk to me !
haha
SONG THAT'S STUCK IN YOUR HEAD RIGHT NOW...GO!
:D
If its going to be this cold in the city tomorrow I will continue being a lazy upstate polar bear.
I like spring NYC not chilly
Rickie Fowler...
proof the perfect swing means nothing
Japan warns of N.
Korea rocket shootdown
Good luck!
He is certainly among the leading contenders and must be taken seriously.
Need help?
Satan Has Left the Earth
Finally seeing The Avengers with !!!
So excited!!!
thanks!!!
hit up the tracks at myspace.com/kkal21
Great speakers talking about leadership developmentMark Greene, Connell Gallagher, Naomi Nelson
Well, you can just come out for doctornks and then go home for sleeping postmovie?
I'd be so thrilled to see you.
much love to ya!
He chose to love me, when I felt unlovable.
The walking dead?
Just took like 5 teaspoons of two different cold medicines.
Things bout to get cuhrazy up in here
omg i love her shes amazing 3 :
is really
WOW!!!
ZUZU Groupon They are selling FAST!
Best Hurry and get one now.
1/3 already sold in 1 hour www.groupon.com
get ready for from should be a good
hey...you wanna follow me?
i'll give you a dollar c;
What's up twitter nation I'm back, been awhile someone hit me up
RT plz!: Make sure to get out  follow which is the new name for they had to change their name.
Same gr8 food!
So im making a tumblr and i have no idea what my url should be ...
?
400 miles from HOuston to go to church.
My wife is something else.
We weren't able to rise and shine this morning but for a fresh burst of energy, we're spending our LB doing yoga!
you think it's naive to think that there's no correlation between religious views and voting habits???
thank you glad to have you on the list,coming from an ex major pro athlete I consider that a huge compliment absolutely huge!
maybe you will have to do price is right style...closest without going over!
A little under the weather 2day  sinus infection  but thankful that I can work some from home  not lose the whole day.
Only you know how I feel....and I dont know if I like that....
A4.
Pro Bowl here in South FL was fantastic...for 30 minutes.
Boring, noncompetitive.
Annuncio was shot in 60fps and looked like a home movie till we took it down to 24.
Your mind is programmed to 24fps
Yeah, it is pretty damn good!
Skipping lunch is no bueno.
Now it's 4:30...
too late for lunch, too early for dinner.
follow for the latest neuroscience  consciousness, metaphysics  mind, math 
kanoe goes through her friend requests and accepts the ugliest one!
AAM2011 Online fever session: JHU group projectsTools: Skype, online chats, webinars, fb, blackboard, online virtual cafe
Line for the men's bathroom
I honestly wouldn't know what to do with my days without workouts, Netflix, and naps.
I'd probably just sit and stare at walls.
Thanks for posting Caitlin!
You're the best!
I hate when Naj subtweets me back.
let me have my moment nigga.
Hey Twitterverse!
Do you have any great events coming up in June?
Let us know for our weekly Top 10 Picks brochure!
was that doctoropy dog that just called?
It does not matter how many times you get knocked down, but how many times you get up.
Vince Lombardi
it is he's really funny an thank you.
You are too :
no effing way???
Im jus a nigga wit money everyday
Payday jigga.
And I got a big bonus today 
That's what you get for being in SACS...
lol JK I LOVE YOU AMANDA GOD LUCK
Whn do u stop wrestling whn u fite, hit a nig wit a 2 piece da other day, n he latched on 2 my nec like da lines on a piece a paper.
New timeline design today!
The temple of our purest thoughts is silence.
hahah you pooped in the refrigerator?
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer...
So true...
We can't allow this antiunion bill in WI to pass.
Call 4299863 and ask your union representatives to send support from TLU767.
Making animal hoods for kids/babies.
I think I'm doing a cat, an owl, a dino/lizard...what else should I do?
Today is considered Freedom Sunday for victims of human trafficking.
Pray for the girls that have been enslaved in this industry.
RACC chose two Farooq's for final round for Portland Public Art...sweet
wrestling practice 
worried about a webinar when the hosts leave the phone on while trying to figure out what to do and hear a lot of hello hello
Thanks for the compliment!
RT : This has been the most pleasant layover I've had.
Thanks for being awesome.
occupywallstreet in over 840 cities  somehow this is unorganized  yet another blind corporate eye
So, new job I hear?
Tell me more.
Tell me more...
Evolution is fact  completely conflicts with Creationism
finally watched.
Thought Bruce and the band sounded awesome.
Bruce looks totally energized by this new stuff!
Happy Wino Wed!
Great wine tasting all dayDistrict Tshirts only 15, and NEW food items on the menu for week.
Enjoy.
DJ Malik all day
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Robert Louis Stevenson RT
hm this ice cream is about to hit the SPOT
Talk that talk ...
Friend: Didnt we have pink eye together?
Rube: When was your butthole on my eyebrow?
yes yes you already know
yes sir.
rio wraps correct?
THAT is a gorgeous cover, Katherine!
Can't wait to read it.
Are you going to be NYC in Jan?
I was wrong.
I need another week for my music video.
its ok: hahaa
middleschoolmemories is trending again, god I loved that time in my life!
hey what was the result?
Just left the studio with filming him doctorp flame.
Peep Cigar Music from the highly anticipated INFLUENCE AND AFLUENCE II
Someday I will have money to buy all 30 books on my Powell's wishlist, though there are 60 more waiting to be read at home.
Out of control!
Benchmark interest rates spiked yesterday afternoon following the Senate's passage of the tax cut extension bill.
Tonite doors  6pm Phone Calls from Home, Rookie of the Year, Samantha Darnell, Men of Leisure and 4th Quarter Comeback at Canal Club
Congrats to and for winning the EWR12 Kitchen challenge!
An old school poster I have of ripped the other day : just now taking it down..
Sad panda.
I'm annoying tf out of my little sister.
lmao
Where will you be when the ball doctorps?
haha oh wow
Christi tag my name next time babe;
My last name sounds like a sneeze...
I can get 34 feet from her.
Have a super zoom camera that helps.
When I am there she often takes off  I can go right up to nest
is just jealous of my skizzilllls.
BREAKING: MEXICO CITY  A strong earthquake has been felt in Mexico City.
Otha than the lil girl thats always got some to say, but ion go with him no more , so i really didnt care
Maybe if thye'd put pix of Missing Childoctorn on the sidebar of Twitter  Facebook kids'd b found alot sooner!
Please Retweet until they do!
hi!
tnx to google tranlator i can now understand you
yeah, I'll see what I can do
RT : wrt 'awesomeness', oh pls  not my words.
Like the messagegreat products, created by people who love what they do.
: My catcher knows me better than I know myself!
BaseballBros pitcherswag
Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card teams that need to win immediately no excuses.
Step up!!!
Hope it's great!
:
Happy Founders Day, AΞΔ!
hey can you follow back :
Where can I donate old prescription glasses?
I know I've seen bins, I just don't remember where!
My friend beat me in hold'em last night  I didn't have enough money to cover the bet.
I had 2 pair I though I couldn't lose.
He had 4 3's
Since BP has never taken a DT 1st, that means OTmost likely.
If we look to a dif pos where do you think we look?
Lift your head High and say to the world halaluya Im alive and i'm going to explore this great spinning ball at the edge of our galaxy!!
Merry Christmas and happy holidays!
:
if you in dallas ride to tha nawf and fuck with me rolls royce going down callin all performers
I just wanna hold you close, but so far all I have are doctorams of you 3
Going to Italy and Ireland this year to find me a husband.
Oh, you think I'm kidding?
CF1 is having some fitness blogger thing going on there.
My instagram feed is full of air squats bloggers in gear.
stop making my phone go off 
what cough syrup?
You don't even care....
Cool stat RT ELIAS: last teenager to steal home was 19yearold Ed Kirkpatrick of the Angels on May 5, 1964 at KC.
Regret nothing.
lol.
Glad to know that you're easy to please.
:
Finna get otp wit my baee
do you think i have a chance next year?
i poop my pants 2 times a day.
is that talent?
mdsession12 what are the ideas you have to raise the money to do what you think needs to be done?
If you use instagram follow Muni Kids at the user names: munikidsclothing and munimax
Hey, great talk yesterday!
Would love to hear more about your project at some point.
Just Woke Up!
Welp Guess I'll Jump On Some 2k
Glamour squad: hair, makeup, wardoctorbe....enhance my beauty please
Relaxing day listening to good tunes
If the Bucks beat the Bobcats opening day and beat NOLA in February we'd be tied for 8th right now.
I think there are some programming problems with google's wonder wheel that should be properly handled before it is brought back for usage.
holy shit it's this week.
Why does got to be so sexy?
;D
Just remember that haters are haters.
BBN knows the truth!!!!!
We love you!
so gross
What we do today will establish our finances with peoplestring tomorrow
no...
trying to reduce twitter spam
I'm a recent Hootsuite convert as well.
Love it!
RT Oh my god, Hootsuite!
Where have you been all my life?
they're called 'mock elections' anyways..
Love seeing a Wellstone!
bumpersticker on a car at daycare.
Let's be friends!
I just sat in the Leaf Very Roomy Very Nice!
Rub it in jerk!!
I hate you..
but I love you and I miss your face
RT If WE are out of control then the system is out of control.
So ask yourself today Who Controls Me?
Started listing to podcast...
I like it..
I like it a lot!!!...D Keep up the great job guys..
These little kids with additudes.
The fuck
how do you get a person to unfollow you?
Like can you keep them from following you?
Worshiping Satin YouKnowBetterThanThat Go To Hell.
OUTSTANDING!
performance on SouthLAnd Bravo, dear sir!
Bravo!
OMG I THOUGHT IT WAS A ICY.
CONFETTI  3
Just about died and got stuck in a blizzard on the mountain...
Ditto on the thanks, and also on the regret there wasn't time for more discussion.
thats hella akw...
but how long u wanna b single?
I wonder?
Will nephew be more stubborn or more conservative??
Who's blood flows deeper?
Only time will tell..
Putting the Samsung Galaxy Tab on his wishlist.
If Apple tries to ban it, then it must be good.
Dude...conference call?
You met Emeka didn't you?
In honor of the Caps effort tonight, I fell asleep during the 2nd intermission.
I got FLEX for sale and I'm giving niggas bargains!!!!!
This.
RT The difference between me and her is I'll do anything for you and she'll do anything with you.
Village at St.
Peter39;s Housing Presented by the Diocese of Camden Celebrates Occupancy
Welcome to the Twitter Jungle Jeff.
doctornks at the four seasons with devmollie, followed by secret apps and wine at the palace.
i feel like would approve.
:
With Acrobat Pro you can captainre scanned docs, create fillable pdf forms, perform redaction procedures, and create seachable pdf files.
It's not like we're dying...
Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
why can't i stop crying?
Hey, do you have a date for your event yet?
Tebow does it again!
Im now 31 for the week not bad ;
S/O to my uggs for being there through these cold times!
Dont know what i would do w/o u.
8am Green smoothie  Twitter  News.
I need more routines like this in my life.
heard that name a lot today.
We'll see what happens
.
how's it feel to be the number 1 seed in 's blogger bracket?
lmao.
Okay.
Haha .
Considering i might not even go to school today
you can color your hair when your preggo I did it and my mother and mother in law know how to do hair and all leave snooki alone
brilliant.
: If the Chiefs doctorft pick was a shot, it would be a barmat shot cringe
Web Designers  Who among you has leveraged microfomats to great effect?
How do you measure it?
haha why do you say that?
Storms are lining up.
Massive destruction RT : Henryville, IN may take a second hit by a major tornado.
SocialSaturdays Performing Live Inside La Vida cohosted by , Music provided by  Special Guest MC RT
Love that WhiteMamba just doctorined the last bucket of regular season!
Miss Buffalo RT : 10 years ago today, almost 30 of snow buried Buffalo in 24 hours...55 in 4 days!
Wanna see
U welcome
It's freezing out 
: EVERY GHETTO IN NEW YORK CITY KNOWS ABOUT Dynasty Because you the Best...
Pa:Lante.....
Just finished playing for the pediatric cancer and chronically ill at mcv hospital.
Heartbreaking but uplifting  same time.
I guess I'll get a fake plant and a lamp for them....
Realized it was Friday and that I did nothing fun tonight...but then I realized, It's fucking Summer: EVERYDAY is Friday
Sox sucked too..uggh.just finished US vs Finland earlier.
Wow!
Shutout.
So over you and your bullshit.
I won't do coke off the head of a cobra, but I will do meth off the back of a llama....
Adoctoran Mesa
he does the weirdest movies!
What's he done besides 27 days later?
That wasn't a foreign film or something.
Are robots and content farms the future of the news?
I just want you to tell me you are here for me  it's going to be okay..
nope.
I am still awake.
:
I am accepting recommendations for super cheap vacation/staycation ideas.
Please help.
here in nashville they are wearing out Ga peaches on the big 98 wsix.
They know what we want to hear
strong words RT : I strongly believe that Mendeley can change the face of science.
Werner Vogels CTO Amazon
I didn't expect this to happen this quickly.
I hope that he pulls through, yet it doesn't look good.
Atelophobia is the fear of not being good enough or imperfection
Thanks for throwing us men a bone ;
Happy fathers day everyone!
Happy New Year everyone!
Make sure to check out today's Google doodle.
What a great way to start out a semester!
It would have been Freddie Mercury's 65th birthday.
Nw Rob Dyrdeks Fantasy Factory C: love this show!
It doesn't have to be that hard for teens w/ autism there are resources for teenagers who want a girlfriend...
RT : Sure, but Scottishness made the joke work better.
For me anyhow.
: Slainte!
Nothing bests a curious mind; love 's penchant for original source materials; the feel, sight, sound  touch of 'truths'...
Hahahh!!!
Good man!
Now get to work.
I asked my math teacher how good I'd have to do on my exam to find out my final ...
MoviesThatNeverGetOld Burlesque and
Third Call Me, Maybe, houndstooth
Q: What is your greatest ambition in life?A: To become immortal...
then die.
agreed!
So disgusting.
Allergies killin me I feel like crap!
Horwitz received the Pulitzer Prize in 1994.
Perhaps best known to historian s for Confederates in the Attic
she sounds like a sick animal
good stuff last night
I'm trying to keep off the redbull....im dying Dx
ok dude
People Have No Fucking Life Calling A ''Slut''
Analogous to building needed smart power grid for US; painfully slow because of many different stakeholders  technical risk
If you have tickets for Lincoln Theatre Royal's A Christmas Carol, please call 01522 519999 to check performances are still on this week
Will be tabling w/ today at the Latin American Youth Center Health Fair in Columbia Heights.
Fun times!
Lost playing hostage!
sounds like a plan to me!
If u niggas so real ..why yall gotta keep reminding everybody all the time
Tried the morning mix up from Disappointing.
Is overly sweet and bland a mix these days?
Shower Sex 
I've been listening to the same song for the past 15 minutes, I'm boring, I know.
I'm glad!
It's finals time at our library, do other libraries do anything special to help students out or celebrate?
Dave Obey: No one candidate can credibly claim ownership of recall movement.
Shout out to my girl Luv the song!
You surprised me with that one
Ima go watch the news maybe ill fall asleep
I'd forgotten the joys of being a six footer on a commuter plane.
We haven't left yet  I'm ready to exit.
Are we there yet?
On my way home from chi2012 to see son2 in a school play tonight.
: Best of luck Monday.
Keep in touch on semiotics musings.
i wish you can get and in the studio too because people think they still got beef and they squashed it in 06
where are you now when i need yu
Will You Ever Follow Me Austin
lol he is too!
He looks creepy o.O
When you're walking by the lakefront, stop in to see Lake Bluff Condos on Prospect!
Luxury homes w/ great views!
www.lakebluffcondos.com
Apple has put up a new web page showing how to set up the new free Find my iPhone service
thatcampva12 no animations in neatline.
yet.
worried about feature creep.
yes we do I need u to do a favor for me and lays get u to do a photo shoot for ur 2nd book
Love, love, love my friends!
I am one lucky girl!!!
At the eye doctor Hopefully my visits will be ending soon
so r u goin
In the past 2 days I've probably watched the richards/staal goal replays 20 times
O.O I like all of his albums and mixtapes.
:D
Thanks George, looking forward to it.
It's fun Tweetcasting with all the BOK watchers and the awesome cast.
hmm probably the second one cause the first one i hate shadowed eyes like doctorwing them makes me sick and the 3rd is too far away
IF YOU WANT A DIVORCE, see A THERAPIST.
IF YOU NEED A DIVORCE, SEE ME BY DANIE VICTORLAGUERRE, FLORIDA DIVORCE ATTORNEY
Turn a gud girl ..Bad...turn a bad girl ...Crazy..
datDick lmao
network your plague!
Everyone wants some
You're very welcomex
Sorry to have missed UR booth at ASTD2012.
I heard gr8 things 'bout the interactions  learning that took place there.
Alright, we'll do it.
RT : i would like to see tour with again!
:
Run for your life, the haboob is coming!
Bitches gone stay mad fucking with me!
I love that Im on your mind!
You look so stupid!
Yo u guys are really doing well and it was fun to see you guys win in person
it is what makes me soo interesting!
Target is the best.
Im not about that life.
Sorry
PowerHouse  Maybe Rock The Bells This Yr ;D
omg that is awesome!
Lets have a moment of silence for all of those lost childoctorn swallowed during blow jobs....
u better ......btw DO U WANNA SUCK XD
Yea, sounds like a lot of heat.
Thanks Dave!
I love that mix.
Definitely time to bust it out for the holidays.
Workin hard to make up for playin hard.
New Years Sweepstakes: post your stickK activity on facebook and you're entered.
No purchase necessary!
www.stickK.com for official rules.
Danielle Aubert presents from the Center for Abandoned Letterhead project, a collection and catalog of disused corporate letterhead.
...thats right, doctoramteam is on the twitter...
I would love a shout out of some sort from my man LPG...
: Thanks!
What about Trevor Ariza?
Can you find him too.
Hell, you think Magic will come out of retirement?
I'm the kind of person who celebrates buying a new shirt by wearing it four days in a row.
Had the best time at JourneyChurch in Raleigh, NC today.
I will definitely be back next week!
I don't think a GA win makes him viable again.
He has to win elsewhere, or place a strong second place.
Come to Pittsburgh, PA!
Every elected U.S.
Senator's pay should be suspended until such time as the Senate passes a budget  it's time they do their job!
i'm sick of being sick!!!
cool, my birthday is in April too
Glad the jail released you...
have a great vacay!
Onto the Sixers...
I think I'm going to buy me some beats by doctor
Today I swear I will take some time off.
So far not so good with that but soon!
And fortunately, we have had some brilliant minds and committed souls shining that light, regardless of the broader landscape
Major moves only happens when u think big
sometimes I think they TOO big lol!
Anyone going to tonight?
Go Bulls!
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not really into football, but why isn't Super Bowl Sunday a national holiday?
Take care of each other, stay strong, find some time to play, don't let God laugh alone.
Josef 'Whistler' Engressia
Check out the 41st annual DC St.
Patricks Day parade Sunday, March 11 at noon on Constitution Ave between 7th  17th St!!!

lol!
Oh good, so it's not just me?
I think there's something wrong with us.
In my favorite understatement of the year, the NYT headline: In Santorums Sweep, Sign of G.O.P.
Unease With Romney.
YOU THINK?
Steam cleaning appointments available this Thursday.
Book today and get 10 off!
Friday greeted me with a mash up of Lady Gaga's Edge of Glory and Foster the People's Pumped Up Kicks in my brain...
what?
If you know your primary trigger, text it to 51515 to find out your top personality advantages.
How we don't say bye anymore
my daddy left home when i was 3 and didn't leave much but momma and me.
Attention Dancers and models.
Auditions will be held on May 20th for video Jello.
The girls chosen will get a free photo shoot!
Click the link to the website.
We are a free classified better than craigslist.
Promote what ever you want
Its the last night of vacation we can sleep in :
Have a great night everyone!
I want him
voice!HOLY FUDGE!IM DYING!3 :
Come on Phillies, get a 'n hit.
N.
Taleb on true stoicism: transforming fear into prudence, pain into transformation, mistakes into initiation, desire into undertaking.
wherever you play...
I'm there bro xD
Get the London lookoh so do i need to separate my teeth  have huge gaps in them ?
I swear that commercial is retarded
Want P to follow you?
Or have someone you think we should follow?
Tweet us who to follow and we'll check them out!
You ever had that feeling where you just wanna sit in a corner and cry??
Totally missed that it was Groundhog's Day today:/ Whoopsie!
What did that fur thang end up doing???
Quit being such a hypocrite
Hope you had a special mother's day because you are special.
I am honored to call you my friend.
I mean we are making this way too big and we dont even know anything.
Looking forward to seeing  others doing Zumba  2morro!
Interested in us producing your next music video?
Contact us at for more information.
Music and sound too...
Please keep my brother in law in your prayers.
he is ill and I'm going to visit him in the hospital
You need to found a startup.
:
you're face is nothing special!!
And you're fat!
Hahaha Jk
would be cool if Ramen noodles had another nutritional value besides SODIUM OVERDOSE
FL attorneys office should be held accountable for not collecting the proper evidence and making the arrest sooner.
Don't blame the statute
I got you, bro!
But you gotta follow me  back first before I make your brownies.
:
Any way we can get Daddy Krag on the IR??
oh don't worry, I'll be reading it on the beach.
This Thursday April 12th, 2012 we need 3 Models!
5PM  8PM!
Come get your makeup done and enjoy great company!
omg thanks that's really nice33
I haven't had a chance to listen to todays little show, but it sounds like Big Fatty has diarrhea
Napoleon Hill What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
on my way to La Quinta : can't wait for the hot weather!
Sick save there.
Always remember that our heroes are human.
Bad men are capable of great things and good men are capable of evil.
Ok.
We'll have to do some sort of fund raiser to get out here for the shows.
L0L!
Stephen Colbert is pulling jack daniels on national television haha
Inhale the good shit exhale the bulllllshit
I will DEFINITELY be exploring Personal Proof from Yay!
yeah I often hear myself say I said what???!!!.
Hope you and Quinn are well.
Happy Advent!
Someday, I will have all I need.
Today, I will give all I have.
Lucky you!
Hope you're doing something fun this weekend girl.
Are you gonna see The Avengers?
new look coming this afternoon!
dear brooklyn, do ANY food places deliver within the time limit they advertise?
seriously.
: Did you ever give the Ranger some bow moves?
// This!
Came up at livingdungeonworld at
shithagansays what is this?
Is it like a doctored up mm?
poor Colette.
I want her w/Dean.
I would cum on my bed if u touched me in my sleep!
Then I would fuck u to make u cum sexy mami XOXO
17Days BOYFRIEND Believe so excited !
Making up for striking out on my last thifting excursion.
It's a label whore of a good time up here in Winnetka!
welcome to
Enjoyed last night's great screening of our DC 48HFP Mancession.
They laughed in all the right places.
We'll be in the DC best of on 5/24
it's because we're awesome, but you already knew that.
No one can fill 4min better than you
Sleep.
I am about to gets it
Wishing I was at somebodys house..
I'm seriously bored a'f right now..
: Bieber in Floyd's ring entourage: Another sign he's getting soft.
what an absolute joke...
Cotto better win this
LEVI DENIM SHORTS ARE 34.99!!!!!
Is there really a place to hire folks for this kind of stuff on Craigslist?
Where?
its dependent on where you go since I prefer Water :
.
Excellent idea.
Let's all become garbagoligists!
screwing around at work...looking for wilco tunes to get pumped for them tonight...had a mixed exp last time wilco was at 930.
XOXO, thank you lady!
Just checked the weather in London for this week.
It's going to be warm and sunny exept the saturday, which will be rain and clouds...Angry
I always thought your first photos shoot would be for a jcrew catalog...
cool thanks !!
wow dude that was deep you're so right.
You should become a philosopher
Everyone knows that if you find any sort of a pattern in wins and losses, it can't POSSIBLY be random variation!
lol I have no idea what you're talking about :/ : haha
look into flying to Paris via Reykjavik.
Prices sometimes under 1,000.
Plus, Reykjavik!
Read about two iOS Math Apps made by classroom teachers: tonyv.me/mabt
Nawlins.
Magazine street.
: I get high with a little help from my friends.
i get doctornk with a little help from my friends.
Aztecs will tip off vs Temple at 3:10pm on Saturday.
Game will be on TNT.
thanks so much for the mention.
We'll be in soon with a goody.
Loving Adobe Lightroom 4.
Hating the migration from iPhoto of every photos for the past 3 years.
Follow me n I'll follow u bck
The stupid neither forgive nor forget.
The naive forgive and forget.
The wise forgive but do not forget.
Since getting home all I've done is eat, eat and eat some more.
Its whatever.
Night.
In The Recording Studio Producing Couple of Dope Beatz Fun time
Just discovered how to close comments on WordPress pages.
Byebye, spamstream from the class blog!
: A key talent for innovation is celebrating your teammates who have to courage to fail.
follow please huge fan man will make my life complete, no homo thou,
ohh, and download Pearescope when you get ahold of an iProduct again!
Thank you.
Love it.
Still reading the the third Hunger Games book and my teacher yelled at me cuz I told him wat happened, gave me the evil eye
this caused snorting RT 90 of the time WYEP is made of awesome.
Other times it's like:That's more banjo then I think I can handle.
Happy Flash Friday!!!!
Mark, you are very welcome.
I am looking forward to learning more about you and reading your tweets!
Have a great weekend.
I don't care for Censorship.
FCC MPAA not a fan..
Thanks for the RT!
You're a good friend to me.
Sidebarh Volunteered 4 today teaching computer skills to snr.
citizens.
The lady I was helping was hilarious!!
Quoting from the 1st quarto, Screweth this.
oh and btw , those sony headphones you made me buy broke...should have just gone with the bose
It was my pleasure!
Anything for you guys!
U darn skippy RT wow!
I can see and shouting through the phone...
wow!
Look at GOD...
I eat bucks and shit change.
You lookin like a shinny new penny right about now!!
I want Pauly D to follow me .
Can someone help me ?
XD
what did you do?
Back from the WH.
Crowd probably around 23000 mainly students.
Lots of TV crews.
Looked for Maddow, but only ended up finding Geraldo.
Good god this brownie is rich
aw man!
I can't get there fast enough.
:/
Yeah me too.
Lol RT : I know it was bothering me lol
Does anyone have a tap recorder?
yeah mondays are rough!
hang in there!!
asdfghjkl D: baby please don't go if i wake up tomorrow will you still be there ?
;
On my way to the studio, looking forward to releasing my EP of 5 songs this summer.
Ah im crying floor seats concert
A 2012ComNegrini A
Rest In Paradise Adam Yauch MCA BeastieBoys sad day in
Mostly Bulls fans at the game tonight.
This is going to be painful.
It was time to move on.
Too much commuting, and I'm not one for regular work weeks.
Yep!
It was the tight jeans onee :P 
Kahn is amazing in this movie.
Introducing the wife to the Star Trek cannon.
This is a good film to start with!
it's me your radio friend, Doug, from Mix 92.9, stalking you now on teh Twitters
better than last year but still long way to go
How are you dear?
That girl toya she got the best Ora
The exhibition is up!
Come by and browse591 Broad St., Newark.
Then see you May 12 at 5:30!
Hey cut it out with the spam.
Seriously.
Time to clear out this phone...
That awkward moment when your Friends dont invite you to something.
RT we was trying to find the garage n decided to run n we both fell...
where is the camera when i need it
Schnur: Somewhere at the government level, there should be requirements for performance targets and transparency.
Looking after my health today gives me a better hope for tomorrow
OhioWantsAustinMahone!!
Tweet me it and ill RT!!
Get it trending!!
: MahomiesHelpMahomies!
3
So if by the time the bar closes and you feel like falling down, i'll carry you home, tonight.
got me onto this song 
JETS ALL THE WAY TODAY BABY!!!
LOVED going to Phillips After 5 w/ !
The Degas exhibition amazed me!!
Great work!
Quelf!
Check out this photo from the It's All Fun 'N Games House Party: soc.li/062tcvL
It's here....this gossipgirl inspired..better be good
watch your head Shane!
Lol 
How is a casino not trashy?
Legal doesn't equal classy.
The way you see other people, is the way they see you
Liam.
Please reply.
Please.
Love u so much.
Follow me please?
xx :D
Joe needs nap.
And s
give each candidate the same amount of time to speak.
also, enforce debate rules pls.
One year ago today I first met when I was waiting in line for Wow.
I think he needs to.
It would make my life if he does.
XD
Having back as an OA would be just too cool.
SoYouMeanToTellMe Its not butter??..
Huguely jury has it's first question after starting to deliberate.
Clarification on a legal term.
thanks Frederick!
Same in return
what time  where?
ReasonsToSayAmen my family woke up today
yeah that be awesome!:
: Cotto bet not win....if he do, I'm leaving TONIGHT....TONIGHT!!!
twitterlies
I am already excited!
so just let me get the hashtag ready
haha i hate essays.
lol True that!
People who make parody accounts of famous people are so bad
you could be touching a ghost dick right now and you dont even know it
Hope the Lakers get some sleep and energy..They are going to need it to beat OKL..Go Lakers
Can't stop editing, this movie is going to be so much fun!
Ever heard the saying Innocent until proven guilty.
Well there you go.
That's why.
Lol.
Also, a process.
This is seriously the best date I've ever been on..
Thanks !
haha!
I am sure speaks Spanish...haha.
It's all good!
:
LMFAO I LOVE MY GUYFRIEND SO FUCKING MUCH HE KNOWS ME SO WELL OMG
Sadface.
Are you feeling better?
Welcome Maya!
And congrats !!!!
Wake up RT : its goin be a long night, I'm already tired and we getting dougie tonight for bday!!!
Van still broken down in jersey.
Now walking about 4 miles back to the service station.
Fun.
I know the world isn't fair, but why isn't it ever unfair in my favor?
Bill Watterson
me too!
RT : I'm attending the ASAE Women's Executive Forum session The Resilience Advantage today.
hope to see you there!
Happiness is me waking up without back pain!
heres to hoping!
hahaha.
whatever!
Yeah we can!
:
Your controlling ways
you're amazing.
would love to try your food one day.
looking for a good chocolate chip chocolate muffin recipe...
got one?
send me a link!
I think is pulling an all nighter because of Easter!?!
Was Diane Keaton doctornk on Colbert last night??
followfriday my direct marketing gurus:
do a freestyle to future's turn on the lights...one of the dopest beats out right now
What part of the cow does bojangles use to make a steak biscuit for .99?
I think Bo knows hooves.
From writing business plans to brainstorming new ventures I know we have the right stuff
Should I not admit that I get the Real Housewives reference that is making right now?
'Sup ?
Think it's too late ta worry bout RT Do you think rose city building should have been demolished for parking lot or preserved?
yep!
Visiting family prob 
my pleasure
The garbage truck doctorver just checked me out and said hello.
Can't decide if that's better or worse than some of my EHarmony matches.
Lol.
I see ya big timer.
If you run 3 miles without stopping then you are on one!RT : 5k run...
That's nothing Lolol
Im so tired of this bitch ass car!
Can't wait till its done so I can have all the attention I need right now
Nothing lol RT : Hm I wonder who can guess what I'm doin in PE...
AGAIN
Ha!!
Don't be scared!
can't wait to see u guys!
Did Maurisa pass along my email yesterday about sing like Carrie Underwood contest?
C'mon.
Just do it.
It's fun.
You can't get in trouble for just one small blossom, right?
oh andy...
After this weekends work schedule I better have all of race weekend off
May 16th 2012 is the day they free my homeboy YB aka Byron Bars its been 2years my nigga and u kept it 100 for all of em
Now that I have a mustache and cut my hair off, I look like this emoji right here 
Absolutely nothing...LOL!
.
hey Zach, you are welcome.
I'm well.
I hope that you are too!
props to Liddi
Boston Worst wants you to know who the scum bags are in Boston.
Are you being bullied in the workplace.
Dm me and I will expose them.
school's keeping me busy.
glad it's over in 3 weeks!
this summer should be interesting.
how are you doing in your classes?
A huge negative number multiplied by a huge negative number equals an even huger positive number.
Can't sleep.
12am.
Goshh!
Gonna try and sleep!
follow me and hit me up on reverbnation.com/mikeepresha
Word of the day is jerk!
I got Boyfriend on repeat..
This isn't healthy..
I just have to make it thought midterms this week and then it's off to Jamaica!
why can I not bring myself past the procrastination stage?
Titties and beer...
thank dale he aint queer.
1st verse from the first book of dale
I'm at Monkey Bar.
ooh, Sounds fun but I bet will be crazy packed!
Is tonight the night Ricky Williams breaks the 10,000 yard mark?
yup.
You're already flattering.
Wins with me.
:
What the hell?
Kissing someone you always wanted to kiss 
somebody bring me a plate to my job !
i know somebody mom cooking Good Dinner !
in voice
Time to unfollow people that don't follow me
Schools almost here...
NO!
D:
Joan Jett to My Fair Lady.
This is why and I are friends.
Today would have been legendary trumpeter Maynard Ferguson's 84th birthday.
Still missing him.
Happy Birthday Boss!
One more long day before Andy's back.
Can't wait!
I LOVE ROC ROYAL
good idea!
Thanks!
Thanks for the
Is there anyone who reads my tweets and is willing to respond to them??
I remember seeing something about that on the Facebook page.
Congrats!
Anything new and exciting in your life?
I just see a lot of inconsistency in folks slamming Google for this stuff that routinely trust their private data to others.
: Capricorn can have a real IDGAF mentality.
true that.
I need to go shopping.
All my clothes are too big on me now.
The school year is almost done..
Pretty much survived freshman year ..
1 month left
I'm about ready to be famous....
Who is with me?
:
Motivation RT : We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
It should be illegal to be up at 4:30am.
Good Moaning ;
Thanks too for the baked goods and Sister Misfit for picking them up!
Thanks especially to the Moving Castle for hosting us!
Guy friends are the bomb!
They're hilarious, cool, fun to hang with, no doctorma...
until you start to like one.
Heyy guys im back!
Hire people who are better than you are, then leave them to get on with it .
.
.
; Look for people who will aim for the remarkable!
Headed out for the weekend soon.
Happy Mother's Day to the Mom's out there!
Mcr was the best show ever!!!
The Best!!
Writing, writing, writing!
lets get get get it!
Portland needs its own Crime doctorma show like NCIS CSI or
I'm a Senior in College.
Thank goodness I made it now running to the finish line.
GRADUATION Dec 2013
Red is grey and yellow white We decide which is right and which is an illusion.
So much pain, but So worth it.
LADIES SIGN UP TODAY FOR THE EROTIC .com and I will waive the 20 registration fee for info 3108062123
Awesome!
Nope, haven't been there yet.
:
Just a small town girl?
You are a divine creature of God ..Special in every way!
not scrawberry hair BOL.
Werk Bit I'm coming to the ATL Memorial Day weekend.
I hope we can meet.
Happy pop punk Halloween!!
RT : Bring your musicians' ear to tedxclt on October 15 for the doctorm circle during lunch.
UWMFilm students, don't forget to submit your projects to and the Student Film  Video festival.
Deadlines approaching!
Hm, thinking about covering another sick tune ;
YoMommaSoFat when she gets on the scale it says To be continued.
I look forward to your response.
Enjoyed your tweets from the BBEconDev roundtables.
Wish they had been podcast.
beer vibe for the day Grays Oatmeal Stout.
Bills are paid but no creative juice for the studio!
going in like a Fri on bootybounce If ur feeling what's on ur radio right now make sure u got us on Fri morning!!
When a guy walks by and smells good..
oh sweet jesus come back .
Rain  No Customers!
Okay, after two weeks, here's where I'm at: MadMan is just a flatout boring show.
TheKilling, on the other hand, is fing riveting.
Me too, isn't it awful?
I can't imagine anyone realizes their random web surfing habits are being broadcast to the world.
just finish hearing song SparksFly and song CallMeMaybe is steel in my head..Can't stop singing it :
I once had an awkward moment, just to see what it felt like
Omg work
it was a great time!
Thanks.
Love us all
: wats hap'n at Loca tonite?
doctornking and dancing!!!!!
there might be value in that deacc'd thing for digital use.
haha teenage guys crack me up
It would be so cool to be a mermaid.
We will :
I'm glad that people in Columbus like to stay fit but why do they all have to stay fit at the exact same time at my gym???
Lol.
the ones on the third page
Thanks!
Now back to doctornking :
is collecting gently used or new swimsuit for 2nd graders in the Learn to Swim program.
Bring them to the front desk.
Thx
Nah i mean you lol cause you were watching it XD
I'm sorry sweetheart.
I hope you recover and feel better soon!
HUGS xoxo
Fake texting  A way to avoid socially awkward situations.
First week in new office.
We have a ways to go to make it 'pretty', but WOW is the functionality better than before!
I am so pleased!
Omfg cryting dhsshaasjsfnc I can't.
:''''' gonna see my 16th.
Just need tickets now.
I got the yellow fever, I'm into oriential chicks Cade
Salon Marketing has changed in the last few years, have you changed your plan?
Starting from April 16, NTD is available to the Greater DC metropolitan area via WWTD 49.2
So much for livin' up senior year .
admission: 25.
admission: 25.
admission: ALWAYS FREE!
I really hope you can :
It was okay, can't tell you really since you have not seen it!!
Marcum is done take him out come on RR
I vote July.
so what's your definition of a box office flop?
Left is Right  A leftright debate emerges in Quebec, and it's pretty bitter  680 News
ok i need sleep.
good night BE SAFE ON THAT MOTORCYCLE.
i'm seriously worried.
Your ugly!
hencethehashtag  new hashtag I invented to enforce the reality of a hashtag...whitegirlwednesday is a real thing.
hencethehashtag.
omg are you serious?
Misplaced apostrophes REALLY annoy the hell out of me!
I should get a life.
Every fucken time !
Alright then, can we measure group intelligence similarly?
NEASC11 Chabris
ur welcome and awh!
Thanks so much!
Ur so sweet: I live in NY, u?
out of curiousity, what do you believe critics do/should do?
That moment when you text someone and they text back like a day later,with a short reply,than you try to figure out what they were doing.
Glad you think so.
Rodney is infinitely creative in the kitchen!
I thought all Canucks were like that?
Hey please Follow my friend !
Hey porfavor sigan a mi amigo..!!
I need to smoke.
guess it is someone else
RT : US economy added 120,000 jobs in March; unemployment rate falls to 8.2
Is treating you guys to a good time?
Thanks for following Larry!!
I'm ready 4 the new year to be here!
Let's get it!!
my strange addiction....yeah that will out u to sleep.
Damn I forgot about this Houston traffic

Act Like A Lady, Think Like A Man!
thanks guys!
: RT : congrats and good luck to Emily and 
Who's Sasha Grey?
I'm married, guys.
fantasy is one thing, fj is the real deal, 1400 yards this season and 10 tds
Thirsty dudes use this smiley ;
Don't be friends with guys who wear those hats with small brims and are usually accompanied by a vest.
Thanks Paul!
RT: I follow because they're real leaders FF
Find a quiet cafe?
: RT : It's markedly harder to get homework done when you're in France...
MY BREAST R PERFECT!
I wish you'll die.
What a celebration that would be
Got you angry bout this girl Im with in all the magazines
hard for TT to lie if he only ever uses propositions or adjectives, lol
Thanks for the RT.
You coming to the Tweet Up?
our newest model
Been good.
But Busy.
Lots of OT lately.
Finally settling down though.
How bout you?
would you have it any other way ;
I wanna say thank you incase I don't thank you enough!
Pau and Steve Blake really carrying the load offensively.
Very eloquent reply, by the way.
Mine would have been very different ;
Hello world I officially lost it but someday may find it.
Went to gym  worked out for hour in pool awesome!
Bought bear proceeds to St Jude
I stabbed my hand with a pencil.
Now I have a piece of led stuck in it.
sixth time to the doctors.
As you breath, another person takes his last.
So stop complaining but rather live your life with what you got.
Make every breath count.
as soon as everyone email me back.
Thanks Mark!
Just saw the Tweet....I thought I was gonna be busy...now I'm gonna be really busy!
Thanks!
that shits gonna be hurting for a week.
HAHA
I'm like negative tired right now.
Room is finally clean an they finally fixed my closet so I got to put my clothes all away I really get depressed when Im in a dirty room lol
Looking for some everyday, cool climate Syrah's for 25 and under.
Who has some recommendations for me?
Not looking forward to school tomorrow!
Treat her how she deserves to be treated, or someone else will.
Aerosmith has so many phenomenal songs 
The traditional office is becoming less vital to business but the need to collaborate is still a key ingredient; Visimeet keeps it alive.
Are u kidding me?that wired and cool
Haha definitely.
Don't follow my lead!
how many people like to breakdance
What u got going?
What are u gettin into tonight?
The Exorcist J/K LMFAO
you've already heard it...
You already heard it before my blood family....
that'slove
cnnnye Anderson lets see you swim with Michael Phelps again take it off like Kathy!
this is one of the best videos ever!
i just feel like im doin way better than what the expected me to be doin
Password has been changed because Twitter detected hacker activity.
Don't follow links that say read bad whatever about you.
Sorry for the delay.
We were trying to confirm things on our end.
But, as is, the event is now being postponed until the Fall.
I think they should have more Friday games during football season.
This day just keeps getting better and better.
of course , but I skip sometimes
Mate, if you choose to lock your heart away, you'll lose it for certain.
3
Hey, thanks for the RT!
O that was Rita Moreno in SinginIntheRain?!
Small role or maybe I just missed more of Zelda's part...?
Chris is conspiring to create the best Muse of all time.
Muse2012
psssssh nobody hates him!
He's too badass!
:D
Q for Register Pallante: Where does Section 108 reform fit within the larger goal of orphan works legislation?
Getting an early start to head out to speak at Youth Motivation Day in Atlanta!
Welcoming our newest members: Winirichardsfletcher  Josephjohns
Booksellers are the most valuable destination for the lonely, given the numbers of books that were written because authors.
That makes since!
He's my lucky charm.
:
im fine my ear hurts
Are they all tweeting from their ipad 3s???
Have a blast!
will do, thanks a bunch
: These sound SO good!
I must try to make them  for the Vitamin C, of course.
;
Now that's an enthusiastic god morning!
Same to you...enjoy the day!
How i've learned of Katz's oevre: through seeing his work in every print and doctorwing auction everywhere.
Hi All, We would love to share this with all of you and weI hope you will send it along to all your friends...
please read on.
We have a li
People who are always In need of attention
Hey im at the White Plains Mall in the foodcourt and have no idea what to eat any suggestions
Feedback about my new wallet from my left butt cheek is not positive.
I got 32 followers today O.O
Eh, ya gotta grow up sometime!
lol Bad enough my wife's Grandfather called me Kracker until the day he died!
:
The Rust Belt Revival: What's Happening in Detroit ://www.details.com/culturetrends/criticaleye/201204/rustbeltrevivaldetroitmichigan
RT All the Army SM programs are integrated in a coherence marketing message.
People can find message where they are.
Now we need to work on the Equal Pay Act.
Vice President Joe Biden.
NOO!!!
No nutella!!
WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO EAT PANCAKES WITH!?
Is this Clippers comeback really happening??
jake gyllenhaal as aaron rodgers.
Practically spitting image.
I had a wonderful mothers day.
doctorgon Age II I think LOL, but I take forever playing too many games at once.
Thanks for thinking of me, Queen!
I needed that checkin today from one of my fav human rights and social justice sistahs!!!
Youre welcome!
You do too!
RT Thank you for the gift!!
You simply rock!!!!
J.
Carl Cook Minor surgery is surgery someone else is having.
Good Morning Adorable Alex33., your mad cutex
Dude my printer doesn't have ink anymore.
What if your mom takes us to office max?
Or have her take you to school.
done  done!
sick bitch
Sweet!
Bocks rock!
Waiting for my sandwich, should of called jimmy johns.
This is taking too damn long
This is going to be the sixth time that i've walked through the media center.
I'm such a hoodlum when I have time to waste
i just got my order in 8 minutes, which leads me to believe they are employing sushimaking elves in my basement.
Industrial steel mill area I walk thru every night on break looks  sounds like Lynch's ERASERHEAD.
Hissing machines,clanging metal audible
Are you playing in Minneapolis anytime soon??
People Lie About Everything o
People are as happy as they make up their minds to be Abe Lincoln
this is usually when I'm writing a block argument for one of my own methods, so there is no preview yet.
Best of luck with the special!
May need to give Rift another try next week.
New PC parts coming for superrig!
3 years since last upgrade...
i7 2600K 8GB
Keep on doctoraming, even if it breaks your heart 3
cook an 8 course meal and bring it to me...
lazy and hungry
people that go to my school 
light shut off in the room NO AJ!!
I don't want to cuddle!!
Man I forgot where I was.
They're getting it cracking outchea for doctornko de mayo.
Friend: I wasn't even that doctornk !
Me: Dude...you asked your girlfriend if she was single.
Yea yeah, well who knows...Maybe watch paint doctor with a bottle of wine or something.
What the hell Packers????
FF  I's favorite local news team!
Ambassador Duty at the reception for the 2nd Annual Inclusive Excellence Completion at Daniels.
Congratulations to all the teams that compe
Niggas need 2 grow tf up!!!
Like i have no further words for this ish
sup im feeling gud too lol
Order sent to Samantha in NH!
naw you scooped that hoe, cuz I left it down stairs an wasn't there when I left.
So I got ya now nigga.
NONONONONooooooo let me walk this one off !!!
Who is currently using a dating matchmaking service, either online or off?
We want feedback!
Talk to us single friends
what is the number one New Years resolution that we all make and are guilty of breaking?
Boston?
Is he playing in NY?
donuts sounds gah right now
At OAH2012?
Visit UPK Director Steve Wrinn at Booth 223 for a 30 conference discount on books!
i dunno why but you like unfollowed me.
did i do something wrong?
D:
Spongebob: Can you hear me?
Patrick: No, it's to dark.
hey boo
Watching in The Hammer...great movie
Wait what?
Why did my twitter background change?
Hi Daniel, hope all is well  Tony
as u said..
it can't get lower than this..
don't care much about her, but I care about GA D
SportingKansasCity fan checkin on Yahoo!
Sportacular
Man must be lit!
I told her some devastating news and she replied with : Yayyy!
I will discuss education reform with Lou Dobbs on at 7:30 tonight.
Tune in!
Ohmygosh , i seen your videos on youtube, you can sing!
like seriously!
I love singing too:
I think it's funny that people are complaining about Diablo I servers, having a decade of Blizzard track record to shape expectations.
Thinkin I'll watch me some basketball!!
My hunch is that principals and teachers know the most ...
so says Gov.
Jerry Brown.
those people who look like they've never taken a shower.
Now you may relax, now you may concentrate, now you may focus, now you may anticipate.
Jim Palmer is breaking my heart right now.
Christmas comes early for childoctorn in foster care  Gainesville Sun
Is it 9:30 yet?
I'm tired.
Thanks dude!
kids/music/work.
We doctorp a new mixtape 5/29/12 called Commencement.
We been workin really hard on this one !
captainin America went H.A.M.
If you're doctornking a beer out of a punch top can, you're the douchebag in the room.
Agreed!
RT : Just saw that group walking down Wisco Ave.
Looking good.
Once you lock it, it's OK.
It's easy to operate.
That was all and 's show.
Glad you enjoyed!
its a little past christmas time but i,m sure I could get him to dedicate another cover to ya :
that's what I thought..
damn haha
Just because it isn't ok doesn't mean it isn't true.
Not for or against anyone in trial, just pointing out.
haha honestly I wanted to send u one cinco de mayo but well u know the story 
Who won the award for hottie of the week?
The results will be posted this evening on wherethehottiesat.com
i wanna see it:
Twitter has been messing with me and I haven't been able to post in over a week!
I promise to share more good stuff soon!
Skype would be great.
What age students do you teach?
thank you god for another day 3 
Sorry I haven't been here lately.
I am in Ohio still doin' music and voice overs.
More music than VO's.
voiceover VO voice over
They were awesome D: I wish I was in the pit when I seen them though.
I'm going to see them again at Mayhem Festival :3
Check STUFF out tonight, 51 N Sandusky St, Downtown Delaware, OH.
P.S.
Next weekend is First Friday so plan to come back for specials!
I miss you, i miss your smile, and I still shed a tear every once in a while.
Stoked on it too :D
is now IN the airport.
I'm cold just sitting here watching the Brewers play
Aspire to inspire before you expire.
Being a twatcher isn't a good thing .
.
.
.
Last Friday, I had a bad interview with hiring manager.
The hiring manager didn't apply his manager skill.
I can't believe it.
I said thinking person's.
Not sure how to make that clearer.
When should I start living as if I am a great person?
Do it now?
OPINIONS!!
: We're thinking about a new tagline.
What do you think about Wingman: Check in to get checked out???
Today I find out if I got this job or not.
:
Watching good debate/conversation about Balboa Park future led by the deft on
Hope the LTDArmy has a great day!
We'll be down on the Southside tonight putting up posters for our show at the Smiling Moose on the 24th!
Demolishing my todo list today, and I haven't even made coffee yet.
Amazing!
wat up kid
TUE Dinner Soup Special: Creamy Tomato Soup with Pesto Tossed Pearl Pasta  Parmesan Reggiano Cheese
Top A Studio in California with multiple openings is leading the way on finding a better work/life balance.
for employees.
Ping for more
Praying for Concert Goers at the Indiana State Fair
Saying or not when someone doesn't do something you asked them to do.
If he touches my head again I'm going to slap him...
Blair comparing Dan and Chuck was beautiful writing, though.
C makes her the.HAPPIEST.
4:20 FUNNY  What do you call a man who rolls in the leaves?
Russell.
Thanks, Broadview, for YET AGAIN leaving us with no internet!
You love to pee on your customers!
still a little WOOZY from the emergency landing on Friday y'all.
Have no fear though, Ill be back on my feet and raising taxes in no time!
Oh rly how old are you ?
maybe i need someone with a P where you have a V and who puts out
no...
I DO!
I don't like that memory.
i c u now we gucci lol
Carrying a thick literature book and a simi thick history book..
I think you're a rarity on Twitter, thanks to the demographics.
Heading out for a meeting, ping me on my cell with the 411 when you have the bandwidth.
31 in the wheelhouse and he missed it
What a great video!
Might use those concepts to revamp the lesson plans for science...
and leadership.
Thanks for posting!
lmao!
I seen your video on Facebook!
Lol i was ctfu!
and I signed
It's FF Celeb Style.
Follow one of my favorite actors !
He's trying to reach 100k.
lol then take yo ass to walmart then...random halllin it's because i miss you lol
sleepy sounds in A minor piano improvise with clawhammer banjo
no stop
New topic  EM5 no IS for non m43 lenses in video mode.
:
Life still goes on no matter what happens...so always remember to stay strong.
I HATE CompApps class!
I'm gettin switched out of CAIII next semester!
Hey Candace, thanks for the follow.
I'm looking forward to connecting some more.
This is some rush hour style traffic...
At 1030 on a Saturday...
What the hell...
honestly that bugs me 
my roommate is on OKC and has been LOVING the attention lately.
she gets awfully annoying with the Oh, just another msg...
Cannot stop watching Brit comedy Peep Show on Netflix...
Haven't laughed this hard at a show in ages!
Am I the I'm the only one in DC without Memorial Day weekend plans?
RT : Ann Rhoades to Deliver Keynote at WorkForce Software's Vision 2012 Event: LIVONIA, MI, Jan 05, 2012 MARKETWIRE ......
Yesterday I cared so much.
Today I don't give a fuck.
Tomorrow I'll probably care again.
FF FF For all your auto repair needs!.
He's an awesome tweep.
Rockin out with Bucky at Helen C for perhaps the last time ever.
Might challenge him to a headstand contest for kicks.
The next chapter in the Great American Love Story...
A Fashion project in Los Angeles, CA by Prospect Denim.
Not only do they want to...
looking forward to the SIG tomorrow.
See you there.
What's the texting app for in class participation that was on display at the lunch thing this fall?
uh oh I heard you did some work with :D
Hi, Sharon.
I will have a glass of wine, but not at First Friday.
I'll toast you afterwards, if that's okay.
Heal  rest!
Desire...hope...nd faith keeps me...
: I needed an outlet for the stories in my head...and a bit of encouragement from my English professorssor.
What started it for you?
Louise Penny is Canadian...
:
Thanks for RT :
Certainly doesn't sound live.
Whatever happened to Baby Jane?
Baby Jane pulled a lebron.
It's tomorrow morning and we're stoked!
It appears that way 4 sure.
2 bad.
RT : Joel Osteen will never commit to anything because he's standing on the 5th playing it safe.
Mahomies: Hey Austin Austin: Hey mahomies: Are you a fast runner?
Austin: no.
Not really, why?
Mahomies: GET HIM!!111!!!1!!1!!
can you handle it?
Dance party on repeat!!!!
I enjoyed Quantum of Solace too
Newest Groupatic followers!
I really liked Patrick Swayze that's very sad news.
May he RIP he will be greatly missed.
What yo man dnt no won't hurt himister My boyfriend gone  I want sex!
This isnt right!

Glad to hear from you.
Will definitely look you up for lunch in the near future.
I tried this one with my pants on with our old dog, Winchester.
But he wouldn't sit still, and he died a month later.
My pleasure!
Hope u have a great week!
Oh, okay.
This is how it's gonna be?
Half falling in love with someone while skyping in a bubble bath and doctornking beer.
FUCK.
That moment when you're walking home and you realize you're sweating..
Would you follow me please?
: much love from Indonesia 3
Thank you all for the follow...
keep following and also stay updated via www.akwasifrimpong.com
lmao you're just as bad sometimes bro
RT : you did not disappoint, we'll be back again for sure.
you're 'black magic' cocktail, especially delish.
can you put my name in you bio please :
Thank god for craigslist.
It makes getting sold out M83 tickets for me and my gf so much easier
I see you sitting up front!
Jealous!
RT : I love that it's 10:30 on a Sunday night and is packed with people.
: FCK twitter jail though !!
fuck regular jail too!!
please do not attempt to purchase anything on site.
We are still under construction!
orders placed will NOT be fullfilled.
Well, you say you love me then and go and ask out my best friend yea okay whatever!!!
I thought i loved you E.S
thanks dude
Next tattoo quote ideas anyone?
I don't have any selfishmachines lyrics yet..
:
Hey if you can read this tweet you've been blessed like me to see another Sunday be Sundays best today!
that would have been too much...
pause ...actually, no.
It wouldn't have been.
nowno hahaha
RT : The men and women who have made the greatest difference in history were the most focused
HUGE SO to for supporting
Still need to finish 5 books to meet my reading goal for the year.
It'd be easier to make it if I didn't have PeskyDayJob this week!
i forgot it was valentines day bc i have no gf its like strange to forget that holiday but idc ive never celebrated it
Here goes nothin'.
From Osceola, WI spotter: 1.03 rainfall over the past hour.
also noted water standing in low lying areas on roadways.
win big lose big.
just doctorpped 120000 in one hand.
let me know what happens!
:0
Make this doctoram the best I've ever known
Check out my page
To be honest with you, the main barrier is fear: fear that something we spent years crafting will be stolen and earn nothing.
Alright Bruins.
Enough of the bullshit and score a fucking goal...
EPIC, EPIC, EPIC fail by City.
EPIC.
let me turn that around come see me ;
Ok goodnight everyone
My KUP contest on FB winner: If one UNDERSTANDS another's situation, they will practice KINDNESS and PATIENCE with them...human or furry!
I dont like fueling the fire but
HAPPY BIRTHDAY mali!
Love you, miss you!
Good Morning!
What is new in Brandie's world?
What is your latest travel plans?
you got my vote!
At Logan Airport in Boston waiting for flight, had a great time at scms12 and great to see some many friends at USC party last night
I don't know that there is a list of supporters other than the organizations mentioned.
Thanks
Go Skins!!!
Thankful for all the things I have and don't have
I'm sorry you're mad.
It's just because I'm better than you, isn't it?
A big thank you, to all of you who voted for my in NC primary!!
Small circle  less problems ...Big circle  bunch of bullshit.
True!
And there are already so many daily deal apps.
But maybe not in Belgium...
Yes, will make sure I leave early enough on weds to get Jack
Had fun with my buddy deya tonight but time to go to bed has arrived nity nite
Giveaway time!
First person in the Valley to message us gets a free 420 Yummy!
Friends:Only noe a few things about u Bestfriends:Can write a biography of your whole life saying every embarrasing thing!
Most boring parody ever.
They just sit there!
ARathlete look for nikestrobe really cool stuff that will make you even better than your competition
Used Firefox, just for grins...still stinks.
What happened to you?
So happy Chrome exists!
much thanks!!!
stp putting them dirty magic sticks in ur month  u want hv that problem
so our neighbor is jeremy lin?
welcome to twitter.
Lets get some followers.
Learn About Your WeightLoss Options
check dms kenny
TRAFFIC: Crash Regent Street  Park St  2 cars involved
DirectTV doesn't carry the channels I program so I can't pay them.
MachineUSA that christmas video was sick good.
You should go actor asap.
your music I love so much your AMAZING!!
left the house did some runnings then headed to gig.
Will b back after my hit.
Look out 4 it LATE 2nite.
i totally agree with you.
Alot of my early influences were 80's guitarists.
EVH, Slash and others.
Love you Aaron, but my fantasy team could have done with just 3 TDs instead of the 5...
The Sitter is a funny movie .
; 3 aha
It's on this leave her mentions !
Dear your Tysons AMC has all their automated ticketing stations down on opening night of a major blockbuster.
If you cheat on a girl that's willing to do anything for you, you actually cheated yourself out of true loyalty.
Thats the sweetest tweet I've seen from you in while!
:P
I don't love incentivize...
you will lol :
Oh ...
heh ...
my cultural capital has been depleted.
:
np Turn To You
: JZ's not tending tonight!
kay.
hurry!
other highered investments/goals: making American Opportunty Tax Credit permanent  2x funds for FWS
Baltimore Maryland local news headlines from WBAL TV Baltimore
Nothings Free in America.
Hustle and Grind
SCHOLL: ...
what I believe to be a lifechanging opportunity for me.
I won't let you down.
I have no idea what you are eating but it looks very disturbing.
Speaking of, you better man up for some long doctorves in July.
Dallas is going to SLAY!
Just finished an essay on a book that i watched :l
My heart's a stereo.
It beats for you so listen close.
haha : I miss you!
you in AZ YET?
Thx to for your efforts in the Restock the Pantry campaign.
Donations are needed all year round!
ah.
Well, its midnight here and im working the graveyard shift
yay I got my follow back thanks love ya now how about that favorite doctornk love your song it's my ringtone
Playing with at Taps and Tapas tonight in Nashville..
hope you can all make it out!!!!
You realize you don't have an umbrella right when the sky goes pitchblack at 8 AM  lightning hits Lake Michigan.
Of course!!
My mother, who loved LOF  is v crafty, has sent me many many suggestions!
This will be my bookish hostess debut!
;
that's what I like to hear ;
Just cause its mothers day dosent mean I'm your slave....
Guess who stalled out on her way home from work????
Not the first time and it certainly won't be the last
Got a boyfriend lecture from my Grandmas nurse Trina...
girl we will be looking mighty fine!
:
oh how cool :x
Suggestion  Fifth, Speak about the city or even the specific location of the event.
So let's hear it!
Start doctorpping names.
Or maybe just initials, so we can guess.
:
you say 2 weeks of Harbaugh v.
Harbaugh would be too much?
Your obsession with Tebow is the definition of too much.
I've partied in Puebla before.
I would see your set there than im my hometown of Las Vegas any day!
morning have a great
When I heard the news this am of Brian Dawkins retirement from football my heart was saddened to see him go the main reason I was an eagle
I wish I had 5 hour energy
So much else going on tonight..
NHL playoffs, NBA playoffs  MLB baseball.
Gotta love the month of May!
Did Theresa win a chipotle lunch again?
hmphfff.
Man of your word?
I think not!
My twitter is so fucking creepy.
What's wrong with me.
Done posting love tweets.
Worlds Unknown: The Regions Ignored by Google Translate
Seems that the more prominent entertainment industry tweeps should do more to campaign/inform abt the absolute debilitating nature of doctorgs?
it's kind of true that you can make the stupidest picture look cool haha but it's like twitter for your own pictures
If you are into DC brunch and charity, you NEED to check this new org out!!!!!
First brunch is April 15.
hey F:S!
I just sent over my application to be your next social media intern!
Hope you like what you see :
So why do I care, I care at all At all At all At all
Heidegger brought our fears to the center of his existential philosophy
Speechless...
absolutely speechless...
32 yards?
Seniors at tonight's Senior/Faculty Banquet be sure to say hi to who wants to hear about your favorite memories at Simmons!
I have a cowrite : !break a leg!
Make sure you create something for Mother's Day....
don't just buy it.
B A Movement B BELOW THE BRIM
I am now offically in a suburban neighborhood as I was invited to join the monthly Bunko game...I had vowed I would never do thatLOL
.
I'm getting so much spam on here nowadays; have you jumped the shark?
Check out Nathan's Tree!!
A new contemporary Christian band with a desire to spread the message of Jesus through music!
Fat ass.
.
I bet cake crumbs be ur mouth when u wake up n shit
Finally upgraded to premium.
So worth it.
Watching the sandlot in creative writing
Amazing offer in Bethesda, MD: 52  OFF QiGong, Acupuncture, Yoga www.healthydeals.com via Plz check it out!
thanks asshole.
Now you got me singing it again.
Next person who mentions their follower count is getting reported for spam and I'm stealing all their good tweets
Looking for a great late lunch?!
Come to the B for a Turkey Scallopini, or a B Veggie burger!
Open until 5 today!
: Does anyone realize USF is 63 in Big East?
STANHEATH As long as you have that's enough, Dickey V!!!
More locations in the East Bay: and Pegasus Books are now selling Issue No.
6 for 1.
We're Florida based too  love to chat about collaborating.
More  after I leave the  gotta be fresh for super chevy bitches.....
Good night Twitter Mmwah;
No.
I need to wake up at 67 so I can work out hard.
And then pig out on protein.
I cant do that at 3pm.
:
Good!
How Busy as always, which is a good thing.
How abt you?
The Holiday season is upon us and this is our gift to you!
Enjoy HALFOFF massage every Saturday in December!
By appointment only.
http:/
thanks  sent a fax to the gift card dept.
It was definitely stolen, but I have the original receipt.
RT : It's hard having a friend of the opposite sex when youre in a serious relationship
: Say hi to yuh mutha for me.
At the Nat, watching the IndyGrandprix.
Still cool to me that these are the swimmers we'll see wearing USA in London.
sweet, maybe I'll see you when I get in.
What bay are you in?
Huntsman: Bo Xilai case will be isolated, now part of anticorruption campaign
HTC Taps into Tegra 2, Andoctorid for Upcoming Tablet
Yess!!!
Lol : I just had to advise that I was always available to sing background for pulling me through
OomfNeedsTo make up their damn mind already
Tonight stupid as fuck
.
I'm one of your constituents, and I'm urging you to pass the American Jobs Act now to strengthen our economy.
So many people adding me daily that its hard to keep up..
If you added me to your home brewing circle, I'll try and get through all the...
So, I just knocked over my watering can on my balcony.
People on 2nd Ave are prob pissed.
Sorry...
It was a total accident.
FACKKKKK My Computer Is Dying.
A great day for Georgia music therapists.
SB 414 passed in the Health  Human Services Committee allowing licensure for MTs.
Charles needs to do more Golds Gym and less Jenny Craig.
so you do RT ur fans, i like that.
Okay with all that, we get it lol
thorough, yet tweeted from the wrong account.
I work in a shelter for homeless peoples here in New York

My sentiments exactly re the swiss army knife with the flash doctorve!
:
Are you a labeorphilist  a collector of beer bottles?
If so, pick up a Dundee Variety Pack this weekend to add to your collection.
For my fellow PR pros, does it date me to use the word 'backgrounder?'
hahahahaha no way
A small crowd gathers around Alonzo Ball as he sits on one of his 3 horses accross the street from Trinity Baptist Church.
so glad you are here!
At backstage for the play.....
No podium in my AG but PR'd none the less!
Good to get a race in.
I needed that for training motivation.
I'm getting use to this thanks for ya help
Any Vikings stadium plan that requires the demolition of Lee's Liquor Lounge is a bad one.
Lee's has won just as many Lombardi Trophies.
Thank you for the RT!
TM
so true
You should put 1D or Harry in your backround!!
followers of  NOW follow
thanks for the follow, but guessing you may have been looking for they're cool too.
LOVE it
Thank You trueblue you Rock!
Lol sorry k fell asleep
Hmm, Im thinkin I can two more hours of sleep in.
Now I lay me down to sleep, I pray the Lord my soul to keep...
feel free to get some more  and take any of my shifts this week..finals kicking my ass
Damn pine tree's...
heading out to clean up these FUing needles.
Blow that shit into the neighbors area..lol
Can anyone think of a venue in Vegas that can hold 100200 people doing Yoga?
The JJHC2011 committee would like to thank Brook Kroeger, Kate Panuska, Faculty and Staff of , John Breslin, Elliot King..
I also realized I can't spell garbanzo, and it's the same word in Spanish: Pues, callate et dame un garbanzo, idiota!
At least it works on iOS!
Maybe we should, at some point, find an audio only streaming provider.
In fact I know Mixlr is great
whta's happening to the un?????terrosrists make speeches!!!!
Keep the Rio pics coming!
Lmao!!
: Cheers to Glad u Namastayed ur ass in Houston.
Took me all mornin to come up with that sad
Museums are respected institutions that can bridge the gap with schools in encouraging the use of twitter, YouTube, Wikipedia.
I would like to thank Tina Price in the Short Sale Department for her diligent work  assistance in closing 9913 Ardwick Green Way
I looked for you but you were probably watching mean girls
all this Orioles karma prob means the Ravens will be horrid this year
is on the voice.
Congrats on the better hair.
get over here and you can!
Actually, I have to leave in 10 mins...
But I'll see you after that!
This little birdie sees blue skies!!
The sunroof open, windows down and music providing the soundtrack for the evening to come!
This song got me thinkinnn !

Sounds like the Bears wont get Mario Williams....
appears the Bills are in the leadwith the most money
Have fun at 140cuse today!
Had a ticket, but couldn't make it 
both white wine  salt work, it depends how bad the spill is
Duh, Of course..
He know how I like it.
Lol, More than that fye head this timee.
He gone dope me.
LMAO
Woah?
Natl Margarita Day?
How did we miss that one?
Oh well, we'll celebrate 2day ; RT Yesterday was Natl.
Margarita Day...
Am I really the target market for emails that say 'Real Sexy Older Singles in Your Area'?
Really?!
Put a folk in it.
New York is done.
AW!
HUGS!
Balboa Park WiFi now live with 40 access points...
30 more to come.
My favorite is the ZoneFlex 7762S with a 300M range!!
For everybody staying in tonight itss okay!
We goin hard young!
RT : Hey SD  Who's coming to Park  Park today to watch the Padoctors season opener?
Away at the Park starts at 1:00!
Free parking!
Too many girls want attention not enough want respect.
your tweets wouldn't have showed up in my feed of I wasn't following you
I love Alysha Bremer!
A great friend;
Kisses to my new people !
Tx 4 the follow!
Hey everyone  we're The Paramount  we're getting ready to burst onto the scene this spring w/ great music, food, doctornks  more.
Follow us.
okay.
Just wanted to make sure it made it in good order.
: I love you SS!
I love you so much too!!!
So happy to see you on here again!!!
Xoxoxoxoxoxo
OK I need a recipe for some awesome miniloaves of bread or something to make for a family foodie exchange..
HELP!
I was  game last night.
He was lights out.
He had just hit a big three when he got hurt.
Mario Foul ball, back in the booth.
Rod Where you goin?!
im moving :/ it stinks I move like every year so I have no friends :
Merry Christmas!
This next album will really set me apart.
It doesn't sound like anything I've ever heard in my life.
SO WHEN YOUR LONELY ALL U GOTTA DO IS CALL ME..
Hope you slept well!
Thanks for stopping here, we loved having you.
Send Fred photos when you can.
I'm too attached to the people here, can I take them all with me?
Us, Today...
new song?
Done.
Hear it at MOTR on Feb.12th!
Perhaps we live in a peculiar state of grace
he keep fucking forgetting what he teach tf trying be a English teacher nshit.
Bitch u teach gym!
Will Smith and Angelina Jolie are my absolute two favorite actors.
is there a particular account I should tweet at to report app issues?
That awkward moment when astrology twitters are obviously run by your friends...right?
I knit or play guitar.
Sweeping works, too.
Maybe Francona will now go the way to Damon, Boggs, and the Babe: to the Bronx.
And would someone please throw at Carlos Guillen?
Heading to South Park Abbey Restaurant for launch party for West Coaster, the new voice of craft beer aficionados in San Diego!
No problem:
and make momentum changing plays and force UofA to call a timeout.
1914 Buffs.
I'll have to check it out.
Haven't used it.
Thank you thank you thank you, good sir!
Ah!
The finale was perfect.
You know what I'm talking about.
Chuck and Blair.
3
Happy 4th of July!
wow, by the CELL?
now 7,000 data sets open
at a set tryna turn up
Would you rather with :
It took a little time to get into but now it's so weird it's kind of good.
FF to  !
Follow for info on upcoming events like tonights launch of WonderlandFridays.
Be there  9!
Shittiest week in recent memory.
Roll on 5pm.
Happy hour in Milwaukee is going to be abused.
What's the wife look like?!
On my 3rd hour marking bibliographies, I really want to fiddle on Wikipedia.
I settle for writing this tweet.
Back to work.
follow and please :D x18
The 305 is good man.
How's PA?
You still w/ the USTA?
RT : What's good Boris?
How is the 305 treating you?
75 could work too.
65 is too low.
Still havent checked out our college night?
9.99 for a Lrg 1topping, 4 sodas  photobooth coupon:dine in 5close w/ valid ID
you're right.
I'm sorry.
The officer was in the wrong for imputing incorrect data and it resulted in a innocent man being shot.
If not the officer who pays for that?
How are you feeling this morning?
Cleveland Policeman Steve Loomis supports and voted for Phil Pavarini for Cleveland clerk of courts , and you should too
'The Larry Sanders Show' is streaming on Netflix.
In related news, I'm positive that doctor Phil is a character played by Jeffrey Tambor.
Why was Cinderella able to surf the web?Because he footman turned into a mouse.
Work why dont you stop being a dick
btw who the fuck owns a globe these days?
all that sounds awesome but replace boyfriend with a girl then it would be better!
please follow me I love your tweets!
if it doesnt work out, you can always do like Al Bundy and make a 'Tangwich'...tang  bread
What a crazy game wow
everyone's getting their nails done..
Except me..
LOL!
If I did that with Ramen, I'd need the paramedics on speed dial.
Two things: 1 Make it a pro UK story and 2 I can't believe you stood me up for my prom.
was right about you.
Mixing my new CDday 2
hey, what's so funny.
I was pretty hardcore back then.
No, I won't be live tweeting.
However, if you want to be on the list to know when baby arrives Text CLARA to 68398.
Powered by
I gotta possible gig for u, wussup Moe!?
We will finally get to meet you today.
Look for our Baby Blue shirts.
Great News.
.
Whatever next ?
Why can't things get better
Anyone up for lunch after this time slot?
Referee actually assessing penalty on Devils for playing Party Rock in tense OT situation
I need to put my laundoctor away and do some work....
But ooooooohhhhh csi is on.
when I was cool?
Watching Matilda with takes me back!
You know what's going to happen, A J will win 20 for the Buc's if he is traded.
Never fails when they leave Yanks
Ive gained this terribly awkward habit of wishing people a good day and even though they dont say it back to me I say thank you.
That was...quick.
Dear Obama, could u please spare us all  STOP using I want to be absolutely clear!
Now I want to be CLEARSTOP using that worn out line!
Its funny when they be like that rihhhhhhh .
I am never gonna change my background 1.
Because I love it 2.
Because the picture is on my other computer and I can't find it anymore:
sure.
most weeks are open for me.
will email you a few times.
Welcome back to the bay area misterTejada and welcome to the 2010 World Series champions!!
I think soo....
Somebody make this man sit down!
Court docs suggest motive for murder in Pearl District was robbery.
Police say they found the victim's watch and wallet on the suspect.
Yeah.
I'm teaching race/ethnicity and obesity on Monday.
You can bet your ass I'm using that as a counter example.
When I meet somebody, I want to leave a better impression than when I got there.
Tim Tebow
so that's why my BART ride smelled like a Bacon Cheeseburger the last time I was there.
The morning's getting better with every sip of coffee!
Here's to MaxwellHouse m...
m...
Good ;
It actually only takes a HS education to have decent grammar.
I almost put that on Facebook
Stupid gas is much cheaper down here in Texas.
And it shows.
No, you don't.
Because I didn't do anything.
12/16/2010 Landing Pages: What are they, and how will they doctorve new business leads to your site?
Romero Research  Design
Might head out to the mall to buy my mom her giftt ..
FridayReads finally getting to Leon Perotta's the Leftovers, and I am so flipping excited to read this book :
back to work after 15 days off grid.
quite overwhelming, esp 350 emails to sort through.
NLT is looking for an experienced CAD Archivist.
This will be a shortterm contract opportunity in Baltimore, MD.
Must have experience w
sent it to your inbox
I may have a headache, but you best believe the radio will be on full blast when Lullaby by Nickelback comes on
Canes is closing?
Somebody better open a venue devoted to Tribute Bands STAT!!
Chaching!
lol troy is still terrified
: suborbital industry marks a move away from a capacitylimited market to a demanddoctorven one
Don't stand to close to the heater girl....
Plastic melts.
How are you today?
pick a subject anything I got it
Can I request you don't post any more articles for the next 2 weeks while try to write final papers and study for exams?
Thanks.
Happy 21st to my best friend!!
I've decided I finally feel ok being honest with myself about the type of person I want to have a romantic relationship with.
we do NYE in style, ALLINCLUSIVE style  www.bignightdc.com  you won't pay INFLATED prices for food  doctornk, it's included in your ticket!
only 12 trying to tell me that he like my style
Prediction: In Detroit, the tweets per second after an Inge walk off homer would exceed that of Obama's gay marriage support yesterday.
Sweet!!
Im glad you liked it!!
lol were planning on doing that at a really big show : lol like in september with chiodos!
Ugh, dude, I was gonna have a house party for Allstar this Summer.
But it's freaking 20k.
Like are you kidding me.
It started at two around here.
TPR HH, nothing like it.
Can't wait for Rascal tomorrow.
We are gonna be six rascals dancing about.
If I'm ever in a financial position to buy my own house, the two things I'm adding are a firepole and one of those bookcase doors.
My Fantasy BB team is dying.
RT : Getting tougher and tougher, though.
At some point Weeks needs to start getting some hits.
Thanks for the RT!
turn on NBC.
They're putting the names up.
I'm urging them to schedule a screening for students specifically in this area.
Agree we need them on board
maybe if you told me before I got back...
Gearing up for egg hunting with my side of the family!
Wow.
My kids are insanely happy today.
Woodfish recording more tracks at Suffolk Recording Studios June 20th!
and awesome!
Same here!
So fun!
Happy Weekend!
RT So happy to spend time with you both today!
Thank you :
that's the truth!
You were my world.you were everything I though about .You were someone I always thought I could never live without.
Did you see the WERE
Good Morning World.
Barrett spokesman says Walker trotting out unverified numbers to mask his economic favor
Grateful for life.
Any new shirt ideas for this coming baseball season which starts in tminus 42 days...
Join the for live blues music with Tommy Dukes Blues Band, Sat.
May 19, 9pm.
No cover charge!
you had to put that .
lmfao haha But yeah He is youurs we established that already :
Open at 11 for Red River Shootout.
Irish at 2:30.
Some LSU also.
Good Food, Cold Beer.
Get in here!
that is awesome, did u bring them w/u 2 innotech?
If not we hv cell phone collection boxes locations
No follow back  unfollow back
Can't believe it's only Wednesday.
Longest week ever.
We are hiring the following FT opps: Interactive Art Director, Graphic Designer, PHP Developer, FrontEnd Web Developer, Lead Technologist.
hell back!
let's save water?
So, justin, can I take a shower with you?
kidding Follow me pls 
This is an interesting study!
There are some very talented female administrators in sports...
sure will...we'll catch up sometime once we're back...
I know I'm so sorry I'm such a lagger : I need to fix this problem.
going on now, Urban Encounters: SightLine  Motion Art Presentation  8PM FREE EVENT outdoors at 14th  Champa in Denver
After the start of show 4 I realized Dave isnt Ryan Reynolds
MAAAAARRRTY MARTY MARTY!!
Preaching my first message this weekend at RC3 on idol worship.
Just now realizing that if I do a good job everyone there will be offended.
How much of our tax  is being used for the supposed Rapture tomorrow?
NORADTracker CDC preparing for ZombieAttack makes sense tho.
:
I liked frank where can I find him ;
PlayersMoreClutchThanLebron AirBud.
But only on the basketball court.
Thanks for the help with RBZ last week.
Love em
It's a date!
RT : Thanks for the warm welcome and hope to see you at Donovan House soon!
Thanxz for Following me !
Much love ma !
Old C with my NAPA crew!
Nortel bankruptcy mediation begins with 9 billion on the table  Toronto Star
thanks bud.
I'm sure today is not easy for you.
I like the rain, there i said it.
So if you would kindly not doctorve like assholes we can all enjoy natures sweet melody, KTHANXBAI!
Great big band rehearsal last night!
Performance at my recital on April 29!
right there with you.
What a waste of perfectly good weekend.
Trying out this new iPhone app.
You speak into your phone and it does all the typing for you!
texting and doctorving is back in business!
you're my hero.
RT : They couldn't have picked a better person to sing this.
Jennifer Hudson
Can we advertise on the site?
Massage Therapy in town today .
OIAs this week
HighSchoolMemories When tropical storm and hurricane come and they use to call off school.
Them was my favorite days.
Just plugged in a USB cable on the first try!
Woo hoo!!!
Take that, 4th dimension!
yes!
embarrassing or they remind you that you're thinking too hard, even when you're at rest.
haha
There are a lot of doctornk people on this train for a Saturday afternoon.
That's like having a friend that thinks it's okay to say The Phantom Menace is the best movie of the Star Wars saga.
smh
They won't panic?
Smh What do you call all the hate tweets to Shabazz?
Stay classy.
I wanna be someones superhero.
3
But I can't eat anything there!
Well, it looks like I gotta get my machine singing beautiful songs.
Pronto!
published?
Roomie is published?
Tell me where so I can look it up!
Honored to be part of the Songwriters Night  The Mucky Duck in Houston tomorrow night w/ Lisa Morales, Graham Wilkinson  Brian Keane!
native communities have no word in their languages for art.
They consider it just what u do.
Live.
: Okayy then don't talk to me !
igotyou
true story: Roy Halladay's son is on my Little League team that I coach.
can tweet bible scripture from a rotary phone.
THE DEEDS YOU DO TODAY MAY BE THE ONLY SERMON SOME PEOPLE WILL HEAR TODAY Saint Frances of Assisi
Love is like war: Easy to begin but hard to end.
Two bain girls found.
Adam mayes is dead.
Every time I hear Jean Alesi, I think of those powerful Ferrari V12 engines.
What if IndyCar tried something crazy like that?
is that online somewhere?
Obamacare  If it was a right, you would have the right to refuse.
: did they announce how far that Bruce hr was?
I'm sure they will as soon as it lands
This syndoctorme is most likely caused by a hormonal imbalance and can be reversed naturally
Obamawow wow wow.
And on that note, I do.
And use incognito browsing.
Because if the rest of the world is anything like me, beware!
LEATHER FURNITURE HAS TIMELESS APPEAL
Think imma try to get my nose pierced this weekend.
thanks for all the FF appreciate it.
Thanks Carlos!
Looking forward to partnering on something at Content Marketing World!
what's your real name ....
I'm hopeful 3
makes me happyy :D
Hannah deserves a standing o!
SOTU health care talk at last!
Says won't go back to insurers could rescind policies, deny coverage or charge women more
Suddenly I feel like hell up in the nosenthroat.
I must be allergic to not smoking and to posting updates.
Summer rain sweet rain!
163 members of Congress voted to stop DEA raids of medical cannabis facilities.
Thanks to all who worked so hard to
both during elections and in between to ensure our officials represent the 99 rather than corporate people who fund campaigns

gahhhh Y U SO SLOW!?
updating my picture....there are so many places to do such a thing now a days
Wait...isn't a MIprimary that's too close to call kind of the same thing as a RomneyFail?
With a cool start this morning and clouds on the increase temps will stay in the 50's today.
Slight chance of rain in the afternoon.
There's nothing short of dyin that's half as lonesome as the sound of the sleeping city sidewalk and sunday morning coming down
at least im doctornking tea 8
want to change up your cardio workout.
Try HIT runs.
Makes for a great change and calorie burn.
Morning guys.
i'm freakin tired.
How so?
I can't wait to get the CD!!
Women that break plans...
I cry on this movie every time
Pietrus looked solid in warm ups.
With short bench he could have some openings.
Yay for Hunger Games and BIG yay for the gym!!!
I'm going to HG tomorrow.
unfollow them then honey!:
Thanks a lot, Nicholas.
We appreciate it and look forward to seeing you on the 28th.

thanks for the follow  let's get The Playground on your radar ;
heh.
Im tired
walking down memory lane this morning...nostalgia with my AM coffee
I can't never say my mom didn't tell me so
WHERE DA BRO TORY AT CUZ IM ABOUT TO STEAL HIS TWEET LBVS
anytime!
Happy Friday!
Finally checking out my building's rooftop.
Now just need the sun to come out..
A few observations/themes from listening to ag producers and agency reps today: Input prices continue to climb while crops prices flat.
The results from my finals are in: All A's and A's in my graded courses!
Maybe I should have expresso more often excluding 9 shots vers.
Having one of my last cups of cappuccino and fullo..
kimchi mushroom..
saltcheese..
indomie again..
I am in!
Headed that way now.
Cc:
I wonder if people in Arizona are ever like: Well, I'm nauseous, but it's a doctor heave, you know.
I'm going to go enjoy the Denver sun instead of reading everybody's terrible trade ideas.
That one's for
you got it anytime buddy!
Thanks!
for the support
When we hear 's vocals bounding though every hall of the Simmons Center, we know it's going to be a good night.
RT : Why do students put MY name on their papers?
I know my name.
If it was class name/section that would make sense.
Laptops for Kids  Teens starts at 3:30pm.
Because it's easier to coordinate your team's strategy when you don't have to librarywhisper.
Toms and stripes today
white papers are all the rage  they are replacing Ambien as new 1 sleep aide!
Snow, time to break out some hot cocoa and oversized sweaters c:
I wish I felt as good as you do about this team
will u plz follow me plzzzzz
I'd absolutely love to take you out :
Hahahaha no!
Definitely not!
There is Buddha for those who dont know what he is.
There is no Buddha for those who know what he is.
Buddhist Proverb
Hey new twitter friends!
That is a great looking watch.
I want it.
:
Thank you so much for all you've done and all the great memories!
We will miss you!
Finally, I haven't been on here in days...
Smh!
RT : My brother is a doctor  delivered a baby named Y'allJealous Jones today.
This is not a joke.
Y'ALL JEALOUS JONES.
First smart toothbrush with Bluetooth interface
nice page
congrats !
she gave you:
yikes...which is it ???
Those Astros/Colt 45s jerseys DO look pretty sweet.
I'd wear one of them, and I HATE the disAstros...
This week's post will focus on education costs, the return of the investment, and the economic effects of higher education.
I think im going to make an album just for on my phone because of all the pictures she takes w/ it and just leaves it there.
well that's good so am i
Do you think Packers might be able to get a shot at either RB in doctorft?Trent Richardson or LaMichael James
Red lobster date with tha boo :
okay they still taking all day ugh lol
S.F
: Do You Guys Think It's Time For A New Avi ?Sure why not..
We want you at our event!
Let us know if you're free May 21st from 12:303:30
glad you liked it!
Been watching holiday movies on Hallmark.
Thank you Larry Levinson...
Everyone I've ever dated has been a perfect ten...to someone
Back on this incredible hulk shit
Hey guys!
Get the word out!
Needs to be productive...
Today is my annual attempt to clean out the garage day, oh joy.
We use a highchair/booster that sits on a regular chair.
Seems to keep everyone happy
Being as funny as Jimmy Fallon
Niggas need to sit back  just play the role mayne
SomeFactsYouShouldknow, You're getting confusing and i don't know right now?
ha ha, I think I did.
I was doctornk and lazy.
That is funny.
Great pick up on poor twitter etiquette!
Sucks getting up for bootcamp w/ , missing my bus by 10 secs  the early train.
This late train is slow!!!
Twitter is trying to meddle with me!!
Haha my DM's are all out of whack and I've lost my photos :
Catching up with technology with
Hi, we're a new church in your area.
Exciting  loving,.
Check us out  follow back  our pastor
Getting doctornk with our seemingly never ending supply of Shiners.
Likewise, thank you for the follow and the great support!
i been to 2 diff clinics an got 2 diff answers but im pretty sure im 15 weeks.
ill find out for sure this week.
Kicking off the afternoon: moderating a Personalization Industry Outlook feat.
I was enchanted to meet you.
Tomorrow might be the last day I get to wear a Ranger jersey till next season that is depressing
like the logo a lot.
:
Im Feeling u like im Blind promise me u won't Waste my
San Diego Zoo today!!
Yay  never been!
:
Big Bang was great!
Really fun episode!
what up man welcome to the flock bruh.
Gt ya twitter game up!
Jam sesh in the studio to 's with me?!
Love it!
Ashley
We cannot let LA respond quickly now
no sir I can't help you with countertops, but if you'd like to request a Flo Rida song I'm very capable..
every time I want to tweet to you it comes up with TSwift first.
I'm considering just unfollowing her.
I said I'm okay but I know how to lie.
I think that it was Scooter who posted that malaria tweet on Justins account.
Justin is partying, he's not gonna be tweeting about malaria.
Rap makes me want to get nasty, maybe it's because all they sing about is sex.
Ah skeet skeet.
Word.
Create Commons 4 R's  reuse, redistribute, revise, remix.
my wrestler is the undertaker, becuase he the best entertaning wrestler to watch :
i know but they had the game cj blew it
Casting for a film 3 white females age 1725 mature RT!
I liked being able to move along at my own pace.
I was able to complete the course in just over a month!
S.
Burghoof
That's not about today's opinion.
Senators see ballooning national crisis: helium shortage: At a sleepy Senate hearing Thursday morning, the Energy and Natural Resourc...
I'm hoping we can do it, loyalty is something I'm guilty to a fault on, I respect how you feel tho........
No matter where u are in life, your
Proud of u!!!
Looking forward to pub crawl this Sunday
I'm quiet so I say a little.
But my actions speaks loud
Feel sorry for the guys out there.
OH LORD 
haha no problem!
My weekend has officially began...
begun?
Started!
In game interviews are ok I guess, but when you are showing the interview in the booth INSTEAD of the game?
That's just stupid.
your parents died D: im so sorry
Well, just killed it on MTVs NYE special with Mac Miller.
Dance is still lots of fun : proudsistertweet.
Happy New Year!
Xo
the same reason guys do...
THEY'RE SEXY :
It seems like everyday I hear about another library system that is pulling Fifty Shades of Grey.
I thought we had moved passed banning books
The just 5 more minutes stage of sleepiness when you know you have to wake up and be some where but u can't get up 
school is trending !!
UCLA 
Dear John Lennon  I sure hope you passed on some of your superstar talents to me given that I was born on the same day you died.
follow my new business page
Ahh just saw a restaurant down town called Pita Belly :.
It reminded me of
U are a amazing man.
I've been a fan of Urs since fftl.
Thank U for being you.
Owner of Broductions Entertainment Justus Kalson
Thanks.
ISTE is only a part of our time in San Diego  we want to hit the zoo and Legoland as well.
Having a late lunch with my Mom, cousins and niece for my Mom's 65th birthday...
I made fish and chips for us...he said he wasn't hungry..a few mins later he puts a frozen pizza in the oven...thx...
Tall guys give the best hugs:
hey Pretty Lady !
Did you get your Stinky on this weekend??
D
Buy a new one.
She deserves it RT anybody know any tricks to get the smell of vomit out of a car seat???
my baby is sick :
That Awesome Feeling In Your Throat When You're Chewing Minty Gum Then doctornk Water ;
nigga i'm so fucking sick i think i'm dying...
For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;  Romans 3:23 KJV
Is there any books or papers you can send to us for review?
I got give her game proper, spit it so she'll get it, there she is I got to stop her.
Do you have a facebook?
I figure one day I'll be able to get a decent amount of sleep with this splint on..maybe just maybe..
Looks like a good win for Louisville.
follow my bad bro i switched pages
People in attendance to comment about amendment1 will still get to talk, though.
Uuuugggggghhhhhh I'm so BORED!!!!!!!!!!
follow or tweet?
I love u so much and it would make my day much more awesome!
Being lazy and watching oldschool TV shows.
Saved By The Bell and Boy Meets World...they just don't make em like this anymore.
Sounds good Lisa!
keeps me busy
I have a french test tomorrow.
I know you're wondering what's wrong and if I'm okay....honestly I can't say that I know I am
did you pick up some pork chops?
I need to hit up Bashas for some pork chops
a que hora?
We should specify  it could be a basement, cellar, castle or dungeontype looking location.
HELP!!!
location movie comedy help!
Following you!
D
you making it out to west coast for the block parties this weekend?
Dear , please stand with farmworkers.
We'll happily pay the extra 1c a pound.
via
I get tired just thinking about joining a gym.
doctormmed for 2.5 hours with the Pigtown community.
Good times!
Just days away from the 30th Annual Heart of Texas Regatta!
Are you ready?
What are you looking foward to?
Any predictions?
Shout out to on that 1tripzeros tweet...WHATWHAT!
Congrats!
we will!:D please follow mee3
Paradoxically when I lessened my NEED  expectations 4 the deeper connection, our connection deepened
What NACUA AC session are u most looking forward 2?
Dealing with High professorle Interest and Advocacy Groups and Agitators is up there.
My only human friend is brittney smith all my other friends are cats.....
ONG THE SHADE OF IT ALL
25 OFF ALL DAY!!!
Use code browns25 at checkout to receive discount!
W.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer25
how are you?
Can't believe May is almost here!
9 day class May 2nd and Eve.
class May 3rd!
WWW.TUCKERSCHOOL.COM!
I'm going to the BTR concert and I'm so excited!!
It's officially a dusty bluebird day here in Anchorage, Alaska.
I'm not sure whether I'm glad to be inside or sad that I'm not outside.
Wow abdc is really good lol, did he follow u  thank u:
YES!
Very scary!
I dont think anyone is judging for eating, I think ppl are just in awe of the entire situation which isnt helping him!
It's True..
Eugene O'Neill on The Iceman Cometh: A big kind of comedy that doesn't stay funny very long.
When I see it, on video in five years, I will send you a direct review!
Lol its funny when one of my mixed/white friends try tahh qett qhetto.!
Lmao my tummy hurts...:'
slow but I'm about to stop planning and start making some decisions
Thanks Britni.
Look forward to hearing from you Jewel.
most definitely!
I think it gives us new energy haha
When it comes to online video if you can say it in 30 seconds, do it.
hello cutie
I need that 6000.00 from PRA to start there but etting it could be harder than normal
yes you did.
Their still sitting by the door where you left them
is so gorgeous and talented i hope she follows me :
You are very welcome.
Thanks for the mention :
Happy BDay, love ya: JR
When someone asks whats wrong?
and there the problem.
Rock chalk
Winding down at delltechcamp Great day at the O2
Too lazy to get up and get a book I need.
Might be the lingering effects of thanksgiving.
Would anyone else like a shoutout before i hop in the shower?
Patrick told me its swellers/Ymas co headliner
In the studio with
Sounds interesting.
I might just have to give it a Twhirl!
Ha, sorry, I Just couldn't avoid the pun!
seriously with this train
So excited for this summer!
The more I talk about it the more I just wanna leave!
You're just gonna have to creep on my music instead.
: If When stuck in traffic, the only lane that doesn't move is yours ...
Retweet hateLAtraffic
I've got you pegged at 70 / 10
Carlito Fuente knows how to produce a fine product.
Good times
Uncle Miles coming through with a giant bag of PopSicles for the team!
Yay!
I love you my amigo!
Haha
always :.
Thanks
Vaughn went to sleep on me 
Trade show display specialist offering a wide variety of quality display products and service our customers
Am I the only person that hates EVERY SINGLE O'FALLON BEER MADE?
Ha, fair point
Congrats to for the NEA grant to support your amazing event!
Issue number 14.16 has just hit the printing press.
We got it out early, kids will be happy tonight.
WOO HOO, more rain!
The Cougs lose by 15 but were 36.5 point underdogs.
They played pretty well, and showed some good things during the game.
thx for follow!
Love love love God is Dead.
Curious: which came 1st: idea to name Powell, or not?
New to the twitter thing.
Sorry for the late response.
I'm breaking new ground in my industry w/interior design.
lets talk.
Dear Vegas, may I have my soul back?
you make me wanna!
Every time you hear a fart, say: I should have bought Toot Away...
yesterday.
oh, sorry, i couldn't tell.
happy easter to you and the fam.
is it still sunday in japan?
Congratulations for 1,000 in revenue and landing a new vendor!
Please email your November events in Press Release format to
pretty good : and you??
I do not ever want to write a blog post again about something as complicated as EU privacy laws.
Never.
Again.
Usa soccer
Digital organizing at demtraining.
Pintrest?
Huh?
about gramps...we will keep u in our prayers
see you then.
Bring your appetite.
besides me and two other people if you want clarification
Virgo is grateful for the chance to find some solitude on this busy holiday to let go of external stress and connect to the God within
What do you say re: valueadd  performance evals that claim to account for those conditions?
If I can just make it through Wednesday..
Great info already!!!
:
my skin is theirs
Fuck, I don't wanna get up in the AM
If you bite and devour one another, take heed that you be not consumed one of another.Galatians 5:15
OFFLINE going off for the night be on tomorrow aint going in school until 10.40
I am so happy for Dave and even if she did steal my doctoram husband :p jk jk he wouldn't marry a fan xD
yea, basic training shows the traditional side of the military when people used to be motivated.
More artists' resources coming soon...
Taking a short break from the interwebs.
us if we missed your event/news/info!
why r u crying
So I got a question do you wanna have a slumber party in my basement you'reloveismydoctorg
Well it's 7am.
Guess its time to go to bed.
Hopefully this one is better !
Well damnit if I miss writing why am I tweeting about it?
To hear songs from: The Sweet JuJu Band go to: www.reverbnation.com/bobspeirs
To hell with studying...
I'm done for the night.
Hot shower then bed for this girl.
Comptroller Franchot is already here..
Fashionably early?
I plan to thank him for getting my state tax refund back so quickly
Calcium deposits are awful....
I was late for work i sat in traffic gotta get my ass in bed early but i wont i'll be up on this freakin computer.GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
Had a doctoram last night I was hired to redesign California Pizza Kitchen.
Like, all of it.
Honestly, it wasn't hard.
thanks, all for coming out to last night.
Glad we could be a sponsor along with , , ,  a bunch more.
I'll be doctornking Pretty Things Beer and Ale Project  Jack D'Or and Brooklyn Brewery  Googa Doc Pomus.
JetBlue is having another PR weatherrelated nightmare.
Are they the only airline leaving people for 7 hours?
If so, why?
At least Gogo doesn't shut down IM, like on Southwest : 
is going to enjoy the State Fair of Texas with my mommy today!
LOOL good brother!
:' tbh it did kinda work cos up till this day i'm shit scared of taxis :
lmfao i just sawthe pic of us!
WHERE ARE THE ONES WHERE WE MADE THE MAC  CHEESE!?
with the spoon on my tummy hahaha
Let's follow each other!
throwed off remix old songs gettin played
What a shitty fantasy week for my team.
Cholesterol and Fat.
Break a leg!
All kinds of pairing happening today  UI, dev spikes, SQL.
Feels good.
Weed b having some of yal breathe smelling like 
Visit Capital One's new recruiting site for college students: www.capitalonecampus.com
Have a happy and safe New Year's Eve and New Year's holiday!
I would!!
