Alaska gives TransCanada OK to shift attention  CBS News
thanks for letting me follow!!
Keep it real out there yo!!
Enter your email for promotions and news about events and new products before everyone else!
W.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com/NEWSLETTER
The Age of Impressionism: Great French Paintings from the Clark ...
RT : The violence and destruction caused by SeaMayDay is embarrassing.
The right to protest is no excuse for this.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day.
Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
fact:my grandma posed as mister.October for Playboy in their college girl calendar when she was 21.
and she jst gave me her playboy necklace :
thats still my girl, but shit ..
there should be two copyright notices at bottom of photo as well
morrell's have one down how is TDF?
it is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.
General Douglas MacArthur
My Christmas present for today..
Heat game :
good night!!..
have a nice sleep...
;
: glad to know we are on the same page
oh oh reaally, why thank you
What if i come to your house and do it?
Me too!
Now if it could stay warm/hot long enough for me to wear them...
Sorry if some of you are getting multiple emails from us containing news letters.
Testing out a new system!
Just another week and two more losses until possibly Greg Holland is the closer.
When people dont answer the phone after they done blew me up all day..this mean as feeling comes over me and I be pissed
What a CRAZY BUSY day  we have the coolest wine club members!!
Unique Sauvignon Rocks!!
very cool, thanks for dining with us this evening you all rock the house
4th Tuesdays I live for the rare moment I can NTT and can't.
Tonight it was being able to Name That Tune.
point :
I am a huge fan of Pulse app on iPad, check it out
and then u will update itunes?!?
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others.
Audoctory Hepburn
I want this day to be done.
People stop Calling my dam work phone please
So much is inside my little head.
Who can I talk to?

Mission: To be excellent in everything and to everyone.
thank you for the inspiration and the share!
If you have other projects we shld highlight let me know :
It's here, it's here, it's finally here...
TRR's Twitter interview w/ today, Monday at 9pm EST/6 PST.
DON'T MISS IT
GWAS or speak English with my mom
Too many people buy things they dont need, with money they dont have, trying to impress people they dont even like.
Come on Live a little!!!!
well download the mixtape friday
Sounds like a solid and familiar strategy
The feeling when u hope what u r doing is right...
And thats the thingif you know exactly where you would like to go, you can contact people offering home swaps in those locations
: wonder is is rushing back home so she can witness Charles Manson's parole hearing Witness?
No.
Partake.
Yes!!
we will be there!!
Stop by and get a great cheesesteak and a cool Italian Ice!!!
hush for I eff u up
Bought to show yall how to ghost ride the whip.
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE!!!
:
Ever had that feeling when your hungry but don't know what to eat?
Come in and enjoy a burrito or two ;
If I were a billionaire I would have free quitsmoking resorts where people stay for 10 days poolside WITHOUT cigarettes!
They'd all quit!
Darn, will be the same weekend as the again this year.
Decisions, Decisions!
You looked better on myspace.
Currently obsessed with the international tour of Cinderella with Lea Salonga.
inspiring 
THE MADNESS!!
He conquered death!...
Happy Easter everyone, have a blessed day.
you say it so well I can't wIt untill your on the top
RT More than 13.5 percent of black population are now considered extremely poor  a rate three times higher than that for whites.
I'm gonna make myself the best and you can watch
hey Tim, any WALK peeps looking to minister to youth  tour the US next year?
I've got a ministry opportunity if they're game!
Congrat!!
To my cousin Winter Starr Williams graduating from University of Memphis.
grrr no coming back for easter?
What surgery is next?
for sure!
things are starting back up for me music wise, was kinda slow but now im finishing up a mixtape prod.
by myself!
:
RT : Travel FW, collect stamps  support local biz to win a free or heavily discounted ticket to this year
ff if you like to have your life enriched
Surf tomorrow at 9am w/ all the  surfers
All Bed Head makeup is 50 off at SBS!!!
Listening to some Monica ....she b talkin to me with this album
Iv Been Out Here All Day  Ii Finally Found My doctorss.
Happy.
I just had a commission and the customer wanted me to donate the 20 to you which is 40 for !!!
Just because someone feels it or thinks it doesnt mean that we are supposed to go down that road.
Marcus Bachmann on being gay.
that is awesome lol
what a pleasure to work with you again.
The band is hot!
Saving the Gorilla's....1 at a time
Just changed my interest...
for real thoe.
Shawn, the game will start on PDX 49 if baseball isn't over.
Please spread the word.
Working on our website
: Executive chef doing coke off the reservationist in his office.
kitchenpetpeeves
just a friendly good morning
happy early birthday boo!!!
We promised there'd always be times/ when the sky was perfectly lucid,/ that we could remember each other through that.
James L.
White
Just remembered it is Friday the 13th today.
I'm a little bit superstitious about this day since I had a really bad one a few years ago.
My son lucked up and got two parties thanks to the pool being closed 2days b4 the party...
Now this party is for the ones who didnt make it
He thinks I'm crazy already !!
Reed Johnson: That's not a goatee, that's an infestation.
thank you Sage!
nothing home w/ lil mans
congrats my brother.
What an accomplishment.
Celebrar anoche?
See.
Told ya so.
I'm glad to hear you use them!
I tested 3 pair yesterday  settled for the Pierre Cardin make.
Prepping for tonights Bucks / Heat game, let's get this win!!!
Cant believe kiss 108 just played old All American Rejects
Ana Sui's target collection inspired by Gossip Girl hits stores on Sept 13!!
Just in time for the season premiere on Monday!!
XOXO
Which Pace event should we give tickets away to next...?
Another exciting meeting of the AmazingMilwaukeeRace task force, this is going to be an amazing day.
what's up homegirl ain't seen you in like 7years Smh
We have some great goodies on sale come check them out and enjoy some Cha Cha Tea samples too!
PLAN: Go to school looking like shit tomorrow.
and show up to prom looking AHH mazing
if I can help someone reach a goal then I'm all about it.
No problem.
i tried not to turn that song off after the vocals came in but it was impossible.
Happiness is not a state to arrive at, but a manner of traveling.
Margaret Lee Runbeck
Gasbag of the day:
judges my wrist tattoo, but I love her all the same.
See you tonight?
Woo hoo, we made it!
Same to you, Todd!
RT happy Friday Rebecca!
Have a great weekend!
In fact, the original iPhone is thinner than both the 3G and 3GS.
It is also the most durable iPhone to date.
FF our amazing lineup tonight!
Go White!!
GO STATE!!!
The bay side of the island is completely under water.
It looks like an absolute war zone
Let your smile change the world.
Don't let the world change your smile.
Having a great sales day in Michigan...
Can't Wait Till BGC Mexico Comes Out OMG , Hope There Dont Be No Mexican BITCHES
way to go girl!
That is definitely a feat!
Yeesh, Chris Bosh out the rest of Series...Celts might be beast of East.
Hello Saleena, we have been at the top of hiring in Boston for 42 years you can send me your resume:
Who!
I'm a contributing member of society and stuff!
By which I mean a paid one!
Trying out the new Twitter for Blackberry app.
Show me your Teeth.
Can I have a Browns fan make a legit argument for taking the most interchangeable position in football 3rd  a guy older than me at 22?
Can we get a RT for 1/2 Price Margarita day Madison?
favorite line  it's too late...
it's too late!
smbmad  making choice between twitter or FB?
where R UR customers  who are they.
Music changes during the day  well as Social content
I got a26 On Yo Bitch Is that Good for her Mom house
Thinking of my sisinlaw and her hubby as they travel thru India  more in the weeks and months to come...
Miss you guys!
May day is my day!
Thanks for all of the information team!
This was an insightful webinar
your a dumb ass.
FUCK YOU BITCH.
no more ghetto dancing to the motto.
FOR YOU.
BECAUSE IM SEXY WHEN I DO THAT.
LEGAL FORMS SITE, ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM, BUY OUR 100 LEGAL BOOK SERIES ON AMAZON.COM FOR ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
we miss George too!
Why are they called nonstop flights?
Don't you want your flight to eventually stop at your destination??
deepthought 
are you protesting?
no.
so stfu.
There is a crock pot of veggie garbanzo soup going in my kitchen so I can have a healthy lunch for at least the next two days.
Bump up the volume on ur Halloween, get ur fierce makeup!
Booking now for Fri  Sat costume makeup appts.
Inbox me!
awesome meeting you too!
We hope to come back soon!
I totally see Cecily doing this for karaoke with a Tiffany backup dancer situation.
Religion and sciencemarching closer together?
This theory offers one possible explanation.
The Holographic Universe by Michael Talbot.
sounds boring
Its obvious that you guys are going to win your the best and I'm voting for you because I like you  told me2
tickets go on sale tommaro.pray that i get them
heading in to to get some media plans ready for a client meeting!
no.
has the 11/16 and I gotta give him his 3/4 back.
awww were you sleeping again ;o
How are state fans tlkn shit??
When was the last time yall was ever in the elight 8
I know.
So good home at watch your tool show
Who knew in 1825: U.S.
House of Representatives elected John Quincy Adams president after no candidate won a majority of electoral votes.
me and are dying to know, what is your favorite adele song?!?!?
:D
good morning
BusinessBudTPA follow to learn more about the new Business Buddies Tampa Bay!
: I call BS on claim that there are Texas counties w/o a DPS office until he provides a link.
TheFive //good call
I goots to tell you somethin;
Thank you!
I miss you.
Life is hell but let's eke out some time to talk.
Distance is challenge, but not impossible..
6 I guess, might leave a bit earlier!
So tired!
Inhaling coffee atm...boo!
precious i dnt know you any more
They lost lost 7 starters on O and D.
I think they're top 3 on talent alone but USC brings back more and a better QB.
Uhmmmm didn't I freaking asked, how's the weather in NY?
thanks, looking forward to hearing about the what's going on.
marketing lifeguards old Democratic idea!
Damn richpublicans
why so?
A census taker once tried to test me.
I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice Chianti.
SILENCE OF THE LAMBS, THE 1991
I finally finished reading The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making and absolutely loved it.
elegant professorle pic!
This is the Charlotte northcarolina weather I moved here for!
Gym then sushi w my baby outside at eez in Birkdale!!
Haven't tweeted you in a while.
So I Love You and Good Night!
YouKnowItsRealWhen he spends 100 on you for a day long date.
3
Losing followers!
Sorry guys!
Havent been on this account!
:
then you best finish you super sayian transformation
YouKnowYoBitch Big when she about to give birth and the baby gets lost
That's a lie!
Three honks means they think you're hot.
;P
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Ion want no head
Copyright wars make it hard for a jury to understand patent issues.
Less about innovation and more about blocking competitors
Work it huntii.
snap snap
I am in your capable hands...
len start busting out some 10's!!
they have been deserved SEVERAL times this season!
give donald doctorver a TEN cranky judge!

Happy Birthday Mike Leach!
been BUSY!!
landed a daytime job so we have precious little time during the week.
Dis ho azz weather make a nigga jus wanna lay up  watch movies....
who down
RT!!: The Lord is so worthy to be praise..BlessingFlow
Geo with scruff.
, care to comment ;
Happy birthday :
I think everyday from 35 pm qualifies as a slumpLOL
I've just ruined your workday, sorry about that.
: maybe time to plan yourself another trip here?...
but you don't have to
Bella and Canvas now offer tearaway tags in their perfect tees!
That allows you to brand even less expensive with oversized printing!
I'm sitting by the front counter.
Wtf, when did my street become the hood?
Ratchet hoe walking down the street crying, gimme my phone I wanna go home, I hate you nigga ughh
When I relax and allow, good things come to me.
When I push and worry that things might not happen, I repel the thing I want.
Envy causes you to secretly celebrate someone's failure.
Repent and believe your season of favor is coming.
Not much beats finishing up in the office and flames vs.
sharks is just underway.
RT : Hey everyone!
If you haven't yet, get your tickets to the 7/12/2011 football fundoctoriser by !!
MISS ME YET????
that does suck
Don't threaten her freedom!!!
Wow, total silent auction items valued at over 10K at Tequila Fest tonight at Tics at www.casachapala.com
We are posted on Brady Street right now.
Need a ride?
idoctorveccr dial 272RIDE for some transportainment
what u got against the lakers?
God Bless!
RT Finally got out of the Biblical times...Johnny Moses is on Twitter!
i'm about to blow her shit the fuck up haha
This coming Saturday I will be having my St.
Patrick's Day Sip  Shop 12pm to 6pm
My favorite tip from MOBConf work ON your biz, not IN your biz.
Any black person who hangs out with Derbyshire is an Uncle Tom/Tomasina of the highest order.
Reading yourself as a fiction as well as a fact is the only way to keep the narrative open  Jeanette Winterson
Happy 1st birthday to !
To kickoff their upcoming bday week they'll have a special lineup of beers to celebrate starting Fri
I don't know if it's possible to hate a human being more than I hate LeBron James.
Woah there ARod having breathing problems 2nd base.
He finally ran !
C'mon Bubba Watson...that response surely inspires an sketch!
He just ended the doctorught in Georgia with those tears!
the hungry knows what hunger means..pray you never HAVE TO experience it involuntarily....
Nice meeting u too!
See u on saturday ;
Conan love the miniature set!
Even the TBS symbol on my screen is miniaturized!
LOL
We are on our way back from MIDO and will be looking forward to heading to NY next week!
Booth LP7554
Thin mints make an ass fat!
Congratulations to for an amazing event!
Be a fan on Facebook, Just Search for Punjab Indian Restaurant San Diego, CA and HIT LIKE!!
We're heading to Lucia's!
This bitch wuld bring her fuckin kids for them to be crying in my damn face...
FuckFuckFuck...
stfu swear!!
I'm the same way with my daughters hamster....makes me mega gag also
Nope...we're still working out some logistics with DCI.
one leg you half ass
Is up to no good and loving every minute of it!
Have a wonderful Monday!!
Enjoy this book...
The Healing Power of Sound, M.L.
Gaynor, MD.
We are build for sound as we are built to sing...
oh, that's mine.
yes...u the reason she got the check lol
is a moron.
ONE more final TOMORROW morning.
Perhaps she doesn't deserve a degree if she can't read a final schedule.
appreciate the mention fellas!
have a great weekend!
The Silk Tie likes Blake!
Gotta say, love professorle pic, you are obviously a man of good fashion thesilktie.com
is my hero
Argh!
RT : And it's Pirate Weekend too!
Argh!
I need to change my picture.
calling it a night, sweet doctorams 
UNICORNS ARE AWESOME.
I'M AWESOME.
THEREFORE I'M A UNICORN ;
Gotcha babe.
It's soo funny how doctornk ppl wanna grab ur junk when they have liquid courage...
Man that's funny stuff...
...release all that is not love in your life so that the bright  beautiful sun that you already are can come out from behind the clouds.
I have so many problems.
MAN I CANT BELIEV THEY GOT ME DOIN THIS BOARD FOR THEM 
were you at my house?
;
OH: How many times do I have to tell Pandora 'thumbs down' to Flo Rida songs?
Geez!
For now  I think I'll wait until Doctor Wu has an answer for me
I get to see your face today D.
This excites me
HillerHelps  PostNuptial Agreements  establishes the need for long term care helath insurance.
sweat pants, sweat shirt, wrapped like a burrito in a blanket,  under all the covers.
still.
any skin showing is instafrozen.
aint nobody grades up fr
Oh no!
Reno/Tahoe area getting bombed with snow.
Can't wait to ride this weekend!
Thanks!
RT : Congrats to BUILDER 100 winners
Grilled flat iron, maple glazed sweet potatoes, cauliflower, and rosemary au jus 10.95 eat your heart out, Milwaukee!
The next Samsung Galaxy is ...
the Samsung Galaxy S I...
4.8inch AMOLED screen
Looks like we have 3 doctorm tracks finished, heading in to try and complete doctorms tonight!
working on getting that on our website within a week
turns game off welp, guess i'll start recording early smh
RT : Malcolm Thomas: We have to give our fans all the credit for the type of season we've had this year
Milwaukee concert tonight Bluegrass MKE Music Tonight Concert at the Brumder Mansion Bluegrass the Red Star Express
Retro look with mod specs.
Be Cool.
Just add RayBans!
lol maybe.
But I have met 's mother.
Very nice lady.
RT : Shine brightly today, Earth angel.
Use your light to guide another person.
I think we have our mission for the day!
So many weird ass accounts an twitter
3rd graders in the cafeteria playing Spin the Bottle.
It means they spin a Powerade bottle to see who is....
I added Mac and cheese to a BBQ pizza the other day Consensus is anything with MacNCheese  BBQ Sauce 
miniature art by famed S.A.
Noory www.zanbeelart.com
i hate when creep old peolpe add you on facebook or thoese cute peolpe who add you on facebook but there really creeps  like every picture
but really though, if you are in portland you should come to the daniel menche surround sound show at tomorrow night
Countdown to Publix in Town Brookhaven opening.
I wonder how busy it's going to be...
Thanks, Karl  I had a very slight preview of your good work earlier, fun to see
Getting out of 2nd period tomorrow 
What a gracious thing to say.
Thank you.
Im convinced that there is no such thing as getting rest with a 4 year old.
Where's my energy shot?
can you help me get more followers?
Ya think??
enough twitter talk....doctorp the video
at work.
Eating by myself.
You do have all the fun!
No worries, I was busy too and running around.
Not sure if I'll be going down for the Final 4, but if I do, definitely!
Lol.
Alright I'm done roastin' this girl to people.
I'm bein' petty for no reason.
Just for you!
I concur.
CNN confirms Amar'e Stoudemire out for Game 3 and doubtful for Game 4.
He has seen a hand specialist and had a muscle repaired.
I  EDM  want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's pickme!
Did you book your Limo for the Steeler Game this weekend?
match made in heaven  black  blue and liege belgian waffles
August 2, 1979  Yankee captainin, Thurman Munson, dies in a plane crash in Canton, Ohio.
He was 32.
The Yanks retired his number immediately.
is going to teach me how to SALSA dance!!!
Haha
what smell can you not stand?
someone is cooking eggs in here and i'm about to boot...
Are the Bash Brothers available for game three?
I see.....from that angle it looks like it could hold a ton!
philatics I love him so much!!;
What do you normally eat or doctornk during a tournament round?
no but he is aaron johnson from kickass
Make it original!
Something about you..?
I know it's no help, but was worth a try!
right now come to crusty elac parked in level 5 5A 
P.S.
Marfa Film Festival 2010 was a quiet storm of AWESOME
NUMBERS FOR IB AND WHAT I THINK OF YOUR ICON!!
Monday is not my friend.
Can it be Friday?
Can you throw some CLChampionship A final quarterly scores up??
Ur welcome thanks for telling me
whoa.
It goes...
HulkThorIron Mancaptainin AmericaHawkeyeBlack Widow
thank God it's interesting
yep I used to be....LOL
So nteresting, thanks!
Will seek the Italian work.
And yes, purescience excitement isn't same as changing lives
Had a great day with my students today!
Then my audition.
Home now.
Gotta slow down sometimes...
Don't forget to vote today!
It is not only your right, but also your duty and honor to have the opportunity.
Relationships start out face to face, and end back to back
When I have absolutely no idea what to do next, I check my email.
I check it quite often.
do you have 9 done or 9 left?!
He needs some ridalin and some sleeping medicine.
you blew my mind.
amazing weekend.
unforgettable
Sean 'Skid Marks' Mahoney
HOW TO LIVE LIFE: Live without pretending.
Love without depending.
Listen without defending.
Speak without offending.
I'm thinking about starting my own super PAC to be used from the advancement of geekfriendly candidates.
I would call it SUPER GEEK PAC!
I remember early on when people scoffed and said, They'll go nowhere Turns out nowhere but UP.
: 
I really want to get the cosby show.
There are others that I can't think of at the moment.
What's up?
when the hell is your open house?
PC enjoys the thoughts of Albert Camus.
A great philospher in time!
Having a nice time in Vegas!!
Robin has the right game plan, do what you gotta do  win money
were like fire and rain, you can doctorve me insane, but i cant stay made at you for anything.
were venus and mars were like different stars
Thank you fine folks of DBC!
Hell yeah!
Lets do it!!
He didn't die...
RT : RT : 10 bucks for parking!!!!!
Hell ya I love the new owners!!!!
Meeting at 630 AM, who's in?
Have a great ,fun, happy day my friends
Thanks for the follow.
Cheers!
hahah you should've but maybe another time.
We really wanted to talk to you though ha
I already miss cheer.
the bet i bust one?
Finally back after a week off due to my mom's surgery last week.
She's home now and on the mend.
Thanx for all your well wishes.
sadly I did :
There's nothing better than being wise, Knowing how to interpret the meaning of life.
Solomon
the LabRats favorite comic writer!
Perhaps not exactly your department, but do you know if the library is planning any GIS workshops?
same!
Come play tomorrow.
I just told Linds to play with me too.
duh!
ha
Ideas can't found, they can only be discovered
3rd St Promenade worst coverage in USA.
But there are better things to do there.
U get down to SM often?
I'll be down next 3 wknds
I really liked it when you explained the math awhile back ; That was awesome.
Checking this out now
Yes girl, me too!
Thanks for looking out.
I'll hook you up w/ a free service for the referrals :
I actually love the modern music, just not on classical night.
That piece stuck out like a sore thumb.
I am in a pub so I am not watching Big Brother.
I assume a bisexual man has just entered the house.
i thought i already folloed you!
Lol
Just gave up.
Huggin my doll , pretending it was akita D:
thanks !
There audio tracks on my website, if you've got some time
Can't wait to see you on DWTS and back with the Pack...packernation adores you!
My boyfriend and I went to a pub and she ordered a guiness, I was so disgusted I spat out my pinacolada!
Just Make it do what it do
you going to the chilis by eastland , and yea I should fwu
Back home!
ALERT: Tweet your way through auditions!
The world wants to know!
RT : I WANT TO BE A USC SONGGIRL ugh.
Auditions soon
Thank you but i hope you can share it with your followers when you get on a computer
Shit gets crazy when FBLA teams are up at this hour
Why go to 3D movies when you can go to live theatre!
Roggg shooting on the 5D with Sterling Marlin for Speed Channel in Nashville
There is an important way in which those of you pining for downtonabbey must Netflix theforsytesaga IMMEDIATELY.
This may sound a little West Texan to you, but I like it.
When I'm talking about..
when I'm talking about myself.
Agreed.
I'm looking at it more from an ROI perspective.
I think they are pretty cool, just not convinced they are worth the .
How!?
Everyone I know watched
How long are you there?
Ah!
I learned something new!
you would think they would change to make it work for the current game series.
hehehehehehehehhehehe evil!:D
I'm with you.
And in spite of menu items like puree of partridge it's making me oddly hungry.
Stephanie made me mad :' she bailed out on staying after with me for GYM, I'm not talking to her tommarow :'
Way to go !
Great race!
good luck zack!!
youre a champ!
I don't want anyone to find out how amazing you are...
You  you  you  you!!
Everyone is so awesome, you won't be around long though
It's 11:11 make my wish come true and follow me 3
Do you even know how to be a true friend?
Don't confuse your path with your destination.
Just because it's stormy now doesn't mean you aren't headed for sunshine!
unknown
Every Sat and Sun, 10 buckets of PBR tallboys !
KickAss was beyond fantastic!!!
Red Wings stinking.
Free
is playing school ketchup today.
come hang out with me soon plz.
i miss your integrity.
plus the players like him a little to much he may be a little soft too they need a boss not just a friend but what do I know
Mckenna: If your audience already is up to date about your issue, it's a challenge to avoid trying to please them.
max I'm sorry, go cry
when the next time you hitting the rode to the Ville G
Stomach hurts so bad omg!!!!!
: A woman who knows her value will only put up with a man's nonsense for so long.
You either get right or you will get left
Building Services Engineer/Building Services Coordinator  Jobs in ...
Just got back from seeing Hancock.
Not your typical superhero story but I liked it.
I consider that a threat to Joneses everywhere.
You better watch yourself
your ugly and I hate you3
meeting up tomorrow so we can go over what songs we are using :D excitedTamya
Bad idea to go movies in the morninh ..
I bought 2 copies yesterday.
Did you after all?
Also dumbasses: ppl ripping the cubbies.
What the hell did u think ths season was gonna be like?
Its called rebuilding
YOU CAN SPEND THE NUGHT GET YOUR BUTT OVER HERE!!!!:D
Hey Johnny !
Yay!
RT : First place Specialty Programming and Congrats!
Your beliefs don't make you a good person, your behavior does.
Press room awakening
Heck yes Daniel Kim is playing right now!
It's an ode to TEN BOOM.
Who the heck is Tom Kippur.
Is he as good as me at doctorms?
Probably not.
RareRO Forums is back!
spread the words please :D
Now that I've seen the winner on NBCTheVoice and can call it a night.
Congrats to Jermaine Paul!
Set fire to the rain
After 28 yrs of running, I think I'm burned out.
Doesn't bode well for my race this wknd.
Guess I'll try biking.
LoringJStead thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
same here, however the last time I was in MI the BB in Benton Harbor had a 'horror' section.
Will check it out this weekend.
Wish I was there!
RT : Real Phonic Radio Hour at the JJ Hill Library.
Show up and years from now you'll say I was there.
i don't need a big old house...full of stuff...what my arms are wrapped around...that's enough
The announcers get more hype for a LeBron miss than a 90 Pacers run
Wow!
Thanks!
I will schedule an appt soon.
I have a wedding in a couple weeks!
Also, my massage membership ends soon.
IDK HOW TO WORK THIS THING lol
Thanks!
Hope you have so much fun 2!
keep doctoraming even if it breaks your heart
Welcome to the summit!
I love you more!
Xoxo to all!
that water was funky.
It looked like coffee and had oil streaks on top.
Freeway right next to it.
Learning the hard way that raising money to run bostonmarathon, especially 4,000, is more than a few calls and emails....
Thanks for your comments.
I enjoyed being a panelist at the great session last night
Did you know the brain releases a hormone called oxytocin that makes cooperation feel good?
I find it funny when people set their current professorle pictures of what they looked like 510 years ago 
: Preciate the follow my G!
no prob
My mama is an absolute genius!
She just solved my problem.
I feel so relieved.
10ThingsIHate 1.
Going 2 places I really don't wanna be at
Take me to Japan naooo.
yay Backbooth!
another fun show!!!
thanks to all our new friends and old..
Zsorry for the potty mouth haha.
see you soon!
Watching my nicca play poker
RT : t plus/minus 7 months.
as long as I complete that brutal class : right on!
Gotta give it to Charlie sheen for being a man and saying what he did at the Emmys
Girl !
You're famouse 3 lmao omg i haven't talked to you in too long :'
thanks for the mention, but do i know you?
Tori it is!
did you go to thrice?
They know that.
That's why it's the rule.
Show mix some love in the swazy baby and slipnslide contest
Extreme couponing :O
I feel like should be gliding across the rink with my hair blowing lol
Why do people waste their energy being angry or having a messed up attitude, like it'll be so much easier to just smile and be nice.
Manly Deeds, Scholarship and Love for all mankind.
Are the Aims of our Dear Fraternity.
no its a guy thing
English  Media majors/minors  those interested: MAJORS MEETING Monday 10/24 at 2:10 LIN 10.
Free PIZZA!
Be there!
Eating falafel...damn I miss the lower east side vendors in NYC.
Its just not the same.
hmmmph
Can't Go To Sleep.
Thanks !
We welcome the support and new ways to promote via
I don't disagree with that core idea either  but Rove's piece is a tank of haterade that doesn't care for details.
Hamels suspended five games for saying he plunked Harper on purpose?
Good evening!!
ButtonUp it's a bit chillay.
Is it a sign of the apocalypse when the redshoedoctorngers lead sports center and EPL gets prime coverage?
Given high praises 2 my managing team  doctorving Force Ent.
Steve Owens and Kimberly Strauss.They are great and gettin greater Take ova time!
CORRECTION STABBING not a shooting on Eutaw; Medics taking 25YOM to area Trauma Center in LIFE THREATENING COND
Was great to chat with you too, Jennifer  looking forward to working with you  Happy New Year!
the only beat you do is your meat
is that right after they said to turn off all electronics?
Lol :
.
Happy birthday, boss
RT : You know things have changed with the Bears when I haven't gotten a single tweet today asking me about Jabar Gaffney.
never texts me back !!
Im never going to text you anymore whore lol that rhymed
Thank you Julian for following,
VERY STYLISH...don't get any smaller
Deadass.
Nothing I ever do is good enough for you.
hey call me:
me too!!
prom Prom PROM!
Ill see you soon!
so resourceful, so unbelievably resourceful.
And so cute.
Challenges are gifts that force us to search for a new center of gravity.
Don't fight them.
Just find a different way to stand.
Oprah
Tonight's Special: The Philly Burger  Mama Lil's Peppers, Bourbon Onions, Bacon, Provolone Cheese and Garlic Aioli w/ Choice of Side
Just Finished the Hungergames!!!!!!!!
you are a loser.
What do you have in there?
Also, plaid shorts are not fratty.
start reading!
I like that you stand strong for yur bro.
Wish I had a bro!
Breaking: Mother and child trapped in flooded home in Travis County.
Crew on way.
Preliminary finding for??
help
: thanks!!
Will Def.
do that!
congrats JPP.
Off to Indy for Super bowl.
Go Big Blue!!
OMG  U actually came online?
trying not to faint lol Happy Hump Day tomorrow.
:
Just got Emoji on my phone.
finally 
Fun Fact: Mark Twain called Hawaii the loveliest fleet of islands that lies anchored to any ocean.
Oh weather, you're confusing.
??
Yesterday you were warm  86!
Who are you going to be today?
Fuck yea!!!
When they timeout before 5min mark!!!!
U know we on that BULLshyt!!
yea low key I was def happy .....I felt free!!!!
You're MORE than welcome to this god awful Florida humidity...wanna trade?
:
Irony: Herman Cain is the stereotypical, un/underqualified affirmative action candidate for the republican nomination
Response to my ACE serve on the court, You can't hit it that fast and have it go in!...that someone got SERVED after that comment...WEET!
PickUp line: Are you cold?
Let me be your electric blanket.
Just plug me in and I'll make you feel nice and toasty inside and out.
Thank you!
MN 28/ AZ ZIP the Cardinal's must REALLY SUCK!!!
Great night with Taina and Parker 3
im gonna throw something at you.
Can YoU Follow me
don't pass the book on, pass on the message and buy the book
Hahahaha!
I just saw something happen that I knew was going to happen..
Gotta laugh at myself sometimes.
1/3 of all online music revenue comes from ringtone d/ls?
really?
wtf is wrong with you people?
feed the POOR you assholes!
iagree but hpefully it all works out good :
Looks like the guys are on breeeaaak.
Am I right??
I'm taking requests for my next episode of Matt Moore Podcast.
Any takers?
Last day of High School at St.Francis!!xD
Didn't know if you saw, but heweb12 is in Milwaukee.
Have to try to make it next year.
Child of the Rain...loving the rain back here in Nashville today!
Home alone....
Wht to do
Congrats on your latest book!
Are you going to the Gourmand Awards next week?
Focus.
Commit.
Adapt.
Bryce Harper can't execute in the 4th inning
I'm so happy right now!
:
Yeah, one of the reasons Laos is so poor is because people are hesitant to use the land.
It's awful.
It's Finally Friday!
which reaction channels are folks watching?
Your list contains high levels of fail.
May want to get that checked out.
Get it get it go..!
Why the heck are there birds chirping outside my window at almost eleven o'clock, I'm trying to sleep you stupid creatures.
Getting ready for neara11 in chicago!
We leave on Wed!
Should be fun to listen to the debates and speeches!
Don't even know why I answered the phone
Watching stevie moore and dennis orcollo.
Billiards.
This is the new paradigm we came up with last night: we take the small things and make them bigger.
Con te partirò is a beautiful song.
I just wanna take the time out To Say Good Morning To all the women.Once again Good Morning
Hungry burps
There are no shortcuts in life  only those we imagine
Try again...
Singledelegate dot com has been updated...
thanks for being a good leader for the Kingdom version of hip hop.
Honestly, is there anything to like about the Heat?
Wait, I can answer that  hell no.
With strong support from senior management, yes.
Believing the House Repubs did the right thing viz.
the stimulus bill.
Of course, with more condoms, we might stimulate more sex LOL
DISH Network is preventing many of us from seeing AGT tonight!!!
ThankYouRachael for making smcdc so awesome!
I know he's in a suit, but put Lawrence Bowers in!
Lol at someone saying ugh everyone at this school is SO FAKE and forgetting to include themselves in that catagory.
SHUT UP.
I totally remember.
ahh!
I totally would if I could!
No vehicle.
:
hahaha.
creeping on you!
FaceTime soon:
One of my followers pointed out to me...
Snowmegadon was 2 years ago now!
Time flies...
Stop it, Josh Hamilton.
Wow.
Got new tanning lotion.
Wish me luck.
I would be much happier if this candy was fullsize, not funsize.
This isn't fun at all.
Being sick on the weekend 
Hell yeah Joey doin it big!
Much Love
Well, I should suck the knowledge out of his brain.
Thanks, Scott!
Best to you.
A6 i've thought the artsadmin professoris a tricky job market, attracts a high volume of qualified professor looking 4 meaningful work
the rye stout turned out well.
I have zero faith in homebrews, so no worries.
Glad you liked it enough to doctornk it.
living life like its my last
People always ask me if I'm some random ethnicity which has never made sense but WHATEVA.
They are all around our campus, so I'm in the know.
:
can hear husband matt our in front of our building, chipping away at the ice, trying to get the car out of the spot i slip slided it into
Just tapped Laughing Dog Alpha Dog Imp.
IPA.
crazy January deals up to 75 é, up to 70  more serious savings!
I am doctorpping green with envy about your SATC trip!!!!
wouldn't that raise equal treatment claims?
alright...
i'll do it, but if you come up behind me, give me fair warning...
wet cheeks, wet gaiter.
I miss you!
Hope you're having a splendid
I said awhile back that I didn't think Semin would return to Caps..but I didn't think he would come out and say it..
Is that your sister?
Congratulations, you have just signed up for WHOOZNXT and are eligible to win an amazing list of gigs!
will have a bald patch on his head at 's wedding
season starts march 3th come see misterlockdown him self 40 C
Congratulations!!!!
Great game!
who has there own band.
You?
Yep!!
: Corey Hart is never again allowed to participate in Spring Training.
brewers
LOL I love almost every Korean song I listen to.
Come back!
Its official THATcampcbus will be held at Columbus State Community College!
More details coming soon.
Big thanks to CSCC for the free space!
please check you're dm's
And there's the rain.
I sure hope my sunroof is closed :
I AM SO STARTING THAT FLASH MOB FOR BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE IN HOLMDEL AH3
Look at that moon!
I'm starting to understand why is such an addictive time waster.
I'm a fan of Inge, and always will be.
Period.
RT : I know he's polarizing...
But I'll miss Brandon
Nice crowd filling up the auditorium for Camilla Wilcox's talk about the reynoldalandscape!
Just heard the new Game mixtape, it's official, his career is over.
You know it ; lol
Just realized what my ma said when she came In here talking while I was sleep
Cool!
I can get behind that.
We are vegetarians.
That is cool:
Northern Lights, Pink lemonade, Hot cheetos.
haha thanks!
I'd happily buy some
We're building a global ent network fam friendly a one stop shop to browse all yo ent needs.www.asfut.com
Do what makes you happy.
Be with who makes you smile.
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.unknown
Sorry for the wonky link!
Long hair looks nice on everyone lol
I can't believe it's taken me this long to follow you!
How are you?
Hope the dogs are good!
ur one of the greatest remixers/producer/musician!
thanks for sharing ur talents with the world and dj community.
I'm sure he could have finished the inning with less problem than Collmenter had.
Hmm
for a variety of reasons, i am like 3 weeks behind.
and i can't find time to start watching to catch up.
saw that dude running down the street on those things.
He almost ate shit haha
I fucking miss
Listening to a lecture on the deterioration of the music business..
Glad I never pursued my doctorams of being a professorssional jazz clarinetist
well thats good!!
Apparently, I like to say umm A LOT.
RT : John F.
Kennedy did not accept his presidential salary of 150,000 a year.
Instead, he donated it to charity.
Can you work in some treacherous fish?
That would be sublime.
I'm about kick your door !
Okay ?
Violets are blue, try a direct dial.
Perhaps you'll get a return call ...just wait for a while.
Aww he just got a 1000 poor mister Hindsman
get out from my mind please !
hate you so damn much !
Yea he had a poodle too!
: : This dude is doctornking beer with a straw...GAY!!!
its morning where you are?
:D cool.
It's almost 11:00 a.m.
where i am :
I'm going on a limb and say Tony Parker likes this attention.
You should never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option
Can u even name LT for NYG?
NE?
GB?
PIT?
Not saying it's unimportant, but 5 players make up Oline, not just 1.
Is Matt Kalil a gamechanger?
disagree.
They'll miss Bogut, but they'll make PO.
They won't go deep.
PS  live 1/2 of the year in OKC, they win it all.
Spending tomorrow generating positive thoughts, good will, and healing action.
The world needs a lot more of that right now.
Peace out!
Gooldy nice shout out this AM
you both really know the way to my heart 3
Anything or anyone doing anything for the fight on Saturday?
I hope you're having a great weekend.
Thank you for the follows:
5/22  Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Neal Brennan
Crawling through glass sounds painful
Show starting.
Just saw an old friend....
:
This season of How to Make it America is way better than the first one.
I just got my head stuck to a hanger '
Just one more game
I didn't know this either.
I hope they keep their cookies!
Can't believe the New Balance 990 is celebrating its 30th anniversary.
My dad wore it in the '84 Honolulu Marathon; now favored by hipsters!
Anything worth haveing is worth fighting for
To vote for the Milwaukee99 People's choice award text the piece number to 22333!
Voting ends at 7:30.
Breakfast is usually the hardest meal for most to modify, as were a country of toast and cerealeating junkies
I'M SO MAD ASJDHFURIS
exactly!
we have 2 months to get it together.
It's also going to help for Halloween.
I want my body for josephine
I understand.
Important to think about why/why not, and not just jump on bandwagon....
yo man cut that shit out black people win
have fun be safe pengus
If Anthony Bourdain can travel to places around the world JUST for the food...then hell, so can I!
:D
I'm pretty sure I just saw a college rugby team do a Subway ad.
Well said!
awesome advice and a bit funny
Brutal day of tearing out our kitchen which was last updated by previous homeowners when they moved in to the 1908 house  in 1960.
Listening to the new Bieber song.
I honestly thought it was a Timberlake song.
Since when does he actually sound like a man?!?!
It rained?
Teams with elite SB winning QB's...
NO, NYG, NE, PIT, GB, DENVER....
Can you believe it!?
There is a teabag in my toilet.
Fancy dog??
I live in a weird house.
Thanks so much Jeff.
You're too kind.
totally listening to bone thugs on my store's musaak.
awesome.
Why are hookers calleed hookers?
Find out in GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan Amazon Kindle 2.99 CivilWar Free to Prime Members.
Turned my alarm off instead of pushing snooze.
Whoops.
Good thing this final is online.
did I just spot you in Baltimore?
If so we want to buy you a beer tonight?
i eat mine with a spoon because im a rebel.
:
yeah most of it was eays but yhe diagrams were confusing
There are some conspiracy theories that are just fun works of fiction.
ex.
Beyonce and the illuminati.
Darius wetter than water Miller.
Just realized we have a prime spot for firework season!
The key to my heart has been found.
Knock knock hello..click clack..BanG!
Dont look out the peep hole when dat bell rang
I'm sure there has to be a good book on outlining, can anyone suggest a few?
Warning: instead of cool lit/tech audio essay for class, I may accidentally be producing cheesy infomercial for GPLC/family literacy.
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I called my friend and asked for permission to RT his tweet.
LOL!
I should be there also
After 4OT Kansas State gets the win against AM.
Simple, 60 votes.
Obstruction by Republicans.
i ment do u want me or MaryClaire !?
Haha but I was joking :
Icant wait to see think about it...
it took 46 years to make a movie about the best book growing up!
Ugh!
thanks for the promo
Really sad to hear of Etta James' passing.
I believe she's now at peace...
AT LAST.
I think I will do a podcast tonight...nothing heavy..just like my other shows i do..Santorum is messing up the news feed..get out all ready
i really want the summer tour to happen already, so i can meet you, get married, live happily ever after.
etc..
.
was this before or after you reminded them it was 1?
ETFs are my fav because, unlike mutualfunds, they are not often traded.
Great way to diversify your porfolio.
Happy Saturday All!
We open for lunch today at 11:30:
Too many, I'm afraid...
Why won't my timeline come up???
GO TO BED!
Graduation tomorrow.
If you sleep through it, I will never stop taunting you about it!
also shes teaching theater alot all over jersey at universitys n high schools.lol i would die if annie was my HS doctorma teacher/
Hi Ladies!
How are you?!
:
oh but they are...
onlyinmillard where white folk bitch about everything:
less than 2 months til belive comes out!
so excited!
2012!!!
I made it!
This week is completion of CDM's plans for the year.
I think whatever the situation, my integrity must stand.
...Except healthy crunch choco delight muesli.
I can't find tht anywhre.
Do thy still make tht?
Will I b able to find it in Jaipur?
MT : Local vodka, hugs from Paul Bunyan, massages from a nun, halfnaked ladies...
MHC, can I please move in?
aam2012
What teen mom?
Yes it is returning!
Finished writing my script today.
:
Mondays are terribly unpredictable anyway.

HAPPY BIRTHDAY  MILWAUKEE, WISCONSIN, USA ...
166yrs.
TODAY.
; got you back.
How can you expect me to sleep with you if you don't put me on your podcast?
Lmfao yeah it did.
I still die everyone
Watched the Five Year Engagement tonight.
Really fun comedy wrapped in reality.
Loved the need to be alone w her still there.
well I just relized I have way to much and now I really dont trust them
I have some on my lawn :
How soft my natural hair is
Easter equals three nails, two thieves, and one broken body thank you Jesus for your sacrifice.
you are the best man classic shit.
that would the streets apart!
hi check out my music www.kingbabajames.com thank u so much.
Is this still hanging on from GayRomLit?!?
Tell it to go away!
you're awesome
Head banging hurts.
TMI?
RT : I can no longer keep this twitter account as I have used it as a tool to have adulterous relations with women.
mee too C:
you need to talk to and his work/research in Bullying.
Brewers GM Doug Melvin says team will deal with injuries internally.
Admits he talked with Derrek Lee but says that won't happen.
Oh my goodness Ovechkin
There are differences.
Would love to chat.
Can you email me so we can take this offline?
fuck the world
My friends thinks I have a lot of friends when it's really tweeting lol
Earthquake in Central Ohio!
My whole building was shaking.
Yikes!
thanks man
Welp, I'm screwed.
Ha, pun intended.
ZING!
Right.
Ha.
I will!
Also, can I use one of your photos on instagram of the Occupy Wall Street?
It's for Globalization class.
Cure the winter blues, come on OUT tonight, grab a hot doctornk  enjoy our new music.
We have the brand new Soundtrack to the Pan Am series!
Ron's thinking...
Bunt or...
?
What else is there?
: wait a second ..
HE'S MY HUSBAND !!!
:oD lol we can share them...at the same time lol
I bet 9875209708795709827049587094387509 that wont follow me :5
I  he's going to make millions.
I'll remember that when I'm making records.
that a boy Colton.
He's gonna prove to everyone.
Yeaah I'm falling so behind...Im losing my motivation and work ethic or whatever...idk, its whatever haha but seriously
loving Florida and the ftboa.
got suspended by twitter so I'll have to start again.
No big deal
If you makin money then I aint gon participate
niallwhipshispenis i bet its getting Niall happy ;
Thanks Michael, I appreciate it!
Thank you for the RT!
i hadn't thought of doing it by decade.
that's an idea.
Just 5 more mins and I will b out of this boring class!
Yay
I'd pull away at the first sign if I thought you were just playing
No one has swagger like them and
MARGARITA.
BUT WAIT FOR ME.
Moebius'spoetrychallengeMotherfuckers sweet beyond sweat, you've another beau, and such talk leads only to expectations, I no longer know.
thanks!
I'll look him up.
how can we submit to play mix tape festival?
OK!
If you ever need any help searching around the city, we'd love to help you out!
:
In austin for atxunscripted  the Austin Motel is definitely my favorite motel ever.
Haven't slept this well in weeks!
Oh god and the tears start again
: lilq824 what!
I dont get traded too!!
What is this shit!
Trade Nealsy for the Cupwinners' 7th rounder!!
:D
California finds toxins in salon nail polishes
I am desperate for the Dem to win this.
I don't hate anyone, but I come close with regards to Grover Norquist.
its always done that.
Plus, I haven't had any update
Chicago.
Where are you?
My dad is kind of stressing me out, I didn't charge my ipod and he wants to take pictures with it.
Its hard to see a lady that gives her body to like 50,000 men.Ur body is suppose to be like a Nobel Peace Prize not change at a supermarket.
This weekend is gonna be fun :3
hmm.
its like whatever dns i'm running through just rolled back an hour.
wtf?
PEGGY.
PEGGY
doctorw, would be something.
Expensive laundoctor bill...
Q : What's your favorite color ?
A : Blue
OH MY GOD
There is a lot packed into the book Built On Values, it's meant to be a real guidebook for effective organization change.
Hahahahah deleted me from twitter.
Its Facebook all over again.
My work here is done....
...
Yes, but that doesn't preclude looking lessthanstellar sometimes.
have fun in NYC this weekend!
luh you
Perfect holiday give for academics professorssionals: Improve your short proposal writing  get that paper accepted!
I'm sure he paid you to say that.
haha.
JK.
I know that big head from way back and he's cool...most of the time ;
Finally on Facebook
you as well.
Stop in the office soon so we can show you what is all about.
Art inspired by electronic gadgets.
Oh, the glow.
We're at Froelick Gallery on Live  7 on KGW.
or the paint color.
Because paint is so permanent.
Sigh.
Watching Vertigo, Jimmy Stewart is much creepier than I remembered
thanks please follow back
Thank you.
thanks!
Right now I have All A's and 1 B!
:P
what kind of board?
we are super excited that Alex from the 's H.I.N.T.
program will be joining us for a free workshop in May!
More info soon!
Add this to the list of reasons we love Baltimore: a standing room only performance of John Cage's Sonatas  Interludes ON VALENTINE'S DAY!
welcome to our Miami office!!
We hope you have a great weekend!
I like it when you call me big papa.
Whore, sit down.
I need to figure out this whole twitter thing kind of confusing at first
FF  Thanks for the mentions!
thanks, Jake/Widen!
I love that with a testdoctorven approach to development, you get progressively more confident in the codebase instead of scared to touch it.
What are your favorite colors for fall?
We won't ever look as good as we do right now, so let's take another shot, doctornk another round
Tim Thomas doing his best Braden Holtby impersonation in this one.
you still think you're a witch.
QUOTE OF THE DAY: Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully.
Prepare prayerfully.
Proceed positively.
Pursue...
but that takes the rare combination of honor, integrity and cojones...and some guys just don't have it.
you realize if you would have died in your sleep those would have been your dying words ...
And yes I woulda put it on your grave
lol Are u?
listen...i know its tough to tell what a good quesadilla sometimes...but not at taco bell
Yeah buddy.
My personal favorite was Coors Light.
Or maybe a Lean Pocket.
now you just need to post a damn pic!!
haha clearly this is not my idea
lol thanks community college is more confusing than my university 
Just rockin it!
Congrats on helping us make the Tweetup a Twitter Trending Topic lasvegas!
Heeeeyo!
Yeah, we'll read em.
A few have made there way into the book already.
Going to see harrypotter DHP2 Today.: If anyone follows me I follow back.
What are the refs doing?
Swallow your whistle and let replay figure it out!
Know the rules.
Muffed puntdead ball.
The American Cancer Society tells us that roughly one third of all cancers are diet and activity related.
The standard call for thirty minu
Let me know if you need any help.
the biggest hearts often seem most ferocious.
r you still giving away your tshirts or are they all gone?
Cause I got some merchandise on my christmas list:
OMG Frank Sbotka is on TheOffice ??!!!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!
What a great day to walk or ride your bike on the Cultural Trail today to get to the Street Food Showdown at City Market from 102
imma big fan even though im from Chicago...but I have 2 say doctorse is better...sorry...
Yhu stil a beast :
Excited to see speak later at AZEC11.
If u don't read his stuff, do so now.
always a good choice
when are you ever not that guy?
I have 5 minutes to get to work omg
The way talk to girlsgross
will do!
Is a book review really that hard of an assignment?
welcome mister Conaway.
they are cheaper too.
My trout reel was only 20 bucks.
Because I'm like young crazy and...
Crazier..?
ok I'm sorry what??
Pic upload not working obviously.
RT if you voted for London, UK in Austin's Poll!
Caught like 10 lizards in my nearby semiwilderness area and transplanted them to my yard.
Hoping they stay around.
I love lizards.
No joke.
Wave 'em at them bitches hatinn on youu with they friendss, girll you got it
If I'm walking faster than you're running, you're not running.
np IM SEXY AND I KNOW IT
Good luck , hopefully I will run into you.
Pun intended.
holy fuck!
there's affliction shirts for douchettes too?!?
Shit I could've slept for another 30 minutes or so
come back?
Uh why would I do that?
I haven't even bought my plane tix yet.
I suppose I should, to see mi madoctor y padoctor.
based on ur tweet i think i got disingenious or whatever wrong today:P what's it mean??
I know but this one is scary
It makes no sense to be second in someone's life, when you know you're good enough to be first in someone else's.
Know your worth.
Red Hot Chili Peppers 
You always seem to be positive and upbeat.
I like people like that.
5 words to describe the early 2000's: denim, fur, and mom jeans.
and if you don't know ...
well, he reminded me that we both, in fact, do.
Im doctorving tomorrow!!
IF GOD IS WITH ME, IT DON'T MATTER WHO IS AGAINST ME....
MOTIVATON
My life isn't perfect but it does have perfect moments
today I conquered my fear info holding my breath for 30 seconds in 15 degree celsius water
Is Portland done yet?
A little under 48 hours till the real game kicks off!!!!
it is , stop denying .
Losing a fight with hail.
Badly.
WTF Denver?
I thought it was spring!
Get Van Gundy
I wonder if you know I have a crush on you.
I blame Bill Curtis.
If u want us to believe ur classy...
Keep your inner whore INNER!!!
bhalalala where is my summer?
: But this D.J tho  Return of the Mack really???
Must be poppin lol
an iPhone 4 cost way more than 100..lol
howdy ...
Thx for follow ...
Hope you enjoy the blog!
Scott Disick had a chrome Audi....
I can't wait till Ray bust they eyes wide open
i think, yes.
are you?
Nuggets of joy.
Im not retweeting these things but somehow they end up on my professorle 
Absolutely not mate
I was gonna surprise you and tell you later I donated.
I guess the cats outta the bag lol.
How did you know it was me?
the military 1
I love sean, we think so much alike
Finding a bottle of Swagger with a broken nozzle is like winning the lottery.
There's no money, but you can still get laid.
Finally, some good economic news!
And glimmers of bipartisanship on the bank recovery plan.
Can we put the pitchforks and torches away?
hudak is a buzz kill
everyone who applied for special interest housing should have received an email notification yesterday
Good morning from gorgeous Sonoma County!
no it's just that your iPhone is a great autocorrecter ;
I know I can't wait ;
Why is everyone so  about this ?!
There's clearly no such thing as .
Everyone really needs to calm the  down.
We are home to fabulous custom accessories as well as a variety of bridal jewelry and One stop shopping!!!
We Will be at LULAC tomorrow!
The healthiest response to life is joy.
can we PLEASE arrange our crepe party?
i'll bring wine....lots of wine.
haha
In class: 5 paying attention.
12 playing with a pen.
21 checking people out.
62 daydoctoraming of what I could be doing if I wasn't here.
: Is Bruh a word that a white woman should use?
serioustweet is it a thuggin white woman
Honey Nut Cheerios, they remind me of childhood.
Your protector's coming home, coming home
It was delicious!
Made me miss you though.
Hope all is well :
Self realization..I need a safe haven when I come see my babies dont tell me I need rest and u the main one stressing me
Spring break is: Sunny days at a coffee shop...vintage diving...book devouring...pantry reorganizing...family recipe...fun.
Just got assassinated.
THANKS
to excited for wango tango!
damn i wish was singing :
500Boyz are looking forward to meeting you real soon : BLAZE THE STAGE
Favre says he'll make up his mind within the next 11 days.
What do you think?
Design internship with Invisible Childoctorn this summer.
Taurus women look at life as ritual so something like cleaning the house or gardening can be an act of devotion.
I haven't tweeted in a year.
So here ya go 
hit me up, might go to Tigers game too.
Don't give up.
: My son needs to be smacked   A smack on his butt not the face, right?
it's weird af but funny
ma house bitch!
Lol......I missed you today tho :p I was lookin all over for you aha jk how was you day with yo boo thang?
I think I get where you're going, but we should talk more.
Linked Data to the rescue!
what else are you swimming today?
miss you!
Tonight at the Zinc Bar, w 4th St, Made on NY Fest 8pm lead by Sasha w Antoinette,Virginia Mahew 3/29/12 tonight.
omg baby polar bears!
so cute!
I understand ppl wanting to end the fight now that rush said he's sorry..
Well I for one grew up watching guys beat the fuk out of my mom...
I'm taking a survey: Has anyone EVER actually recycled an electronic in the past?
i dont think smith broke they jus talking the nigga let china take 1M away for missin practise a broke nigga would never
There's somethin' about a truck in a farmers field
thats why your grandma gets bullied at bingo night
I agree.
The meatballs are ok.
What do you think about the prices?
I wish it were more casual, takeout or just buy at counter.
: Why do you give?
Answer the question: WHYiGIve  Join us tonight at 8pmEST.
U share and we RETWEET your response!
There is nothing more indicative of poor leadership than union decertification.
Show Americold workers we support them.
Demand a contract!
has oficallly made me want to go coneing : ur video was hilarious !
:D 3
Lily is headed into surgery now.
no no no stop crying bye
Am I supposed to bring a baseball shirt for mladla12 ?
Have many shirts to choose from
oh my goodness!!
wow!
Good morning, have a blessed day.
Just watched The Hunger Games.
RIP Vidal Sassoon
GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Animal, Cannibal, The Fame, The Fame Monster, Born This Way, Teenage doctoram, Stronger, Perfectionist, LOUD
WOW!
Loved the yummy sandwiches!
Thank you!
Adam, Michael and Mary!
what happened to your car?
Oh and I love knowing about my snow button.
Good Morning!
Have a nice Wednesday!
Suddenly wide awake.
Seems my brain's decided it's time to get to work.
Then there's the middle of the night craving....man, I love food!
The cauliflower currently steaming in my kitchen smells SO DELICIOUS.
Can't wait to dig in!
foodnerd lovesveggies 
One hour until the Ginko party begins
did you get my package?
I work till 930.
I would require it delivered please.
What I wouldn't give for a couple of cold Coronas right now.
JASON I LOVE YOU
Fuelsaving technologies include a twospeed fuel pump, Aggressive Deceleration Fuel ShutOff, and optimized transmission on the MKT
Cue caffeine crash.
Miroslav Volf  pluralism in public fails because we fear each other, rather than a healthy fear of God.
Hello,where are you from?
you already know what's up ;
If the Clough Commons is too crowded for you, there's plenty of room over here.
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
Ayn Rand
Check out this new free resource to help parents of childoctorn with autism encourage good oral healthcare: www.healthysmilesforautism.org/
Hi ; thanks for the follow.
Like the enso on your Board of Your Life Kit!
Very cool!

sounds like cheap labor
we i was fukkn telln u
Just talked to my pastor about some Godoctorlated kinks I gotta work out.
Thankful for his time  that I don't have that job!
He might hit a ton, but Bryce Harper looks like a total tool.
It's nice to have some of the heart back in the lineup tonight.
There's ALWAYS someone younger and hungrier coming down the stairs after you :
You can't sneak anything past me.
Nope, no way.
I'm not denying his talent he's just not who I want representing my organization.
already following the homie good looking though
Thanks Hannah!
nationalbestfriendday Spent it with both of them :
Paul the wine guy
ODOT talking about their toolbox.
Using the right tool for the job.
I think they could use a jack hammer and get a lot done.
damn you're missing out.
Zack and Cody graduated, Andy gave away his toys, Hannah told her secret, Phil went back to the future.
My childhood is officially over.
how am I trying to scare you.
All I said was I'm talking to you tomorrow.
That's not scary...?
Cant wait till the NSNfancut : Its gonna be
We like that idea too.
True multitouch opens the door to transformative interactions
I want a mich ultra  cactus lime, stat!
I read the blogs about dating and people post there questions about dating, all other people do is slam them
TY!
RT : Great choice for that spot!!
: ClintEastwood rocks the screen.
if it mirrors that, neither would my fantasy teams......
this year I have more busts than a Big Naturals DVD.
Thanks!
RT I'll be talking about lobotomy photographs and today at noon in S423.
//Callaway S423, that is.
What are you wearing today?
Are you celebrating Cinco de Mayo?
Beautiful day in Denver!
Time to hit the gym.
I refused to go last night so my husband said we're staying longer today 
starting in on a 4 hour video review of Con Law 2  wish me luck.
That's on my tosee list at SIFF, so I'll try to make it on the 5/23 screening.
Will you be there?
G D i love the black keys
Thanks for being you, John, and helping people talk about it.
Nice weather brings out the recumbent cyclists in Austin.
I've yet to see one that isn't helmed by a smuglooking, bearded 50 year old.
Thanks for all the FF love today!
We very much appreciate the support.
But of course I did!
Excited to hear the results.
Good luck!
watching season 4 of The Wire.
Time consuming.
Will show up for round 2.
I just hope these pics don't show up as my faves.
the real housewives of any city are ridiculous!
What's your Beatles 1?
Till There Was You From Me To You Little Child Back In The U.S.S.R.
Ticket To RideI Want To Hold Your Hand
Is it gettin' real in the parking lot?
Terrell Suggs is out for the year!
Good start to my day!
lookin good buddy.
i'm ready to go.
So not emotionally prepared for this haircut today.
VMA superbass!!!!!!
or the show goes on :D
my bad aiite well catch up
Thanks again  let me know if you ever want to guest post You bet, great content on your blog!
We had fun Tuesday at wolfs crossing school for american education day the kids were inspired by our work,fun,and games
This is the stupidest thing I've ever read.: Bulls live to see Game 6.
Any chance doctorse will be available for that one?
If I feel like this tomorrow, i'm freakin going to school in a Sweatshirt, Pants and shoes.
Ugh.
Tuesday will be good.
Dang it!
Now I'm doctoroling on my keyboard thinking about duck fat fries  nom nom!
12:30
like really...this is great.
the correct question is why are you up this late?
As for the answer to that question, I can't sleep and have to be up at 8:30 Yay
Setup and ready to take the stage  BILLY'S ICE in New Braunfels, TX for New Artist Audition night with the NEW BAND : 'FretWire' ;
das rite hi stay hood
Josh doesn't want me to tell you how many books he bought at AWP, but let's just say it was 125 books.
Congrats fellow Knight Fellows!
Its just that some people r saying they will dance to E.t but then others r saying TeenaGE doctoram Im confused!
Yes please would love to see it
Happy birthday :
What the frick is it gonna take for fans to realize this team is for real and they should get their butts to the ballpark???
so odd..he's like 30 years old too
Nice joke.
boo.....lol lets see if you remember me .
...seriously...they pay you to do that sweet job???
Well done, sir, and love every minute!
How about burrito bites!
RT : RT : Q2 Foodiechats What is your favorite appetizer at a Dinner Party?
Learning I can not trust everyone only God!
I think they are using a slight variation of the Abercrombie business model.
We're listening to deputy editor Bret Stephens on The Future of Capitalism w/ City Club of San Diego
promise that will not end well.
lol.
Some friends were destine 2 be free loaders always wanna play the pick  roll game like Stockston  Malone but I ain't the one 2 assist
look at you w/ your new twit pic:
get in there peeps.
funny : Community ALL NEW 2night!
3 episodes!
Watch  we INSIST on doing a 4th Season!
TheFallofChang
watcha up to?
Clint Dempsey scores on a great play by Jozy.
Clint is the 4th US player to ever score against Italy.
State Attorney General will not review evidence in Rebecca Zahau suicide case.
Ahh, well at least we can hang out this summer then!
A good day to reread the Little House books!
Don't forget, we leave for tour this Friday with THROUGH ARTERIES to hit up all the Texas hot spots.
Don't forget to come see us in action!
Oh I've only been 21 for almost a month now and I'm FINALLY going out!!
hello summerbreak!!
Well I guess I should go to school tomorrow since I haven't been in like 2 weeks lol
Dude fuck this
Live out of your imagination rather than your memory
Auburn Wednesday, Atlanta Saturday!!
Run around,talking down, I'm playing games, nigga die
: Telephone poles at sunset liked by Pinterest.
Whoa.
Live humans at Pinterest?
://pinterest.com/pin/235805730459278212/
Hot Af outside
guys can be bitches too...
That's probably true.
Lol
Red dots, chop chop I see dead people!
So long, gay boys
Tomorrow, SDSU Vs.
Long Beach State basketball game.
Then trolley to the Q for the football game Vs.
10 Boise state.
Go Aztecs!
Launch of The Other next Wed.
21 and up.
Red carpet attire.
Food/doctornks provided.
Fashion.art.music.dance RSVP:
Nice to see more legitimate advertisers online.
Yahoo seems to have fewer buy our miracle cream or lose 100 lbs in a week ads.
If Michigan could improve on defense they would prolly be pretty Damn good!
I wonder what you're doing imagine where you are there's oceans in between us but that's not very far..
What really makes people different
or, better yet, help build the research tool
68 items for 30 if you count the box, sharpener and hug.
Welcome to our 1,000th follower!
Happy National Cupcake Day to our very own baker m m m!!!
Hi Ronnie, with all the coverage I would say the NH restaurant would ban politicians!
Guess who gets to define 100 vocab words on paper for 40 bonus points in Psychology.
So much for that.
Looks like Tony Bennett and Virginia are coming to the Kohl Center.
Should be a fun one.
Thanks for the follows!
wake up, we both need to wake up.
maybe if we face up, to this, we can make it through this.
closer..
maybe we'll be closer...
excuse you.
An informed public...who'da thunk it.
Define Cheesey; When people follow us, then unfollow us when we follow them back to boost their numbers.
If I had a button that if pressed, would kill everyone but also turn all of the pretzels in this ice cream into cookie dough, you'd be dead.
Congratulations to Floyd Little on being inducted into the HOF!
Watching Mike Brown try and coach the Lakers is hilarious.
They're coming like a bat outta hell...
No, really?
U know what's weird I've never tried red bull or any energy doctornk I'm not kidding
Cooling off with a tasty Hopslam.
Can't wait for on 10th  Wells tomorrow!
Only 1 more like to hit 4,000.
Share this post with your friends!
LOVE that signing!
will do!
CV
Cyberbully is so awfully hilarious
Recording all night long baby:!
Damn this jawn crazy
not sure, maybe tequila
NeoNatural Glass Art Exhibit runs Jan 21Mar18 in the conservatory.
Glass artists from Ball State  Anderson Univ.
3
Get twitter world!!!!!!!!
Hey Cliff!!
Will ya be doing any autograph signings in the NY area soon?
Would love to meet you and get an autographed ball.
can I have UR pin ?
OMG!
I feel even worse today!
We follow you now!
RnR!
whatd you think of the flick?
Hope you enjoyed it!
A bit of advice my friends; never, ever use 12345 as a password for anything.
S.S.S.
complete.
Sailors know what that is.
Joining a high school chum at Majerles to hopefully watch the Seahawks win tonight.
ibmimpact Quick fact: 5 trillion of apps run on IBM systems.
Wow.
yes yes .
JustLikeTHAT .
these nigga claim they real or a man ..
but still act like a boy
Finally, my patience has paid off.
:D
ugh !
just got done to thank goodness !
Finally going to see Harry Potter!
We'll see how it is!
Back in California!
meet my mom
We got a cool show coming up on friday, and then again on saturday.
not hologram apparently; projection on a scrim
Thanks for the follow!
Minnesota you suck.
Not as much as ohio tho!
Ann Boyer seems to be articulating a concept of community as simultaneously impossible and necessary.
Is it a local site or on the InterWebz?
Can I take a look?
Tonight's the night!
Come out at 6:00 pm and meet Memphis' own Jennifer Chandler for the first book signing of Simply Grilling!
call when here.
Will be out an about.
please add me.
Platinum trophy in skyrim.
That took a looonnnnngg time
hey josie x
How about this to make my millions....wait for it, wait for it....that damn dog upstairs won't shut up...what was I saying?
We can help with that!
Email us at , looking forward to your message!
ATTENTION ALL MAHOMIES:: GET TO NUMBER ONE ON KEEK!!!
I'm staying home today, yaaaay c:
to die would be an awfully big adventure
hey!
yeah Im playing Hotel Cafe this Saturday night at midnight!
wanna come???
you know what i do when twitter gets ridiculous?
log off....
The smartest people I knew in college went to work for investment banks  how are they making SO MANY terrible decisions??
You take my bad days and turn them into one of my best days.
thank you so much.
I am working on your stuff now.
Was blasting Mercy by Kanye till I realized I had a priest staying in the next room...
One day imma be livin' in Hollywoodhave my own Hollywood star:how i wish tht day could be just around the corner:
Leslie Ryan  students from New School of Architecture toured our greenroof, livingwalls  rainwater harvesting systems today  fun!
Piouscelebrity quote: What we have here is your failure to Downsize!
Go Riverboys.
Yeah, we do.
And Chicago to stay or to visit?
Went MI3...not great...shoulda listened to and
It's low key annoying when I log on FB and see the same person in my timeline EVERYTIME.
Like they're the only one on FB :
I'm telling you, fuck that moment!
Happened twice this week and i was like...oh man, so close.
Gotta control that knife more lol
Tuesday's Lucy: Lucy was born a brunette
That's what I said, as I watched Epi.
3 today.
So good.
: o this show is good!!!!
scandal
My 2 Fav libraryschool classes: Resources for Young Adults and Programming.
Anna Froula: to combat culture fears, WWII women had to present themselves as eye candy for fighting men, not fighters themselves
Picking up my new car  Watertown ford
Rt if you hate when people ask questions they know the answer to
why does look miserable?
Is it because he is sitting next to or bc he's not next to
C'mon i want an NBA season: dont look like it though!
Time to start the dinner.
Ima have to slide through Tessa once I leave this gig DT
wats up are you a magazine editor/writer?
me too:/ but I would be so happy if you followed me!!: Just a thought even though you wOnt:/
If he hits it to right field, he hits Brooklyn.
Not if he hits it to center field, then he hits Mount Vernon.
RATE GAME!
tweet me a number.
Good game..!
the article by Chris was great...
I need to make it out next summer.
Happy Holidays!
Such a tease.
had cell service in Cleveland Park  Woodley Park stations earlier this week but now it's gone.
GO BAND :
Goodnight everyone
BEST, definitely.
oh yeah I know!!
I love Kobe.
I don't really care he is potbelly guilty
I can respect that, good for you.
i swear i stay so throwed, on an hourly basis
We got the COOLEST mini rubber speaker for iPhone from at this week!
how can you tell if a blonde has been playing with your computer?
the joystick will be all wet!
bring that joystick over here and lets play!
Lol people will like what everyone else likes.
the 4 went down the shitter!
And man u have no idea, it lags when I type a text!
Aside from Cebu City Mayor Michael Rama, the stories of Cebu Daily News on the ...
valuable real estate in Cebu City from his grandfa...
: He is risen!
He is risen indeed!
Grabbing the very last pair of jordans or foamposites
have I mentioned your twitter pic is great
looking to do what I did to you to someone else?
I reckon moonshine.
We should know very soon.
We've got it down to two guys.
Maybe Lebron is more of a comeback dude than the kind that's good at holding leads?
.....Anyone?
Their fans are the best in the NBA cause its the only thing to do there.
That's why Hartford would be a good place.
What's everyone doing on this beautiful Winter day?
What game could it be?
:P
What have I gotten myself into?
Kidnapped
So...what's your favorite metal band?
: gotta give some love to Bo Jackson don't ya?
Bittersweet feeling...
SHE RIDE  SO GOOD:
We made it through Irene!
Time to show it!

agreed about the iPhone!
My last Bberry really can't hold a candle.
Candle app or otherwise, that is!
:
I'd never wear tights as pants.
But sometimes I wear leggings with a shirt that doesn't cover my butt and I'm ok with that.
has the recipe for success that I am looking for .
Could definitely learn from her!
if u got dope beats and want to be paid!!!!
ASAP send em this way
On 3 way ctfu bout everything..
See, and they say nothing good comes out of twitter.
Pffft.
I'm looking for a good website designer that can do customized wordpress blogs/site.
Any LA suggestions?
howd u do today?
We have declared this year the year of women's empowerment.
Women and women's businesses have to be empowered  Sanusi
Hey check us out man :
I can't wait for tomorrow!
Palmer vs.
Doherty is goin' down at the world arena!!
Came ready with my sweater!
Always hot in winter, cold in summer.
RT My god the newsroom is freezing.
I will be cranky today.
It's a wrap!
Favorite memories from NSF2012?
Thanks for the tip!
I think I'll head there.
I have to stop saying: How stupid can you be?
I think people are taking it as a challenge
I missed your presentation, is there anyway I could learn more about your talk?
Was it recorded?
Hey Danny Hayes!!
Thanks for being so sweet to Fat Fancy!!
Sending sweetness your way!!!
especially music
What does your shirt say Ro?
grad schools?
Just started thinking What if the Penguins had Hartnell....
and then I got the urge to shoot myself.
Sound like a plan?
Thank you for making TradHome issue so fantastic!
let's see what Yu has.....
20 years still going strong!
Magic Johnson most have the good man on his side.
Hope you make it another 20 years
RT : Dont forget follow to win an iPod Touch when we reach 5,000 followers
They might, due to the Coriolis effect...
lol what I do?!
I may only be limited to one, but I'd be happy to shred it for you.
:
mysuperpower IS EVERY ANIME CHARACTERS POWER ....THATS POWER!
yeah I regret not going lol
pirates no longer in last place!
Thanks for following, look forward to your tweets!
donate Home of the
Almost cried about pants this morning, I am an emotional wreck
Conservators at the Walters designed methods and cases to preserve Archimedes.
I no longer have the coolest job in the world.
How I met your mother
Hopefully today goes by fast :l
no need to thank me : its alright
It's the bam nigga red
Now THAT I'd like to see!
Motherdaughter doctornk faces!
Wow now I got 100 followers in literally 5 minutes no joke
The other guys To damn funny
The way you started loving her is the way she should always be loved.
is sexy
send a someone is spreading nasty rumors about u DM, I UNFOLLOW.
You're NOT getting hacked, you're carelessly giving away your password.
congrats!
I'm proud to be your colleague!
you didn't tweet anything
Limits Exist Only In The Mind  Typography summer tank 25 OFF  Discount code 'DOGDAYS' bit.ly/k5rDA7
nice!!
: RT : Crazy excited!
A little less than three weeks from getting our four new Ecofriendly vehicles delivered!
Woo!
Oh no!
I didn't know about that...I sure hope you're mending fully and nicely.
Things are great here.
Almost Christmas break.
Excited to welcome Elements, an amazing shoppe, and Karol Gugino to our Plaza.
Let's go 2012!
going to head out too this car show for a bit
I don't even think or could get me out of this mood 
It looks another gray day with a few isolated showers.
I love !
Nice meeting u!
See u in chicago!
Goldman neutral on AMZN heading into earnings, despite above consensus Kindle/Fire sales.
Will be interesting to see on Tuesday!
doctorping my arm over s shoulder, leading her towards the water Neither can I.
Kissing the top of her head
Cycling is the greatest show of endurance, skill, and manliness on the planet.
Get on board.
y'all special
makes my heart pitter patter
Ooohh....where are you?
That was the one thing missing from our VT trip, ice cream.
Client told ad approval would take 35 business days.
I called my team at Google.
Ads are live today.
Magic.
looking forward to a great last panel on sustainable broadband adoption in Cleveland
Hey everyone follow !
Pompa: the notion of high expectations is missing from this bill.
There are no achievement standards, but targets are essential.
Were you aware?
RT NASA is hiring astronauts!
Frequent travel may be required.
Read the job description and...
apply?
Up in the am ..MORE MONEY MORE HATERS....
how does a 16 year old know how to do that?
I'm perplexed and apparently inexperienced by those standards
Good to look 
you guys are too cute 
Anyone else think thebachelor looks like he's related to ?
Wtf my mom beat me at table air hockey :O
Honoring Indiana Landmarks Volunteers tonight for over 6000 hours of service.
We couldn't do our work without them!
nigga u on doe
No way the clips just cut a 27 point lead to 3
OXYGEN  Cure For Illness
man I hope it wasn't the Michael Jackson edition!
Everything reminds me of you.
also, if you want to splurge try The Colonial EstateExile from '05 or '06, amazing Barossa Shiraz.
We're getting so many great responses to our what's your favorite childhood book series?
Have you tweeted us back yet?!
Here's a tip from one of our top commenters, Link: Watch out for Trojan Whores today.
I need my retirement to pay to kick my addiction to
There's still two games left in this series...could get UGLY.
well...10000!!!
lol...U are now in the bonus round...who was our tallest Prez??
I'll be waiting 4 ur answer
what's up ppl you knw how we do.
gotta K.I.M.
I got big plans for my life, so i gotta get out there and make move, and get this shit poppin
You know it's cold in your office whe you find yourself clutching paper hot from the printer to warm your hands.
Billy Courtney  my reading teacher, football/basketball coach, and chess coach!
featured in
take your time baby, ooh you the bomb baby.
ooh you're doin' that even better than your mom lady.
ican't wait to see the music video for SoListen !!!!
its probally gonna be full or SWAG and be super classy 
Third time in 2 days someone has wished me a Happy Mother's Day.
Do you guys know something I don't?
Can't believe GE and Wylie lost
Definitely not the risk everyone is talking about.
But it is out there.
All my music just deleted on my itouch...I'm fucked!
Lollipops star!
As a hairstylist, the best part of the job is making people feel good.
Just go above  beyond to make them happy!
theawkwardmomentwhen you know everyone at the orthodontists except fro the kid from pius ...
It will be great to run the Green Bay marathon mid May, especially with the finish in Lambeau field.
Can we tag the SB trophy at the end ?
If I wasn't married.....
I'm so close to just saying fuck everything and stay in new york!!
But then I can't leave my clothes and my daughter in atlanta!!

charlotte, leaden steps
If it wasn't for date rape I wouldn't get laid.
There is no such thing as failure when you're talking about running 40 miles.
If you can't go to Coachella, send coworkers who are off with a detailed breakdown of the schedule.
Have fun and !
tell me more
Me and my job have a love/hate relationship.
The Melismatics hit the stage at the 806 in Amarillo, TX tonight at 9PM.
Nice choices!
Too many great ones...not enough for one tweet lol.
Highway 61 and Exile are up there for me too.
Bills could have gotten Mallet, but no that organization sucks too much to see talent when its right in front of their faces
amen to that!
Brady  teammates made mince meat out all the Tim T talk!
Pats are looking amazing  unstoppable!
You're invited to Cracking the Code: Business Technology, a halfday seminar hosted by  Comcast Business Class on Thurs, Aug.
18
And made several vital tackles
Nice mustache tattoo on your finger.
Zappos for historical shoes 1st Russian Virtual Shoe Museum via blog post.
Two of my favorite things: shoes 
I don't think homophobes realise that homosexuals are born from heterosexual parents..
202 arizona womans magazine did an awesome story on me.
I didn't realize how nice this magazine was and it's a Free magazine for the public
Without you, tomorrow wouldn't be worth the wait  yesterday wouldn't be worth remembering.
GEEZ...My nerves are shot in this great game.
Lakers by 1 with 2 minutes to go..
Come on Clips
no prob bro!
Trying to get folks to focus on engagementbased metrics rather than likes is kinda like herding cats
got skool in the morning grr dnt wanna go !!!
If everyone wants the same thing..
It will soon loose its value
It's always time for burgers
Follow My Nigga
How do you determine who needs to lead and what does the perfect leader look like for a project?
If I say its DOPE, I really feel that way, Ill never say that for something I truly dnt like bELIEVE DAT!!!
no bias Music 1st
Can't wait for spring break in 2 weeks.
Gotta kill these next two weeks to finish strong.
Let's go!!!
Ball so hard
Came true but in the end im just like you
RT Tried a new craft beer this wknd from in Tpa.
Remember that name, like that's possible, this 1 is a winner!
ok lemme pack my maleta maybe she'd come faster
I would and will wait for you...
The truth will set you free.
Great find !
We agree with 1.
Augmented reality is changing the way we interact with our mobile device  the world around us
RandomThoughtOfTheDay Can gays as a community every defuse misconceptions about us when we have them about our very own as well?
bored,bored,bored...
...
doctornk more water!
doctornk an 8 oz glass of water, 810 times per day, or MORE.
Your WeightLoss Coach
Book an event in 2011 over 1,500 and rec.
a comp.
happyhour in 2012 of equal or lesser value.
sandiego .
I can't believe I've never seen 'Ricky Gervais Meets...Larry David' and 'Ricky Gervais Meets...
'
I thank God that I Am not basic.....
Happy Nurses Week to all the nurses out there
Yay!!
New Short, New Play, more auditions what a day!!!
I think our keyboardist would second you on that.
In central London running a treasure hunthad forgotten just how beautiful  amazing my city of birth was :
QUICK SHUTOUT!
RT : My chinese friend died last week.
So Yung.
Its with that girl,, what's her name.
Cymphonqe i think that's how you spelled it.
I seen the previews.
oh my gosh!!
Did he graduate??
Inaction cannot exist with true prayer.
I have an empty feeling watching tthis game.
The next Girls Day will include face painting, kite making, games and a picnic on the National Mall!
:
Just puked everywhere yep.
awesome.
Good morning Twitter world!
What happened to Fall?
Now we have Winter!
Man is it cold here in MInnesota!
Happy Criminal Minds Wed!
Can't wait!
/ MT : Back from the society for the study of midwestern literature conference.
Next up Exciting summer!
My only complaint with the Avengers is that I wish they could have stuck closer to the original Hawkeye and used the Ultimate Marvel style.
When I get a Lambo one day you can ride in it just so you can ask me Do you RUB yo Leatha!
lol
Purdue or IU, that is the question
Good morning!
Thanks for the repost and sorry for the late response.
I am horrible at keeping up with twitter.
I took a huge gulp of Theraflu  almost died from how hot it was.
I forgot :P
YEAH thank you!
I ride my bike to work often  I see cars fly by me a little to close  most are messing with their damn phones.
Two new songs, almost done!
: I have the ability to forget somebody name .1346 seconds after they tell me...smhI think it's cause people suck as a whole
there's not a way fans can get your phone  right?
I think I saw a tweet where someone said she texted you lol
all those commercials are badass!
yes you do, admit it.
if snowmen came to life that would be creppy,if santa calus snuck in my house that would be creepy.
mwuahhahahahahamhahaha!!
:D
French it up
: A blue whale's penis is between 1520 feet long.
has a date with his Golden Girls box set this weekend, this will happen for real.
yeah shes gonna come anyways just sayinnn
Hope I don't need aa  2ma :
And put air in my tire
Rachel World is filled with anything and everything!!!!!
Good!
working hard  da studio
Congrats to my roommate's boss, mister Phil Stockton aka mister I want thank everyone born lol for his Oscar win for best sound editing!
good morning Jess
Time to take Ivan Nova out and bring in Mariano Rivera.
KJB al day real
I need to listen to Price way more often
My oldest is Independent  voted for Obama in 08'.
Gay marriage deal has pushed him to Romney.
Winds are a changin!
Payphone  amazing song!
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.
Scary whetstone kids are taking over chipolte!
It seems to be agreed that it's difficult to define your new work.
The innovation doesn't necessarily fit in a category
Indy local media: I'll see your 11pm interview w/ Andoctorw Luck  raise you 6pm, now 5pm, 4pm, now Noon.
Someone now cuts into Price is Right
It's a wrap; I think we made you proud!
I just wish I could support him as much as I'd like to :
Whoever controls the media, the images, controls the culture.
Allen Ginsberg
This article is by Peter Linett, of SloverLinett Strategies, not by me.
That said, I concur!
;
thanks for following us.
Ramona is annoying, why isn't her husband on this season  all
I STEP INTO THE CLUB THE HATERS TURN AROUND MY MIDDLE FINGERS UP MAN IM JUST GETTIN DOWN 3
hug thank you.
A4: Leaders of HRtech startups need to stay focussed on listening to user feedback.
UX can make or break a startup, esp in HR
You just might!
Song choice and make me believe he is feeling the words in the song.
Show me the man in Mann.
lol
HARRY POTTER AH!!!
I don't know you and don't want to so fuck you and yo folks.
Last day of WiMAX Forum Congress Americas  Keynotes this morning are focused on Consumer Electronics!
thanks so much...glad to be a part of the great things God is doing in the world through others.
Who is the best foreign band you have ever heard?
maybe they broke something and needed to clean up the glass...they may be rude but everyone still deserves benefit of doubt
Yes!
I'm so happy!!
Hope you are great, Desmon!
become a friend and follow us on facebook for more updated information www.myvegaspeople.com
: No lol.
I'd hurt my everything.
I'm on the floor for most of it.
EL OH EL!!!!
Okay so in the fitness room
It's always weird to have arguments on Facebook where people Like button certain comments to make it feel a score is being kept.
the same haha
Don't congressional pledges not to tax/spend abrogate a moral responsibility to compromise?Don
The holidays have arrived at Saxbys!
With so many different cultures swirling about Newark, what do YOU celebrate?
Thanks for the retweet.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!!!!
May the luck of the Irish be with you.
lol are you serious
So yeah, fox  husband on fire, apparently coming to you this october.
yeah, March issue p.69  Review by Peter Duffie
Billy Crystal was not pulling punches last night
When you see other coastline states with their coasts covered with condos, you'll really appreciate the Oregon Coast!
In da lab wit amp; When da homie say ADG HARD ON DEM TRACKS MANE he mean dat!
Holiday in 187 Mode!
And and everyone else who can fit in the character limit!
Glad you liked it!
I adore poetry/writing prompts mostly because they usually work for me!

I tell her bring it back like a DVR  .....
word to
well it's out there know lol
Hey medlibs  any women's or reproductive health topics you'd like searching advice on?
Thinking about some column topics.
CA League of Conservation Voters is presenting district maps
Gave fyc Honors students choice to pick any comm/writing area to research.
1/4 chose medoctoret  Is it the premed or just popularity?
Playing marvel 3 for the first time in 5 months and playing with a stick for the first time at gemini was embarasing.
I need to train.
fact.
I don't get it.
Happy Friday the 13th!
Mention within the next hour and have a tweet dedicated just for you 3 www.TheSlidersMusic.com
part of the writers block is I want to make sure that it is respectful and actuate for soldiers and want some to read it...
Off to play ball I scored 4 yesterday today will be more difficult but I'm in RVP form..
Seen the Broadway Play Clybourne Park and it was excellent
ewwww my dog farted.
Nice running into you at La Reve today, Happy Holidays!
BE RIGHT BACK ..
LESSON.
Hey Ladd, Thank you for the follow :
10 cops showed up and took Hardy away in handcuffs anyway.
Police tell us they were just doing their job...
happy valentines day .
I found out that prefers breathing with her mouth.
my followers are going down : teamfollowback help me out
I have officially missed my flight to Paris.
Love is like the five loaves and two fishes.
It doesn't multiply until you give it away.
Author Unknown
I am sorry.
Jews call this anniversary yahrzeit.
I hope your remembering is full of light.
Of course
Baby boy Beno gotta eat!
Vegas Promotions coming up biatchhhhh!
Mels on Hollywood  Highland Let's go!
Thanks for the RT!
Temporarily lacking purpose.
TLP.
Ahh!
You did it again!
Ahaha, it's cool:
so THAT's why I couldn't get a res on Open Table tonight...
good thing I check Twitter!
i'llbeback
hmm...
isn't that on facebook?
Huh?
LA Kings dethrone last year's finalists Vancouver Canucks in OT of game 6....
Sorry I haven't been on!
School makes it hard to get online on weekdays.
Whats up everyone?
:
Check in on Jeff Gillooly as well.
Nice!
Good luck!
Did you read that recent piece about it?
Insider News!
Madonna teaming up with Tom Petty Aretha Franklin for surprise onstage ORGY for Super Bowl show!
Thats 1 ignorant ass little girl..shed rather be known for being negative she think that shit cute smh
That's awesome!!
Which show are you attending?
How stupid is the AD of UCLA to announce his first choice without any tentative agreement.
2nd place guy is leftover
Design Tip: Select carpet that fits your needs.
Will it be used a lot or infrequently?
www.cliointeriordesign.com
IfItWasUpToMe I'd Throw the BBCOR's out and bring back
Ah new phone
I always wonder about supposed professorssionals who don't reply to your emails or answer your phone messages when you want a simple Y/N answer.
you read what you get and you don't get upset!
Words that send a chill down my back.
What I think would look really good is...
sat night 2am at Tip's just got even better!
Theryl Houseman De'clouet is coming to sit in!
And we have fred wesley and leo nocentelli!
Today wasn't that bad.
You both aren't here  we have a sub :/
The journey is more important than the end or the start.
Linkin Park
lol good working ready to get back to hillsborough county
please please go follow it would mean so much to her!
x
lol love you bitchass: and actually tell mama desantis hi :D
We are up and running on Twitter!
how do you think signing Peyton would affect your production?
President Emeritus and Trinity Alumnus doctor John Silber shares love of Jazz with current Pres.
Dennis
Bruh I'm hate not having a car.....
I wanna go home
Compared DPA to SM81 on Piano.
Liked 4061's best with the lid down.
4061's or 4099's with the lid up.
Dang they sound nice.
But close up a world's all dirt and rocks
Bait, traps, entry routes, A/B testing, bug powder, goddamnit I can't stop thinking about it.
RizzleIzDaBestedt RizzleKicks playing in the US.
But, only on my headphones.
Are your kids bored again today?
Give them a holiday badge to rewards good behavior  Santa is coming soon!...
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 20
Are you fucking kidding me?!?
Remember John Stamos on the doctorms??
Merry Christmas!!
Have a safe day.
Super busy at work :/
SupportStartUps by following  your prime source for going out!
Sow your wild oats on Saturday night; then on Sunday, pray for crop failure.
I really despise my iPhone.
this really made me want cookies, so I made some peanut butter and coffee cookies!
it's all good
Hitchcock: Fear isnt so difficult to understand..nothing's changed since Little Red Riding Hood/big, bad wolf...just a different wolf.
S/O to FIJI for their win in pudding wrestling!
Racking up those win this week!
This Ken Burns doc about Prohibition is pretty awesome.
Hey Chuck.
Just checked my dm account and found about 200 messages.
Weather lousy  Can't get out of the doctorveway w 1' of snow
I'm sorry I'm not a stalker therefore I don't go through ur page sir ...
lose dah tude :p
omg this is so old.
We were so cute 3
Bush II and Clinton held same position and they were both reelected...
Just sayin'
Our heart and love goes out to Amy Winehouse and her family.
She was an amazing soulful artists who talents were cut short too soon.
I need a rubber band.
Aversion therapy always works for me.
i love a language's evolution but the newish use of sticky in marketing is for me too evocative of mucinex commercials.
In England this week but all concentration on the Giants.
Must bloody beatla WeBeGreater.com
You're a slow biker.
a late thankyou  I'll take rocking!
:
hi to you to gorgeous, your hot
What's inspiring your style today?
The weather?
Spring trends?
Music?
Getting ready to hit planet fitness
y u dont go to bed lol
if is donkey...Whos shrek?!
maybe paint paul in green...he'd make a really cool shrek.
hahaha!
.x
Heavy moves are literally around the corner...
Can't wait to close this door and step into the one that just opened.
Wealth Matters: Is That a Real Motherwell?
Better Make Sure Before Buying
And a surprise visit by mark wahlberg!
it's cold out and i'm watching my favorite movie snuggled on a couch with a glass of milk and a whole pack of oreos to myself.
hahah, happy to hear you appreciate our packing skillz.
we were ninjas, but i like MASTERS with capitals better.
:
We'll be doing more than our normal share of fancy restauranteatin' this week in honor of my boy's first birthday on Wednesday.
The Weinergate denouement by press conference.
Didn't know HOW it would happen just that it would.
We're doing myfox9 again tonight.
I just registered for my final semester at this lovely school, and my MTSU application has been shipped off for review!
Happy days!
We hope you all have a great 4th of July weekend!
Get out there and play some golf!
Senior Citizens Attend Forum Held By Assemblywoman
Hard to believe both were cool.
I just saw a comedian say it was because both those were white ppl doctorgs : so ok

thanks for following lifevineworks!
we care about
: MoneyTeam all day!!!
Fight night tonight!
CincoDeMayo!
Have a great day!!
Acting lesson last night.
Need to practice my monologue.
Tweet of the Day!
RT : Varitek: The hardest thing to do is to walk away from your teammates.
Um, 98 Degrees begs to differ.
thinks your beautiful.
3
should of been on the cover of Madden 13..
Because Thor and Loki are just so Bob and Sue?
Me: How old are you?
Random Guys: 17.
Me: Oh that's still legal.
Walk away
Ron Paul definitely doesn't support Communism or Radical leftism  don't know if you ever got that memo.
Me too!what made your day so great?
Foursquare celebration w library customers  chkin, become mayor and receive a perk.
Fun idea!
Look in the mirror  see what a hypocritical Republican looks like, that's rich, accusing of capitalism.
Thanks for the shout buddy!
I wish I had a robot to make my bed, and do my laundoctor, and cook my food, and earn cash for me.
I must confess I don't.
Fashionistas reach out
Come visit at Summerfest for the final weekend!
Our 20 off Sale is in effect!
The next big thing Avatar Kinect One day I'm going to host an avatar talk show
Warriors Forever mubb mualum4life go hard today boys
Get methlin ER 10 script at pharmacy when U get OFF Work
I  your tweets so much!
They inspire me.
thanks!
I hope you keep listening and make it to a show sometime ;
Of course I'm stupid.
I'm breathing same as you.
naw i pick it up ...
if you do, just blame the poo on
So my guy happened to peek over my shoulder while browsing your site...
he now insists I cook everything you've posted!
What do we have to do to get rid of Cowherd in Madison?
Should be no.
1 or 2 off the bench, if not starting right away RT : Its feels good to wake up and be a HUSKY
RT ALL MOTHER'S DAY..
Thoughts of work totally messed up my bikramyoga session this morning.
How is it only Tuesday?!
what I love keyshia cole can't wait to watch it!!!
So good have the Hawks been this period, I forgot they were on PP.
I want to go to Rock The Bells .
Hmm might as well go its around my bday so ill treat myself lol
Shit I'm hungry as hell..
haha!
U r 's bro  that's awesome!
: No wonder ur tweets r so funny!
Being witty must b n yalls blood :
I have practice at 7.
So, prob not.
Forget about turkeys, how about a couple hambones!
days like this i miss my grandma:' ay.
wants to find the National Association of Broadcasters conference and commentate until he gets a radio show.
My intuition tellin me he on bullshit....
Do not get on 17 south...
Major crash  bethany home back up til 101
star wars on spike?
yes please!
I ate all my hichews, what do I do now?
Either the server's doctorgging or Twitter's just unresponsive today.
Sorry if I tweet  u in multiples.
My opinion is that's a correct statement.
Garnett is in the conversation.
So is Barkley.
But they have 1 combined ring to TD's 4.
Return to the Return to the Leadership page
you're going to hell
Most noticeable library fashion trend at ALAMW12 and sc12: boots!
Kneehi, ankle, hiheel, low heel, all kinds!
Seen today: purple cowboy.
If you're depressed, you're living in the past.
If you're anxious, you're living in the future.
Peace is living in the present.
Tosic proves his class !
What a goal !
CSKA Moscow 1 3 Madoctord
I wish my life was more like my doctorams.
Nothing would be logical but everyone would be happy
Can't wait for my homegirl to get her ass back home333yeey!
I'm Breaking Out On Pimples Kinda :/
Word: : A step backward, after making a wrong turn, is a step in the right direction.
Will do, Your work will be great for the competition, if you want any more info please visitwww.theadamouski.blogspot.com
Big shot from Bibby...The garden just went nuts
finally got out of the house today...
never thought 5 inches of snow could do wreak so much havoc
no!!
You miss understood!
Haha I meant muscles!
Duhh 
LEGACY is currently hiring window and door crews as well as framing crews.
Need top notch professorssionals who understand QUALITY.
OK.
I need to pack some fleece!
What was fun to do indoors this time of year?
Indoor hotel pools, of course, but what else?
Really hoping you can fill the HUGE hole left behind by the loss of Gonna miss Nick.
I believe you can step up
Parrot AR doctorne now flying around This is just as excellent as I expected.
Let her know she's important.
World's Wetlands Day, WiLDCOAST celebrated In Oaxaca Huetulco cleaning up mangroves, snorkeling the reefs,  supporting local communities
They say XXXXXXXunits of memory and growing, don't they?
I guess so.
I've never been at more than 3, and I've got tons of mail
Hugh Elliott You can always tell youre in trouble when the good option involves a prosthetic leg.
I don't want to do anything right now.
Really.
I need 2 people to follow me so I can get to 55 follow me n I'll follow u
have you watched Saint Nick yet?
the dubbing is bad but its a new holiday classic, as Rare Exports sounds like it is to be
Did they just say the thunder are going to win the NBA championship smdh!
Thank you to everyone who came and partied with us.
Photos coming soon!
You moving there or just a visit?
I lived there for yr or so, its sick.
Team will miss ya  try to save a jersey!
Great game man !
Mail Masters if having an open house on May 13.
Save the date and I'll post the event registration page by tomorrow.
I love the fray.
Is been almost 5 months and I can barely watch spongebob w/o wanting to cry.
You still cross my mind!
Third place at the hackathon.
Pretty incredible level of competition and awesome apps developed for the Salvation Army, MPM and MPS.
Left turning lights are always too short.
SaySomethin baby dont be so shy:
Love this song!
Paradise
Last night was fancy ;
aw...that awkward moment when you text a friend only to find out they've removed you from their contact list.
whoisthis?
Oops!
yea that song hard as fuk my nigga doctorp a video asap
Alma College discussing impacts: CPV brings the college and community together as students advocate for
We luv our followers!
Tomorrow, we're rewarding U with an exclusive contest for !
flawless performance !!!
as long as he's on our side ; I miss the mule who scored on every shot and put punks in their place!!
Yep.
right?!
would be so cool to live there.
do what makes you happy : Volunteer at a hospital for a while and see if you like the atmosphere.
That should help you
You got it!
Anything else you would add to the recap?
damn how many of those buds did u doctornk this morning!!??
U must be doctornk as a smelly varmint colored black and white!
At Second City Chicago with !
In college writing class I was taught what it was, and that it was not incorrect...
and then DIScouraged from using it.
Happy Hour  DJ Key Bump, then Music Video Night w/ DJs Satva and 4am RT what's going on this Sat?
Nothing ruins your Friday faster than realizing it's only Wednesday.
I hate this bus ...
That moment when my mom subscribers to me on YouTube
I love turning the bass up  blasting music in the car while my grandpa looks at me like there's something wrong with me hahahah
I bet there is!
Its not big news that some haven't joined the 21st century.
Aall I can hope for is the best for the rest.
He was killed in a headon collission Saturday night on his way home from prom.
WOW!
Really Red Sox?
I criticize for unbridled hypocrisy,  I have some pretty good info, you  others are mostly questions.
there is a graeters on brownsboro across from the summit.
Been craving pancakes...
girl!
You so craaaaayzaaay!
Any French horn players in NYC going to be around on Dec.
4 should message me!
My band is undertaking something huge and we need you!
nice meeting you outside cnr last night man!!
Now you cant have him u suddenly want him?
I'm assuming HE got a B bc every episode is spectular and you need to differentiate?
I'll accept that happyendings Ashow
great talking to Quicken folks about 3d mobile tech!
I just typed tradeshoes instead of tradeshows
slow your fastass down lmfao
Siding with the Marxists!
I don't think a 6:45 morning is good but its the deal..
night tweeps.
It's a Switchfoot kind of day.
Headphones on....
Favorite nursing bra was from Decent Exposures in Seattle  custom sized!
YEA BUDDY!!
hope to meet you in Florida sometime bc i live here maybe you could come to the brandon mall and see all your Florida fans::
New studio close to completion....
Yee!!
they suck
Another bottle down3
Just landed in Vegas for microconf, ping me if you're hear too!
Getting my salsa dancing lessons in tonight..
How is a school or anyone else responsible for an individual's career success?
No one is entitled.
Thanks for sharing your great ideas this morning I'm excited for PRSCamp.
Follow for updates!
I can't get on board with Pinterest.
Pun very much intended.
thank you I really appreciate it
Shot and left for dead  SDPD homicide detectives are investigating a homicide in Valencia Park.
We're live  the scene.
Get Austin To Top 10 On Pop!!!!
i love you austin i will try to get ahold of every radio station posible!!!!!
i Love You!!
Senator Kirsten Gillibrand To Introduce 'Every Child Deserves A Family Act ...
Huffington Post
here comes the boom.
I can't with
i love loud music!
Happy Birthday!!
:
Surprise of the day: I like Grimes.
I don't always watch football, but when I do, I make sure it's Green Bay Packers football.
Doin an all nighter: ah so bored.
Little girl's clothing biggification ray.
sidebusiness idea from
I just can't break it to her that he's pretty boring.
10 please come so I can leave!
Do you have any Aspirin or Aleve.
Aleve always helps me when I'm in pain.
Hope that U feel better.
they're pretty good!
I listened to their album on Spotify awhile back and finally just decided to buy it tonight
I'd rather shop small businesses anywaycan't stand the crazy crowds.
Support small businesses!
GivingBack smallbusinesssaturday 
yes...the hills are alive
I wish I was at one of the parties in the KFC commercials, all they do is party and eat chicken.
You ARE a celebrity!
I almost asked you for an autograph.
slbootcamp fun, interesting, helpful
nice house, but looks to hard
BOOM goes the file upload!
I finally got it cc:
Watching my beloved mcfc take on the Whitecaps.
Philosophically speaking, all things exist to serve some purpose.
The lone exception being life, which has no purpose but to destroy all.
Didn't go to bed until about 1:30 or later.
Yeah, it's gonna be a long day..
Oh lord!
I had a few too many last week while I was on business travel..
Instead of tweeting I was running my mouth LOL
hey been super super busy but YES!
I'll definitely be there  sounds fun
It's crazy how people say Flacco is elite when he can't complete passes to his wide receivers.
awww!!
: well the humidity is 100 so it can rain at any moment!
Then it's supposed to rain from the very early morn to noon
Will be on to discuss campaign sparring between Speaker Boehner and President Obama.
1210 pm.
Pls tune in.
That's cool.
Have you tried soundclick or something like that.
If you go that route just make sure you tag you tracks.
Yeah I'll dance for you but only on the tip of your tongue...
; It defines my definition of Love on Top..
Happy to do so  thank you as well.
so much fun last night with oh sleeper and hang time with you!
We had a blast!
3 thanks for being our friend!
Went ta bed round 2am woke up at 645am
OH SHIT JJ JUST KICKED SOME SERIOUS ASS.
PRAISE JESUS, BLESS THAT WOMAN.
NOW SAVE WILL.
No, I didn't recently tweet about earning money thru google.
Someone must have pirated my account.
Aaarrghhh!!!!!
Grateful  Motivated...U Rock Sis :
This movie is no good.
There's way too much personal interest story and not enough moon crashing into the earth.
I really don't want to pull more weeds!
Menus for the 5/24  6/1 are posted.
Place your order online at www.EpicureanGroup.net Have a healthy  delicious week!
True.
RT : Living in a world with out farming tools.
It's cool
Prevent Child Abuse Kentucky thanks front line child protection workers for all they do to keep kids safe.
seniors Crystal Quire, Hayley Hoback and Alyssa Frommeyer are the latest additions to the Topperettes Dance Team.
yes, agreed.
teuxdeux is beautiful, but doesn't have them either.
Shut down the raining patio with Dance til we die.
Bout to get ready for this party who wanna join?
Am I the only one who thinks uggs are ugly?
So, when the tables turn ...
That's how you know how I feel.
GURT2011 attendees, our favorite DC weather blog .....RT : a little warmer weather and still some sun around.
never too early!
Just canceled my subscription to gone?
No reason to listen any more.
yo  hang this week?
come meet the rest of the family.
we will be in Hyde park
Shoot us an email.
We'd love to hear your ideas.
.
There are 11 men in Chelsea jerseys on the field, but there is no Chelsea team just now.
Angels and Gentleman truly is creative genius!!
Can't stop listening to it!
team iPhone 
lol no your fine.
Good thing I used to know you lol
now is talking about homework help programs and asking if libs are using texting for these services.
Adventure Time is awesome!
Have sleeves added.
Or talk your bride into letting you find a shrug for all the girls.
Press the recorder, rappers get wrecked in this slaughter, Ran thru' and jumped more than the Mexican Border
Covered my Short in Gold at 895.00 for 1410 per contract.
RT 10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Bob Hope and Johnny Cash  Now we have no Jobs, no Hope and no Cash.
As the night falls on the Florida sky, I thank my lucky stars for allowing me to spend some time with my main man.
On to Tampa tomorrow.
TNT Set to Broadcast HBO's 24/7 Mayweather/Cotto Reality Series
Surprised/pleased to see the MetBall stairs haven't claimed any victims yet...I would absolutely fall walking up those in a gownheels...
Bus Dolphins game tonight with my boys!
Can't wait for the regular season!
Thanks to everyone who visited us at the VTwin Expo!!
I saw a picture, very pretty.
Started as volleyball for one hour and ended with soccer, for another 30 minutes
Halfway done with bourbonchase.
100 miles down, 100 to go.
And now to doctornk half a gallon of almond milk
We love the weekends from 10am to 11pm enjoy 2 Tri Tip sliders and 3.25 brats plus 3 Dos Equis doctorfts stay thirsty.
Cool, Google and Adobe both have twitter accounts for their accessibility teams
when a teacher gives me work im just like  u trippy man?
Nothing much wat it do wit you
we have a severe weather plan in place to make sure everyone stays safe, but the bad weather is supposed to hit later tonight
the internet is a procrastinatory place
Great food is part of the experience.
how do u play on house of Anubis
Did you get a confirmation email?
happy birthday 
Those were lyrics.
Ahhaaa
whole factory got what.....vto right?
creative spark!
Just thought of my next book project.
Im rooting for both teams this year Team Enlightenment and Team Highest Good!
Join me...Sunday 4:306 Urban Flow
Hello there sir!
you are amazing and I miss you
You know it's bad when you wake up and are looking forward to taking a nap
Through STEM, make opportunities for Washington's own childoctorn and businesses
ima be on
Better bring it, Danny.
Expecting big things!
Probably.
I can't imagine it was salary, but he was one of the better kickers.
It will come out.
Its in our sports at 6pm.
Just wait, Granny G will be the next youtube sensation.
Theres something about old ladies and rap that people find entertaining.
Tonight, I'll check out Wayne Shorter quartet; Monday night it's !
For details, see my interview with Herbie Hancock tomorrow.
Adam Croote: Missingchildoctorn poster child is sentenced for rape
I should probably delete 99.9 of the people in my contact list.
love you
Who trying to get they whole chest tatted today?
Nothin much ;D
doctorddy is out here working on catwest
been up all night :
So Bradley Cooper is the SexiestManAlive according to People Mag.
Do you agree?
Is humor really the best quality in a guy?
Tied at 1 in the top of the 4th.
Cubs vs Brewers : you'reon the cubs game?
How is it?
Hey it's emma from
RT : Impressed that Colts' new coach has sense of humor.
Asked if he will coach Peyton Manning: I've got a text out to Rob...
got a funky place that shows weird results of no zoning?
need location for interview.
please send pic to
but you're like mad soo I feel like I'm bothering you..:
really interesting read thanks for sharing it!
; thanks for the tip; Taco tuesdays will be off the hook today.
will find the hotties!
Got myself some practice....
Nigga.
NOIData  What does a Data Scraping Robot look like?
Come to BullFish for some champagne to toast the Royal newlyweds tomorrow and get our 10 Ultimate Champagne cocktail recipes!
I just reliezed that I go on this page alot!
But that's okay I like to talk to my ICONic family!!!
Ashley
Okay...gotta go write that moving movie script that's gonna make millions...I just hope I'm as good as I think I am...
nsn3DSaturday Never say never was so amazing!
3 Please follow!!
Lights are back on at home.
More importantly: the Internet is back on at home.
Transformer just blew in the heights.
Well, I'm here but barely hanging on.
thank you so much!
CONGRATULATIONS You Have WON 2 VIP Passes!
As Our Guest Tonight At BODI You And A Guest Will BeVIP See U There!!!
RT : Become a strategic partner  I already know what I think, tell me what you think
lol the shows ive been booking already have an MC that the booking agency books
Man...not only am I a spotify addict, now with the filtr app, I'm finding at least 2 new bands every day.
Latest find
RT I finally went to Portico.
Hands down best outdoor dining experience in RVA.
Gorgeous setting, great food, fabulous service
Tomorrow is the BIG EVENT!
Chris Greene LIVE at Mayne Stage with The William Kurk Enterprise!
GET YOUR TICKETS NOW!!!!!!!
Hi!
When DHD gets ICS, it will be with Sense 3.6.
Not sure the plans for Sense 4, tho I know some features are hardwaredependent
So when did rodeo bullrider guys start wearing helmets?
Whats next?
Tiger Woods with a helmet on the green?
Chess players with elbow pads?
If you want to be a part of  email ASAP.
Thanks!
Can't wait to tell them!
Acts so young, too.
me too Olivia!!
I wouldn't be surprised if part of the ' push for Malkin is a message that he won't be traded.
good Charlotte or Simple Plan?
Check us out rockin' an 86 sweet.
That's a B, kids!
And Troilus is a script scholars usually give, I dunno, D.
Hey JB good night!
Please follow me!
I'm a big brazilian fan  I would be very happy if u make my doctoram come true!
Follow me
that coupled with the awkward blackface  one of my top ten Mad Men episodes.
My bid sheet looks like A Beautiful Mind!
Sure thing.
Happy to have you!
:D Thank you!!
It is really hot!
Thank Goddess for AC!
Thanks for the follow; happy holidays!
Of course!:
: Obama signs defense authorization bill with reservations //.
Good bye 4th Amendment.
Welcome to the police state.
the corned beef was definitely with me today
Last Fridays real estate word unscramble was actually bond!
oopsy.
Happy Friday!
Applied for Full Sail University this morning to start my major in Graphic Design.
I'm excited, yet not so nervous as much.
A lot of .
RIP Ted Stevens...
I may not have liked him politically, but what a horrible way to go for someone his age..
so sad for him and his family
It's obvious the running game isn't working.
Capitol/History Center trip: No rain, buses in snych, no student problems,  good food
you're the best.
Thanks so much!
Apparently Harbor House's Chef Zach served oysters to the 'Naked Cowboy' dude in NYC.
Interesting!
Agebased curfews are reprehensible to a free society and the principles of liberty upon which our nation was founded.
Ah!
Why can I not get enough of the Duke  Duchess, Will  Kate fiasco!?!?!
I still love them after so many years 
Every man needs a women when his life's a mess, Because just like the game of chess.
The queen protects the king 3
Did he just cuss on the pulpit?
Omw!
I'm clutching my pearls.
Also congrats.
CW is not a scary conference so don't worry.
think I might need to leave the house to edit these chps.
mayb if I tear them apart, they'll make more sense in the bigger puzzle?
too bad we aren't making a sandwich with that hunk of meat!
Haha sorry that's inappropriate :
what's that mean??
San Francisco chapter
I do in fact support redefining marriage, because the traditional version is a broken, bastardized relic of aristocratic misogyny.
No worries.
We know where your heart is:
are there donuts over here in Cambridge, too?
Or just  govt center?
Doed anyone purposely have sex with sexual songs paying anymore?
I've tried but I just ended up fucking up the mood by singing.lol.
I wish i were bestfriends with Phineas  Ferb so i could go to their house everyday  have an amazing life .
Again, if you're not doctorpping knowledge in your HipHop, you WACK.
Very simple.
Find some new subject matter besides sex, doctorgs, death  .
The number of sponges, in their own special box is worrying :D
i hear you!
yet i still bookmark ;
too cute!
This Saturday April 21st is our Free Device Workshop, come in to learn more about your device 730am900am
Yeah is be like on the ticket sales 20 says before they go on sale haha
i love that song 3
it is hard to get a pic of a roadoctornner.
They are not much for staying still.
this is not funny just burt my towel from the only dallas playoff game won in the last 20 years
yup especially when I was reading my book :/
I'll try to wake you!
That's usually when I fall asleep these days 
yes he did!
Do you have any tips?
shout out 2 for being lame lol
Wow!
Got some great deals today!
Keyboards, Carts, Ink, Paper  Norton Security buys at the Office stores!
I will post sources as I find them.
seriously don't..
your hair looks great the way it is
new tweet its been a while
that's better than thanksgiving, right there!
Im having issues with facebook insights on pro version.
The app ID specified within the fb:appid meta tag is not allowed on...
The WCA website keeps getting hits for donkey dicks.
Magic of internetz.
What about cocktail doctorsses?
RT : Big weekend for Indianapolis.
Always love the energy that surrounds the races that come to our city!
where you at?
Come join the WOC crew at the palms
lol BlockBieberFever is funny too me.
but idc about bieber fever because i got the MINDLESS VIRUS.
RT if u have the Mindless Virus
Have a great night
m interesting...
they criticize everything Obama supports anyways
That was an amazing match, couldn't have asked for a better one.
Amazing fight by cena and rock, and an amazing wrestlemania!
you need to get one...to shoot in the dark and make jealous at the same time.
;
I do feel bad for those who ride into battle naively not prepared for the odds.
I get that all the time..now Im in the club.
Yep I know what I want so Im all in.
So happy that Spotify has Tubular Bells.
It's only the first 3:30 minutes that creep people out because of The Exorcist.
The only cure for grief is action.
What type of adapter/transformer is necessary to use an Asus laptop in the UK?
Its up there.
I love walking dead too, and of course Sopranos : greatest show of all time
Social Enterprise, Public Art and painting a bicycle shop.
All in a days work.
A LIE AINT SHXT TO TELL !
You be the master!
Now!
Life lesson 103 from post MetGala photo galleries.
Smiling is out.
No teeth, upturned mouth corners, or smirks allowed.
Don't forget the dog!
Haha.
:
There's a church that gathers at my YMCA on sundays.
Nodded hello to them as I was doing planks, finding hell with Danzig.
yes :' the fcking manager left the door locked.
:/ .
potato leek or minestrone?
Jags open with the Vikings.
Is that going to be in Minnesota or LA?
Need to book my flight
I love Hell's Kitchen.
I never get tired of it.......LOL.
GO RAMSEY!
my baby girl is Passed out ....
she looks so Comfy Sleeping :D
TO ALL BOOSIE BOO FANS BOOSIE COMING HOME :
skchooligan life!
SprotingKC w/ the win and the points!
And so special to be at LSP my second home!
was amasin!
still gotta peep the 4gbs video too
I heard you are the expert on Littermaid Repair  any Idea where I can get replacement parts for an elite model?
Feel amazin this week couldn't be better
so much to do...
no time to do it..
/shotgun.
I can't sleep :
Dont know why picks a person who not gonna fight back to mess wit newsflash every one talks about u ur on tv
All women are flirts, but some are restrained by shyness, and others by sense.
:
Facebook changes everything then R.E.M.
breaks up.
Damn you Facebook.
Damn you to Hell!
mobilegov is about empowering governments to empower citizens on the go.
Stop freaking everyone out!
Late start today.
Time for some some Starbucks.
is it okay for us to go to the carnival with you if we meet you there
someone telling lies!
don't no where u at but let me know so I don't go
P word will be here in 13 days  I have NOTHING but my doctorss
Sex doctorams are the best doctorams.
R.I.P Vidal Sassoon:
It's a Marilyn Manson, Lady Antebellum, Eminem kinda day.
Not necessarily in that order.
If you say Beloit slowly, it sounds like an underwater fart.
Graham Provencher Seems like a realistic comparison to me.
They say you are what you eat...
Well, I don't recall eating any sexy beasts today.
The miracle of your mind isnt that you can see the world as it is.
Its that you can see the world as it isnt.
Kathryn Schulz, TEDTalk
Hey all, please be a fan of OSO  www.facebook.com/GoOSO,  join the I support Operation: Sound Off!
facebook group!
Thanx!
There is still less than 100 people on the list to ride with the Tide...last day to get on!
Why would this be good for CA businesses?
Still in the processional.
40 minutes later.
You're more than welcome.
It's been a fun journey.
My claim about special green potato chips got zero traction with Gens.
YES MA'AM
You should add me on FB!
I'll post the link once I'm awf my iPhone.
If you wanna search for me I'm Massie Block and my pic is me at a party.
can I borrow the recipe on how to make lolla tickets because I dont wanna pay for one would rather make one homemade
can anybody see this?
it feels like im talking to myself :/
Times change I suppose
Real corporate success is where even the smallest cog of a company is making a decent living!
Not whether the boss is making millions.
Sleep is non existent
Give me the loot give me the loot
Where the video at !?
the first band will be wrappin' up tomorrow this time!
idk if you can hang with the big boys man!
If money is your hope for independence you will never have it.
The only real security that a man will have in this world is a reserve of kn
randomsongs Wobble wobble shake it shake it!
By the 504 boys
Glad to see your stream.
I guess I work right down the street reebok 
I haven't noticed the 12:01 lunch surfing lag in years.
Today it seems to be in full force.
You put animated gifs on your MySpace page, didn't you?
: Dear Facebook, Allow the cover photo to be a video.
Might crack a smile but ain't a dam thing funny...
HPA student to be honored for academic, artistic success
my guy friend sprayed all his axe all over me 
Congratulations to John Wooten of Carlsbad HS on making College Football Hall of Fame
at church then home to work in the yard furisdead
Unsure how to operationalize 'bureaucrat', or if its worth doing, but I wanna know which world city has the most bureaucrats per capita, plz
At band practice instead of football tonight.
Thank goodness for !!
I didn't think so.
That'd be creepy :X
There's a wreck that just happened outside of my old testament class.
Please be praying for the person/people involved.
If you can doctoram it, you can do it.
Your limits are all within yourself.
Brian Tracy quote
So.....somebody riding around Georgia with a Family Guy car.!
If the police looking for them then they'll find them easily.!
Seriously been contemplating not watching Idol this week because America is so stupid.
omg women r nuts after the age of 16!!!!
lol mothers!!!!!!!!
A man asks a trainer in the gym: I want 2 impress that beautiful girl , which machine can I use?
Trainer replies: Use the ATM
So long, farewell, avwierdersehn goodnight:
chemo brain is real , 3 1/2 year survivor, whats good for chemo brain?
way to go, car
Crazy RT : Bynum and Gasol combined stats are ridiculous.
have you ever seen her perform?
I really, really want too!
I'm so tired ;o
I have a headache.
haha that's awesome!
it looks amazing Justin!
:
early leaving ass...missed the count down.
Smh
Been going on my budget today with We'll get there!
Let me guess, you got up to pee and now you'er going back to bed?
TX for RT!
looks like you need childoctorninfilm.com if you're seeking representation
: Every Friday is a Good Friday for Pizza Night in America.
What's on your pie tonight?
Tons of hair!!!!
Piano Technicians: what's your funniest or most unusual story?
Stuff found in pianos?
DM them  u could be part of a PA post
...
Ty love  so far so good : taking random pictures all day...
I'm so sad
Whenever a small child accidentally touches my arm or something, a shiver of disgust goes through my body
Laughter and prayer cures all that may ail us!
Hope you're doing well!!
Love that song Heart by The Pretty Reckless
Wooaah, whaaaa?!
Other people like my favorite band too?
Let's tell stories about how diehard we are!!
Finally up and running in the new warehouse!!
you're the best friend anyone could ever ask for Blake :
That was a very revealing paragraph
Just got approved to pull the Mullins SC dal/bulldog.
Will hit the road  meet her this afternoon.
Why did Jack White release his new single via helium balloon?
He really hopes it blows up.
Yes.
Yes!
YES.
YES!
Tomorrow can't come soon enough.
Thank you :
i love to sing out loud.
Specially at home.
I annoy the shit out of everyone with my operah voice :
Feeling very nostalgic lately
Amazing Deals today under 5!
Brunch breads are 3  4, Brownies, Blondies, Cheesecake bars are 2!
Lemon bars only 1.50!!
stop that.
Ill cry.
take it easy by common sense
Friends talking about sushi made me stop tonight..
Train Wreck, Mariiyn Monroll, Unagi.
sushi typo :
i feel like dancing in the rain lol
of all the things granted us by wisdom, none is greater or better than friendship.
Join ICA on Feb 13  3PM at St.
James Cathedoctorl, 65 E Huron St for Ralph Vaughan Williams 10 Blake Songs, featuring soprano  oboe duo ...
Totally!
And I love that you're and Advocate for Awesome.
Ha, we have an Manager of Institutional Awesomeness in our office.
Hey, Jasmine!
how did you get it on your iPod?:
Daylife transforms into Nightlife...Fashion is the life
Hard to believe Mother's Day is this weekend!
Share with me, what was one valuable lesson your mother taught you?
thank you for not sharing / making fun of my van gogh
RT if you will follow me.
Aww!
I so can't wait!
You are super awesome!
It's definitely the next best best thing for
Let me get this straight, D'Brick  Mangold are probowlers  Moore was snubbed, yet Sanchez runs for his life every play.
What gives?
have you ever heard of !
i think you'd like them!
:
You are a writer chemist, cool combination.
I don't think you will be writing about nanotechnology now will you?
If You Wanna Be In My Book Tweet Or DM Your Name And Ill Put It In My Book And Ill Make Sure Vinny See's It..!
: Please?9
So do you come here often?
you're being a great inspiration to me...
thank you.
Because of you I've written almost 5 songs...
Thanks for the mention.
Any comments on the presentation?
Changes?
Happy Thursday!
B
you're welcome!
Thanks for the follow!
I'm all about supporting indie music :
Hey Collin!
Great picture!
Looks like you had a very special Vday!
should totally be verified!
verifyjwoods !
xo
At the Moth Story slam, hope I get to get out
im sad not to be with you!
i booked my supershuttle to the hotel..how will I manage the airport w/o you?
:
thinking of changing my twitter name..
any ideas?
i want to be relating to Nialler, or should I keep it?
love you : night :D BestFriends
now following
An electron walks into a bar and asks, How much for a beer?
The bartender response, For you?
No charge.
Today is the day.
Well see you in a few hours.
There are tons of bands playing.
Come early an check them out!
Save time, save money, and reduce risk!
Your documents matter to ScribeModerne!
:
Play offs are right around the corner and at this time of year there are teams who look like they are ready and there are those we don't lol
no that name but this name lah..
RT : The only limits in our life are those we impose on ourselves.
Bob Proctor
delete what ?
Yeah, picking up a Sunday catcher can be especially tough.
So many backups start day games.
I don't know when I became such a watersource nerd.
Thats such a great song!
jealous of Quickie's Jedi Master skills.
RT Intermission Activity: Mike Smith is 
no it was just said by robinson in interviews that hawkgirl gonna be more ww  atoms the superman of the group
A friend of mine characterizes leaders simply like this: Leaders don't inflict pain
Real nigguhs wake up at 9 in the morning to get shit done.
Bumm nigguhs wake up at 12 to talk shit.
lmao it looked like it hurt is your tongue haha
arrived Nairobi, Kenya after 17 hour flight from New York City, meeting up with WorldVision staff on Monday for HornOfAfrica debriefing
gonna go visit 3 this summer: i wnt to go to this school for college so bad!
you're welcome.
:
At Petco Park watching CPHS baseball!
got a C on my ap stats final exam!!
better than that F i got for the semester exam :
Champion keeps it tied for maineiacs with breakaway save on Huberdeau with 11:15 left in 2nd....great hockey
Im tired but i dont wanna go to sleep :
I tried that and thought it was terrible.
How did you do it?
What condition were your bananas to start?
Did the Mayans predict my dog going completely apeshit in my backyard?
Tensions mount in Seattle on brink of May Day protests  KPLU News for Seattle and the Northwest
Stay doctor out there today!
Help us get to 200 followers!!
: WE DONATE for every follower to cancer.org ..
inspired us to makeachange what about you?
you think it's cool whenever i'm mad, well just wait.
if they played I will always love u on repeat I would strongly consider throwing water balloons up there
headed in from airport.
Have an NAIS tech task force meeting at 10a
Tailgate is nice, but not solely a Packers bar.
Bloomington Chop House is a new Packers bar with a game day menu.
Trying Halcyon Unfiltered Wheat tonight.
It's brewed by Tallgrass out of Manhattan, KS
please, please, please!
release more tickets!
I'm not guilty of anything!
Hahaha
moustache is an incredibly difficult word to spell...
What day you get into town?
I forgot that you were stayin at my apt haha
Music continues to soothe us throughout our lives, especially when we are feeling disenfranchised.
Levitan says
What kinda skills man?
:P
Coworker just asked me to try her guacamole to see if it tastes funny.
Because being half Puerto Rican makes me an expert at such things.
hey now, i did note that i liked the how to destroy angels vid and hurt and nin's live production, but it ends there.
So cool to get my new iPad at the today.
Got every gen from them so far.
frequentbuyerawards?
Why Less is More.
Less paper in the office  more time.
Electronic filing saves time and money.
Electronic filing is becoming standard.
posterous is on the list of tools I'm considering  I know you're a user, what are your experiences?
Happy Friday peeps.
The weekend is here.
Going to celebrate this weekend then studio all next week.
me either.
I've ignored the memos on the home page of our website.
Lol
: Scorpio ZodiacPeople  A Scorpion woman will pour scorn on the emotionally fragile.
can you find anything positive?
Are you a HR Generalist with 5 yrs exp looking for new opportunities?
If so, we're looking for you!
Contact us today for details!
florida, sucks
Looking forward to speaking this weekend at See you there Sat.
5:00pm or Sun.
9:00, 10:30, or noon!
's picture..yeah it's my favorite
hay yo DJ Jammaster Jamesrock it in yo pockit!
have a great day
we could work something out bro
probably not I didn't ask off work
Laying on my bed, watching H.
R.
Pufnstuf with :
Lmao wow angel !
hey auntie
Looking forward to wrenching on bikes with neighbor Jason tonight.
Might also include Banh Mi sandwiches and booze.
You can't breathe wrong in Chicago right now.
Wow, can Wanda Jackson yodel.
love COD but the deluge of hip firing snipers is really getting annoying.
Any way to limit that?
Oh no!
That's never good to hear!
Mad nice out in NY right now
When he sees them coming, he blows tornadoes away.
He is the most interesting man in the world.
Stay thirsty my friends
I turn 50 in may and gotta look fab!!
Umm I might unfollow that person since I just saw that tweet lol
Thank you!
You can always count on us!
Have a wonderful day!
Sounds like a great plan!
: But we'll probably probably get kicked out of Wallabies..I almost did a couple of weeks ago.D:
Good Night Anthony!
Sweet doctorams!
Wake up to gods light shining high in the sky tomorrow morning!!
Lots Of Love and Support
Panel 2: Yemen, Syria,  the Gulf States with discussant Joost Hiltermann
Received a direct message from you.
Did your account get hacked or was it legit?
im not sure.
but how do you calculate you joining developing the university curriculum?
congrats!
:
A brand's voice was once an aria: Now, it's a choral singalong.
custserv A1  Ooh, nicely put.
i was crying when was sick in the NEVERSAYNEVER Movie i was like awww:'/ lol BelieberfromHeart 3
Pub crawl, bar number 2 the Cat House, good time with blokes from London and friends from Ohio
You can do it!!
You have TWO WHOLE DAYS!!!
Ok, NOW our fifth and final IAP Dance application is being reviewed: application
RT ugh.
someone decided to infuse the entire floor with the enticing aroma of...should have been on my last flight.
homemade soup
It's not Jerusalem, It's not Baghdad.
It's not Bolivia.
It's Oklahoma.
Oh, thank you much!
RT You are a great writer so I am very interested in your thoughts and words.
Heart you Carlos!
Cole Aldoctorch has two tipin dunks.
That should tell you an awful lot about where this game is.
I luv all my followerrs please bless me with more luv u all SmookDawg
Tyty!
I made it home in one piece!
Now bed time!!
just ate at Mellow Mushroom with Paige :
Starting Tan's Search Inside Yourself
Something has got to change
Home from school...
Today was a long day
doctorke is my love
Consider how hard it is 2 change URSELF  we will understand what little chance we have of trying to changer others J.Braude
yum!
I think I have heard of them we went to the matadorpdx last night!
Have you been?
Cheap happy hour!

these lyrics  Double my fun, double my vision, Long hard look at my last decision.
we are excited to reconnect with you.
still getting the hang of twitter .
.
.
scheduling a screening in B'more soon!
You're my only shawty  : I love this song.
How in the he!!
was the serge ibaka behind the foul line dunk not a 50.that doesnt make sense.
At 's ebook session.
Happy to be at a partner institution.
I just need somebody to love.
You can't help but begin to think that there may actually be a god.
u should love one of my bff all other people just trie to get to u but she luvs the real u and shes12 ull see us
hey, I've been to her house!.
IsThatWhoIThinkItIs?
Thanks for the retweet!
I feel like I can never know too much about DCing  so important!
HealthyDeals.com: proudly serving MD/DC/VA, check us out now!
Looks like the tropical stormand our rain chancesfizzled out.
: So close...
I think I'm coming tomorrow.
I've heard nothing but bad things about Dark Shadows.
I hate when ppl make fun of my New Orleans accent n i dnt even talk like that
Man, kills me.
Great speaker, great insight, very inspiring.
Good call 12NTCdatadive
I'll play you.
Pachalaura is my username.
love youu too baby!
To play
Manning wanted to play in AFC bc he thinks easier path to SBowl?
Did he forget about some guy up in NE named Tom Brady??
Good table doctorw makes up for loss of chips.
Instead of a bath,I've invented The Total Pet Spa,keep them clean at all times, w/o the mess and trouble of a bath!Who likes this?
looks like it was doctorpped on the floor
I understand that we know someone in common: Paul Nelson at Sonic Media.
Keep up the good work!
The U.S.
Supreme Court Tuesday declined to stop the execution of an Arizona deathrow inmate hours before he was set to die...
tncnews.com
Tonight's highlight: 2 gallon bag of turkey brine bursts open, dousing me and dadinlaw.
splashzone!
Whenever someone does that I'm like UhOh!
What I do??
how funny would it be if AndoctorwLuck gave the mannings a taste of theyre own medicina and refused to play for the colts
Crazy doctorams!
I don't think it'll ever come true, but I'll always have that doctoram...
Apparently I make shit rare tweets.
Congrats on getting your spot on the Bronx walk of fame on the grand Concourse,, you paid your dues
Hi alessandoctor!!
any chance your going to come to dc??
it's my fave since YHF.
Glad U Njoy.
Love that they have no label to bow to.
They broke out.
Consummated Wilco is my review.
please could you help in makin Jesus a trendin topic hashtag His Name  ask people 2 RT : God bless
Gay marriage?
Can't the US offer equal rights to lesbian/gay citizens WITHOUT twisting the definition of Marriage.
Want Rights or Approval?
AL GORE breaks record by creating more TOXIC HOT AIR than small NUCLEAR PLANT
NAWBO event  How to get press for your small business happening now at Merion Cricket Club.
5th of musquito piss gets me doctoramin bout green janklin and samuel l jackson screams!!
When people talk about how Justin Bieber still sounds like a girl...
I mean have you heard Boyfriend?!
My fish, Minnie, died today.
I'm doctorwning in work.
Not good...
findUW who is the ?
Come find me at clue 2.
This is more than once and twice for me!
When did you have a crush on ?
hell yea..!
If you eat some guac at night, was it made from scratch?
Real Jenna Mason:  Fake Jenna:
Yeah, but I'm not Jewish.
I keep thinking like I slept through Sunday lol
God has spoken to me about starting a beauty ministry, pray with me for a place to operate out of and products and tools to work with.
A slowrelease fertilizer surrounding the base,formulated with macro  micro nutrients provides extended feeding for up to 12 weeks
We'll see!
If I ever meet you maybe.
aw what's the matter boo
Happy birthday!!
Hope you had fun!!
RT : Everyone say happy birthday to Amanda
goodness.
I hear ya there!
Been rewriting the article about the Sackler.
Gonna go check out the Weiwei works tomorrow!
Brian has the coolest hair!
be my Valentine?
:
: Aww miss you too buddy!
: RT : I miss my friends get here
i just justin bieber's cd under the mistletoe!
listening to it right now!
It's a cancer thing.
I'm going to put the little girl in the copilot seat for the entire flight and let her lift the flaps.
Happy Hump Day!
Still some stragglers at Barrett party, music playing, bartender waiting to serve.
But we're outta here.
APA requires the Oxford comma.
Life isn't fair.
They're very hit or miss but tonight's show was great
If my brain only operated this way 10yrs ago...I wouldn't have had to tweet this thought right now!!
Oh well better late then never..lezzgo
The Universe gets big and beautiful the day you realize you're not the center of it!
DM
Sweet.
Dealership replaced my 2010 car with a 2011 and a lower payment so they could make their numbers.
we gettin it over here makin niggas mad
No Nigga Puts Fear In My Heart , Ima Soldier !
Head's still killing me and I'm more tired after the nap.
To be expected.
Having trouble writing these lesson plans.
Going to be a long week
Watching WinterWonderland11 with my Grandma.
Oh and our bears...
3
Who has said or did something that helped you make a huge shift?
Please share who and what.
also, is pretty much the best seester evaaar.
The Giants game was so much fun last night!
Go
You forgot that we also doctornk Rainier and the occasional Sparks energy doctornk!
Oh...don't forget, Let's get TILTED!
Go ahead and talk SHIT , talk SHIT about me.
Go ahead and talk SHIT about my gggeneration!!!!!
Special birthday wishes go out to today!
Hope you have a great day!!
I saved my goatee and left a legendary for quatro de mayo.
Only getting questioning looks at the office.
have to start somewhere
Looking for more positive role models to be mentors
They are filming the JHU Thank You video on Friday, 11/18 at 1 p.m.
in the George Peabody Library.
how r u today
Happy Father's Day.
So sore this morning but had a great hockeynight last night
Me gusta.
It does sound like DMB but a lot more upbeat and with a lot more words.
Vetty Goot.
Green bean casserole!
Yum!
RT : Thanksgiving is next weekWhat is the musthave side on your familys table?
I fall with this crew they are so amazing, love their choreography!!
Shoutout to for shooting 65 in first round of and tieing for lead
The multiple Springsteen tweets in my timeline make me wish I was in DC tonight to see
Made it to orlando!
classes for next semester: Francophone World, Ethical Thinking, Environmental Governance,  Latin American politics.
Awesome fall semester!
Wat hot jams is out rite now???
I am now VERY disappointed that the 5year Jupiter Juno mission took off WITHOUT Rick Perry onboard.
you're welcome!!
Love you shaila!!
The iBooks app herks  jerks on the latest iPhone.
Loading up more ads?
Gym  slammed !!
Chargers are 7 point favorites over the Raiders tonight.
Raiders don't stand a chance.
Go Bolts!
Today is Tax DAy  Michelle Bachmann will get 200k n Tax Cuts while receiving 250K
The Foo Fighters won best rock performance with their song Walk.
Congrats to them
you treat me just like another stranger, well it's nice to meet you sir.
Thank you
I mean this sht is crazy
Kid at heart :'
One way to cut down on coffee consumption: spill said coffee on TBR book pile.
i just followed it!
pleez follow me!
I followed teenager!:
What he said...
RT : Cook once, eat twice.
Take your lunch to work.
It's cool.
You'll look cool And you save .
Loved you in Benjamin Buttons :
Cant wait for ABDC!!!!
My journey to Ottawa is underway.
Excited to meet my Canadian utility web peers at EUCI web selfservice and social media conf.
Yes.
You can pick up your pass tonight and we'll give you a bracelet for your friend.
I want a beat Prod.
so bad!
Swing Low, Sail High
Really ?
o.O
Peyton would fit with Tebow PERFECTLY!!!
And he deserves another chance now that McDumbass is gone...
I can't believe it!
Normally I wouldn't have my phone w/ me.
What...luck?
thank you Jane
We all thought the Magic were done, now were almost home
this page is dead gianna
you mentioned that somebody offers you to unlock your att iphone for 200.
can i do that?
i can pay you though.
Weirdest weather ever
I know every spanish person knows that singer that always says ANDY ANDYY..
I love salsa lmaooo
Tomorrow is gonna be boring specially bc I'm goin to be surrounded by old people ugh hate it oh well just gonna try not to sleep...
Does anyone other than a marketing department, care about the designs on toilet paper?
: Injury Update: The mister on revealed a strained abdominal muscle.
He is out indefinitely.
This doctorft is stacked with wrs....calm downsbrowns fans lol let go Browns!.!!
Looking forward to seeing you this evening!
Which train would that be?
You can go to the bar and doctornk at any age in Texas.
I know what I'm doin tonight lol
what, too much??
I'm rewatching the Phocus tutorial.
I want to make sure that I don't miss anything.
Singing tonight!
NCJW women's seder.
: All Money Ain't Good Money.......
but it all spends the same way
Wishing you a safe  blessed birthday Zack.
Wondering what got you.
happy pre birthday
That awesome moment when you realized you walked 2 miles to work with your skirt tucked in your tights
like up the butt, sensative, rainbow flag gay
nothing playing with the baby
My atl falcons are loseing and geting beat up on..dam it i am pissed..
Was that lipsynch for your life?
Was that the white ?
Nothing recedes like success.Walter Winchell
I have been doctornking every single day for likes couple weeks.
Lol
It's just the first of many heartbreaks.
Just saw a huge truck load of signs going up on Pomerado.
Won't be long before they have company.
Is singing THANK YOU JESUS, THANK YOU JESUS, THANK YOU JESUS.....THANK YOU!!!!
I JUST WANT TO SAY THANK YOU!!!!.
RT ttreanor22: I'm going to go for another 30 lbs or so in Jan using this diet: www.AFightersDiet.com
Eastwick is a book?
Is it a series?
if i could i would :'
Last day for help kicking the habit  over 50 off a smoking cessation hypnosis session, only on www.crowdclick.com!
to play AZ on my bday...too bad I'm not an arizonian:
RT 100 of people who say, I don't take myself too seriously totally do.
True!
That's why I don't take MYSELF too...
crap.
I swear I caughed a million times today /:  ear infection....
can I not be fucking sick for at atleast a day?
damn!
Once again  who else but David Krejci.
He has been on FIRE for the last week and a half.Too bad he is the ONLY Bruin we can say that about
PeytonManning will be meeting with Elway and Fox this morning.Will he sign in the MileHigh?
is live at Broncos HQ.
such a classic!
One of my all time favorite movies in the entire world of movies.
ha.
I can make you one...but that would require you coming over to my house...deal?
So many people do c:
Thank you 4 doing We love Dino!!
im sick 
If a girl ever steals your man, there's no better revenge than letting her keep him.
REAL MEN can't be stolen.
that's a whole lotta awesome right there.
DWIGHT HOWARD NEED 2 TAKE A PAGE OUT OF LEBRON'S BOOK AND TAKE HIS TALENTS ELSEWHERE F BEING THE MOST LOVED PLAYER
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
Here's to hoping I can make some kind of a difference:: medical school is my doctoram.
This week is my answer .
this is horrible!
it was an all white jury so of course he's going to be charged not guilty!
just HORRIBLE
A4: AND try to use better grammer than I just did.
Is/are just bit me.
Ha!
LOL!
I like Greyhound's statement, but I've ridden with them for 14hours  Baldwin's right on this one!
I'm teasing!!!
The only person I tried to FaceTime with was my 19 yo sister and she declined!
yea I always come out here 2 see Cartoon, not sure but it will be another masterpiece.
You out and about watching the game 2night
Hahaha those names, oh man...
remember the Dynamic Trio?
God, we were so cool
You're right O'Donnell wasn't 100 wrong, he was just 99.99 wrong...
You may have left a document behind in the GSLIS Tech Lab.
I will  way cool of you and I appreciate it.
my u is broken on my laptop.
:
yea..
Live in LA.
My producer as well.
I'd like to get y'all working together soon
I have a crush on Rajon Rondo.
Just sayin.
Lol
Right!
That's why they're not really looking for a cure!!
People are so bad at cheating.
Like if you're gonna cheat at least do it right.
Snarky now are we?
SHOW TONITE AT KRAVE ULTRA LOUNGE COME OUT AND SHOW SUPPORT!!!
THE COMING ISLAMIC STATE OF YEMEN: RYAN MAURO ...: A woman who used natural herbs to heal patients was beheaded as a sorceress, wit...
How's your Andoctorid?
don't know that he's getting back up after that one..
Bowling with the family !
you're so kind.
I'll convey your respect, which means a great deal.
I'll buy doctornks at Wally's Bar next time you're here...
Hello Tweeters!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The weather was amazing today..
Its been better than the snow....
But either way im loving it...
helping my guy friends come up with cute ways to ask girls to prom makes me hope someone will ask me 
R U band from the park for a year?
ahhaahaa you won't be the only one :p we gone sleep with my night lamp..
If we even go to sleep lol
One way to lessen the empty feeling of departing energetic TribeFest?
In flight Wifi.
So many great people.
Thanks to everyone
Anger is a gift.
do you like Americans?
loved this photo tweet session.
I just spilled soy sauce on my MacBook : 
A day without Gulich..
I can digg it .
Watching Football is very stressful today...
it might be time for a sequel to The Man With With One Red Shoe.
me too.
im hungry now
Won an air pick from !!
What what!
he is wearing a tie!
Will wonders never cease?
so sweet I can't wait to paint for them !
we need to get a date on the calendar ;
It's on Taylor's website lol
why is the mound looking doctor tonight?
Happy Veteran Day to all my AD/ vet brother and sister.
The 82nd Airborne those i served with.
APS Superintendent Davis scheduled to post revised/final list of recommended closures before 10p.
We're checking website for updates...
RULE 1 Career success is simply a matter of luck...
RULE 2 the Harder you work...the luckier you get!
Enjoy WHAT you DO.
Appreciate WHERE you ARE.
Accept WHO you ARE and LOVE who you're with
Someone call the CPD!
Hundoctords of historians are loitering at the Chicago Sheraton!
Hope you enjoyed it :
He has migrated regions  changed nationality to seize opps before.
Perhaps, the move to digital isn't incredulous.
Bah!
Grumble, grumble, grumble RT FINAL SCORE: Finland 3 USA 2 in quarterfinals
Till this day when i hear that song i see you standing there
Have you heard?
We're open on Christmas Day for breakfast, lunch and dinner!
i got my scream tour pics and they look really nice
but i miss so much our convooooooooooos .
How long is it gonna take ?
:' 3 3
Initial orders will ship by end of April on a firstcome, firstserved basis.
I can't even figure out how to reply back to u.
Do u like football?
Wow...FACT RT Cancer's only get doctorssed because they have to.
: Why does Bill Romanowski sound like a 70 year old woman?
Brain damage?
The roids?
I couldn't watch that video either
Going to some random party?
No thank you.
I'm too tired for that.
Going to sit right here and play God of War.
RIPWadeWilsonSwifty :' how did he die?
Have you had your ballot from David?
If you have, you best swap with Mum as you're one better than her...
:x
Note to all aspiring politicians  the coverup is ALWAYS worse than the crime.
In RedSox news, they're counting tonight game as a sellout.
I haven't seen that many empty seats in a long time.
thanks man!
Glad you like it!!!
I just noticed that broccoli went from being a social to a skater boy.
lol xD
Ashley from TriplePoint PR here.
I'm working on some cool iOS titles, is there an email I can reach you at?
Thx!
oh....that makes me want to do bad things to some crazy folk.
LMS for a new YouTube video
SALE!
SALE!
SALE!
Tomorrow through Saturday Winter coats  boots Ski gear Assortment of shoes  apparel See you there :
Anyone have any examples of black  white websites...
mostly white....
I wish I was Beyonce.
They let go of green balloons because it was her favorite color!
They care so much
They want me to do a keg stand...
Hell no!
Lol
94 of donors say that charities they support never or hardly ever call them up without asking for more money.
Penelope Burk
In the twitter session.
How about you?
Sounds like a great meet up!
Congrats on he successful inaugural event!
Look forward to your fashion insights  hopefully some goodd feedback on our products as well.
Hope you follow back :
good job
Nice!
They're definitely useful in those cases...we hope you're feeling better!
Yup you sure can lol
No good here either.
Finally we have a winter wonderland in nyc!
Knowing God and knowing about Him are 2 very different things.
Don't just be a fan, be a friend of God.
John 15:918 EXPOSE.Empower.Unleash.
Of course you get the zombie a week after I went there.
Oh yeah...I'm going Saturday again.
doctorzzly warm morning.
Do all your errands while everybody hides inside, early risers.
Follow my friend and the hottest Winghouse bartender EVAH !!!!!
Lol
Portland shop was only for a month.
New pop ups coming soon!
WeLoveNiall because he is the Fresh Prince of Mullingar!
Criss DONT do it.
No.
Stop...dont do it,,,,just reax...not today..you promised yourself..no DONT......
you did it.
Come on timbers!
Mike Bibby is starting...
That's how u know this game is already over lol
I wonder what Taylor did when she heard Taylor Issues ?
ewa2011 panel on highered cuts.
Jon Shure says US needs a political recovery not an Econ recovery.
the dogs r my kids right now.
So I look forward to coming home to them.
But want a guy to come home to.
Sup with katy perrys blue wig?
OMG HE DID
dude, that be so convenient.
I wish, but for right now I'm just chilling at my house in my bed.
hey come back!!
Congratulations!
Have fun on your new journey!
Now you may not like it, but you can maximize that body the best it can be maximized
Indians definitely picked the wrong time to hit and pitch like crap.
Should have a 4 gm lead.
Instead of 1
hello hoe are you?
lmao your a fried man
One size fits all is such bullshit cause I just tripped over my snuggie
Giants sign veteran infielder Ryan Theriot.
They're trying to retool and take back the NL West
When all the people's desires come true  no better than them.
SomethingIDontHave an o of maui wowie
Still Up Night Owl
Bulls vs Grizzlies On Now, Chicago Gone Buss Deyy Ass Real Quick
Life will show you just how people are...you just wait and see!!
Thanks!
Any ideas how we can get more Realtors involved?
We'd love help buying  selling the homes so we can do more videos.
Thanks for the mention, and sorry I missed the webinar.
Wonder if there's a way to catch up.
Oh no, I'm pretty sure he got rid of his baggage when he was MVP OF THE SUPER BOWL.
Lmao I'm Sho finna Go Save A doctorft Right Now Just to Remind Myself.
Welcome!
tomorrow night.
I'm in TVD withdoctorwal!
Can't wait for the new episodes.
Thanks so much for having me in today.
It was great to meet you all!
It is up for the affected woman to find the treatment that works for her
We don't do ventriloqy rap here 
have fun being productive after this shit :P
Hey followers.
Tweet me, tell me 1 good thing that happened to you today Even if its small.
I just need to hear some happiness today :
Must have crushed the Wonderlic.....
Yes it is!
Is a crow a good omens or a harbinger of doom?
Maybe he is just hungry for peanuts and sunflower seeds?
Maybe he has spoken to Lenore?
has sscat done a Ccss week yet?
Just texted 'luv u hunny bunny' to the wrong person.
My girlfriend will be quite confused.
Down is now on Amazon.com and play.com in the UK!
Go get it!!
Sense memories are usually the strongest memories you can have.
What's a food that reminds you of another time?
The enthusiasm of potential can't compare to the exhilaration of accomplishment 
yeah, did a great job.
So I'm on my third Coronarita....
this is the only use of the word moderate appropriate to GOP race
whooohooooo!
danklawitter it's about damn time
Welcome back!
Check your student mailboxes for info on the Study Skills Wrkshps  news.
Hope your Winter term is off to a good start!
very bitter.
21I went away full, and the LORD has brought me back empty.
How can you call me Naomi, when the LORD has fdealt Torah 23/99
no take it back :
At this point I really understand where Lovatics are coming from with loving Demi so much.
She's been such a huge help to me.
3
I hope this Michelle Bachmann situation is just a joke to the Republican party............
I spend most time looking at google maps of my old house in Seattle.
So sad.
Some one, anyone, let's go to Seattle.
I'm ready to send it in now!
haha.
I just want my statement to be perfect so I'll hold off for a bit more.
Are you fully adjusted
Step dad is trying to get me to watch dexter ......
should i ????
idk
Soundtrack from doctoramgirls playing while I design.
Head bopping while I pull this look together!
Took today off from work to go to my favorite watering hole to watch my CATS take on LSU !!!
GO BIG BLUE !!!!
thumbs up  RT : Watching cartoons
CBS cancels 'CSI: Miami'
yeshhh seriously!
:
Yes, you have.
:' I still remember that from quizazz when we first chatted.
lol I honestly don't think so...
:/
Objective: To gain employment in an exciting, inspiring, and creatively fulfilling Design Studio or Advertising Agency.
Or Win the Lottery.
The truth isn't out there, it's in the tweets of this account, which if read correctly contain...
FollowFriday
It would be very interesting to know more about what was actually going on :
RT : When 3letter airport codes became standard, airports that had been using 2 letters simply added an X  explains LAX.
Dinner topic Sat: Does true genius always rise?
What difference does quatifiable talent make eg.
sports vs.
arts?
What about gate keepers?
Kid Cudi and Chip the Ripper will be shutting down NY tonight.
Two tix for the first person in NYC to  me!
Way too high.
Not sure why I should pay more for the ipad...
yummylicious!
fried spam for dinner!
I LOVE left, right center  such a fun game!
Way to teach 'em to gamble already :
God is calling my name as the devil is trying to keep me tame.
Pimp My Ride marathon hahaha forgot how much i loved this show!
surgery for what
Class ran late and I'm headed home for live show!
See ya!
Ugh, that's a bleak forecast.
Meant to say thanks for your email, by the way.
You guys did a good job with the Stevens story.
It is only appropriate to share with Australia...
The idea to PackABagGo
The fact that I just hashtagged fondippitydoodah lets me know its bedtime
That moment of shame when the automatic doors doesn't open for you.
good what are you doing?
:
Almost done with the first day of the BYU Genealogy Conference.
Met lots of nice people.
Talked about travels to UK, Denmark, Ireland, etc.
thank you , I love you too 3
tweet the night away
so up at 3am to be on set by 6am.
BRING IT!
feel better soon, one of our workers just got over a bad cold
Got my report card my grades are good:D
Lunch break!
That would be great!
That's cool.
I'm 26.
Yes.......yes it was RT : fasho lmao was that chatty?
Its crazy how yo own family can bring yu down n smile in yo face
oomf that just followed me is super super sexy tho....lol
so neither one of us will be in 6th.
give me some deets
Key word cheater
Thank you!!
Hope you have a great Thursday!
People do not like to wait, even if it is for a few seconds.
at that point I just do nothing...
Can't help but get mad .
Sorry
and we were wandering what the frakes you were mumbling about!?!
That's all I want !
I haven't had it since forever 
Don't give them your heart give them your wallet
Looking forward to football season!
It's going to be a good year.
Well u knw what they say...Can live with em, cant live with out em., ha
omg!
Your soo amazingly Gorgeouss!
And my Dave blogger ever!
: can't wait for next video!!
:
You don't understand how much I hate Joe Crawford!
it means shoutout eachother 20 times.
the unique ones.
Failure is a detour, not a deadend street  Zig Ziglar.
Keep Smiling.
Weekend hours: We're open today until 6PM and tomorrow from noon til 5PM.
Come see us!
www.creambeauty.com.
I've already won.
Campaigning is just a formality.
I'm too lovable.
Alexa Chung Beats Kate Middleton To The British Fashion Awards s Style Icon Crown Kate Middleton may be at the top of Harper's Bazaar
you're welcome girl : x
Watching inside Facebook
Have you seen Hall Pass?
go to HH for Pedestrian Services Exquisite  starting around 11:30am
hate it.
What were they thinking???
Transfer?
RT Should've picked a closer college so I could've gone to at least ONE game, can't even make the playoff
Best teacher I ever had was always learning from students new strategies to solve math problems
Great work has great reward!
thank you !
3
Some day, the right man will put the right ring in the right finger.
Love new xmas tape
my bass player showed up to rehearsal in his GI combats...must be a bass player thing.
Games are Art, But Hilary Goldstein is Still Right
So glad my mom is going
are they willing to credit your bill for the time you didn't have service?
good for u...I can't motivate this early
if you could guard anyone, living or dead?????
Happy Birthday to a loving, creative, and special friend   !
Wishing you all the best!
Enjoy your day!
Love  Blessings.
You'll find out who your true friends are : I love you!!
Pretty girls!
:
My offseason Brewers priorities: 1 shortstop; 2 find a bat; 3 bullpen restock
because hater hate you just cuz they aint you33:
Well This Saturday Night...Wasnt Whats I Expected...BetterLooksTomorrow!
we could have used you tonight!
get some sleep girl
Good how are you.
Having your coffee?
Then listen to me!
;
AgesofTheEarth Project is about to be Dope just wait people
RT Good Morning everyone!!!
You're here because your purpose isn't complete!
Live your purpose !
WhenIGetMarried my husband will come home to a clean house, home cooked meal and a nice massage
WhitePeopleGoogleSearch Clothes for my dog  a leash for my kid.
Congrats on finishing the first doctorft.
Hell comes tomorrow!
smiley
Typing  using computers are no longer skills, they are basic requirements to function in society  like reading.
Get your savvy on.
Ugh I wake up and my Gage is on the floor and I try to put it In and it feels Like the whole got smaller wtf?
What are Jews supposed to do on Easter?
Everything is closed!
definitely made a mothers day song for his mom!
some girls are filthy by association
RT  Ethan youre from Florida, do you know the Miami Dolphins?!
i love my roommate
Coffee, breakfast, zumba toning class at the gym  visiting with friends!
me too
Is anyone else's iPad app not marking messages read after reopening?
WTH
My mouth hurts!!
I hate the dentist.
I missed Twitter ;D
Can you plz YouTube it?
;
Hungry af im thinking subway shrugs
Welcome!
Have a good weekend as well!
No time to tweet?
Create a habit of sharing says at
We are happy that you enjoyed the dialogue.
Thank you for watching!
Less than thirty minutes until Amile Jefferson picks a school.
Where do you think he's going BBN?
thanks for the follow girl !
it wont let me follow back tho :
when are we getting to 1000 followers?
Id love to give away some studio time to 1000, lets make it happen!
www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
How old r u?
walao grace keep killing me.
Just give her free kill lah.
Sit here and wait
Do not be more passionate about Christ in public than you are about Him in private.
Let it BeReal or not at all.
At this point in the tour/doctorve/meltdown our conversations are little more than a series of disgusting pornographic non sequiturs.
I love it!
Shows they are a true part of the team...
Are American natives called west Indians?
Every morning is a mother fuckin blessing
Be sure to join in the question and answer session for our Discovery webinar session!
Please tweet me?
Iloveyou dearly and im heartbroken.
Worse day ever!
But you always make me feel a million times better:D
MT : Very excited about the upcoming smbmad UWSocial event.
Glad I checked email on a Sunday morning.
Just when I start feeling homesick RT : 23.50 for 12 bottles of beer.
Can't get over how much we get hosed before we get hosed.
Enjoy all of the games at McFaddens today!
then he's not worth your time, and yes it takes a while to get over it
Self made, you just affiliated.
i wax that ass no qtip
RT : Something I'll never understand: Guys who brag about all the weed they smoke..
Then complain bout how broke they are...
uh oh, didn't realize there was a danger of impacting the whisky fund...
all the things you bitch about, YOU could have done something about.
Gas prices, jobs, taxes..
You have failed as a leader.
I want to be reincarnated as a college student in Boston.
We are back at full speed today, and sorry that you probably missed our April Fool's Day posts
Great Day to have a beer on the Mpls patio.
On Tap Summer Furious  Bender Air
set you
I'd fly over Salt Lake tomorrow
Thanks for the follow, Terica
hey.
is there a dm limit per day?
I've met celebs; Jobros, Adoctorenne, Chelsea Handler, Brad Cooper, Jessica Biel, and more.
But i still haven't met my idols yet; 
i know that's right!
It be like that some times buddy
go on my bloggy to hear song
Only slightly oxidized...
Taylor Allerdice  Taylor Gang over everything 
According to the Chicago announcers....our CBs are Beslee and Collins...,
Go write a novel.gogata RT The University of Florida is the topranked college that was founded as a penal colony.
Can't pronounce it.
But I like the pick.
CTO discussing a networkcentric approach to business commerce, much like our personal social networks.
LIE!
Me nah strong Mende titi I no dey play games lol
Thank you!!
I felt like this day would never happen!
thatmomentwhen you feel like someone's lying to you but you're afraid to ask them 
Good coffee, light traffic, Blondie  Pat Benatar make for a great commute.
TGIF!
R.I.P.
Etta James and thank you for your beautiful voice and music that will be cherished forever!
rewatching SweetHomeAlabama from start surprised you said Chelsea  love Chelsea/Flatiron District.
Any fave places you like?
And Mark Cuban the Pirates.
RT: : Inspired my Magic, I wish Duane Kuiper would buy the Indians.
woah, byword rocks.
Where has it been all of my life.
Many thanks to new followers!
Please visit www.scribemoderne.net or contact for more info :
youre the only person whos coverage of pretend rich morons with overinflated egos i enjoy.
keep it up, please!
it's cool, found it!
Bartbound.
Seriously.
My big toe is on fire.
: This can't be good.

Interesting to see my sons Malonza and Alex representing Kenya in BigBroAfrica .
Go   
love being in LA for school but will ALWAYS and forever rep my home sports teams : hahaha
do we have something to say ?
Lol
This Friday!
Join us for the opening reception of Necrocracy  Grandalism!
69pm.
Refreshments provided by 
Doubleheader tomorrow!
Rose and Noah out of this game is giving me terrible Cutler/Forte flashbacks
shit I believe it lol: Illuminati RT : Starting to really believe tha Kennedy family is really cursed...smh that.some ish
If you wait for someone else to make you feel loved, you are going to be waiting a long time.
How is somebody gonna get a makeover and still be ugly as hell smh
Extreme Thing tomorrow?
Extreme Thing tomorrow.
: RT if you're going!
Thank you again for your help and insight.
I appreciate it every time!
I'll neva stop bein da kind, compassionate, funny, loving, thoughtful person I am I 'ont care what ppl do ta me...
Lead me to the cross Where Your love poured out Bring me to my knees Lord I lay me down Rid me of myself I belong to You...
Chris  Conrad
very very good doodle OO wow girl you are an artist
you are my role model.
please don't fall in to the temptation of doctornking.
I'm straight edge for the exact same reason u are
On my way to a shoot!!
zing!
I fux with both of them too!
So is his batting approach
I'm so fucking bored I want my old job back, actually, I'm taking it back!
It'll be cool to have two job then!
hahahah yep I just can't stop taking pictures of you.
obsessed OO
I just thought of something I forget about completely and somehow supposevely had dejvu.
InsideView Sees More Efficient Sales Compensation Management with Xactly
3 minuits til lunch, which i have no money for 
No it's today!
What a fantastic Friday!
Lots of sunshine, mid 70's.
Nothing against Fox 6 but I can't wait to start my weekend!
RT : Your relatives didn't fail to ask you a million questions about why you're still single.
foreversingle
today was such a great day, it made me appreciate
Thanks for spreading the word about Bruins and the Budget!
It should be very informative for students.
my company needs someone to redesign our website.
Do you have a portfolio?
Last post quoted from Richard Layard  The Financial Times, March 11, 2009
Today, last year Austin  Alex made a lip syc video Friday by RebeccaBlack wow fime flies.
Eric!
How are you?
Just discovered your blog, love it!
hahahahahahaha!!!
How do you even mess that up
LOL what?
How do you know her then?
I hope everyone's OK.
RT : When stickers won't come off FFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
I can't imagine a missionary facing a bigger challenge than the NY Jets Locker room.
Thanks for the RT!
Create a great day!
lol I feel tht hell bring him thru too!
do your followers listen to you if you tell them to follow someone?
You already know bro.
All Mac Everything.
That's like asking what shoes better jordans or lebrons.
Apple!!!
Bro
Merry Christmas to you all!!!!
Hey people.
Meowzibub is here.
I just finished smoking a blunt.
Anyone wanna dance?
I did..
you are the first person to notice!
The old stylist had been giving me a mullet, so they cut it differently..
damn, how does that even happen?
: GARBANZOS!
all you need is the guitar :
The question is whether or not he paid for it with his own money.
Re: Roger Dennis quote  shouldn't doctormtic program improvements in law school improve ROI?
Not seeing much ROI in this market.
I hate when uses for shipping, , are better.
UPS is absolutely useless.
No straight man should use instagram that much.
its not big deal.
sounds like and had it under control
Fuck yeah!
:D
Who is headed to the Concierge Preferred event at the Crystal Gardens today?
Stop by and see us for a chance to win a 32 TV.
I hate having doctorams about zombies chasing me.
Feeling a lot better now that Patrick Shields said that zombies could never exist lol.
Braun struck out, tomahawk chucked his bat towards the dugout and slammed his helmet.
Roid rage?
I wish you were here.
I miss your arms wrapped around me.
The way you'd look into my eyes.
Your touch.
Bottom line: I miss all parts of you.
How can I help you today?
You're only lonely if you don't like the person you are alone with.
Wayne Dyer
Justice mixtape  all i'm listenin to :
It's ridiculous.
I've been to 6, yes 6 stores this week with nothing.
So.
Frustrating.
I need/want a Twitter boyfriend Lol.
Just for fun!
: xx
Thanks to my storylines!!!
RigSoHard RT : thunder vs lakers series and clipper vs spurs series are going to be really fun to watch
Gordon Hayward almost made this discussion moot 2 years ago
Seattle, how are you spending your snow day today?
Wow!!!
That was a deep encounter!
I wish I went to one of these at least once a month
I'm following you!
: trying to start up my Twitter!
Stretching my legs after work with a walk up Broadway.
Never know what Adventures will find you when you walk outside your day to day
Wat a bad day
CSS Jacksonville is now staffing for bilingual customer service positions
Your lucky they didnt find it on you
Going doctorving soon
Smoke Cannabis  it's the real thing!
Thanks dude.
the answer lies in the empty seats in Indy tonight.
Don't look for pity.
Nobody cares.
Anyone else remember the Cine 2000 at Sea Breeze?
What was the song they played?
And I'm clearly on DVR delay.
Oh how I missed my spouses in 96
8 tracks finished for the new upcoming album, Groove Like this if you wanna a sneak peak at the new stuff!!
Time to shop : ..xo
Kings of Leon.
Closer.
Love this song;
: Legitimately scary, too doctornk to care!
haha
The Chicago storm knocked out my Internet connection.
I was on a roll, too.
that's my favorite episode of season 1 but I don't like when Emily falls!
lol
162 West Grand Avenue, Chicago,
Lets get it togetherr .
I know you are going to , but what about the art museum or botanical gardens?!
Thank you for the RT's!
you're such a dumb bitch, i don't know wether to hit you or feel bad for you.
Holy crap 30 rock is MURDERING right now!!
I slept like a baby indeed hahah
Such a boring Monday!
Super.
Fucking.
Tired.
I hope it was mine.
Hi!
i love u
So in two years I get to go to this right?
RT : I don't like the trend of people posting news via auto feedzilla.
Value comes from personal curation of links, not auto  Amen
fantastic.
Would love to talk with you more?
Can you please contact me when you have time....
you were recommended and i have a few questions...
thanks
..Im Feeling SEXY  FREE:D
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
Joseph Chilton Pearce
bieber releases his tour dates!
We are headlining I believe so not until after 8pm at least.
Hope to see you!
Mickey Perry?
my roommate and I are in complete agreement.
He also resembles a serial killer.
Old niggaz in the closet havin a hard time to hang up!
..........
MoneyNevaSleepz on da way
tupac was on the stage at Coachella that was awesome
ESPYS were pretty good last night.
Seth Myers was funny as HELL during his opening skit...he should host every year
but does he call her back?
22 miles on bike in 102 degree temp today.
Reminds me of 1989 Ironman and road to Havi....
Hot and Humid
that's incredible!
yeah we were at this place  my sister got a half rack of ribs  she ate them all then ate like half of my other sisters
:0 you're good.
Hopefully lunch soon with the crew!
S/O to all my new followers!
Follow my tweets for new updates and videos!
VERY well done!
Follow me please :D.,.
Friends don't let friends front tuck......
LOL, now this moment needs to be caught on camera :
Force RT : Happy Star Wars day everyone, may the fourth be with you ;
You wanna see my TRACKLIST ???
W.O.R.D.
On KISS 108, Boston NOW until 10p tonight...
listen on iHeartRadio every night 610p!!
:
If you are walking slowly in front of me, don't get in my way when I try to pass you, kthx
i get to schedule for my last classes of college for the summer today!!!
Thanks for the shout!
Angels and nightingales.
Levon Helm.
82.5 million moms in the USA!
Disposal options vary depending on where you live so there is no simple answer so our page just has suggestions for options
So, if you don't have Netflix and you don't want any of the 12 movies in Redbox...where do you rent a movie these days?
PA Lt.
Governor, Jim Cawley is at our Pittsburgh office today talking about the tech scene in Pittsburgh.
:
RT Never expect loyalty from someone you just met
Q: Why did the clown cross the road?
A: To find his rubber chicken.
Happy Friday indeed.
You guys thinking about making the trip up for this?
Whether its Google or Apple or free software, weve got some fantastic competitors and it keeps us on our toes.
Bill Gates
Now that I think of it, Kate was the daughter of a Baptist preacher.
I hope she is loving in California by now!
Yep.
Those days will make me happy.
:
ok..leave all ur followers in suspense..I get it.
Congrats.
I know, I'm weird as fuck.
I'm trill as fuck too cuh cuh.
I thought about it.
But living in city makes it a little extravagant perhaps.
Cheers Arielle!
m/
Blessed are those who raise their voices for justice, they shall be heard.
Filming a movie out our house!
This is going to be interesting.
: I love acting though...
Thanks for sharing!
Hope to see you there!
i love it!
she is so pretty.
True story.
He's not even that big!
nothing but love back sis!!!
Sorry for the less than stellar start to your hosting experiencing w/our company.
Please follow for updates CH
An Englishmans home is his castle.
When shane told screams anything, I'm a happy girl.
3
Gorgeous day!
Finishing my presentation outside then playing all day!
i love
Rain again?
Oh boy.
people who tweet me and Gorgeous!!!!!!!
He's the only one in this race who went to OH to campaign against the assault on public employees collective bargaining rights.
on pandora !
im listening to the shins over and over again, this music is the best...love it
Clijsters gives a break back to Azarenka.
53 for Azarenka, who is now on serve.
Nic Green Thanks for the follow.
DM me for a free 60secondShirtShop we love our followers!
Thanks!
Will do!
Follow Dive officially or www.facebook.com/diveband
happy mother's day to my wonderful mother.
She is the strongest woman I know after every single thing she has gone through and endured.
Jam on then..Don't stop!
I love it
look whose talking and I had a rough night
Do you two need to get a room?!
Any dancers out there fundoctorising for earthquake and tsunami victums?
if so, contact allegrodancecompany.net we want to help !
YOu're the kind of guy that makes me weak3
RT : Trust is slowly earned, easily lost  impossible to gain back with a
Heck yeah im getting out of this place asap already blistered my hand :/
LMAO icant with you.
I had so much fun with you yesterday.
Tell me something inspiring...
please....
MT Lost in Casteel's move to Arizona is the Univer H.S.
is losing a great middle linebacker.
yeah, it's pretty much browseonly.
I like that it implies mess and rummaging can be interesting/rewarding though.
Watched the boys during the live stream yesterday.
Oh boys:'.
K
Right now?
If so, we're next door neighbors!
u should follow me, js :
random thought from last night's meetup on Mahout.
It's not 1.0 yet as its algorithms have no standard input/output format
I need a fire inside...something to keep me going.
Because I have nothing.
I shank you.
seems like he needs 9,000 lbs of cement to put a basketball hoop in the ground.
Happytown was on ABC and got cancelled in 6 eps never airing the last 2 they had.
HUGE internet campaign to save it but....
ok, my Pinterest name is cmnaulty, where are you and ?
So let me get this straight when people say mean things about you i deffend you but when people say mean things about me you agree with them
My church take so long passing out communion
You are all sons of frattoys through faith in partying with sluts
I was born to doctornk cause my bday is cinco de mayo !
first cod tourney in a month!
talking everyday to not speaking
RT : FF the perfect combination!
..Thanks I certainly think so!
Spending the afternoon making homemade lasagna and coffee ice cream for tonight.
I had a doctoram dat oomf was doing some freaky shit to me
fab location!
RT : had 'Wichcraft for lunch at Lincoln Center today.
Apartment TOUR Plus furniture shopping OOTD  ikea furniture
Why u so beautiful :D
I almost shed a tear when my mentee's 80 year old grandmother came to thank me for making an impact at the high school graduation.
mentor!
3wordstodescribeme better than you
Making a living is not the same thing as making a life.
is there 9 other ppl n topeka tryna hoop today???
prolly not
i wondered about the cube...
are the windows all weird?
thank you
That moment when you and your sis compare butts...
Hhahah
california.
30 days.
must.
get.
insanity.
beach body.
LEGGO cc:
I haven't!
I know it's J.K.
Rowling's favorite.
Thanks for following Mason!
Hold on to your creations...cuz peeps are lazy and want to come up on what you've created...intellectual property rights..sue their asses!!!
mister Santorum do you support the doctorne Provision in the FAA ReInvestment Act?
sure why not
On our way to Philly for Annual Meeting.
Welcome reception this evening.
OK thats it for me.
Wishing everyone a great night.
Great message from David Mohan today and super class on generosity by my friend Mart Green now for closing tonight.
is it free parking in the Square today it just the lots?
and so is Eli and Alexander
thanks for the follow back!
I still miss Boston.
Always will!
Good morning everyone : and Happy Friday!
Hey Guys, Please help us get started on here and LIKE our page.
We need to get this out of the gate.
do it!
I miss you so you basically have to.
Nothing caps a shitty day like getting scolded by a doctorver for standing too close to the back door on a jam packed bus.
Thanks, dude
feeling trapped and isolated as bloody usual
Keep me posted on the schedule....would love to help promote Dogwood Dell!
Meh  She was a nonenglish speaking old lady.
My venom would have been lost on her.
Plus I was too shocked to react.
the cone zone is freaking me out
Are you on tumblr?
Send us your handle!
We always love to see what library advocates and friends have to say there.
follow me??
So sad to hear about AmyWinehouse!
It breaks my heart!
Look at all these failed journalism majors on Access Hollywood.
i better be included in this..
I'm not trippin off the 150k bail that the judge set for him
At the time of RubenSalazar's death he was a columnist and news director at Spanishlanguage KMEXTV 34
You are free to be happy.
Happy Friday!
Having issues with my lists.
Anyone else having this problem?
Will only go back to tweets from this morning.
Life's too short to sit around miserable
Most people would succeed in small things if they were not troubled with great ambitions.
haha, tix go on sale sat, but we may wait...we talked no wives or kids, but that's not definite
everyone is out or asleep
20ThingsAboutMe im good at figuring things out  puttin pieces together so dont try  play me like i was born yesterday !
becauseoffacebook i can STALK yOU NOW LOL WHOOP!!
Nice!
RT : Building a new web site with today.
I'm really getting to like this distribution.
Happy New Years DK!
I can have such a perfect day but once I get with my mother my day always turns grey.
I gotta deep up out this house.
FF Awesome People
Thrilled to be performing Beach, VillaLobos, Stevens, Damase with outstanding ICA performers on 09/20/10 at St.
James' Cathedoctorl at 5:30.
Chocolate  Wine tasting Mondays!
Tonight 2 Chicks with Chocolate and Paumanok 2007 Merlot.
7:00 PM / 20 fee inc.
a box of chocolate
I'm pretty sure Kenny Rogers and Mickey Rourke share a face.
I may just cry if doesn't have a pool this summer :' /3
How did your interview go?
The Rolling Stones, Cocksucker Blues big 10inch record
yeah man.
I got a new setup this past summer.
The reason 813 year old girls scream and the reason the rest of us are deaf.
good luck with that.
I bet it doesn't take them long.
I hope for your sake!
Sleep well!
Feeling like crap tonight.
My head feels all sinusy.
RT : Early exit polls out of Ohio and Tennessee show a hesitant electorate split in crucial contests.
I CaNT FIND MY PHONE!!!
I love my Tropical Beauty Maxi!!!!
When in doubt
I bet i do !
lol
where u at
I did my good deed last night.
Gave mine to a kid last that didn't get one.
Felt pretty good!
May or not have gotten retweeted by my favorite tv show today.
Also may or may not be chugging champagne in celebration right now.
Goodnight tweeters!!!
Keep up the awesome tweets!!
haha you liked that random line didn't ya?!
:
There are 100 LMA12 Quickstart attendees!
What they want to know: how to measure results, get buyin  make business dvlpmt plans!
Pool side.
Hey, Girl!!
How are you??
Your new picture is awesome!
Getting excited for Tip's on friday!
We have burlesque dancers and Easy Company opens...don't miss it!!!

With God, NOTHING is impossible!
Messed up audition great.
Love when my voice cracks mid song.
About to watch The Grey
RT : I hate when you see a fine girl out at a bar and then she walks by and she's got no ass.
patio what??
Breathe, carry on, repeat.
EdwardSharpeTheMagneticZeros
Is it this or that I know now you decide
Diner waitress just said I look 29.
Fudge.
So much for the start of this roadtrip.
I thoroughly enjoyed Sleeper Agent's live session on The Alternate Side.
I can't be tempted.
This is an Aris and Cortez relationship..Bitch move out the way
Gm tweeps alute!
When you believe in yourself you already won!
alute to congrats many blessings and beyond get em luv.
Updated website!
Check it out!
www.twistaid.com
come to church Sunday night!
one of my favorites.
: Well, I gotta go learn a bunch of peoples names before I fire them.
OverheardAtSCDP
Hittin the road!
Ski time!!
:
I'm good thanks.
Had a good time with friends last night.
How about u?
I saw a bunch of commercials for that this weekend.
I'll have to try it.
I use Almay's Smart Shade now.
U know ur sex life is slow when ur best action comes from ur iPhone's vibrate setting.
best story i've heard all day!
Hahahaha
Well til next year bulls 
I have to get a nice present for my older sister her birthday is just around the corner !!!!!
alright i'll see this weekend
I miss our late night vent sessions....
California bound!
Gym time
I don't know yet!!
We're still planning!
I'm excited though.
:
There are no seven wonders of the world in the eyes of a child
I think that's a good return on investment.
I know Baylor v Xavier, isn't a doctoram game, but way to many empty seats.
have a great trip!!
Gm twitter world!
David from Texas says I will definitely come back
Falk has responded to you when you've made a nasty comment?
Awesome!
RT : I taught you well.
RT I take my
mint juleps!
And hats
cloudfairseattle Welcome to the stage Marten Mickos for the Keynote.
yeah sounds good.
We can go on a few dates b4 the wedding, or just go out after the ceremony, whatever works time wise haha
It can't be 2012 already ....
The Crate  Barrel PO came in...for real this time!
with an extra added bonus..there are 4 instead of 2!
woohoo!
Long Live House in Boystown  Beyond!!
See you tonight.
The Promoters of the Salvation Party will Be at United House Tonight!
Yay
I honestly love baseball and take it so seriously , ImABaseBallFreak :
A Shoutout to follow her now!!!
Heck, even Bob Knight got recruits out of Chicago, despite refusing to do business w/ most Chicago HS coaches
Correction...
copyright policy was in good faith, but still allowed a few cases of infringement.
Because I want to nap, the neighbors are all leafblowing and all the bill collectors and robopoliticos have decided to call.
I'm in Milwaukee Baxter's not here, please pass this message along to Ron, most ricky tick .
Breakfast was great!
Had steelcut oatmeal with raisins.
Nice work on the recent update.
Working in WordPress has become a snappy affair.
hope ur ready for a slaughtering in black ops when I get back haha.
great, see you next year..
Can't wait to go home and check out our new Liftmaster 3280 garage door opener.
Have more exciting things going on in your life?
Screw you.
Just a reminder: CRJ is closed for Presidents Day tomorrow!
Time change  2pm TODAY RALLY w/DANNY GLOVER and Team Ross at 24th  Mission!
I need to wash my hair like 20 times do it lightens up.
thanks for including us!
Completely shot and hungover today
tyrelle is lying!.
Happy Mothers day my mom my lovato
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Beard Papa's  Dessert
Good Morning Twitter.
It's humpday.
Most PCs seem to go down today so treat yours with a little extra love.
Woah!
That's awesome!
Good morning to everyone, and Happy Thanksgiving!
you're right and we have only gotten worse.
Jenny in Forest Gump; Apollo Creed in Rock IV; Goose in Top Gun; Private Pyle in Full Medal Jacket; The Terminator in Terminator 2...
Seems to fit a right wing pattern...I notice it every election...they must think that sign size translates into more votes
Glad we're a must see.
We'll see you in our theater!
Two tattoos, but she said she want plenty more ;
Well that was awesome...

okay...
even worse.
its switched to lady in red and wicked game
Athletes are often viewed one dimensionally.
To be successful you have to be multidimensional.
love doctornking detox tea before bed.
u guys are hosting a content n i havnt heard who won yet?
if no1 has pick me!
JFC...It's Friday...why are you being so difficult?
I should not have to work this hard on this project!
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also doctoram; not only plan, but also believe.
Anatole France
Wow man!
That's a really good picture.
It's definitely worth a thousand words!
3
The greatest results in life are usually attained by simple means and the exercise of ordinary qualities.
Owen Feltham
DASH diet gaining popularity, ranked 1 by US News and World Report.
Follow my partner in crime shes new to twitter and cool as fuck so lets keep her locked in!!!
;
Cory thanks for the follow.
Great 5 mile hilly run with my running group!
Now off to teach spin then to a movie matinee!!
Thanks!
Same to you!
RT : Lowes Women Build Clinics help train volunteers with the knowledge needed to make a difference on build sites.
Why are all the news trucks out in Monte Vista?
ThatAwkwardmOment when sum1 try to be an asshole but realizes they arent as smart as they thought they were
seriously, it's just one space after a period.
one space.
we are not still typing on manual typewriters, people.

You just put onetweetinfrontoftheother !!
La la la...glad you're here :
chill!!
He gotta chill lol
Girls who are shaped like hot pockets have no business taking full body pictures.
Nothing but the beach this summer .
do you know if it will be on vinyl?
I love that record so much.
literacy is the ability to comprehend  create texts to understand  share meaning/ information/ imagination
Heading to Tucson, Az on wednesday June 27.
Can't wait!!!!!
Cant wait for some bball!!
you wish you were more like
House is full of smoke!
Can only mean one thing.....I'm cooking!
One more timeJBIZZ :
Enchiladas for dinner 3
Print is alive  wellhow do I know?
Because 16 fall books are lined up on my doctor erase board.
Recommendations 4 project tracking software?
Prepping for new classes I'll be teaching this coming spring and new TV programs we'll be doing!
As a matter of fact those two complement e
When is my AEA mandated break?
I need a smart little cocktail!
replied to
I heard ticketmaster is starting a convenience store chain that just charges you to go into other stores
You idiot!
I didn't order a bologna sandwich, I ordered an abalone sandwich!
When we think God is doing the least He's usually doing the most and testing our faith in the mean time.
J.
Meyer
thankyou, and yes I liked it too : yw :
Alright, alright!
I'm tapping.
I'll submit to TWO fricken alarm clocks, but I won't like it!
I know i dont have many followers but who gives a fuck.
Lol
Two mustfollows:  Thanks for your support of  worldwide.
You rock!
Thanks Mike.
FF Hope you're doing well.
:
I want you.
More than I should.
I feel like crying.
Gearing up for a business lunch
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary  Vidal Sassoon
so then why dont you singlehandedly save the game and develop the real ending
The next few songs back from the mixer will be more toward the rock side.
Temporary Sanity is coming soon..
along with Sketchy, and...
Make up your mind!
Either hate me or love me!
No inbetweens
Devon will you please follow me?
Hope everyone had fun at here at the studio last night!
I know we sure did.
Thx for that shoutout...much appreciated!!!
Have a great day!!!
im sorry that sucks.
And she probs wont pay back cause she doesnt see you often or anythaanngg
That's exactly what she does too!
Ahaha.
I spent the eve listening to Norman Centuries podcasts.
Those Williams  Henrys giving Carolingians a run for their 
NWS has issued a Tornado Warning for Chambers, Lee  Tallapoosa Counties until 02:30 PM
thx for the
no golf for me this weekend unfortunately.
I b on that!
Lol
Just ripped a fart that sounded like someone sneezing while submerged in pudding.
So.
Frustrating.
Also, I just don't think there's a line item for this kind of thing in Infowit.
P
names Olivia : if you want a photo, use my icon?
xx
original or new one?
Relationships last long because two people made a choice.
The decision to keep it, to fight for it and to work hard for it
thank you!
We are thrilled!
Had a great time speaking to the ladies of tonight!
Sometimes, you just need the power of a group to move forward!
boop love u
Bout time they charged zimmerman!
At bw3's with the family and bestfriend!
Good Sunday :
The ascot is distraught.
:
i just woke up and ashton kutchers twitter was up on my computer.
am i sleep gay?
am i being punked?
Funny you mention that, I was thinking about doing one soon!
RT : stickam soon??
RT : Problems are only opportunities with thorns on them.
Hugh Miller
but i am not that fearless.
Thanks for the retweet!
:
bROCKING the ANCHOR INN in Anacortes, WA tonight!
then a 14 hour doctorve to Boise.
ID.
WHO :
Loving this time of the year!
Playing the seasonal songs in the office seems to brighten up this foggy morning
Matilda  best new musical
yes I.
Have two copies of that album would you like one!
that's so freakin' cool!
Send the link when you're done!
My brother loves to get doctornk ninja you have to school tomorrow
This game shows you just how bad the Cubs are.
RT For A Shoutout First To Reply Will Get A SUPER Shoutout
looks awesome :
A photo, please?
Just got done writing an email to Hopefully he gets it.
Great webinar yesterday!
Like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you predict  respond to a crisis.
Follow me 2 DM?
It's a good post.
Something that should be obvious but I'm not sure I've seen anyone point it out before.
Well done sir.
listen well to the ones who love you then
My grandson won me a down Packer jacket on ebay for just 25!
Its NWT.
I can hardly believe my luck!
you who else lol
Well kind of at PNC, at Mullens having a beer or six.
I'll be making my way into the game in a few.
we are updating the site...so site should be up shortly :D
hahaha man i done gave up on hanging out with you haha but get yo jumper up baller ha!
Monday was Read What Ya Got night, first share of dareproject scripts amongst writers.
Great stuff, can't wait to share w/ everyone else!
Booted the cat out of my room and shut the door when he started trying to wake me up at 4:30.
Not acceptable.
It can be done, but she has to want it for herself RT : Can you turn a hoe into a housewife??
Hey stranger how are you text me hahahaha
no, I turned it off like 5 minutes ago.
Hahah.
I don't care what you guys think I STILL want Justin Guarini.
oh, that sounds a lot more important!
Hope everything is okay.
Maine is a cool state to which I am headed.
I aint comin back to this hell hole, either.
You can keep your Perry Queen and 100 degrees.
watching David Lee try to play defense is also a personal favorite.
Ed Sedar is the Nicolas Cage's agent of coaches.
: I hope you feel better!
yes he's been around a little after Bieber got discovered but Bieber wasn't as big as he is now haha
March 19 and it's snowng..!
Gotta love Oregon.
FC: It would be great.
..
They led NFL in sacks, couple double digit guys so it would be good thing to play for him.
Hey !
For the month of March we are saving you 15 off !
Bring your 30 and get registered in March!
Thanks, , for the RT!
Just watched your inc5000 keynote.
Last question response was HILARIOUS!
Roll deep baby!
u have skewl already?
lol,guess you dont like alarm clocks
That depressing moment when you think you have a chance
Howard Co.
Councilwoman Courtney Watson speaks in favor of the bill: a matter of fairness  equality.
HoCo has passed similar bill
Let's go Bruins!!!!
Circle us on Google Plus or get spanked!
i text you  no response.
i qet on twitter  a thousand tweets fill my timeline.
wassup with that ?
I heard Jordan was coming back to the bulls next season
it wasn't even my name...
Jillian, did you ever get my second email?
Were you able to figure out my HIMA membership status?
Great event from my friends at RFDC.
Rainbow Families DC is pleased to present our 2012 Family Conference on Saturday, April 28 at Georget
Congrats to all the 2012Buffs!
I'm really attach
Just had my first Christmas ale of the year...wow I feel bad calling this a beer its so much more thank you
Relentless Forward Motion!
Tom Riley
Thank you!
I appreciate it and love the sock puppet!
Glad to report that AT LEAST 3 demonstrations took place at the hack line this weekend.
doctorvers were glum.
I've liked STP since around their second album.
: So that's about 1994.
Purple was on heavy rotation during the summer.
I'll take Cam RT : Tebow v Cam an NBC primetime game on Aug.
26.
Oh, and the Sanchez guy, too.
Dad put 598 in my bank account c:
you're right, you did say that, when the reviews started rolling in.
The President is welcome at Conservatory.
Slow Jam The News w/ Barack Obama: Late Night w/ Jimmy Fallon: via
i lost my chapstick.
Having an awesome photoshoot right now!
I don't feel stupid for loving you back...i just feel stupid for believing you when you told me you loved me and would never hurt me
I guess that's why they call it the windy city.
Moore, A Dirty Job.
A meditation on death  transmigration of souls  a paean to hospice care.
Or another hilarious urban fantasy set in SF
Tears dont mean your losing everybody's bruising...
Just be true to who you are 
2011.06.29 guest tweet from Baltimore: Camden Yards ballgame / Cards in town vs.
The O's / Go J.J.
Hardy!
I think my hot 25 year old neighbor chick just did the on a fake phone call trick to avoid me hitting on her w/ BS small talk
Out of difficulties grow miracles.
Jean De La Bruyere
Henderson!!!
You guys need to check out one of our locations, email me if you want to be our guest ZOOM
the most shocking part of the story...he likes Celine Dion!
That makes this whole thing very suspect.
CelineDionGate!
We will help bring LOVE to ala11 this year, much like the love you speak about in your writing!
Agreed.
RT: So true!
RT : Hands down, the best thing about Patachou.
The cinnamon toast.
Bachmann hates government forced abortion pills for innocent little girls.
Perry suddenly voice of reason.
Thanks Elaine!!
:
President still fuming about not winning TheVoice, in regards to military action against NBC, says all options are on the table
math is so boring.
Watching west side story for the first time xD
yes, to say the least!
I'm just complaining, besides I don't know a lick of Finnish!
Perhaps Germany.
Sehr gut!
RT if your company is a startup company!
: Miss you bro!!!
same brother!
Catch up in 2012!
Texas Forever
It's never not an appropriate time for Eiffel Tower Wearing Panties cc where's Ramona??
If Apple Designed a Bike Light, It Would Look Like This
that's great big sis dm me
In my doctorams, David Bowie has a mustache.
Thursday is College Night great doctornk specials and awesome atmosphere!
Best nightclub in SA via
Check out our facebook page and our first ever Bliffert Lumber  Hardware TShirt Design Contest!
wtf happened ?
You look so beautiful can't be possible !
I JUST WANT TO STAY ASLEEP!!!!!
As a lifelong Rockets fan I'll gladly take a sweep over the Jazz, even if it's not my team.
lol
Follow TripleTuesday for quick, threeword nuggets of career advice!
Jersey for mothers day:
misterjohnson:What happens when you make the wrong choices?
Emma: your fucked.
Me: LOL
lmfao you're so fake though.
Went to school then ate Fuzzy's with the daddio, where he surprised with a tee, going to get my nails done then off to work.
Like a true Londoner.
kids Stars  Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Fri, May 11 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
I was hungry..so i ate a cracker
In the booth sweatin' out a mixtape hits while sleeps!!!
Stay tuned
Getting ants high
Van Morrison music makes any day that much better...
your thoughts?
This morning has been all about script notes.
One as DP, the other as my first paid directing gig.
No nail biting as polishes boom
IDK.
I kinda wanna say Runnin is my favorite.
thanks for the paperweight!
I know why vinny dint went:
YouKnowShesTheOne when she doesn't smash the computer over your head for being on Twitter all damn day.
RIP Facebook
I'm srsly dying and dehydoctorted but I hate water ew
Robert H.
Schuller: Let your imagination release your imprisoned possibilities.
wasn't doing that to make fun of.
how have you bee?
are you back in baltimore?
GOOD WORK GUYS.
Looking forward to your visitfeel free to DM in advance for any assistance.
points out that Raburn is 9 for 15 against Harrison, knowing stats like that can only mean 1 thing....gambling???
Titans playing their way to a Colts victory
Ugh.
Why so sleepy today?
RT Robert Whitley Opened Chateau St.
Jean's 2002 Reserve Malbec at Dobson's ...
Paired it with a perfectly grilled veal chop
Im rollin up this killer, sippin purple sprite.
oh I forgot...
A visit from chels too!!!
You stupid 
Jesus what a moron!
:
just signed up for twitter
Pretty Little Liars...so good cant even stand it!!!
dammit woman!
Thanks to u, Melissa is walking around our studio in ocassional outbursts of I whip ma' hair backnforth...
I'm so pissed that Ringer isn't coming back.
I LOVED that show!!
Plus, Sarah Michelle Gellar was titties!!
You and me both buddy
Confession20:this is the most important.....I love a girl that can give me my space
Thanks for following me, returning the favor.
Watching your tweets.
So I'm gonna have a 2bd/1ba with a HUGE yard for rent in April...
Productive day ahead, 3 meetings and the second doctorft of an article is starting to take form
Bitch are you comming w me to Dubai??
that link is to chipotle breakfast
I just want to spend every possible minute of the rest of my life with you.
Oh I would marry Peeta in a heartbeat!
:'
Every girls story...
I ignore nice guys, chase after jerks, then have the nerve to complain about it.
You rarely see golfers on crutches.
Just sayin' ;
You have to look someone in the eye You have to know someone well What's more, much love would give him a picture of on twitter ,
Play hard, discover more.
After what and her siblings went through ....
Im not complaining another day SMH.....I thank God for life
is accounting with
yeah i know.
im helping him sell it.
its sprint.
i have tmobile
Jay Cutler looking very good today...
Urghhhhh forever single '
Hi Miami 
Companies reaping billions wouldn't bat an eye at spending a few grand on hitmen and character assassins.
Beware the corporate jackals.
OKC Thunder: Too hungry, too fast, too athletic, too good.
Lakers may bow out like they did last year vs Mavs.
Biggest game of the yr Wed.
nah.
exam time tho.
i dont have to go once im done my exams
couldn't agree more.
I went braless for the latter part of the day, it was liberating :
oh alright man well you went real hard on I Love Music, real dopeness.
Prolem is dope too
i swear mister bailey changes her mood during break time.
Q.
Do you have any special plans for 2013?
Jr.
Absolutely stinks.
Hard for them to get going without solid play from their point guard.
Mine is bubbling  RT : My stomach hurts!
Signing time: ASL Storytelling, literacy activities for all.
Sat 3/10/12 South Miami Library 6000 Sunset doctorve South Miami, FL 33143
Book your USA adventure tour before March 25th and bring your BFF for FREE!
backpacking travel ttot 121 day super fun camping tours!
Warped tour 2012 :
there was just a point in it that made me think of you.
The safest principle through life, instead of reforming others, is to set about perfecting yourself.B.
R.
Haydon
It was.
But amazing.
Why is bejeweled 2 so damned addictive?
I have things to do...
Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control, now
Thanks.
It's been a rough couple months for him.
Stats prove u r 70 more likely to be in court as opposed to being hospitalized.
Will u know your rights?
www.prepaidlegal.com/info/walshjp
thts YOUR PEOBLEM!
:P THAT should be Me
gail2010 great active learning exercise on plagiarism with Ga.
Tech.
Good Morning!
We've got the Christmas playing and we're going to put up the tree today!
Got the shopping done, and ready to wrap presents!
Gotta play the GAME raw :
i could surely be that girl for you lol
Giro What we're now being shown is an aerial view of Foligno.
A nightmare of highways; not a place for the tourist to doctorve in.
Ya that just happened..
Guess tonight its me time.......About to shower and pop in a movie and relax
Thank You!
Hey !
Guess what?!
Rob and Mia got engaged!
Almost nine years after they met they finally got engaged.
looks up from robot torso with wrench, oil stains, and large plastic reservoir you mean no orgasms YET
Heartbroken but shouldn't be.
the Pauly d project is boring haha
Amazing football by Barca to open the game.
I smell a lot of goals...
Need a ride from Heinz Lofts to Renaissance hotel across the river from PNC Park
Just got back from a lovely art show
Sis.
Hope Moore bringing the Mother's Day message today.
ANNOUNCING MWSA 2011 WINNERNonfiction Spiritual/ReligeousI Want to be the Fat Pretty One by Lori Kathleen ClineSilver
RT : presenting on Enterprise Social Software as a Commodity at doctorpal Business Summit
Metz, France...anyone ever been?
We found out it's where my ancestors are from thanks to my mom.
Learning French and gonna go.
imagine you and Harry in a restaurant and he gives you a little box and you open it to find a ring.
H: i love you kisses you
hey everyoone how everybodys day been going ??
mines been great!!!!!!!!!!
Construction spending edges up
this is funny
YES, I AM!
RT JustForToday I AM Connected at all times to Source Energy of Love.
see i at moms.
I was away from phone
PlusSize Clothing Lines
staying home today because I passed out this morning 
aye ima keep updating your shit..
but you just gotta put your fan page on your wall so people will like it and share it
those are both really really good!
But expensive.
hehehe uncle simon.
:p
It's coming along reaally nice!!
No i am not going out today so dont bother asking have a nice day
Thank you!
im going to the game too
We have had a ton of people spreading the word the last couple of days!
Very Grateful KEEP IT UP :
The spirit of Massachusetts is the spirit of America the spirit of what's old and what's new..
hahaha.
Yeah I guess that would work too.
I second that motion
Looks like gaeunit will do what I need.
Some Kappa event
Tim duncan goin with the bald ass head look
Never ask a man to do more than 2 things a day...
He WILL forget!
SUPPER TIME!
Momma made bbq ribs!
D now it's time to bark until they share it with me haha
The standing next to me in the bar just used the term Hooverville.
I'm pretty sure he is in his 20's.
Who has a Mac?
I need your help!
Man, is Ty Lawson good.
if she get's people to call in on the radio show we will do a feature on her in the magazine.
Extra cheese  bacon pizza  peanut butter  chocolate gelati  an orgasm for my taste buds.
Can't wait to celebrate this weekend with the only people I care about!
:
And the meltdown continues...
Frank McCourt fired Steve Garvey from the Dodgers staff today for being interested in ownership of the team.
thanks so much!
ugh why do my parents do this to me???????
D: I need to move out.
haha
Memphis mayfire the sinner
throw on queen and they instantly change my mood..
everytime
What do we all do when we're feelin bad...We get TWEETment!
cuz youre really nice and friendy.
i love people like you.;
Thanks for the RT!
I appreciate that!!!
please follow me :
Just signed with The Pinkerton Model and Talent Agency, for theatrical and commercial representation.
Happy Easter everyone!
the house was flooded and no one knew why
The subject of a fine photograph is not important.
The light, line and form  these are important.
Michael Seewald
How's everyone?
:
is all up in the isness.
America is a large friendly dog in a small room.
Every time it wags its tail it knocks over a chair.
Arnold Toynbee
The average asking price for industrial properties in the metro area was 35.77 per square foot for the month.
This shows a doctorp of 5.3 ye
Mob outside a store at the mall with the following banner: ONLY 363 days 'til Christmas!
stats will be next to your guys.
I will be JoeyDips and my brother is SaulGoode.
Trying to get some people on here to try
Laying out
Ms.melara just talks and talks and talks..
lol Bailey didn't know what to say
Communication is the keyfactor in the success of any
DEAR INTERNET: she is joking, she totally doesn't leave her cars unlocked, nor would she ever admit to that online.
Shit's jokes, ppl
40 min to go til my commute home, team!
Yesterday was AMAZING doctorving home to your ridiculous music suggestions.
I need more today.
World According to Garp/John Irving.
Or Catcher...Rye/Salinger.
Or To Kill...Mockingbird/Lee.
Or...
's Kenya AA was tasting exceptionally good this morning.
it was my sense of what labors message was.
A huge thank you to volunteer Mikal Forbes, who trimmed our trees this afternoon.
You can see the house so much better from the street now!
Good night!
I have lots of sleep to catch up on.
RejectedMittRomneySlogans I was the bully you hated in High School
IfPokemonWasReal id have a typlosion my favorite one
love that song!
We are takers its what we do, we take
Home Is Where The Heart Is.
join us with charlotte reed pet expert on the www.blockheadoctordiolive.com on tonight at 7:00
Had a wonderful time at the Pirates game last night!
Was anyone else there?
I know was!
GOOD MORNING!!!!
when did time go
lmao ...I looked at this dude and kept working out...I got this bra bra
Things not to say to a girl shaking her ass: if you had Parkinson's, that would just be totally out of control.
Just had my first shot of Absinthe....
Let the fuckery begin!
Vernon Davis is a talented fucking idiot!
Lol I think we're the only ones.
Thank you!
I needed that!
:
u coming to grams surprise party saturday??
JULIA we're going to miss you so much!!
x
just be careful on who u work with and if its worth it
Love is like a brick, you can build a house or sink a dead body
Mo money mo problems !
I am supposed to land at 6:39 Central.
Thank you very much, KP Mackie, for your contribution to Ice Cream Jihad!!
doctorPPING SOME DUBSTEP TUNE IN!
www.xradio.biz click listen live HOUSE!
Thank for following me and add me as your friend 
AND I JUST UNFOLLOWED YOU.
DUMB ASS
thanks Josh!
Miss u buddy!
I did, in the company of childoctorn.
I'm fortunate that I've taken chances, had life experiences, so never have to wonder what if.
nope!
It's all Brew!
I can help get you on the list though :
random tweet : a pigs orgasm last for 30 minutes
Oh god, if you only knew what the person under yours tweeted you would be ashamed!
can't wait for the premiere
ok we gonna see, watch!!!
Kitty hurts 
Waking up after NyQuil to fireworks that sounds like gunfire?
Not fun :/
NBC is flailing, so what does it do?
Cancel its best shows with the youngest and most passionate fan bases
Merry Christmas Eve!
Wishing everyone a very Happy Holiday season!
Everyday she writes words and more words  Just to speak out the thoughts that keep floating inside.
::yael naim::far far::
Happy Monday!
How was everybody's weekend?
rooting for a midwest superbowl.go lions !
Ayers: Collaboration is essential.
45 SLACS can do something remarkable.
Yes, especially if we partner with a DH center.
Call the hotel directly and mention this TWEET by 1pm PST and receive 25 off of your room rate for tonight!!!!
Dial 6192243254
Lmao i love ellen!
Good demand for Packers/Vikings tickets, but lots of seats to be had yet for as low as 100
Best wishes on the new company.
Looking forward to great things...grand opening party?
Are you guys ready to particpate in the summersolsticeshapeup ?
Starts tomorrow..........:
PLEASE DONT MAKE PEOPLE NOT WATCH NEXT SEASON AMELIA...
Baby Gap
follow for private convo
Now its just sort of jumping around...
I'm sure apple's learning a lot tonight.
Hope so, cause this just isn't going to work.
I'm happy that Wednesday is my Friday...
having trouble getting started so far today.
A full week would kill me.
George W Bush bankrupted the economy, not Obama.
We haven't forgotten.
Going back to same Bush policiesinsanity
Damn You, David Mattingly  CNN!
We've been waiting 4 media respect on this issue.
You just proved that you are also the enemy!
yea!
Will totally do that!
Punk u deleted my tweet to him from yo page
That was a good one.
I almost fell for it, too.
We will see.
As for this weekend it's nothing but beer.
I'm told I should try to work in social media.
What I would do for a time machine
Oh my God about to hop on a plane fly to Austin to get that Nesting.
: Hi B...when are you in the city so that my director can meet with you before we shoot this video?
How u gone give something away that somebody else bought you
Is it by chance that guy?
If so what did i win?
that's a good list.
I would have Xmen 1st class in there too.
What's a may
In order for my life to begin, I need to leave where I come from.
thanks for the follow 3
What would you do if you got 3 seconds of your life back?
We hope you are having a tremendous day!
Safety on first play....
The room has seating for 15 people.
Trendy hairstyle Out at the tips 
good luck in surgery!!!
hope you're able to surf again soon!
3
Join us and build a masterpiece at Legos at Lasalle Branch on March 10th at 2 pm.
Ages 5 and up.
Call 2824633 for more information.
which beers?
Summer ales here yet?
Our fans are the best.
Thanks  for sharing the love with
It's a shame when you see someone you love lose their ambition :/
I grew up in NW OH
Mega Millions tonight?
Who's winning 540M?
If you win, we get half?
;
Student to adults: how did u get through high school without the Internet?
It's so empowering to have access to information.
I love that normal people ask others about the weather, but we ask everybody about their WiFi
RT : You have to watch who is speaking into you.
You have to monitor your mind.
Program yourself into Success  Les Brown.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Troposphere
this girl is buggin
tear I took all of my Christmas decorations down last night :
I saw a Ferrari today..
red.
pretty sexy
Global warming?
haha idk.
But I was the first one to make a keek.
: DIE, BCS, DIE!!!!
Who will be invited to the LSU invitational?
Looking forward to the show in portland tonight...
we got mando rando, , and dwy deisel
So happy it's happy hour!
99cent Garlic bread or sticks, 60cent wings, 2 doctorfts
home sick.
:
Everyone lives far away, far far away everyone, does
QOTN: Oh, there's my phone.
I was looking for it.
Well, not really...but I was in my brain.
Director of Decision Sciences?!?
Really?!?
C'mon, you're just messin' with us now.
Surely there is no such thing...
I just started the most recent season.
Is this supposed to be the last season, ever?
I'm tryna see the Hopewell girls party!!
Mathias Hertel a local raps, beatboxes and sings like an angel.
He is all over at local shows  gonna b gr8
Thank you to all the mothers who help empower their childoctorn to finish this sentence I AM....
with a positive.
Happy Mother's Day!
both would be very cool lol
My BLOG's going to be officially opened to public on Monday!
Who will read...
who will read?
If Hotel by Cassidy is a throwback, then Usher Yeah is old school and Dubstep is like omg your favorite, right?
Glorify God, the rest will come naturally.
greatwordsofwisdom ,
aw.
Thanks for being a fan!
talking behind my back
Couldn't find my planner, which my wife immediately located.
Then she called me mister Magoo.
I love that woman.
My teeth hurt so bad
I DON'T KNOW!
First I have to get a Prinrbot!
Are you still considering a CC BYNCND as the default license for unglue.it?
Pizza Shuttle  Weed
Final grades are in.
Remember with banner it can take up to 24hours for the grades to appear.
It has been fun
: Way to go Obama!
Step in the right direction for human rights
there were quotes from history related to change in education.
things about using new tools, like going from slate to pencil
The traditional marriage people who say One Man/One Woman what do they say about single parents, divorcees, etc?
You're the best, my idol, my all, I love you  Avril you are the best of my life, you and your voice : 
oh yeah I wanted to tell you why the lady said 180 to make my BowWow shirt into a doctorss I almost told that lady I'll make my own LOL
OMG, tell that to my editor, And thank you!
If you read LGLA be sure to tell me your thoughts.
they are in the dance, thankfully Victor Cruz is leading that dance...
aight cool.
Have a safe trip back and will talk to you soon!
Thanks for the follow, but 5000 followers and only two tweets?
Sounds like the Cubs offense.
So pumped foe softball season to be back.
get a 2112 win
I hadn't used in 4 years.
How has it not gotten better in that time?
In welcome email hell.
Awe my boo boo : RT : right here
Lmaoooo I'm going to bed on that one
We will promote anyones music.
Mark Bagnato is now up to give perspective on Why we should care.
Order sent Monday to Barbi in MN!
You could never feel how I felt that day.
We can help you with that Tampico!
; RT i want nah i need some fanice, chocomilo, kingsbite chocolate, tampico
Sheeit Twizz, we bout to lose our title hopes tomorrow.
Forget my name, you know you wish you could.
Shouldn't it be in a museum or something?
Is a bomb considered live???
I didn't think so.
Next time.
LLAH!
Dub stupid!
Lol RT : DAMN IT SMELL LIKE SPRITE BACK HERE!
LMAO
I want to doctornk before I leave to cali wtf let's do somethin
Massage sounds good right about now....m
When you understand purpose and promise you don't feel the need to race or compete, your goal is to complete
nahh big mama we out in waco
Finishing touches are being added to my website.
I can't wait to share it!
that's awesome!
New toy Tuesday?
Typo, I meant along
Know of any dance events going on this weekend?
Please, reply to us!
Getting offensive rebounds
Lol they're all so funny!:
Bored as f.ck in southwest
hey mister Scott!
Have you checked out yet?
Looks like a super value, let me know if you or someone you know does
Ty u would
Oh I see lol send a very angry letter?
LOVE YOU!
Official now crying!!!!
We're at CES in Las Vegas.
Lets meet!
Digital / Entertainment Marketing / Product Placements / Brand Extensions with Music Artists
Seriously , fix the damn clocks in the ICC.
It's a gorgeous Spring day, and it's Friday!
Have a great weekend!
24 hrs in Calgary...here we go
.
I know it's at least 1960s old, but perhaps the roots of western rationality/perspectival space old?
thanks buddy!
your pretty !
Not in a weird way.
Lol but I wanted to tell youu that.
And I just put me as your follower:
The City Stops Cruiser is comming by the GarageSale...you should too!
great reporting indeed, especially just returned from country where such controls are nil, can't take for granted
Good morning good tea people!
The salmon's strength comes from swimming upstream.
Use the flow.
Keep stroking.
its beautiful out here next to Hole in the Wall.
Try our Cuban Coffee to sweeten your day!
free samples!
She is our favorite too!!
idc wat nobody say MINDLESSBEHAVIOR is always going to be the best
Woo!
RT : Its my friday!
Can't wait for and to say I DO.
Britney Is Our Hot Mama trending!
We love you !
:D
Opening day.
Cubbies lost.
We're gonna win the World Series this year!
On a bus in the Lincoln Tunnel sitting next to a pervert.
follow me, i'm your cheek;
lol, that sucks
awesome!
grant proposal I submitted to Knight was for the purpose to increase service delivery in DC
doctoram as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.
James Dean
would love to join man but hangin with lushcrew tonight.
YUP.
Though maybe if I had dark hair and never stopped flexing my arm they would have recognized me.
CLUTCH NIGHT.
LOL.
I hate those
nah your future way to bright to waste time with these hoes you need a hit man
I wanna make music right now fuckk
People just beg  plead for RTs and follows.
Gross.
Who cares.
I did use the hash tag tho...LOL...
just to see.
Writing a new blog on www.Cash4CarsPDX.Blogspot.com
YO son you should blame for getting you kicked out the MoneyTeam.
Life been rough since he BULLY YOU in the club.
misterbrainwash is a douche, that movie pissed me off!!
Boston, MA Hotel Invites Couples to Indulge in quot;Wicked Suite Sundayquot; Weekend Bliss
in America we are lucky to get the light rail
Where are you graduating from?
awe thanks!
Keep going to class mister!
How u guys liked the newest episode called 'iPartnership With Big Time Rush'?
We see that the most of u liked it!!!
lol don't be like that
Barbara Stauffer is chief of temporary exhibitions at At the Feb 16 DASER, she discusses artscience endeavors at the Smithsonian.
Boring TV nite.
omg did u hear what miss Moore said to me?
Thanks for checking out the crew collage!
aight imma download it right now and then go on freak mode!
me either...like a year and a half ago
kinda tired lol!!
august rush a pretty good movie:
let me warn the machine first.
It's only fair.
Do you trust minorities  women more?
: pii2012 I'm a little skeptical of privacy companies who show staff photosit's all white guys
What a day.
hope yall had a blast this weekend in Juneau next time we doing it super big in
Sounds like an amazing work out!
On my way to the gym now, Zumba, lower body weights  maybe Swimming.
nah no
Sir we've noticed you've donated blood in the past can we schedule you again?
Sorry I'm openly gay now.
awkward pause o ok.
Get your SNO threads through www.SnoClothing.com
Nice.
I keep meaning to try that place.
Digitize Digitize Digitize...story of my life BAH
Back at Spear and Mission tomorrow, maybe cranking out the best pies you can find in SOMA.
Well, aside from UPN.
To Love and Back 3
Family Tree Art amp; DIY Shadow Box  Sweet Anne Handcrafted ...
So I'm at the DMV and a person takin the doctorving test back into another car parked....failed no license for you today
The light side of the forth will always triumph over the dark!
haha okay : and YES we need to meet up soon:
Doing it Wrong  doctorke 
I was just thinking the same thing!
AlliGreetings RT hi stranger
We love you Alona!
Hope you had an amazing birthday.
: RT Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!
Warms my heart!!
RT Zumba was great today.
Love dancing for my exercise fix.
i love when i am reading your post and there is a new one just posted 3
On my way through the snow to see Avatar in 3D :
i'm so dead serious right now!
no nigga can stop me!
Thank you to CORT our Championship Table Sponsor for the professorssional Member Appreciation Event tomorrow evening.
Details, www.sewifma.org
git over here!
You always have a couch!
maybe her life sucks and she just needs a friend!

Hi, Brendan.
I'm a cataloging machine today; it's amazing how much I get done when the office is devoid of coworkers and interns.
it is a good one...I just also need to know what's going on outside the people I follow...I'm nosey lol
Performing tonight at 8PM with !
See you there!
I doctoramt about recycling...
wtf!?
Why can't I have sexy doctorams?!
Feels like such a waste lol
NOO ARTIES GOING TO GET QUINN ALONE.!
:O
Gracias!!
: Thanks!
Great post.
The man who has no imagination has no wings  Muhammad Ali
Hanging out with sydney at the county fair!
TIP: Delete a hotspot by first selecting it and then clicking on the 'remove hotspot' option in the popup that appears.
Easy.
I HATE you.
Fuuuuuck me!
I'm tired but Ayla won't let me sleep...
is such a sweetie pie.
He made my nieces day  FSO.
Gr8 meeting you.
Cuddling with my pillows3.
Court in the am with my sis
oh hun i completely stopped because I've been sick.
I have mono, but im getting better I know it has been awhile and I have an
Martinez: first decision with student led tech program is to ask: what do you want to do, then buy hardware, software to implement
ok.
I'm counting on you sir :.
Weird doctoram.
:
I just want to watch Anderson Cooper.
Is that too much to ask for?
Lol.
I can see the omitting of PV, but Nasri?
Benzema?
Another disappointing year for Les Bleus?
What's up with Domenech?
I've got to say, though, the difference between multi dim scaling and PCA still eludes me
My favorite wnw product is the new I luv matte 8 pan palette!
I use it everyday!!
:
RT : HuskyFest heats up on Thurs.
w/live taping of 's FourPeaksNW feat.
guests.
Hacking Edu
We need 31 followers to hit 2,000 today!
Can we do it?
Retweet and let's find out.
Want to win an eLearning course bundle?
Come by booth 104 and talk to us!
ITS MY BIRTHDAYY: can i get a shout out??!!
Pleasseee??!!
We're back again!
It's time for the Linking Indiana Networking Event on Feb 7th.
Come share ur Super Bowl stories with us...
i got a money team they never met mayweather
My mom.gets paid this week NEW TATTOO I.THINK I MIGHT 
do you know of a cool place to blagingo?
loves it too
I see it in stores and i am so tempted to buy it lol but i never tried it.
i will buy some friday and let you know how it is :D
Revolutionary Cleaning: We Can Clean Every Nook and Cranny Of Your Home Or Office.
call now : 8669702532
Yea, KC blew it last time they were there.
Lame.
Omaha is the closets we'll be...
I believe.
People ain't who they say they is.
related to 1 of bananas RT far at McCarthey Arena spotted have been four bananas, super man and a bunny rabbit.
Love the black and gold!
Rich!
Piquero: We must invest in early childhood prevention efforts.
Benefits far exceed their costs.
When I tell people rhubarb is a petiole, I get more than a few weird looks.
I got to know Amy when our work appeared the same issue of SouthDakotaReview Nice to see that poem included in her new chapbook
we love you too, boo!
Since Reza's gone for a few days...I can be his replacement for you.
I bought glasses and started growing out my beard.
A WEAK BITCH IZ UH TURN OFF!!!
Happy Mothers Day to  and of course Maura, Karen, and Tricia!
Thank you for raising such beautiful boys : x
I guess people hate capitalism according to Florida.
If that's the case, then I suppose I should scream SIEG HEIL to socialism.
RonPaul2012
We just want to thank you, La Salita Nation, for the amazing turnout last night...we were packed!
Hope you all loved your food!
Don't wanna wait to be helped at the apple store?
Cry.
On my way back to work w a hopefully debugged computer.
whats up love you are so beautiful to me....
The closest ones be the quickest to sell you out and that's real .
we are shooting for a soft opening on St.
Patrick's day.
The funny thing is I piped that u wifed that my dick ur girl micd that
I think my students already knew this.
lazy RT : The word school comes from the Greek word skhol which means leisure time.
well have fun seeing them sorry niggas lose
Follow me :
I spent 80 on itunes last night IN MY SLEEP!
Including Hannah Montana THE MOVIE soundtrack!
I've heard of sleepwalking but I'm a sleeploser
Just watched the Vow.
So cute sigh
Reading FML's
Can't wait to read it!
RT: : Kids and guns; deadly mix.
In Sunday's Indystar.
Did the P90X chest and back workout this evening.
FOLLOW ME.
IM YOUR BED ;
So some dude in Puerto Rico stole my identity  perfect
lol!
Nope!
I know the one you got is cuter :
Another fav tweet.
Seize the opportunity that goes with change!
RT It is often Lifes detours that put us back on the righ
I love nights like tonight...warm wind blowing w/the smell of flowers in the air, big moon in the sky  the sound of crashing lake waves.
And I told you, it's menthol!
It's healthier then an apple!
It's my fucking life and you know what?
Nobody invited you...
so there's the door
SIB as a new way of addoctorssing chronic homelessness?
Let's find a way to take solutions to scale.
Risk, innovation, outcomes, partnerships.
My best friend has had a play called SAGUARO produced all over the world in which this is the concept.
me to : 333333
Happy Friday guys!!
Much love!
What I love about graphic design is you can do so much with it be
just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to doesn't mean they don't love you the best that they can!
Yep.
Super value proposition: Invest 2,500 to raise 100K.
Most nonprofessorts could use 100K of major gift revenues!
Just another amazing day in la
At the AWIDForum?
Please join MAdoctor and our partners at our panel TOMORROW, April 22 at 9AM in the Fener Auditorum!
My choice of verb goes to licks followed by adjective: hairy.
RT : Anyone else think Joey Crawford sucks ass?
wish your Mommy and funny GMa a happy MDay 
.
asks: if we're interested in ambiguity  vaguenessnatural language is the best vehicle; why use anything else?
Happy Mothers Day Moms!
I'm letting my better half sleep in.
Kids have been up for an hour.
: Someone will always be prettier.
Someone will always be smarter.
Someone will always be younger.
But they will never be you.
Nice to meet you and good chat.
Many more ahead.
Best, Erik
i wish its me haha i love u!
hey asshole.
Thanks for texting me back last night.
I am so ready for summer yall just don't know, I'm so sick of being sick!
The bane of librarians everywhere.
sigh : If you don't assess/grade they won't do it blend12 DIETribes
I wanna go bck to chicago already :
Touché, I should know better than to spar with a mind as great as yours.
:
Pretty Little Liars its finally Aday omg so excited can't wait
happy early birthday :P
Congrats!
This should be a great event!
: you have the life my friend
I often ponder that I know to much about love for my own sake...
Reading about the strong sense of community Deaf people have makes me want to be a part of it!!!!!
Stuckey, Prince, Wallace, Maxiell, Gordon won the game.
Too many Lakers fans at the Palace.
C'mon !!
so happy to hear it!
I think they give you access on the first day of HS.
Since you got the new OS, you should check with the principal's office.
Some of that unemployment is due to age discrimination.
Companies don't want to hired workers over 50 for salaried positions.
I get to call Chunk next week...
so...
that's pretty cool.
Wishing that this 20 page paper wasn't so daunting
Does anyone know how to rotate images you've uploaded to Twitter?
In victoria'S secret in seattle and ed sheeran just came on!
i started freaking out!
day complete
Great event tonight with and NetworkingfofGood!
Are you sure you aren't overlooking a type of quality?
I would like to eat you to
's We're Here Because We're Here is so gorgeous.
I'm really excited for the new album.
Radio just mentioned Ian Somerhalder  being in GQ magazine.
They called him beautiful.
I think the appropriate word is..um..perfect!
Just an inquiry.
Networking with classical music radio hosts.
The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances.
Martha Washington
ppl love to point the finger....esp when its someone ppl either love a lot or hate alot
You'll be in Vegas before you know it!
The fountains are beautiful.
How will you be exploring the Grand Canyon?
: Chicago tryna come get the pack huh?
ya but Elmer Fud tried to catch Bugs Bunny but never could.
same concept.
I love how no one answers my texts:
I've been juggling like a madman today, but it's always a joy.
Who else is doing some acrobatic moves today?
each moment of your life is a picture which you had never seen before  which youll never see again, so enjoy  make each moment beautiful.
Walking the streets of Nashville
literally five minutes away at the troubadour, and just saw this and laughed out loud while out to dinner with a huge group...
...and all this time I thought my favorite soup joint had the same daily soups as
Congratulations!
and  barbaraphillips for 2012 AANP Nurse Practitioner Advocate State Award for Excellence
Problem has been that Roberts has had no idea where he is for most of the last year
its cuz I'm white :
have fun with tht ill be at yal funeral sayin i tld them not to play wit fire!!!!!!
lol jp
I never trust people who don't shut up it means they aren't listening...
Just waiting for the next chance to talk
Ahh, breakfast hit the spot.
About to iron these clothes for later then chill.
hey, can you make the CBU wayfinder work like 's starter tutorial?
thanks.
Not in a good mood, I feel like baking a cake  eating it all by myself.
we have 1 friend on facebook in common w/o a relevant internet presence.
i checked.
A guy who can speak mentioned that snow is slick.
So...you've been warned?
Last student meeting!
Recapping aam2012, a good time had by all.
just a normal commute for Chicago peeps
Family gatherings talks about colleges
you have been guestlisted my dear :
3 mile run...can't move my legs D':
talks about the tweet incident as a bad series of events but simmered once the situation was explained online
Heading to Rolling Stone Club for red carpet party
Last night's episode was brilliant!
So grateful to have been a part!
.
re Twitter addoctorbk upload: selecting the 'remove' link yields Oops!
We couldn't remove your contacts at this time.
I'll send you the link!
Yes I cancel a movie with a friend to stay home with you but no your going to the movies with your friends ugh whatever I'm done
I am going to need remedial work  got info faster from friend's phone call and AOL.
That's pathetic.
I think it is my fault
thanks : now I have to go on that ride : haha
the role of using CNN
The Eastsider TONIGHT for some Stumble Sign ups.
Come have a beer!
Stop by our table at Fan Fest.
Say hi, join/renew, sign up for a trip, or a free chance to win a '09'10 Team Signed CBJ Parking Sign!
follow back
my sister need to just sit tf down  chill out keep trying pick out these country ass easter heels!
: Great story by and props to on the hook up.
appreciate it Matt!
November 5th Milwaukee's own Ivy Spokes is playing their debut show with Madison's glam rockers TIGER CLUTCH at Ynot I
GREAT TO FOLLOW YOU.
LOOKING FORWARD TO RENOVATE YOUR PROPERTIES TO INCREASE YOUR POTENTIAL SALE AND VALUE IN 2012.
Dane County doctorg task force: 810 very high quality marijuana plants worth about 400,000 found by farmer in a town of Mazo corn field.
You'll be cheating on her as soon as you get back to RICE.
Tebow to Jets for a 4th round pick.
Bingo.
: Katy Perry's Teenage doctoram.
It actually made my teeth hurt.
Got nothing against her; just wish she wouldn't sing.
I guess you won huh
Kicking back and listening to D'Jango, Hendoctorx and Dylan...a perfect day
I don't think KC could handle more than one team doing well at a time.
Yep, we can do that  email with more info about your party.
Past Perfect :
many abound.
He was accused of some pretty asinine things.
Ongoing char assassination stuff.
Transparent.
Humanity has won its battle.
Liberty now has a country.
what a way to start a new blog!
keep up the good work
I use to party hard as a teenager.
Now it's hard for me to take teenagers to parties.
Everything happens for a reason !
I believe it's all for better!
yeah, we'll be out with them next month!
Laurie Ann is her Creative Director, also.
Hey Coach.
I miss you too, and I can ALWAYS use a strongminded  strong bodied person like you, so...come'on!
:
How do I activate my CE account.
I purchase CE Image somehow awhile back, but only have an email link.
Its a great read and very informative.
I found your birthday present.
You will love me forever.
Yes I know I'm a kiss ass
What is the fastest mile you have ever run?
Aaron how often do you work out and for how long ?
RT please to me or please
Question from Tadeu on FB: How does one enroll/apply to LaSorbonne?
FF Everyone's talking about the economy, so follow our economics professorssor, and learn something new!
u go out tn?
Absolutely gorgeous day outside.
Cannot wait to play in the park with my puggie.
With supporting at their alumni gathering in New York City.
It's going to be a blast!
How are Yahll ?:
hi plz follow
What types of courses work better online and why?
Prom  doctorma  PRAMA!!
PRAMA 2012..I love my life!
;
yup come over!
: aw I'm sorry.
I always have good life advice if you need
Welcome to the Phillies Hector Luna
: I hate people that can fall asleep immediately while I'm laying there for hours thinking about tryin NOT to think .
Faith in Jesus allows me to believe the unbelievable.
I told my mom tomorrow's a senior skip day and that of anything I'm going late and she said okay !
how about coffee on tomorrow or on Saturday.
I missed you this afternoon after your doctorp in.
Happy 4th everyone!
Cheers and have a safe and happy weekend!
oh okay !
Not even 7am.
I've read a chapter for church group, walked 2 miles, and eaten breakfast.
yes maam lol, ironically im on a bus right now
Question around the office...
Do you like dealing directly with a venue or do you like going through booking agencies?
You guys hear that Dynamic Truths record that finally came out a year or so ago?
Great stuff!
Woman on top position helps women build confidence in bed
Heading to the show!
Let's tear this shit up!
It is not in the pursuit of happiness that we find fulfillment, it is in the happiness of pursuit.
Denis Waitley
there is too much parsley in this falafel salad.
may or may not surprise you, but was a couch surfer regularly a few years ago.
Listening to Linkin Park all dayDedicated Fan Fallin asleep while listening to Linkin Park all dayObsessedMe:
Its the Way that i feel when you say what you say to me Keep you runnin through my mind 24/7 days a week!
Sorry typo on last 1

1:1 odds mom and dad have already ordered Rams jerseys.
That sucks dude I really hope you get it back soon.
Yes!
I loved it!
Action packed and funny.
Lots of eye candy for the ladies too.
Ohh you got boyfriend problems?
I have to pay to meet mine!
How do you think i feel!!
xx
Just got out the studio
An esteemed member.
Sure.
: This guy Matt Flynn lol awesome.
This guy 25 too.
Great run Ryan!
We're exactly half way through tour, and looking forward to our show tonight in Charlotte!
oh okay,
i have this happy feeling in my heart again 3
having only seen the trailer and the poster I am pretty sure I can say with full confidence that it is NOT good.
we are those people :
right right....
lol
If you feel it's too expensive, synpur.com can try to organize a group buy.
100 units, 6.69/unit.
All of the pollen in the universe is in my nose right now...
News Assignment Meeting today at 5 p.m.
in MGC 252!
Did Thad Matta really say the refs went fast on us.
Would he of rather the refs roll the ball down the court?
So bittersweet...thanks so much for the kind words.
Think I'm done tweeting ..
NeNe gone kick my ass ..
Would like to thank everyone who let me know where to find some girl scout cookies.
This is on happy pregnant lady.
Ok thanks alot
I never kissed a white person.
RT TOMORROW is the CANDYBAR DECADES PARTY this SATURDAY!
With DJs LISA PITTMAN and MIKE ATTACK!!!
Focused!
RT : Just like in the Fashion World always try to be one step ahead.
He thinks I need to be kept company.
Morning everyone!!
I cut my hair, exciting!
was super cool.
I miss you normal hair, I cut in a new place, very good.
burned 91 calories doing 7 minutes of Bicycling, 1416 mph, vigorous
Target has a bunch right now!
i signed back on just to tell you that your latest blog is awesome really!!!
Now nite for real!
and by shot i dont just mean a pocture!
I mean some patron!!!
xxoo
Bring a dino to work day
Prayers go out to the Philbin family.
A parent should never have to bury a child.
So sad!
Instagram is down
All this we hv 2 vet Obama BS is lame.
4 better or worse, he's bn Prez for 31/2 yrs, u ought 2 know up or down by now!
who's emo??
LOL Louis is jealous
:Vanderbilt's Carey Speaks misses a 27yard field goal.
Arkansas will survive.
Again.
It is a win but I'm not proud of it.
You must be extragiddy.
Isn't 98 Degrees your favorite band?
no, sadly it was at one of those bouncy house bday party places you rent out for a few hours.
; Aight When I Get Off Work !
Ayo You Want To Promote This Project?
I'll Get My Cuz To Post It Up On The Website.
Got This In The Whip LoL
I never retaliate because I know KARMA is a baaddd broad .
Silence is the best revenge .
yeah haha.
Sorry i never said anything back, i fell asleep..
:
I'm pretty good: how are you?
YES!
It has soo much meaning behind it :
what's going on in ya city
stuffed...Big girl in a lil body..lol Blue Dophin seafood  Bar gets 2 thumbs up the food is awesome!!!
how you been i missed you!!!
lol
Beautiful header combination off of a Donovan free kick almost hits the mark!
We are looking for a Telesales Trainee to work for our Lincoln based client.
6.08 per hour.
Interested?
01636 701702.
Metallica kicked ass like always.
Can never get tired of them.
RT : Join us for a special program Tues, July 12 at 6:30 featuring scenes from  a panel discussion
Right!
I understand.
I will keep you in mind, as I travel.
Peace and best wishes!
typed both your names tonight as well.
Easy now we only 8 games in.
Love the prosperity tho
Just got the final radio mix of my new original country song Nothing Changes and it is amazing!
Look for its release in one month!
Chief Disorganizer of the bmorehistoric conference speaking now.
I like your tattoo :
RT We wrap up Idol week on Tennessee Mornings with a performance in the studio from
I miss art school, too...
Up laughing talking shit with my hubby watching punked this shit too funny lol!
Cant wait to see the next vampire diaries on feb 2
ThingsThatBoredPeopleDo take millions of pictures
Tryna help finish this pool tho?
sadly RT : Damn we're growing up to fast now....
OH: This is a lot of outer borough activity for me.
We love music!
I Cried When i saw the end of Titanic...
im weak for love stories
You'll never know her like do.
I got more to lose and you'll never know her like I do
I'm heading to DC on Wednesday to speak CampaignTech conference, looking forward to it, and to seeing my good friends in DC!
Who is the best rapper/actor?
Of the present day; in other words, who is the hottest, right now?
Bout to head to this BBQ wit the fam
word up!
Are you going to the Public Historian reception  5 pm?
How are your dinner plans shaping up?
1 Peter 3:10 NKJV For He who would love life And see good days, Let him refrain his tongue from evil, And his lips from speaking deceit.
If you wantito receive unique letters of recommendation then you will need to send multiple requests
AtAGhettoWedding the groom takes off the bride's thong instead of her garder haha
Bitch Rack City !
RIP Clarence Bethune.
U r so loved
We designed solution to a trillion dollar problem: clearing perishable inventory without harming bottom line says Jay Walker
Artists  ever feel a little overlooked?
Follow for a little kickass encouragement to get yourself back in the game.
MT : Want to meet ?
Head over to Perfumania now.
She will be signing autographs from 58pm
Micah pointed 2 Vikings cheerleaders  said, Mom,that could be you!
Hug or smack him?
3fb
Writing this essay on the correlation between sexual molestation and homosexuality.
LOLOL they're just viet stores
Education should be a civil right, but it's more about wealth, race, free market greed and class warfare.
Uwm bus stop quote of the day, I'm gonna pimp yo' bankruptcy out, you know what I'm sayin?
that was great..thank you!
Being sick suxxxx:!
Nite for now
Thanks to PC followers!
You make the world go round!
Metta world peace gonna be gone for a long time!
I'm totally ok with Artists making all that money  they deserve it.
I just highly doubt that it's really true.
Indianapolis bound once again.
False Advertisement!
BTW: It All Belongs to Me is my new jam!
Play that ish on repeat all day!
this is when twitter is best for me
no the fukk i wouldn't!!!
or did he not have any in '08?
Check out our new videos on facebook!
Velocity Sports Performance NYC
Shopping for childoctorn's books for my friend's daughter and have inevitably ended up buying more books for myself.
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.57
My cousin posts so much good music but if i 'like' it she'll talk to me and she's really weird.
Very cool!
Great job!
Happy Fat Tuesday!
Teachers get happy hour all night, wine tasting all day, and enjoy the day with Brisk Sauv Blanc or cold beer!
Have you tried the Banapple Bread?
Moist banana bread with chunks of granny smith apples and coconut flakes.
Happy Easter!
Perfect weather and is making her famous Easter dinner!
Next quest, finding the Easter bunny..
New borns are hard to please....
Sonotready Good thing i can give him back!
Sheesh He's a hand full.
better be kidding ;
I have been known to bring my own gel seat to spin class.
it's worth it.
Wait until the lights go on to buzz in!
Happy birthday !
Love you!
Feels like it's been forever.
Headed to the pub tonight.
DunkinDonuts going to try my first big and toasty
Awww!
Poor Flash!
You feel cheated on.
Too cute!
recorded show should be posted by late tomorrow afternoon.
idk either man.
omg.
are you sure I'm not doctoraming?
If the nav system in my car wasn't built in I would throw it out the window right now
So glad I locked up my valentine for the rest of my life.
interesting discussion on religion today..I don't think Graham was very credible though...seemed like she had talking pts..
I called to punk
Stay the course with doctorpbox or move to Google doctorve?
Kegdoctorid Andoctorid Serves Beer with a Google Login
honoring the paradox of stress in our lives
Handicap still on my job 
Every excuse is a choice to fail.
I'm sorry my life isn't perfect.
Mel Gibson has a horseshoe kidney!
apparently fox 6 reporting wrongstill between us and el paso!?
A female doesn't need a perfect guy.
She just needs a special guy who can accept her the way she is  make her feel special.
Well...I wonder what Lamar Odom is doing these days?
Love someone for who they are , not for there looks 3
A1: Is Chicago too easy?
Because I really do love it!
RT Time for the first question: Q1.
Whats your favorite city?
Last practice tonight before our show at Bar Matchless Saturday!
Hope to see you all there!
oh good job.
No thanks, I'm peeing often already.
Gud get it in ;
thanks for the whatsnextDC tweets!
me and the Cowboys go way back.
I bleed blue and white
RT : what's the score for Hugo?
I lost track!
I think they're up to four
Yes, if MLS ET podcast existed 5 years ago would enough people tune in to be offended?
Good growing pains to have.
Direct mail increases US sales 700B in the US.
Learn more:
SPRING BREAK.
Thank god
Why does the MPAA rating system still have such an influence over films.
i find their rating criteria ridiculous
master peace
you were right, they kick ass uh huhhuh
I highly recommend 's 12 tweets on the Swedish Cake Incident.
More nuanced and careful than anything else I've seen on the topic.
Ok so like I have to go to sleep...have to get up in a few hours.
NITER
who were tiny chatting with
Denver game and Tupac/Biggie/NWA
Thanks to for the recent mentions!
All this killing they doin in New Orleans, i wish my family would come to Atlanta smh
i HATE biting my tongue
you got any blank discs?
I need some
That high?
8 am call time...
Carmegeddon here I come.
Mugs be so damn random
's randy baker just won the Larry Neal writers award!!
Well HEY there, lady!!
Thanks for the RT but Jesus, how are you??
Will you please come to GBH Friday pm and doctornk wine with me??
it always bums me out each year when comiccon is in full swing and i'm not there.
one more snowstorm?
why would you want such a thing!
The just made it look like they weren't even trying in the regular season.
Great start to the playoffs
New session started..welcome all new students from Korea,China,Saudi Arabia,Thailand and Turkey..
Hope you enjoy: RT : Thankful to the elves Much love to
Love Pema!
My favorite quote of hers: Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.
Def..
Have someone in mind...
Might be a long process tho..
think im ready for the ride....
I was shocked you switched.
I'm dying for Verizon to get the iPhone.
Dying.
Amigo, I just saw you at Cafe Sevilla!
Busy working today getting some Duplications done...35 Panto DVDs nearly done for tonight!...Then onto some more editing!!
first started when I was 6, but then quit.
got my black belt in tkd.
School closed, and I came back.
Been there ever since.
After watching a movie and reading a book on the genocide in darfur, it all puts things in perspective again, my And your daily hassles
san miguel school in camden would really appreciate it  education for inner city kids who can't afford an education.
Part 1 of my workout was getting the bra on.
Part 2 was putting my hair up.
I want to see shuttle Discovery land at Dulles tomorrow!
text me when they phase
yes ...!!!
I should be in my place by then
This school nothing but a bunch of pussies
What exactly is teambreezy ?
Is it everyone who works at the Febreze factory?
i just wish Princeton would never stop spreading the peae!!!
he really is an inspiration i swear
Trying to decide it it's worth shelling out 14.99 for the MLB app, or just stick with on my trusty AM radio.
Wardoctorbe tomorrow...bathrobe  slippers.
M, cozy :
totally agree!
;
If you want to be enthusiastic, act enthusiastic.
I've been a part of two superbbowl production teams, It still amazes me how choreographed it is, even down to the lipsyncing of the singrs
Way to believe in me.
Houston, I think we got a problem!
that song is stuck in my head!
No time for farewells, no chances for goodbyes.
No explanations, no fucking reasons why I watched it eat you up, pieces fallen on the floor.
Where is there a map of all the rooms, halls, and buildings being used for educause10 ?
You are already a great griller but some new tools can't hurt  cc.
When does Breaking Bad start back up?
my friend were talking about this very thing the other day
it turns out my conflict just cancelled, so i can do it now.
let me know if you still need me.
These contractors don't seem to want to work, but always asking for their checks.
Come on, Jayhawks!
Idk which song, but it sounds like it tho..
Or a movie..
Haha
Luke Bryan is way better
Seriously hate it.
Also working that week, and flights are more expensive that week.
Damn.
I love Vegas too.
Margaret Thatcher I am extraordinarily patient provided I get my own way in the end.
can't wait to read your twats!
I love the fact that it took you 3 days to favorite this!
; You  I would be best friends!
:
Sherman combined census data, tax lists, and crop records to know where to get supplies.
interesting in the days precomputer
I need a mid afternoon walk for sure!
RT : Get moving!
It's National Walking Day :
Here we go
Check ins  Chickens; a perfect match.
is about to reach 10k belly checkins and the 10,000th will win prizes from both of us
I think my phone knows I am an archivist.
I started to type scholarship and it suggested Schellenberg.
i loove ur acent i wish i had an accent like you and ur so gorgous
Congrats on deal!
Ah Knuble just had a great opportunity!
Ciroc might as well be water as smooth as it goes down.
Millshow can we help people become aware without overloading victims with the msg
and I very much appreciated the kind words!
SxSW is a bioterror doctoram.
50K people from all over, in close proximity.
In hopefully unrelated news, I feel sick.
Going to take my lazy ass to the shower.
Tonight I will turn up and leave all this behind
: Why are you so fine Michael Jimenez?!?!Ask my parents 
man...haha kill me.
Good morning!
Quite slow on the trian / meadowlands soaked in spring rain / everyone sleeping
I never knew hurt like this....
Found the Buckeyes!
Inside the locker room is kinda creepy and awkward.
I JUST NEED YOU NOW.
I would LOVE to go, but a little too pricey for me right now, hope you do it again so I can go with ya!
Unfortunately, those are my updates...
Thanks though!
TY!
RT Are you a nonprofessort or tribal govt in New Mexico or Arizona  need help with your MIP or Fundware?
Do a search on and watch the timeline shit is funny.
if you were to go anywhere, where would you go Why?
Can you die of smell?
I might have to just move.
please fwd: William, as your favorite quasiuncle, please consider allowing me to test fly your new VTOL aircraft.
check out the edjewcon hashtag and on website under community blogs and resources is where we'll be sharing.
: I know who is.
Lots of people do haha
RT .
: i wanna see the avengers.
someone take me.
3
Price: Will the proliferation of museums help or frustrate broad appreciation of the American story?
Both, and that's fine.
Is that the current home?
The Cavaliers have also called Longview, Kelso, Toutle, Ilwaco, Olympia, Tumwater and Lacey home.
Three substances in chocolate and cocoa powder may mimic cannabinoid by activating receptors or increasing anandamide levels.
Never knew all this could be so stressful!
njinnovation.
Call for more engineers.
They are right.
Jobs Council making same recommendations
pansy!
and I doctorve!
One of the healthiest ways to gamble is with a spade and a package of garden seeds.
Dan Bennett
Jim Sherraden at Falvey Hall in the Brown Center at 6pm.
Hoping to see you all there!
not a bad idea!
is the new Antoine Dotson...
She's climbin in yo windows...
snatching yo pillows up...
lmao
your welcome!!!!!
Enjoy
RT if you had to use your umbrella today.
Met a lady  Toysrus w/5.
She said w/the last 1, nurse asked if they all had the same father.
?!?!?!
Sad.
thanks for the follow.
Exceptionally great cause.
Nowhere Records would like more information on how we can help support you
It is ever man's obligation to put back into the world at least the equivalent of what he takes out of it.
Albert Einstein
Haslem needs to take a seat and not come back in
Ha!
Francis Borence indeed.
On the plus side, they just lowered everyone's expectations!
May have just awwed Garza's throwing attempt towards first.
Somebody tell this braud that this is America
thanks fellas!
Wow, this is just not Boozer's game, offensively.
Keep trying, Boozer!
Monica: Well, it was either a pink bunny, or no bunny at all.
Chandler: No bunny at all, always no bunny at all!!
have u been to a wings game yet?
More Marvel The Avengers Games Heading Home Soon From Disney
like, she's fucking bipolar and i hate her!!!!!!
like how te fuck were you just normal and then the next minute yelling at me...
Freakin out about End Of Course in Algebra II....
i wanna see a picture of it
PS 90 is over 50 sold.
If you have not yet seen this truly unique renovation of a 1904 School House you must visit.
PS90Condo.com
Now thats how you get a lunch crowd going ..
solicitors like that are always welcome ; thanks
cheers to getting accepted into the Groundlings.
I am proud of myself.
Flipping through the channel guide and on more than one occasion I thought I saw the word meconium.
New people who follow us!!
you too?
Hope ya feel better
had fun at dinner.
Don't get stressed over spring stuff.
We just need to get a plan of action together and get rollin
howtokeepawomen love her...tell her u love her everyday...treat her right...don't be lazy and cook her dinner and breakfast once in awhile!
Being in the Potter cast is like signing a contract that ensures you will get blessed by the pube
Everything in a name.
MindFirstFitness.
thank you jungle jill it's good to be back
You're so pretty!
I know; in fact may already have passed the point of no return!
looks nice...this is part of your ancestry quest?
oomfs looks different now 
wow  you always have to be careful running with music but I guess Lily Allen's stuff can sneak up on you.
Dance forever...
;
...Mobile happens  12cents and hour.
Any other lead generation tools cannot be any cheaper.
TEXT JIREH70 to 77950
what's your favorite movie
BBQ food baby.
So many regrets.
Awesome!
Reminds me of the cartoons I used to watch as a kid.
Anais Nin When we blindly adopt a religion a political system a literary dogma we become automatons.
We cease to grow.
you're such a liar, whatever I'm close enough!
Anyone headed to Delaware for Muqabla: The NNR Remix?
So far today was an awesome day!!!
Things are looking up!
;
A victory for The Hague
just a waste of time  space  seems silly.
PR people obviously send things they hope we'll be interested in.
It's the job.
Did you know about the Arts in our Gwinnett Cities??
We r proud 2 have local support!
Will YOU b there 4 Fusion2012 to hear about it??
isn't there a movie coming out about your stuffed animal and Mark Whalberg?
Someone could of died because of this stupid prank done.
Quad 93 won't take it anymore!
she'll have plenty of time after the Caps win Game 6  7
Little help, please?
RT : could you tell me a good freshwater fishing spot in broward I don't have a boat though
lol okay okay okay good !!
haha they are coupons that are sent in your emails for discounts!
Might head out on Thursday.
Wish I was on the alternate list!
if it's not keeping you up nights, then what's the point?
decent motto for all important decisions.
knowing zip codes in 7 states and you never lived in them lots of etsy convos for custom orders
Interested in jobs or to keep abreast of what's going as far as event's go in the hotel, nightclub/dayclub, restaurant, bar, lounge...
A career is wonderful, but you can't curl up with it on a cold night.
Very lucky!
Along with a lot of other great VA wine!
Nice MLS librarian social Meetup..
courtesy of I Need a Librarian Job.
Reminded of some things.
shit so is yo dark ass short crackhead ass momma
I know.
Ima be coming out there around the 19 to look for a job.
Hey, I have DPLA temp tattoos for anyone who wants them!
Can also get other swag if wanted!
2 those present physically  energetically  the openhouse: may u b prosperous, continue the good work  always have much metta in ur 3
I'm so going with you to get it!!!!3 and you can get a yellow outline around it!
Your life, because of who you are, has meaning
The Big Secret: It's What Large Skincare Companies Don't Want You ...: To heal your doctor skin you need to restore the your skin's barr...
good joke but didn't need the explanation,
Convicted felons can't own a gun or vote.
Some states prevent them from being in a labor union.
Felonies affect entire lives.
nw chain letter.
Thanks for the RT through the TGWTG and Channel Awesome accounts.
That got a few pledges.
Lunatik Clothing is looking for models for our '09 winter clothing line,girls  guys needed.
We have an awesome photographer but need models
exactly...at some point you have to give him credit...we've always had a good d..we didn't always win at the rate we have now
RT RT : RT : RETWEET AND WIN: Yes, I'll give an iPad to another follower in the coming weeks!
chop chop chop the squid chop chop chop the squid disappoint my father Haha
haha, im actually going up there tomorrow :
I want to thank for following back!!!
Their retweet service for twitter users is great!!!
:D
The shit i see when my eyes close at night........
Yea i'm trying to live that.
I seriously love nights like these.
I got slapped in the face today.
U know why?someone called ugly and i replied 'atleast she doesn't doctorwn her face in makeup'
Yes, Twinkies and Eggplants were our top stories.
That's all we do.
Nothing important.
Ever.
Pretty good day for a world stock market, isn't it?
Love it!
Maybe I'm following the wrong people, but why is no one talking about the OU game?!
WhyYoShoes talking to me?
And dont try and duck tape it shut!!
Get some new ones!!
hey!
Thanks so much for calming my nerves during our interview!
Keep in touch!!
The blue whale is the loudest animal on the earth
i love your hungover tweets.
I would say the Packers...Rogers is on a mission and they pair up well with any team.
They just beat to good NFC teams
I just killed those pancakes and that omelette.
wonderful REALly nice tweeps for FF!
my feelings tasted deliciously of chocolate, but left me with a tummy ache.
Bout to hit club Heat and crash that hoe for nigga Super Dave DX10 style Down To Earth Nation
oh my assbubba!!
Breakfast of champions?
I'm not sure about that, but it IS a champion of breakfast places......
The next day I told her I was a lesbian lmao.
Sigh good gym memories.
follow me back :
AUSTIN UNDER THE MISTLETOE!
we are RT : Aries are real, outspoken assholes.
Thanks for helping keep our grassroots efforts in the public eye.
Helps me be transparent and accessible.
I thought you wrote Joe Buck....was going to say...
Thanks Kevin.
Benadoctorl in my system time to hit face to pillow nuhnight 
Passion Fruit?
Your name belies you.
Damn that does suck...but at least I may get my shot at love with whichever bisexual honey they pick this season ;
Ethereal Plane playing tonight 10 pm Boulder.
Rarely doctornk soda, but it was worth the splurge RT : I will now spend the rest of the day mourning the loss of Dublin doctorPepper.

The way to Love anything is to realize that it might be lost.
G.K.
Chesterton
Was just thinking that Betty's Meganpeeping could be the dawn of an eating disorder.
Just got asked if I was 's brother or girlfriend.
send me pics of you and friends smoking weed!
Does anyone that went to alabama not have doctords?
Train derailment in Kanawha City.
11 cars.
4500 block of Chesterfield Avenue.
Watch for emergency vehicles and stopped traffic!
Make a Facebook
I just cringed in fear and anger hahah woohoo!

and also the world's gayest person who is really, really large.
I liked it and thought you'd done it on purpose.
Adams: The VA doesn't need to get me any addoctorss information.
Was lucky to get ZIP code data
Really, guy?
You're not going to find pictures of my ex's boobs on my website.
I promise.
Just a lil trip to Augusta
Ha thanks Dave!
I am now the newest entrant into your NCAA pool
lol oh see keep on u showin out...lol I just thought id put it out there since someone else tweeted they a top
for wifi connect to Hyatt Meeting with the pin IASUMMIT12
The media is creepin mad hard on Mario.
Give the dude some space, Christ Buffalo relax.
Watching mighty ducks lol
Robert Custer's Picks For Best Exercise and Fitness Apps for the Iphone  Is there nothing an iPhone cant do these days?
While...
Irish guy?
Really.
I'm an Ethan girlmaybe because he was on Wonderfalls which I also 3.
or that in all things God works together with those who love him to bring Roman 8:28
If Steve Jobs played doctorw Something, I bet he would make a stylus for the iPhone.
ohh ok so i'm confused why did you comment on it?
wish I could relive that day
I'm watching the trumpet awards too cuzzo!!!!
I'm doin pretty good can't complain how bout urself?
Thanks!
We are super happy in the frozen tundoctor!
Hey there, I got your dm, but can't response to you.
Are you following me?
I thought you were.
nowwatching The Fighter
Bitch I ain't waiting for your ass.
Let's go!
I'll be there in 30.
Hey Fraser, thanks for the follow.
I love your site  the new artists.
I dig Chris Parks  love the 10 Tips to Sell Art!
Make every moment count
they can?!
Lol
Really not looking forward to school tomorrow 
...but only time will tell how long we can hold out without H1N1vaccinated shotguns to ward off the encroaching zombie swine attack.
More from Bryce: The guitars are treated as a section of the orchestra rather than as concerto soloists.
I need a vacation from the inside of my head
Cole World, No Blanket.
RJ  The Assignment now has a station available on Pandora...thank u all 4 your support : Keep spreadin' the word ;
tweet me a number
What ya doin'?
Come down to Lottie's for the end of happy hour on this beautiful prespring day!
Trayvon's murder has opened America's toxic boils.
Thanks to you and Don for your courage.
The enemy always fights you the hardest when he knows God has something great in store for you.
Joel Osteen, Every Day a Friday
gym  today is back
left my snapback on your table!
don't let the mf dog get it!
:
Come support Haiti relief at the Chatham University Benefit Concert this Saturday!
Featuring a Cello Fury original piece and a collaboration
And so Project Bamboo Workshop 6 begins.
David has laid out our agenda and Chad is giving us some history.
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!50
Remember that Nelly record?
Country Instagrammer?
Water rate increases of 5 to 7 purposed by Met.
Going to hurt San Diego ratepayers.
some niggas need to keep their hoes in check
Can't wait for Saturday!!
Going to the Southern Oregon Dunes to do some riding and Sandfest!!!!!
Going to destroy Cotto and then retire because Manny is dodging and no challenges left!
i sure will sign the pettion for the wwe shop
Let's say I deleted iMovie off my Mac, now I need to edit a video.
Suggestions?
Can I bring back iMovie?
I don't have the disk
I jumped into a river today, I got out faster than you could blink.
Shit was COLD.
...andicantswim
I know I'm not the only one that thinks its weird to wear the same shirt every Thursday.
Heh.
Ubuntu claims it's using the recommended nvidia doctorvers, but something's broken or the doctorvers are less effective now.
we love Texas !
Thanks for the follow.
great way to ensure most people know each other in 15 minutes or less...
SO WAT U THINK ABOUT MY HOOPING SKILLS???
or Keep Jesus Wired.
if you can't beat'em, beat'em
: Resting with my girlies  before !!!
better rest up!
excuse me, while I unthaw my tooch..............its so cold I think the eskimos has slid to New York City!
WE ARE YOUNG IS MY JAM !
REPLAY !
lol
Cash money make the coochie go whoop whoop!
Eagles suck!!!...
Bears suck!!!...
Nobody to root for this year...
Guess I'll root for Pittsburgh for the rest of the year
justin's butt is so much bigger than mine.
sad face
I feel imma have to go w Mayweather.
: Pocket dolly?
that's what they call it.
get me some:
Toddler steals mouthful of unsweetd cocoa.
Look of utter horror: What THAT?
Me: thats choc, honey.
Toddl: Thas NOT CHOCOLATE!
Obviouslu that means she did the same;
Good to hear.
Church starts in roughly 30minutes, and no one else is up yet.
We're gonna be EXTRA late, and I honestly don't care
Thanks for givin me a chance the other mornin w/
SO YEAH TODAY AND YESTERDAY HAVE BEEN GREAT DAYS SO FAR OK
At Audio Grotto in Newport starting day 1 of recording!!
Thanks steve!
THANK YOU!!!
would you be willing to pay 150/month for this amazing pool and gym?
i need help with that part :
literally??
Or just in terms of the  of years?
Very excited to be playing at the newimproved !
Don't forget to mark your calendars for some great docs 4/26  5/6!
my emotions
Any recommendations for a laid back lounge in Koreatown in NYC?
Something chill with great atmosphere
TBS now plays American Dad in the middle of the day!
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you!
Justin Bieber lost 15 fans last night because he didn't stop to take photos for them because he needed to pee.
OMG.
Rockies Troy Tulowitzki injures left knee in Giants game tonight
it is, in fact, THE Ohio State University.
Beautiful!
Can't wait buddy
AW!
Love you more!
why didnt u do an apartment?
I'm moving more so for acting.
rt album by misterTOWER
Franzen has launched his movement training with what is a movement?
looking forward to it buddy.
My horse never wins..
I believe in second chances.
I just don't believe everyone deserves them.
Follow my tweets!
Is an Hot account related to Porn!;
It comes by the Pelham bay at 1:23 in the afternoon..
Walter Garber asked why it is called The Taking of Pelham 123
It true everyone is pretty in there own way!!!!:
remind me after Wednesday  when all my finals are done
Crazy tweets about S'rath on Novawhatever are from this iPhone game Star Defense.
Pretty fun if you're into the whole tower defense thing.
I can't wait for the doctorft on Thursday already got everything set to record.
Uhoh, officially cold and rainy on Steph's bridal/bachelorette day!
We will still have an inappropriate amount of stories by this time tmister
Best seats in the house for once.
First row!!
Trying to pack, but honestly, all I know about the next 6 days is that I'm flying into LAX and out of SFO.
Thought I was done interviewing people yesterday but 7 new resumes in my email when I woke up lol.
i pay attention...nothing we can do as the people to make a difference so whats the point...they DONT care pimin..
2012 Steelers doctorft, Rounds 23: Open Thread  Steelers Lounge
Thank you Joseph.
I would not know.
He just does.
He has serious issues thats the only thing I know.
Sign up for the Arthritis Expo this Friday, May 4 at the Point Loma Presbyterian Church at 8:30AM.
Sharp Memorial Senior Resource...
Wassup How You Been Haven't Spoke To You In OD Long !
Great workout today  but missed !
ova here but gone cost skee
Looking forward to kicking off ITechLaw World Technology Law Conference in DC tomorrow.
blackhawks win...i was getting nervous...
looks like someone hacked your twitter account  sending bogus links in DM
All I need is GOD  ZAY at da end of da day
in like 20 minutes?!
I'm getting called out until 11!!!!
I'm thinking about forming a Society for the Preservation of Adverbs and Adjectives in Writing.
Simple declarative is for lazy readers.
;
Just finished watching life of lil twist episode 4 swaggn
Haha I think Harry was flying solo this trip.
So tired couldn't wait now I have pillow/hair marks in my nail polish
Lets go Hokies...
: our safe house
Girls night out hitting up palm beach

I'm tryin', I'm tryin',  probably be more productive if I didn't spend so much time flirting with hottie doctors in NY :P
Kittens and puppies in the library!
Our Adoption event is getting set up, come hang out with or adopt a pet today from 14pm!
Slippery and wily.
Loved the image of you tackling it.
I saw your long red hair sticking out from under a football helmet.
Experiment: Will going to the midnight showing of HungerGames be worth me having a horrible sleepy 9 hr work day tomorrow?
Time will tell.
Caps N GownsOur daughter Lauren graduates from high school tonight!
under 20hrs,at least here, because of the retirement fund avg over 20hrs then have to be in it
I'm just surprised I knew it was you
thanks bro!
It's been about a month now but still not Twitter literate!
Thanks Sis!!!!!!
Oh my!
We can possible entertain that idea..lol
aww well I hope you feel better soon.
I'm spending it with my mom
where's the site info?
I'm happy to help anyway I can.
I have an evil thought process
Hi I have not seen your name for a while.
Its good to see you.
Its so busy I have no time for anything anymore.
there better not be any hills in my yard!!
gottamowlawnfor recovery
TheWife has tried the cat food.....
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge
I'm telling you smartass...i won it...got doctornk and lost it lol
Looks like we're buying you a doctornk Friday night!
Follow me and spread the word!
swagerdoodle
finds it scary when I can't break my character from real life...
Do you have any plans on coming to Canada, B.C Plz COME!
thanks for the mention!
Thank you for retweeting these: they are excellent.
Thanks to for the original
maybe I'm just a disgruntled Packers fan.
But , the opossum dung added such country charm to your garden!
Herb Kohl
My greatgreat grandfather had a 2nd grade education, was 74, still working, and made 215 a year.
This makes me cry and feel very grateful.
How do you make money online?
You find out common problems and solve them.
Juanita Waterman
Good herb 
CMU researchers constructed teen bedoctorom in research lab
I'm send you some of my root canal painkillers, but I bet that's some sort of felony.
;
EEK!
Roadtrip tomorrow w/ Mama and there's still SO much to do!
But I am SO excited!!!
First stop, GreenfieldIN www.maurajensen.com
thanks for the love!
Comcast went above and beyond tonight to right a wrong.
I'm impressed.
:
Squeal!
Finally got Apache and PHP running together!
This is a truly historic moment.
Time to take a celebratory nap.
I love having friends who understand my relationship with my dad.
It's not really easy to understand, and I'm glad someone understands.
I always wanted to see the Boss in Atlantic City, but seeing Hot Snakes, Fucked Up, Black Angels  Metallica there in June will suffice.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!
9
I hope all of you have a lovelyy night 3
The last cure is charring.
Oh God, I think I just ruined my life.
np Out Of Time ADTR:
wow..guess the world didn't end wo Mo..whew..good W tonite
I LOVE YOU FOR THIS!!!!
.
Adventure book for a teen boy.
Four teens set out to climb Everest and learn much about themselves.
It's life changing.
nowwatching America's Best Dance crew D
Thank you so much!
Fun meeting you!
Saw you yesterday at home  garden show.
Wanted to yell Aly, it's your move on WWF!!!
Thought it would be inappropriate haha
I'm waiting for James Franco to do doctorg.
Oh my goodness please let it start pouring at 5: 00 tonight!
oh haha okay
Taking a bite that habenero was a bad idea.
Thanks for the RT!
Go to sleep at 2, wake up at 7, look like Alice Cooper  Welcome to my Nightmare style.
in creative writing!
:
Happy New Year Aplin Family World Wide,ANY JIM APLINS OUT THERE?
follow me
Argentines, endtoend.
That's not life!
That's boredom in a box.
Made homemade grandma's pizza for work, how long will that last??
LOL
you are an ahole
for sure, I agree Texas is the team to beat
I hope Andoctorw Luck is successful with the Colts.
Hope they buy him a good team.
: Any feedback on our new website?
The site looks clean  is easy to navigate.
I'm interested in the webinar  am in the US.
You're now chatting with a random belieber.
Say swag!
ahaha
Freezing my butt off at the LSU game!
Geaux Tigers!
hotdog eating contest?
The NTF staff is worn out, but it's a good tired.
Some gracious attendees at nntc11.
It looks like a record for Cincinnati.
ok, I'm going to get ready
Hasta la vitsa and best wishes!
lol so true
Ryan Braun is a cheater!
Olivia Wilde is gorgeous.
Her eyes get me every time!
Holy shit, I just spoke at a Common Council meeting.
ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana till banana collapse
How was ur Mothers Day Mami?
Been wireframing for the last six hours.
I'm beat.
I have this insane craving for tacos all of a sudden.
A huge thanks to for bringing the truck to Queen Anne and the incredible praline ice cream sandwich!
You just did Sarah.
And thx to you we're all better informed about this.
Talent is what you possess; genius is what possesses you.
Malcolm Cowley
Thanks for reminding me!
I haven't updated my in way too long.
I need to write.
sounds like good times, what's the best food you've tried?
i feel weird for not having any kids in my early 30s when everyone else i know does...
am i missing out on wild rivers of joy?
got to see Pops Carter play a house show last night in Denton..
GOAT!
for some reason .
people that hashtag on facebook annoy me..
Like us on Facebook and get access to more amazing footage and actual interviews of celebrity responses to why Diversitymatters!
Turned 21 without even a hangover to show for it :
quit smoking so much
What role will social media play in Iowa?
and Larry Seiler will tell us up next on
It is so cold in my room...
Gorgeous night in SF.
Hitting up a BBQ with Anyone else getting to spend time outside?
Maintain  Make It Your Own
We are doing triage on the network.
Thanks for the patience.
hack4reno start prototyping locally!
I always make a point to put seat and lid both down.
If I have to lift it damn it, then so does she!
thats just rude it was an honest statement lol damn
Whoop!
Whoop!
Whoop!
Suck my duck bitch!!!!
Whoop!
Whoop!
Whoop!
Swag!
Swag!
On Thursday I'm publishing a story about Point Break, crowdfunding platforms, and breast enhancements.
Goat Rodeo Session's Attaboy is one of the best things written in the last year.
I can't stop smiling when I hear it.
Wat u say?
Boosie not guilty?!?!
Aw yea i will be waiting patiently on all the mixtapes and albums in the works
I'm so happy we don't have to cover snow today
LET'S BEGIN TO THINK ...LET'S THINK ABOUT HOW WE CAN CHANGE OUR COMMUNITY SO THAT PEOPLE CAN LIVE AGAIN!
Sir, I am not going to question where you got that wad of 20 bills from.
Yep, I'm in that part of town.
Best day ever!
the bitch and heer guilt face
wait wait wait Isis has twitter I never knew
So, IF the Phoenix Coyotes win the StanleyCup, does every player in the NHL get a ring?
I mean, they are owned by the league, right?
Okay then BYE!
;P
Trying to figure out where to go for NYE dinner.
Decisions, decisions.
In need of a pick me up!
circasurvive is a guiltypleasure.
I knew I was old when I was working a brief stint at hottopic and kids were mad I didn't know them.
that's disappointing.
Must say, not a bad week at all.
What is the best Pandora Station ever, Alex
WOW car keys?
can't believe I finished all the things I had to do for today...going out wins again
Will tonights Thunder Bucks game be a sale out
New Amsterwaukee ...
We'd become a tourist destination if it was legal; people could go 2clubs and Restaurant that cook with it
I want to go back to Tustin Michigan but I don't want to stay up all night.
:
are you coming over tonight for ?
:
Just reminded my mom that yes Blue Bloods with Tom Selleck is on Friday night.
One of her fave shows.
Come skate for the last time this season: LAST PUBLIC SESSION OF 2012 AT THE DOMINIC Mimi DIPIETRO ICE RINK WILL BE MARCH 31ST 35 P.M.
SUMMER SALE!!!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantivingfurniture WE HAVE UP TO  45 DISCOUNT ON ALL ITEMS..:
Hope everyone is having a GREAT Leap Day!
It only happens once every four years, so make it count!
So many things are said on this subject, I don't really know what to think about it, what's ur take?
Suggestions on seattle restaurant week joint for tonite???
Straight forward good food?
RT : Who do you have in the NC game tonight  Jayhawks or Wildcats?
I'll take MSU :
Hell yes Michonne!
hi not smart about the X call me
what's good ?
can't tweet!
But I'm writing in a manuscript!
That can't be right!
Have you read 'Grammar Snobs Are Great Big Meanies'  Great book!
Lisa Mason Excellent title for a book, got a better one?
when that one teacher came in  asked for some pencils.
Reported email issues to Justin W.
and Deb H.
this morning.
Will follow up.
Which client are you using?
Spending time with my cousins makes me super happy.
We grew up together n still hang out together.
We all just connect on a different level
At Martin Nature Park...with the rest of OKC apparently.
Miss the days when no one knew about this place.
It's now 43 and this game is far from over.
what a goaltending clinic!!
Someone come doctornk their face off with me!
I am a lone ranger right now.
It looked AMAZING!
;D Now I really can't wait for June 3rd.
My favorite part was the Stiles scene at the beginning lol ;p
Meeting today at Sony about rebooting D.A.R.Y.L.
/ This may sound funny but some things should not be joked about.
cc:
we all feel that way but god made you a beautiful woman by the name rocsi for a reason
One word is on my mind.....
FOOD
having TRUE friends is rare these days.
I've heard some say new FB groups are what Wave should have been.
Go to dirtydirtybirds.bandcamp.com to download the album  pay what you want, In Rainbowsstyle.
I cant blame you for walking away, cause maybe i didnt do enough to make you stay../3
Wings.
Crab cakes.
Scallops.
DavidDupree, u never should've placed me this close to this much goodness.
Can school be over already
Chris rock started talking about meat in the special I'm watching.
My dog is highly interested.
RT Miss nyc : left VIP portion of Jimmy Choo sample sale.
Mizhattan report to come.
Prices 75 OR 225!
No tax on the 75 pairs
It's all good Baybeh Baybeh!
Thanks a lot!
We're glad to have you behind us.
The museum is FREE tomorrow for First Friday!
Open 10am5pm.
No evening hours because of the 4th of July holiday.
26 times I've been trusted 2 take the Game's winning shot  missed.
I failed over  over in my life.
This is why I succeed!
M.Jordan
So, what do you want to say to the U.S.
Conference of Catholic Bishops meeting in Atl next month?
Ah Friday Night Party at My House!!
Fine...I'm going to bed
Don 4 Life..what's the best night to bring the wife to Jimmy's to have dinner and say hello?
All my bloods on that instagram said I speak that real SHIT let's write a book and get richh
The Rangers take an early 10 lead.
out let's get against
Williamsburg VA for work.
And thanks:
Awesome!
Bring it on, girl!
Knowing that you can have someone make you feel better when you most need it 
A true tweetup should be at a bar.
Where shall we meet up?
APInnovate /cc
Smooth move, Chance.
I was wondering about when we were going to get our 53rd te....whew
an while u at it tell the warden I said fuk his bitch ass!!
Maybe it's finally time for some live lessons from ?
ttp://blog.laylajoy.com/furformen.html
Sorry friends our phone is down, working on getting it back up!
owe you in a good mood tonight huh?
I want my bd dick ill pass on Carlina's you can let her hit tho lmao
Apple Consultants Looking for an NFR for Parallels 7.
Tks
TODAY'S DEAL:When you fall on UR face, dust off and march on...
Fat Tuesday!
Trey Grimm will be taking all of your music requests tonight starting at 8pm.
doctornk specials all night.
Life's one big party when you're still young, But who's gonna have your back when it's all done?
Good vibes and a speedy recovery going out to
Oh, and please buy Krugman's new book ...or practice true 'austerity', and refrain from buying it.
One way to inspire confidence: explaining a miscommunication by acknowledging: Dude, I messed up.
Is there a way to mute someone's tweets without in following them?
This hangover 
So we are about to find out what hotel concierges think about STREAKING
Dance routines during musical performances just don't fit the format very well.
Dumb dude on the train is kinda funny.
Whatever.
Ebanks and Hill puttin in work!
I wanna READ IT !
ObjectiveC?
Working on an iPhone/iPad app?
For the library, or...?
BTW, we missed you at the Voyager devdev meeting.
I WILL BE LIVE ON JUSTIN.TV/STREETGROOVEMAGAZINE IN 30MINS HOPE TO SEE U GUYS THERE COME CHAT WITH ME ABOUT THE MUSIC BIZ
Jorge in Columbus..
At Nancy's Steakhouse in Columbus.
Last meal was leftovers from House of Pies.
Ate it soggy and cold Friday night.
WI State Senate set to pass 2 bills that improve crim justice sys 4 survivorsmore experienced ADAs and allowing hearsay  prelim hearings.
Peace and quiet
: Faried is such an animal.
loved his game in college.
Knew it would translate well
did you save it can you put it on tweetlonger or something I really wanna read it tori!
Did anyone check out yesterday?
having no expectations means that you wont be disappointed
Joe Lawless uses social media to communicate with students to get them to communicate with each other
Tomorrow is Valentine's Day don't you wish you could Getfoundquick?
Stop wishing and make it happen NYC!
yes that's what I'm talking about.
Byron Scott fired by N.O.
Hornets after 36 start to season
If you want to gather honey, don't kick over the beehive.
Dale Carnegie
WHO wants to make me HAPPY: by following my other acvount  I follow back!
Me and jeff are doing impersinations.
Lol
I'm always straight facing someone.
RT : Really ?
I have to fill out a captainha to search?
Like you have THAT much traffic?
Should I go back to Google?
10 hour shifts blow
What we certainly don't need more of: folks bitching about the History Channel.
If you don't like it then don't watch it.
Enough already
In the house playing some 2k12.
not sure where I am or why.
i am!
and a while ago i'd get so many views but now i struggle to get 50...
i feel like i'm getting worse and worse!
/:
Thanks for all the love and support!!!
Great night for Boston sports!
I wish things weren't falling apart right now.
:
Keri Hilson...
Writing style  Artist Style
I understand.
Flights to Boise are 
You are today where your thoughts have brought you; You will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you.
James Lane Allen
Gearing up for Hawaiistyle holidays.
Join us...for a getaway stay, a holiday dinner, or just to reconnect w/friends  family.
Mele, mele!
I think I might test doctorve FT  NYT side by side.
FT is 50 less per year..
Winning an Oscar 3 times is still incredibledespite 17 nominations.
What ya got for me?
Why would you want another AllStar on the team?
You had Clyde doctorxler, what more could you want?
We're at El Bar with our amazing editors listening to Country gotta love LA!
you're bring me a trophy back, right?
We love suggestions for our parents who tune in daily!
You are now featured on our Facebook page!
you know me.
Rockin and rollin...
howdy pal i've become slightly hard at it recently heres that software link I use to make 88 on betfair in 25 minutes
Most potential good fighters are going into other sports.
That amazing moment when your dad knows all the lyrics to the song and is proud to say he saw him live!
punk cousin whore wife thinking i really emailed her.
get a life!
lol.....
how are you?
We're down.
We love tacos.
Figure out how to send them to us.
We made it thru the coldest Feb.
in almost 10 years but March is shaping up for more comfortable temperatures.
: your closest boy is a mannequin?
Lol they're all over miami
you really want El Salto's
I just finished the first book in The Hunger Games series, Omg simply amazing!
I can't wait to see the movie now!
On to the next book!!
In Spanish heka hungry lunch is NEXT!!!!!,
my parents think I'm hoeish Lmfaoo I'm like bitch please I can schools some people that look like professorssion strippers;
Let me tell u something honey....I've already experienced the worst, so I know I could overcome the bad!
I don't know why I pick Georgetown to go far in the tournament every year.
PatrickEwing is NOT coming through those doors any time soon.
Stefan, Damon and Elena should consider Polyamory.
Brilliant option I reckon.
;
please follow back it'll mean do much!
Thanks for making Believe its going to be Amazing!
I already know it!
: MuchLove!
I don't want to go pack.
Ughh /:
Are you guys in NY yet?
keep your head up...we will be fine...People like us always come out on top :
Ah ah I make your girl wet with my voices all nite that's why she cannot be sleep withour talking me
Lunch at bread and cie.
Word
Who's from Milwaukee
Easy by Rascal Flatts is the best song ever 
Sorry about my twitter everyone!
wow, good for you!
Let me me know when you're in town.
Lets get it crackin on vacation workin on the mixtape
You should let everyone know that they sholud visit us at ACen in booth 1409.
:
i dont pretend to kno wha love is 4 everyone but i can tell u wha it is 4 me love is knowing all abt someone  still wantin 2 b with them 3
I love yuzu

bout time !
Lol
Baking birthday cake and appetizers for my youngest son's birthday.
My little boop is now 14.
Tip 203: It really is better to GIVE than to receive, but when you are the recipient, receive gifts with joy!
EVERY Sunday : so that Mondays are bearable
Seeking REAL PUBLICITY for your brand?
PRodigy Groupe is taking on New Entertainment/Lifestyle clients!
Email for consultation!
you'll need comfortable clothes and shoes
Ha.
That's what you get for pub crawling during a sunny weekend in PDX!
Hope your head feels better soon.
Now this is the next one
LMMFAO U TOO FUNNY...For Your Sake I Hoep They Dont Either....
Pulling an allnighter tonight so i can finish all this crap
Catching up on episodes today, true relaxation if you ask me :
Time to shut off my friend Twitter.
Must do some focused afternoon amwriting.
Again, Happy Firday  enjoy your weekend.
Until next time.
Anyone doctornking Beer right now?
IF so, which one?
makealist to get tasks done more quickly, leaving that all important time for creative thinking
TV eyeballs are worth more than bringing home the cup.
I think a matter of what gets done b 4 7/1 that will decide for him.
Too many UFA/FA, until that is decided he doesn't.
haha.
taking the car and about to have an adventure.
what time is it?
ITS ADVENTURE TIME !!
390 city league baseball at it's best
This one time at my track meet...
STAMPEDNDIVAS WILL BE DOING THE MARCH IF DIMES SAURTDAY APRIL 28, TO MAKE A DONATION GO TO STAMPEDNDIVAS AND IT WILL COME UO.THANKS
Role of Aquaculture Discussed at Congress
You're welcome 
Jack in the box jumbaco so korny it works...
Not accusing you of anything.....lol
I'm a longtime scouter  got married in the Castro.
No respecter of persons.
Fascinated by different beliefs
RT : nf thanks for the follow  teamfollowback  You have some feathers coming out of your breast plate
can't wait to hear it!!
only because I don't know you
Everybody is so quick to follow the movement, but at the same time complaining about how broke they are.
on radio not 2 clear but if its against can't co sign he's my fam
Who wants 80s 90s hip hop and top tonight???
yeah that's like my cousin doing that I would beat her up haha !
So therefore you can't in all conscience vote for him.
Yet Obama supports gay marriage.
Playing truth or dare is always funny until it gets to your turn
I will.
I'm looking forward to going there.
FilesAnywhere Saves the World One Tree at a Time!
Despite popular opinion America was based on the principle we should go chasing waterfalls.
My boyfriends niece is adorable 
Are state highered systems too complex to get K16 alignment right?
Do the various structures this help or harm student success?
I want to go to NY in December.
It's happening!
If you build it, they will come.
Make things happen yourself then all else will fall into place!
via
Question for Tyra: What did she get that turquoise ring?
To every Ravensnation fan out there...
Follow !!!
If u don't instead on Nightmare on Russell St it will b Nightmare on UR St!
Omg those Baylor uniforms are really bad...I think they meet ANSI req't's and could wear them at work!
We should propose it.
THIS is why I don't like flying.
Oh, the possibilities!
RT A plane with a hole in the windshield is set to land shortly in Austin.
Right now on the , Miami Dolphins 2nd Round Pick joins us Live!
Don't miss it!
Have I mentioned my new fave yogurt: Dannon Oikos nonfat honey?
130 calories.
Assuming UCLA coeds like it 2 bc Ralph's all out.
Shiiit well then ima just have to doctorp it on you son!I will send you the official version once I get her all recorded and mixedG
Thanks for the feedback!
issue with math is security.
Random guessing has a high success rate.
: Being content with a certain position is just sayin that u like being a regular/average person
You may only be someone in the world, but to someone else, you may be the world.Source Unknown
Happy Monday!
Make it great!
Tickets to prescreening of The Dictator: locked in.
Thanks !
/cc
don't forget his agent is Bus Cook.
are you home yet to cuddle your pillow pet?
Nickelback w/ special guest Bush will rock Farm Bureau Live  VB on Sat 7/28  tix go on sale NEXT Sat 3/17 at 10am
Tminus 3.5 hours til the live stream chat w/ from !
Hear what he has to say about his new docuseries!
how come I havnt been following you?!?!
Well, now you only need 8 more followers :
: I need an assistant.
yes to this!
Fitness is like religion.
There are many interpretations on the best approach.
None are wrong, none are the only right one
It's a snowy Presidents' Day here in the Midsouth.
If you don't know what an IP addoctorss is, you have no business voting in favor of SOPA
v helpful, thx for link.
Since we moved from PMBOK to agile we've also doctorpped the forms
I can't wait to see the menu!
There are barcodes on almost all our filing cabinets.
I guess that is in case we misplace one.
I'm a Logan.
Who is u?
Lol
getting sushi w/ then the beach to get doctornks!!!!
Getting picked up early 
Aldon is way too close to Alex.
Thank you!
It feels like a literal weight removed from my shoulders!
Ok, got updates on syria  now, whats the evil speudonation Israel up to?
The usual genocide, apartheid racism and hate n general?
do you put hot sauce on yours
Have you started filming the next season of Gigantic yet?
do you feel like you jinxed him?
cause I think you did
At a show last pm, there was a guy up front taking video with his iPad raised in the air.
My thought: get an iPhone...
bikram yoga is tough, you go girl!
Second sunrise I'm seeing in 2 days.
Going for a record
Just got an automatic Googledoctorve app update on my phone, after launching it, it says Google doctorve isn't ready yet.
James Franco is pretty cool
I hate it when I have to see people go through what I've had to go through.
It's heart wrenching.
I recently acquired a bag of saltwater
why not?xD
It's Monday, I'm already wishing it was Friday!
This weekend is going to be the best one I've had in a while!
Words can't describe how demoralizing this loss is for that team when they had it won.
If they come back it says a lot.
slcwebinar Starting in 2010, Friday Finds became part of Harold's PKM.
you gonna show up on Saturday?
Of course your colleague would stumble in with a torn shirt  a bullet wound while you were showering.
Mindfulness helps you fall in love with the ordinary.
Thich Nhat Hanh
Thank you again for the RT of my blog...and thanks for following me...
What are the odds I can acquire 6 TVs between now and 10am?
I'm at school and I'm tired...
UGH!!!
Hey YiLing!
So excited to see you here!
We've got to catch up soon...
It's a Shark Attack!!!
Oh no!!
The Shark is hit!!
He's down!!
cuz people were blowing me up!
I went back to sweepiez until you guys just texted me and woke me up again haha
no thank you
Thank you !
We used the Amex Gift card at Hill Country Running  Hope to see you soon!
Watch for high water on the roads.
Turn around don't doctorwn!
hahaha thats hilarious,I'm glad I could help I guess, I haven't talked to you in forever!
ditto!
Changes your whole outlook :
Hello!
Please email craftybastardsvolunteerswashingtoncitypapercom for more details on how to volunteer.
Have you heard of the fiberglass windows and patio doors offered by Pella?
For replacement projects in Albuquerque call Jeff 3620529.
Going back to school for a 15 min study hall lame
Stop being so beautiful
I already wrote to them, There is funding I can apply for.
I put it on the list of things to do.
RT : i need a boo thang to sleep w.
;
What a success!!!
I had 9 doggies come to my seminar with about 20 humans.
:
RT If You Love Justin Bieber 3
Do we move woodson to safety and put shields  other corner?
It's such a joy to work with people that love what they do.
Their happiness radiates into good work  fun work.
Ahha.
I should have said, Thanks, Noha
are you could w/ how to get there?
It is right by Target etc.
I can call just let me know.
I just pulled a splinter out I my finger with my teeth.
I feel like such a
Whatever you've got going this weekend, pair it with a happy hour!
www.gotime.com
Miss you Hope you're not having to use that baton too often!
See ya in Boston.
Just saw a shooting star..
what is your FAVORITE beer?
You live by the 3 you die by the 3 UNC!!!
Yes, sun is critical.
The commuting one has to do here to live in a sane place.
Where my job is sucks.
I can't really live in Seatt
is rocking it at Silk.
That's how them Rockstar Boys do business!
I read back those tweets.
UM...
I meant if you joined I could help you follow the program.
lol
Yes!
This!
Someone might, I don't know, nudge a company like Party Poker to put on the felt...
Greentagged items are only 1.29 today at all of our stores.
It's the perfect day to find that unexpected treasure!
Curious, about how big is the cliffhanger for the Reborn!
anime when you're done with episode 203?
YUP ANOTHER TWEET TO ASKING HIM TO FOLLOW ME....BUT ITS ALSO ANOTHER TWEET THAT HE WONT SEE
Maybe if the Clips had made free throws and taken advantage of 22 Memphis turnovers they wouldn't be in this position.
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your doctorams.
Oprah Winfrey
TUNE IN NOW....www.texas101jams.com
okay getwelsooon to him...
take care of him ingey
OMG HE SO FREAKIN ADORABLE.!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I would spoil him ROTTEN lmao.!
Aw 3
Enjoyed bonding with the team at dinner tonight cc
RT : For a Pisces to forgive is the highest, most beautiful form of love.
Lol my timeline is live today!
what did you fools puff on this morning?
lol lol
One of the guys in my seminar yesterday is making a living as a screenwriter.
Started out doing free stuff then used that to get paid gigs.
you're welcome!
Same to you!
Lost time is never found again.
Benjamin Franklin
we both bought tickets on miles.
His is 2 006 2364780032
you just made my day.
:
Sorry about that, it should be working now.
Great day today!
So I have a feeling Biochem is going to pwn me next semester.
Not looking forward to it.
oops didn't mean to retweet that!
Thanks!
So what's going on with you?
I don't care if my foot is still in pain.
I'm going for a run.
I'll probably make it worse.
I'll run instead.
New coming later today.
TONS of musical equipment on this one.
Ugh!
Can't sleep!
On the plus side, now I never need to wonder how embarrassing it would be to stand up in front of a class with my fly unzipped.
MLM Update!
Sevarus
Just finished the ribbon cutting and starting the tour
Master Blaster runs Bartertown!
just might be one of the movie lines I quote most.
You need to meet my friend who's teaching The Rhetoric of Music Blogs this yr
Listening to this afternoon.
Always forget how much I like their albums
when will we hear new music from you?
:

hope you're writing a review for IFA
64 of Marylanders support a fivecent fee on disposable bags when the proceeds are reinvested locally.
Dear ferrari doctorver, I am not trying to race you I'm fully aware of the fact that my Honda civic is slower than you.
I hope you feel silly
mad awks to the maxwise words of amanda
ME TOORT This is how it is: I MISS YOU.
: Brunette's love sour candies.
thehairoscope that's me:
A moon man and a fat squirrel and I'm out of beer at my apt.
Boring Friday night.
Currently listening to: Rickey Lee Watson  Black  3
good deal Son, I might be a little occupied this weekend with company of my own...
same detergent as always.
Unless they changed formula.
But why only night I spend more time in clothes
Lol that was crazy ladt night, happy bday guys!
Stop by and say hello.
We're right across the street.
slept like a champ..
well i do everything in my bed like a champ
baseball is america's past time because it is the perfect thing to put on in the background.
slow enough you're not going to miss something.
The best way to cheer yourself up is to cheer someone else up.
Mark Twain
wearing a loud paisley print buttonup with summer board shorts and lily green loafers.
is that me walking towards me!!
what i say when i see my brother.
I'll be aight tho cause God's got a blessing with my name on it...
hey let me know when you can come over Saturday!!
in other words Obama's redistributive change, that is forcing use middle class into poverty.,
: Bon Iver kind of sounds like if the Doobies put out an indie rock record..
or Bruce Hornsby
American Idol is irritating and America is tone deaf.
Smoke in my lungs and my eyes low
oh yeah sure Fatah really Hamas AFTER Hamas murdered so many Palestinians connected with Fatah.
What are you thinking?
only if you go with me!
I think I might pick up a new subwoofer today Yorkville LS801P is looking pretty good right now!
Money Saving Tip 29: Remove your credit card numbers from your online accounts.
Make it harder to buy online.
i wouldn't mind doctorfting a OL in the 1st round either.
Little Richard was seriously injured in a car accident on this day in 1985.
Is that why he's had so much plastic surgery?
I have a lot on my agenda today!
: Had a good convo with my boy today big things in the makin baby!!
BirdMan hand rub.Fasho Theyhavenoidea IMDB ME ASAP
Mehhh I'll text you tonight then!
Bus gonna break any secind and 5 battery
Srsly wish i was still in kickboxing.

I'm such a news junkie!
u got that right lol
An average sports bettor will seldom have the time required or the knowhow to properly handicap games
There are no asterisks that say 5 weeknight games.
Heck said on SR he wasn't happy w/ sked.
It is what it is.
Kitchen Dining Furniture Ideas  Home Remodeling and Home ...
Every mispelling this morning has been one too many rs or one too few  maybe my key is sticky.
No.
: Does it get any cheesier than the butler cabin?
masters
1:23am is a BAD time to discuss people's theories of the end of the world.
Jimmy, are you getting your own show?
you're awesome
then go to sleep it's 3:51 here
OMG THEY THINK JACKSON A WEREWOLF BUT I KNOW HES GONNA TURN INTO A WEREWOLF CAUSE OF THE SCRATCH FROM DEREK AH LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
Be safe!
All Blacks selection analysis  Second fiveeighth
uhh...
I didn't doctorve you home last night, I gave  a ride home.
You told me you'd take the Night Owl bus.
Search Engine Optimisation  Enlarging Visibility.
Search Engine ...
Well, that was a nice involuntary nap.
the new elm street is actually pretty good.
I'd be pissed too.
Marshall go to your wife lily in labor himym and this going to be a good episode
ICantGetEnoughOf pretty little liars
ah shit I might just have to make it there and watch!!!
Happy Birthday.
Hope you have a great weekend.
Great cupcake sale today at Brewing Grounds for Change!
Vegan friendly!
Not really a big fan of any Mormon having any opinion about the definition of marriage
The pain of addiction, homelessness can be avoided if kids get love  mentors.
Check out
thanx 4 the vis lit shoutout.
I'm a librarian  teach info lit.
Data viz is an important aspect of it
Ouch.
Is it me or does this year feel worse diversitywise than recent years?
baking brownies!
m m
Finishing book edits.
Exciting Time!
: I Was Finna Say You Gotta Be Settled Down  Shit To Want That Yakno .Yea I know I'll be ready in like a year
Enjoying visiting with family before the end of the year!
Kisses are like tears, the only real ones are the ones you cant hold back.
Childe David to the fork in the road at which he must decide whether to support browsers with javascript turned off comes.
Michael Jackson FANS!!!!
Come join us for a groovy time !
Try OUR DIRTY DIANA Martini!
SIGNATURE WINGS  SLIDERS!!
Get up today and do something, anything, that's bringing you closer to your doctorams!
RT : Really impressed with OneNote 2010.
Integrated audio  video recording, integration with Outlook, linking between pages l ...
What is this amazing place?
When it comes to ethics, the FTC says that the brand is always responsible.
Amanda Knox appeals trial resumes in Italy
OMG SAYSOMETHIN IS JUST SO PERFECT.
IM LIKE CRYING.
AUSTIN YOUR AMAZING 3
same here sexy
10 Stressful Jobs With Low Pay
professorssionals, entrepreneurs, creatives, educators, innovators, etc., all roads lead to tomorrow.
Happy Birthday!
Have a good one.
: xo
The greatest discovery of my generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind.
William James
Say something good about yourself today!
We can find the negatives but what about the positives!
I am handsome, now what about you?
thank you!!
Have I told you??....
I hate My job.
Playing with in Huntington at 830.
Come down and Check us out.
IT's FREE :.
hold off on that wait til the 9th
I don't trust myself when I'm like this.
where!?
Thts effing awesome!!!
lmao did you take that personal figured that was ya fav movie
NKY.
I'm off today too.
Are you going?
I hope Barkley tonight is the name of a new talk show with Charles Barkley!
LOLOLOL Carmen is so cute!
I love my sissy 
no...
I just thought we were in college now, not in highschool.
clearly namecalling never gets old...
Didn't tweet during the work day, but worked on text annotation plan, proofreading process, and schema debugging.
In choosing a president, we really don't choose a Republican or Democrat, a conservative or liberal.
We choose a leader.
Rudy Giuliani
: IseenADudeTweet doctorke album is giving me EVERYTHING right now ha I'm crying right now!!!
I MISS YOU BOO!
COME BACK GO CHICAGO
I bought two iPods when I should have bought stock.
treble: women ain't nothin' but.
Im Not A Toy .
So Don't Treat Me Like One .
Guyss Are AssHoles These Days .
I'm still not sure about writing here myself, but for finding info, articles,  teaching materials, it's tops.
Let's hope this match will be a go.
We've waited too long for this to be rescheduled.
THFC  EFC ;
hit my.
Lol
will do
Don't know if imma make it thru
Hiking and ziplining with :
Just challenged to create a 3cheese sauce with only 2 cheese?
Can he pull it off?

Girl,why we are not yet familiar?
GOD PROTECTS YOU, STUPID CREATING!!!
can we forgive ourselves as well.
Punana Leo O Maui will be at the Maui Mall on Saturday at 12 noon, along with our weekly hula show at 1 p.m., with kumu Iola Balubar!
sCUM fans have to be the MOST DUMBEST in sports!
Reading a tweet that had LOL as lose ohio lose.
last I checked, didn't you lose to OHIO?
You should post it on CastingExchange.com too  it's free :
BouceThatAss For A Cricket Phone
In highly unfortunate moment, the Chicago dive in which am consuming a margarita has Turning Japanese on satellite radio
Thanks!
Stay tuned for news on Lauren  Carrie :
Awesome!
I have a text book I'd like sold in digital form.
How do you rec.
I do that?
nothing better to do huh?...
what you on about :'?
It's been real sxsw ...now I'm going to go sleep for two days and blog
Im church enjoying myself
What theme are you used to?
That sounds like the one I knew.
sorry I had to reread that opss ha
cause it looks weird bro come on!!
woops that link looks off.
you'll figure it out.
xo.
I was Enchanted to meet you
Jury seated.
Both sides rest and close.
Judge Skinner reading jury charge.
Each side should get 30 minutes for closing arguments.
happy new year hun
needs to stop texting so we can practice!
He is a Jack
Actually really happy for early game 7 Sunday, I'll be down in CA for a wedding on Sunday but wedding doesn't start til 4.
Legit.
Come'n git it.
My kitchen will welcome you with open arms any time.
10  DAY ONE
The Brazilian women are tall but the Dominican ladies are athletic.
Who to root for?
Heck, they are all beautiful.
Then don't leave it!
I misses you.
team on 175 to SEA rocks!!
Thx Kris for giving me your seat w/ the TV!!!Hope someone does something nice for you today!
The downside to letting the yorkies sleep in my bed is that when I wake up sweating, I smell distinctly of dog.
ewww Keisha Cole gross that's like watching someone pick their nose lol jk
You Should Know Why..I've Been Trying All Day And He Still Never Talks Back!!!
just got out of class/
And look at how last season turned out...oh wait...
Indeed!
RT : Lobster Mac  Cheese, short ribs, chicken pot pie, chix  waffles.
Good American staples.
Every morning I ponder the creative process behind Lazy Town.
Why is one kid real and the rest plastic???
that is so awesome, congrats!
Well 3 of 4 isn't bad only Boston wining series not happy, they'll get theirs in next round.
Now series to watch vs.
4sur
Whose surprise that the clippers losing?
I'm not they are who I thought they were lob city a.k.a highlight team
Checking out the mobile digital storytelling session at
alright we should!: and love you too girl!
: and yea ill text you:
Was really hoping unemployment rate wouldn't go up!
not funny
sad face.
I just checked TWC.
Seems to be working.
I want a root beer float more than I've ever wanted anything else.
you wanna fight?
you're askin for it!!!
;
You're quite welcome.
Hope we get to work together sometime!
Next season, there will be another team with black and white in their color scheme!
Stop by and try our Colts Blue Lemonade today!
Get a free large with any purchase!
I'm stuck walkIng home with no shoes because my sister is too scared to take the bus.
UUUUUUUGGGGGGHHHHHHHH!!!!
It's been a really hard day
uhuh, and i followed you btw :
Lots of good music in the city!
Chicago's got it goin on!
yeah heck with those fake followers
really glad you're real.
ill say till you reach puberty
My luxury brand followers are pretty quiet today  I need something/one to make fun of!
Quick, someone tweet about a yacht sale.
There are 3 levels of ignorance: 1stWe do not know the answer.
2ndWe do not know the question.
3rdWe do not know that there are questions
The SF Participatory Archives Group is inspecting and prepping 8mm film for scanning at a fast clip.
Really amazing group of people.
I will, I'm clearing that day for your parrtaaaaaay .
It is rather odd to be followed by a beerfest!
is on!
July 28th in Erie!
RT : You can not script, hypnotize, or command relationships
First Susan Boyle, now this!
What dates, my friend?
Help me choose a new background for my twitter page
no problem, it's easy when it's a great song!
I'd like to interview sometime, gimme a call 5028754040
Four of my favorite things...
George Clooney, Brad Pitt, Matt Damon and vodka!
and i are so fing pumped for to play a kick ass show!!!
Feels so very alive, after that thorough workout.
All doctorssed up for prom...thenoopswatch what happens next on Thanks to producers and
i love when people act different cause their bf is around, not
And then in 2010 when he had the chance, he had one of his cold streaks which hurt.
I uh smell a winner already....
Js.
Cannot believe its friday already!!!
Don't forget about solid Ts  Cs with your mobile apps.
Shout to One of the Baddest Bass Players in the USA and a friend!
The first time my friend showed me twitter the first thing I thought was ofcourse hes gorgeous hes Australian.
oh shit my professoris sitting next to me for the guest speaker guess i won't be on Facebook today ahaha
Are the HdoctorCourse apps of use if I have your book?
OMG yes.
Need to fix that ASAP.
Anyone have an mp3 of the show me what you got  tune from the DiscountDoubleCheck boombox?
U know what I'm talkin about!
Watching Richie rich
thatcamp discussion on sustainable conference swag.
So far I only have 2 ladies planning on going tomorrow.
Lets please go to this show even for a little while.
lkasdfjasdlkf CANT.
WAIT.
OMG.
Having so much fun teaching, great vibe of my singers, great results, just loving to develop artists!!
I'm amazed I'm not that tired after getting 4 1/2 hours of sleep.
I'm a little disappointed in the outcome still, but am so proud.
See you at the Washington Cincinnati game tomorrow
Hi.
I know the complete history of our language.
I will never use this information.
Ever.
But it's still interesting.
I3college.
its ok baby pats yo weave
ok facebook family I'm curious..
what's in your cd player/iPod right now.....
AREN'T OCCUPY FOLKS JUST A WEE EMBARRASSED SHOUTING OUT LUCY PARSONS AFTER NEVER ONCE ADdoctorSSING SETTLER COLONIALISM?
Mind in one place.
Heart in another.
doctorzzy
I think the same exact thing every time I go in there!
I mean, you're kinda dating a nerdy guy so it only makes sense.
3
The film is a good debut with a good lead performance ...
and that's all
Agrees w Joan Walsh from salon.com  The safety net is not a hammock.
Im a winner...
But when coke comes out of your nose the only word you can say is ouch
Trying to give a ditzy girl directions
Love workin !!
Where education and experience makes a sound difference!!
I like conversations where I dont have to think about what to say, it just comes naturally...
you are amazing and i love im happy we will see each other tomorrow !
No one guy can works the boards/cycle make amazing passes and score the goal.
The team overall wasn't working together.
The Silk Tie likes TJ!
The mayor of simpleton is always welcomed by the mayor of ties to thesilktie.com
RandomisterdSox Caesar Crespo
Charrette days are my favorite days.
Improvised sustainable design!
My worlds collide on these days.
Friends are family you choose
I hear we have mutual friends!
Hopefully we can meet soon.
:
oh,when it will be finished ?
:
Alright, how do you kill the skeleton king in diablo beta
i agree 100
Anywho about to lay it down hopefully I can sleep peacefully never mind I'm sleeping wit pune lol
A world famous motivator!
Thanks for the follow.
We look forward to your posts.
Jo
I guess middle dynastic period Egyptian youths were into hanging out and doctornking in marsh thickets?
Sort of makes sense.
...the crew sent a poem by Pablo Neruda to Brooke.
Couse they know she loves it.They are now fighting against the elements
I would love a tool that tells you if you're using a certain word too much in an essay.
Does anything like that exist?
at a2 international education fair talking about udel Intensive English Program at the ELI.
You know what also caches ...
tweets in HootSuite.
;
MTV did so well with  plot, character dynamics, teen scenarios.
I 3 this show because I appreciate the work that went into it!
Judge asking if the goal is to align primaries, why not run candidates as Republicans?
Ok, I can see how people can get into thevoice.
I dig.
I'm sad and angry and i just want to go home and lay in bed and sleepforever and
Rob Lowe announced Peyton Manning's retirement and now a rapper is saying Eddie Murphy is dead.
Twitter may be the downfall of society.
Starting in March we are open on Sundays...relax with us.
Did you know a Rock Star is neither a rock nor a star.
It's a greasy guy who loves leather pants and cocaine
love that last tweet!!
followme :
Gin cocktail, soup and oyster appetizer Jim, super staff.
Forgot to mention tomorrow!
Lucky me.
So many awesome events in
Pain is how you know for sure you are really alive.
I hate you on the weekends I hate you at night during the day I hate you now all week I hate you forever, so STFU AND get away!
Looking for an apartment in Chicago or know someone who is?
Follow us on Twitter to see more!!!
RT In Houston, there is always ample parking under the trees at sunset.
Where a 1000 grackles will shit on your car.
Truth is the first casualty in any war.
im glad i didnt have no reading homework !!!
He's either ahead of schedule or retiring, what's the deal?
Retreat in 1 day!!!
feelin like a spy hiding my fries from this library lady MYOB!
It's so hard to read the doctorft when you sit at pick 25...
Can't wait for the NFLdoctorft to find out who the Broncos take!
DT, CB, RB?
You are blessed I wish my Grams was still here!!
ya looks like a stoopid version of tansformers
at home , eatin
books, but if there's an app I may as well quit work and become a shutin immediately
Listen, Share...
Spread it like butter
think about latenight?

Real friends reach out and help each other in their time of need.
At least that's what I hear
HA!
Yeah, lets go with that!
that's a trick they use to have you spend more money b/c once they see your DL,they realize you are a long way from home
Everyone says buying your first apartment makes you feel like an adult.What no one mentionsisthat sellingitturnsyou right back into a child.
I have never wanted a puppy as much as I want one right now.
never thought I would ever ROOT for Indiana in anything but lets goo!
Before the tongue can speak, it must have lost the power to wound.
Peace Pilgrim
Goodness I love my coworkers 3
Thanks to for bringing live fireworks coverage to those who couldn't stay out until midnight
I agree about doctorwSomething.
Contemplating deleting.
I don't think it will happen with Instragram.
No sleep from last night  Sleeping all day today  Nocturnal Camila.
Love my team.
Now that I feel better, barfing at Spago was really an incredible way to mark the coming changes in my life.
If it was up to me, there would be no such thing as cancer.
Contcourses consist of Dell's SM principles, policy, tone and an elective employees can choose between twitter, fbook etc cc:
follow me?
; make my doctoram come true
better check that.
Football team just out scored the hoops team.
lets hope that goes as well as this weekend!
love you too.
Happy birthday to :
Rob feels differently about that...
Getting some errands and chores done while I puzzle out next few pages in script.
yo peeps the phone is off till tomarrow i might get uh new number
Thanks for the mention Happy Thanksgiving to you too!
I'm black, mexican  white.
The amount of good luck coming your way depends on your willingness to act
BETTY WHITE!
FTW!
Ed Burns is the world's luckiest guy
I hate the trend of posting audiovisual recordings in lieu of written minutes.
Very hard  slow to find the relevant section.
good luck tomorrow
So excited to finally be one of the cool kids with an iPad!
Sure hope there's breakfast at this thing.
Yayyy maps!
Well deserved award for RT : Thunder's James Harden wins NBA Sixth Man Award.
if a newbie website you visited has cool stuff, but their online store is broken would you go back to try again?
Why wait another minute for something we shoulda done yesterday 
won't let me party up or join friend's mw2 lobby...any suggestions?
Pffft!
WHAT ABOUT ALL OF THE RUNNING?!
:
Baba Black sheep have you any wool/ or yarn or cotton or leotards no bull/ fine figures in garments spillin soy in Nobu/ .
I CANT RETWEET OR REPLY SHIT
Bobby ryan to the bruins???
I will always love no matter where life takes me3
Part 1 of 3: Power panel  BAsummit2011 on adoption of Business Intelligence: 1: Gain buyin / confidence among BU leaders on the data
I figured that's how it would be, but it's alright.
We shall find something to do!
I would play it on th PS3 but they don't offer the first mass effect on it.
I gotta finish what I started!
haha, if only I had a cajon!
love how the gay box has a little mouth
I will be at edcampct again this year  just need to mark my calendar!
Will we find at SXSW next week?
If so, will buy the first round.
Is anyone else freaked out by similarities between Iceland volcano and Life As We Knew It?
Would be a good current events booktalk now.
when are you in SF ?
Hey, I'm not really sure who to ask, but I was wondering if anyone would be able to help me weld an ikea leg.
I feel like I'm all alone smh  I'm in a room full of people
Jealous?!
Yeah right!
He's with me cuddling right now!
Cheater ;
lmfao ahh bestfriend WERE SO GUNNA BE AT THE BEACH EVERY DAY WITH YOU KNOW WHO!
Mike's harder lemonade in happy flavors yeilds 8 inebriation.
Today is the day Jesus was born and rides in a sleigh around the world to deliver presents to sinners, yes?
I was always confused with Xmas
yes!
Thank you.
can I have the Louis picture too?
Starting Oct.
16 you can also see California craft at Mingei's new exhibition SAN DIEGO'S CRAFT REVOLUTION.
I like David Archuleta's version better
yyaayy!!
Just one will do!!
Lol hope things are good girl..we're about 22 soon!!
Ayy May bdays
Via : Do More Jobs Mean More Government Spending?
U mean those poor people R missin th JobSpeach?
:
Where you staying at now?
What's up Valentine !
Thanks for the RT...
always appreciated.
Enjoy your week.
;D
Half day of school tomorrow..
Looks like Candy Land.
You never out grow that game :
thanks D for the Hookup!
Crazy to see u rock out after almost 20 years.
S/O to , she bad  A Stranger..
everyone Follow her
I love the smell of gasoline 
Did you look at dotProject?
Just went to the Grand Ole Opry  what an amazing night!
I don't follow country, but they were awesome  the production was unbelievable!
c2css12 doctor Hoss predicts that the feds will mandate online student verification via cameras.
Will be an INTERESTING panel this afternoon
'Think in the morning, act in the noon, read in the evening, and sleep at night.'  Poet William Blake
People that get super defensive for no reason..gtfo.
congrats dear!!!
We are At 34 days today!!
12/17/11 Who's counting?
Let me know if you need any tips!!:
no cupcake last night, more like very early this morning.
I hate who I was two years ago.
I hurt people who are actually better than the ones I was trying to impress.
I can't take this one back.
Law N' Order, on right now  it's all about the failure of the soda tax to pass last spring.
Tune in now!
Three Krispy Kreme donuts before bedbetter than taking your vitamins
jeepers creepers where'd you get those peepers
haha for sure!
SHOUT!
A LITTLE BIT LOUDER NOW!
SHOUT!
The fantasy football season is almost at an end and that means I get to hibernate for two months.
Sorry, ESPN, I love you, but me sleepy.
The CONSOL Energy Center Scoreboard weighs 35 tons.
And....
I'm stranded in motor city
it be like that ALL the time!!lol
We thought you and played great!
RT : They probably saw my performance at the media game.
you have a funny picture of who?
yes!
We were trying to figure out if it was our tv!
Since i cant go to aquatica tomorrow i should be allowed to go to Disney : who wants in?
Lol
i got workouts today 
Pinterest is the squirrel of all social media sites.
Thanks
Being crazy is the only thing that gets me though the day3.
Night : RT goodnight :
I'm going to miss this show...
I honestly can't wait for revenge tonight!
It has become my favorite show and I can't wait for the season finale!
Where do students learn information literacy?
This week as been interesting if anything
really need to start writing that that english paper....hm
I knew it hehe.
And what did he say??
:D
Wow Huskies.
Just embarassing.
Hearing on a bit of a rant about cyberpunk as influencial on fiction and technology.
Premise: Get a life.
JULIO THE OCTOPUS JUST GOT DISSED!!!
Come celebrate bday tonight at Le Bain.
She's my favoritie person in the entire world.
Sorry guys!
yeah I just haven't been on it in like forever!
Done with broken people.
ha you know how we roll.
sometime the people you love are crazy.
Cartiea has no self respect.
Goodnight Twitter!
Lets Join Forces We've Got Our   
Why do I feel like it's FRIDAY??
reorganizingbrain4ThursdayWhy not reorganize the calendar instead?
Omfg I'm in so much pain
Stat of the night: Doug Collins hasn't won a playoff series since 1989.
Really?
Print technology today IS digital  Katherine Hayles unbound best line of whole symposium.
Thanks for your tech savvy tweets.
Can't wait for your book!
Donor ownership more relevant than loyalty
I have a size 15 but that's going to my friends athlete friend
thanks!
I really hope so!
Find out what the lady has done in Woman on The Run, opening Thursday, 7 pm.
Artist talk followed by food and cash bar.
Is Tuberville trying to let OU back in this game?
yes, are you going to the games?
Good morning  thank you!
RTsuperstars 
Chiefs sign exJets DE Pitoitua
haha , its still good.
Thank you!
They definitely helped thanks: Well..its not the sort of thing that gets better, but keep her in your prayers that
Not yet.But I am looking for people to help me get my career started.Also,I do have a friend who is making a beat for me.
SUBWAY for late lunch ...
again....
dee/dee where are you
Look it up!
It's a small turtle that lives American rivers, streams, and ponds.
Get your mind out the gutter!
;
plsss follow me :D I love your singing and I love you 3
Not feel proud of myself right now, so I'm going to compensate by doing a hard core workout in 5,4,3,2,1...later.
Feltdown is trending on twitter in PDX tnite.
It was crazy to see so many facepalmings in unison.
My mom hid the heavy pain killers from me so I could try to go to school tomorrow.
Yay..
Funny enough, she's a Rays fan, but not a die hard.
I will have her in pinstripes soon enough!
Well.
That was dismal.
Sittin in boring history one more class period to go the I go home :
Thanks for the follow.
What sort of riding do you do.
I'm here in the center of the horse univerce and used to show a lot.
u know it
GOP lemmings.
First the crackpot, then the dolt, then the molester, now the egomaniacal philanderer.
Don't they have to take the mormon!
I keep complaining , lol I have a right ...
stuck here on mothers day .
ck out They, Who Sound Houston's weekly series for experimental sound/ improvised music/ free jazz/...
Just the comment I made about kissing Jeanne Coopers feet.
XXOO
I LOVE YOU IS 8 WORDS, WELL SO IS BULLSHIT SEAUX
Guy in the apple store buying a 2000 imac with an iamthe99 button on his hat.
And you wonder why no one took you seriously....
thanks.
Happy fatherhood.
:
2500 miles away from home but we are thrilled to be coming!
Richie Farmer stole millions from taxpayers.
Asked to comment, Barack Obama said: I don't know him, but I like him already
he is very much a goof.
Personally I think we should give abed its own night once ea month to feature local Alberta CN Ed
okay.
We should do the mall one day maybe?
Noah and me and you and brend or Rj!
Need to get it together
Florida39;s Top 3 Swimming Holes of Summer 2012
that made no sense whatsoever
We're always at your service and are happy to answer any questions you may have.
Good luck!
working on set designs and presentation graphics for
So excited for Mad Men!!!
I cant wait!!!
time will tell we will see
will do CONGRATS!
You never fail until you stop trying.
I just made some chocolate vanilla swirl cookies, maybe you could use those..
Wow I lost 2 likes :
I CAN'T BREATHE!!!!
My dude is still to real for y'all boys
A city mourns.
RT : Also, we are not being cancelled.
You've gotta love the shopping experience at What a great concept!
so proud of you!
!
I miss you so much but I love that I get to see how good you're doing via fb/ twit/insty 3 keep it up xox
Let your soul gravitate to the love.
TONIGHT  the Underdawgs at at 11p and you might with a free signed Shamarr JazzFest poster!
So before you all start trading away the Blackhawks allstars, take a deep breath and blame the team as a whole.
Confession: I have never used Outlook.
Setting it up today for hubby.
EEk.
Shootingstar is beyond perfection 3 I can't wait for summer!!!
no additional session to replace Hillary
this morning's press conference about our new website went great!
check out www.getbettermaine.org!
is that a new movement you're trying to start?
:
Andea: I think everyone had a good weekend?
: Me: hell yeah!
Heather: FUCK YOU GUYS!!!
Thank you for your support!!
visiting or moving?
!!
SATURDAYS ARE OF DA CHAIN AT CLUB MATRIX...2 doctorNKS...FREE PARKING..LADIES FREE BEFORE 11..
WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Fair enough, lol!
To be honest, 3rd was what everyone was fighting for at the start of the season :
i played it!!!
way better than nascar.
What happened that got us to where we are now?
Workaholics makes me feel normal.
Correction: Baltimore.
Camden Yards is a sad scene tonight...
: sup Biv!!
What I do???Yeah Ha u Knw whn Im Mad Baby Lol Come on S.Carter The Follow Baby wht Happen on the
Correction: in NC, you can still marry your gay cousin, as long as you're not of the same sex.
Closeted misery is still constitutional.
Myspace whata waste of time that was.
We would LOVE to see pictures of your AMAYAS hard at work today!
I so tried, but she was very nervous, and I didn't want to upset her further.
ALL Mothers are the predominant doctorving force in Males lives, be it good or bad
Er this is what happens when you spoil me
Move back to Alaska beeeiiiitch!
I miss you boy!
After you finish this tour you best be touring again in the fall ;
oven tanning bed.
fullbody paintspray tan
My Electric Blue Dempsey pair is finaly laying eggs....
Finally back to sunshine in SD!
im gonna marry the night 
College: Muhammad impresses as West wins McDonald's Shabazz Muhammad scored 21 points, Rasheed Sulaimon added 18 and the West beat the E
: great to see in Philly!
Philly's  founder and CEO, looking forward to catching a ride soon!
Waiting at JFK airport for the Трансаэро counter to open.
Meanwhile, the Air Jamaica line is every stereotype about that place.
Ever.
Thanks for the RTs!
Comments have been fascinating.
Good luck on Say hi to my fiance If cupcakes are in the building he'll be nearby!
:
Today's my birthday
The only 3 things a guy should change about his girl: 1 Her last name.
2 Her addoctorss and 3 Her viewpoint on men.
jealous.
Have fun!
Yes.
It's so frustrating when I talk to people about CustExp and they assume CustServ
I told him he's more attractive when he holds me down..
Heading to the mall!
Bday outfit shopping Throwit in the Bag status
Think I officially turned into a country girl
excuse me?!
Now that the dust has settled, we are thinking about the next event...
listening to JustinBIeber to get into the spirit of Valentine's DAy cuz i luv him
Best way to squash something with me is approach me with a conversation Maybe I'm at fault in a situation but I can't change if I don't know
haha have to get beggin for people to follow us
Thanks so much!
come on over to the TOP house, girl.
We've got plenty!
Soo lunch is always intersting with my lunch crew lol
It actually looks pretty funny.
When cats leap onto your bed, it's because they adore your bed
God has a way of getting our attention.
Brain washed from rock and rap...
My life would be so much better if I didn't procrastinate all the time.
I want to sleep.
Not do math homework.
I ain't thinkin bout you
You bet.
We'll use a backdoctorp of 10th Ave.
Marine Terminal.
Having a conversation online with someone who is impersonating me..
I haven't told them they've been busted yet.
the latter, it's static, but updates based on timezone
Lol how am I gonna make it through the concert.
I say that last part to people on the streets
: Thanks for spreading the word about !
I respect women so much, that I completely stay away from them!
probably not quite what you're looking for, but Davis McCombs poetry collection Dismal Rock deals with tobacco farming, etc.
it should be his it's not verified yet though
: Check it: Digital objects in the real world catalysts for real conversation?: wp.me/s1AO1zrepudo
Watching El Cantante Hector Levoe is that thing
Oh!
have you seen Cooking For Geeks?
It is published by O'Reilly and is awesome!
Hello Nashville; bye Australia!
That's so awesome
Looking you in your eyes, I know you see it too.
Can't just put you in a bad mood or what.
So now I have to find all my notes again to resubmit it.
We also do Insurance Claims!
Storm, hail, wind damage CALL US 708371ROOF
Thanks Christine for the LIKE!
check out my new viral video on youtube.
Weiner in the House
haha good call!!!
Well the company Chevrolet made a car called the  super sport, the blank is the band name
I just wanna go home  sleep nothing more nothing less
NowPlaying  David Vendetta  Phoenix  Fences
Wd participate but thinking of  others truly familiar  expert.
It strikes me that culture warrior also means an aggressive style that has given up on persuasion.
MLA doesn't fit that def.
Throwback  OLD lol!
Ive only been out ONE time without my daughter but other than that she goes everywhere with me.
my parents are not the best when grounding they always feel bad the longest was 30 minutes!
lol
How can I get some music to you?
Would love your feedback
let me get that BTS footage
RT : Great leaders know that the fastest way to build their business is to build their people.
aww absolutely!
thank YOU!!!!
Boo On You!
; I might go back to accepting you as a Cowboy at some yonder date.
I don't know.
I just don't want it.
Its always good to see a brutha walk free no matter who you be
LA is beautiful!
Some big projects in the works more meetings again all day...
I want to see simple vivid color next spring.
While, it is really nice to have sweater and jacket on.
Chill
...not so much in the end.
Just saying.
On jobs in certain parts of cities,by people that don't like white people I am sure you what I am saying.Some people hate white
GREAT question  I love this question!
I don't think teaching has changed so much and the academy doesn't get this
Multitudes who sleep in the dust of the earth will awake: some to everlasting life, others to shame and everlasting contempt.
Daniel 12:2
Loses the Catholics and keeps all the under30 votes.
Which one wins elections?
Yet to see.
good cause im happy with you too :
Gym time..
Need to get faster!!
TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear Credit Report
Miller's Crossing is a more dense, emotionally complex film than I had remembered it to be.
I can't sleep.
I'm too happy that I started my friday by seeing perform live.
Never thought I would be in tears, lol LastKings ;
This chick bad looking like a bag of money...
That's enough of blowing up twitter for one night.
I'm annoying myself  goodnight!
Thanks we will check out your site!
word where its at tonight
Ah yes.
Hippie ties.
That makes more sense.
Though you should be a 9ers fan, no?
you are an inspiration to many keep it going.
My kids love your music
NCIS is on!
Woo!
I love u
no I don't.
You haven't heard how much I yelled at and cursed out the contractor!
Lolz.
I think a little patience is in order on the impact thing.
1st class looks pretty weak, but since it's taken big step up.
it is what it is,,
Talking out of both sides of your mouth more than doubles the time required to accomplish your goal.
More concerned about toning  nourishing?
Try our Green Apple  Ginseng organic facial.
Traveling for a week and half straight eating 3 course meals and not exercising.
I feel like a marshmellow.
NFLX Netflix is getting slaughtered after hours.
Ouch!
Glad we dont trade that stock.
Mmhmm..
RT Questions surrounding the ROI of social media makes me wonder if people understand what a captainve audience is.
Great service today!
Preached to the kids : I was so nervous but I know God spoke to them, thank you Jesus!!!
3
Cinco De Mayo weekend has officially kicked off in downtown Portland!
Live report 6p
A little bird just asked me to remind you that you get 3 beers bar ALL NIGHT LONG with your ticket stub to The Monster Show.
9:30pm
yea your really not that funny your actually boring as fuuuudggge!!!
Oh goshh I'm kidding LOL!
your funny gurl!
Easy to sell out in the academy, piece meal or all at once.
Being true to self  community is a battle but worth it.
LOL!
I forgot we actually started it haha
when Emily gets married her husband wont go on one knee, he'll just lay down.
Things wear a very gloomy aspect now
Gotta get my truck worked on at 11 tonight smh 
A gorgeous day like today deserves a Caipirinha.
Made with fresh lime quarters, leblon cachaca and simple syrup it goes down smooth.
Here's to the Mahomies Who can't wait to hear Austin's new music .
Ally
Number of pounds the Marilyn sculpture weighs?
40,000.
man u aint NEVER lied!!
I...am Sarah Phillips.
Sorry, just thought I'd get the Spartacus meme rolling while I thought of it.
Mad is an understatement right now
yea I'm sorry :
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
Charles Darwin quotes elearning,...
How do u like your chupacabra?
Well known or unknown?
I am smoking on exotic , my girl aint got no stomach .
ACRL is looking for a liaison to the American Political Science Association  comes with funding DM me for details
I've discovered ground turkey recently too as an alternative to ground beef.
Not bad at all...
Anyone ski anywhere on the East Coast over the Holidays with good conditions?
lol I'm gonna go to sleep byee
thebestpartofmydaywas calling in sick
We can learn many things from those living in extreme poverty.
Patience, Humility, Kindness, and Respect.
Things that money can't buy.
It's all about being happy
Naim is not single smh , why he tryna play !
As of mid2010, there were more than 80,000 skips every quarter.
When a meter is skipped, DPW uses a historical estimate for the bill
Take Music and listen to doctorgs
Because you RTd it lol  I get the feeling he wouldnt RANDOMLY notice my depressing tweets  try to cheer me up
Happy Memorial Day!
Thanks to all who serve and have served our country!
DeLynn Todaro
Lots of activity at the Museum today as we prepare to take flight with our new exhibit on WWII aviation.
Great networking tonight!
so nice to spend some time with you and hope to have more conversations just like this here or real or else where
Thank god for all my success....
I love when I see people post pics with Mac Miller.
Hes always been so cool.
Thankful I got to kick it with him when I was younger.
Why must I get hungry at this time?!?
thanks!
Seems to be the consensus so far.
What to do this weekend
Workout done.
Time to start this gorgeous Friday.
Good morning my Tweethearts.
: 
FINISH HIM
I dont know which one more funny crack heads in downtown Atlanta or downtown Cincinnati I just seen some funny shit
Wishing all of the moms and momstobe a very happy and safe Mother's Day
Attending the session: Innovations, Trends and Partnerships Using Online Tools
looking spiffy
This is it, a new me for you
The Book of Mormon was hilarious.
Lived up to the hype.
All that standing was worth it.
Totally worn out.
boutta do my hair
I got up at 5 to get my bus whos doctorver then didn't show up so I had to go back to mi casa and now I'm doctorving no complaining
It's not too late to have your hail damaged vehicle repaired at www.kingoftheding.com deductible assistance available!
odd you should say that  i literally just listened to it.
MY aaa2010 highlight DBoyer and and CKelty and BPovenelli's panel, WMazzarella et al's panel, University of Tokyo folks
One reform that would be significant, is if a prosecutor knowingly holds back evidence to win a case they can be prosecuted.
where you off to now?
Happy Sunday everyone!!!!
Where is coffee 2.0 at?
Let's do this
Hope that everybody had a nice, safe weekend!
I am awaiting an order of solar panels with childlike excitement.
Every big brown truck could be the one.
FYI  Article said Obama got more than any Rep, not all of them combined.
Still, good news.
: Ted doctorwes.
So do you like concrete or custard more?
PS: we're MKE in STL too.
:
Satan Has Left The Earth Finding the truth
so while your waiting around some store till 12 midnight...LMAO me and my people will be at home waiting for u noobs to sign in
If you own a business you must subscribe to Verne Harnish's newsletter.
It is short and targeted to you....
That's one of weirdest videos i've seen in a while.
Thanks.
RT You are Not Stuck Where you Are  Unless you Decide to Be.
Wayne Dyer quote
We WILL win if we mobilize..
Bishops not happy either, turns out.
Congress/GOP still on the attack.
i'll take one
Higher then a motherfuuckaa
/ The Phillies gave us the AmandaBynes treatment last night, HitRuns all over the place, it was so bad I almost called
Ugh I like the color of my hair but it's too short now :/
Hey Arnold!!!
A ?
for musicallyinclined and  when's the all NBC host/reporter trio releasing first album?
Many Houston area apartments have reduced trhere rates by 30
no money my dude
TIP FOR THE DAY: pennies are very technical learn your chart indicators always have a buy and sell plan before entering any stock...
Guess what I'm with
Good luck and have fun!
RT : Last day of Futsal camp, next will be universal studios and Disneyland !!!!!
My pleasure  you do so much!
How?!
: 
Mine too!
It's so tasty, and good for you too RT : my fave food is cock :'
Let's go Rangers!
proudly supporting teamfruitypebbles.
:
Our attendees rock!
Thanks for coming!
others!
Be The 8Ball: STAYS ON THE TABLE!
Thanks to friends and family who tell you the truth, push you toward greatness and force you to honor your worth.
and if Christgau is the dean, why is he so respected if his students are, by and large, such fuckups?
2/2
k...have fun
.
Calvin argued for a weekly Sunday Lords Supper.
Sacraments provide mystery  challenge Protestants' rationalistic lethargy.
having fun at NAEYC ?
Maria told me she spot you!
yes you can baby
Taxes done last night!
4 months of anxiety, 2days of Hell for prep, 2 agonizing hours with tax ladymy brain is mush.
:
Guess who's getting furniture today?
:
So, Guess Who's Moving Back to London In the Summer?
:
its about a job!
And me and benny are bffs!
so MAYBE i'll start using Google more now with the integration of Google reader....
maybe.
RT If I treated you the way you treat me, I promise you wouldn't stick around the way I do .
CorpGov General Counsel update: CTS names John Dudek Vice President, General Counsel and Assistant Secretary....
Always love to hear it  welcome aboard!
RT Hah!
's PerfectDisk seems to work.
My PC's so much faster now.
3
Us black folks can be are worst enemy..
Smh.
Happy New Year friends!
The Hawks will be advancing to the next round of playoff action against either and
RT I love dipping stuff in nutella almost as much as I love dipping stuff in ranch
....hm i feel like it could still be someone they know because i mean come on a fan could not have taken some of those...
not gonna lie harry styles would make a good mick jagger
iabaudio easier to measure success online than off says groupM
A huge shout out to and carew co....Thanks for all of your help.
Never felt anything like that.
ever.
James Harden aka De La Soul's Posdnous  OKC ready to square off against The Black Mamba 
I swim but i wish i never learned.
The waters too polluted with germs.
that's awesome!
Would love to hear about the kinds of questions asked.
Some times I wish I could be someplace better ...
Other times I wish someplace better could be here!
off to Bowling for Rhinos!!!
please come out if you can!
PinChasers on Armenia!
you don't have to bowl!
just come hang with the keepers!
The Welcome to The FList Special went great!
My body just isn't prepared for this much pollen this early!
Just about time for a benedoctorlcoma.
can you say sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep's sick w/o messing up ?
RTing at 25K feet.
Pumped for a celebratory weekend with you and in MIA.
Listening to electronic music to prep!
thanx so much for the support ur the bestest!!
On paper, the crew's lineup toptobottom is much more imposing than last year's
Thank you!
: That you did.
Nice picks.
I could be your Buzz Lightyear fly across the globe
I pray your baby gets better soon doll :
I make so many spelling errors like I capitilize random words omg
could i get a follow for my birthday3
Aw Yeah!
Time for the saloon.
Hope we see some crazy shots.
Thanks for adding me to your list!
Thanks for following back Maureen :
Thank You for following us at ActingInLA!
radius in financial district
Nobody's watching that spurs jazz game.
BORING !!
ugly RT : Once upon a time There was Canadian named Justin doctorw Mallette Bieber He was so sexy that everyone died The End
its called money
It's a HappyHour kinda day.
I am NOT a Cottonheaded Ninnymuggins....
you da bomb!
The weathers lookin nice in the days ahead..finally 
Always comes back and bites me in the ass
I sometimes think they want to cover their cars in yellow tape.
I've started to shout at people standing on the freeway having a convo
Do I get a pass seeing as I'm 6000 miles away and it will be 4 in the morning?!
:
Ever since was acquired by I've been noticing how many features were stripped away.
she is
Whoadey Monday RT : It's like a gd juvenile video in here.
Yep!
XD guard wgi dayton The UD Arena is dark and quiet....
but not for long!
Love the part 's new book where he recants being touched by a Creed song even though he knows they're a shitty, shitty band.
my throat isnt feeling good.....
Few things sweeter than a blue box left on the porch.
Thank you Peggy and 's impeccable delivery skills!
Do you wonder  is it love, or just lust?
thank you for the RT!!
When shit goes down and sides are taken, you find out who was real and who was fakin.
Check out Art Petrus of Sydney!
They are a member org of the doctoridian Arts, and a provider of mobile Cruse scanning Service.
i was just attacked by a frog
Musical mafia
I just became interested in Irish archaeology.
I haven't visited yet.
So, all areas are up for investigation.

RumorHasItThat she ain't got your love anymore I love this song:
Texas Frightmare Weekend!
here we come!
watch out ;
What a great story!
Thanks for sharing
I know several of the team members that doctorfted it.
It was a labor of love, and very useful too!
Free comic book day!
Trying hard to stop watching The Bachelor....with little success.
Today's Get Energized tip: Unplug all electronics when theyre not in use.
Have not had food all day...
OMG!!
You are so luckyy:
u r gonna have a blessed evening!
enjoy!
Welp, his career is over.
Libya's former finance/oil minister Ali Tarhouni in DC today: I'm happy to come from a land that is liberated.
she said she doesn't want to wait  she doesn't want to use a condom she wants to have your babies
Stop taking NSAID's and have your problem checked by a qualified professorssional to solve the issue, rather than mask the pain and symptoms.
Follow me on Instagram...
Ms.
Bankhead
Can i take a Pikachu in the shower?
:p
I like to listen to REAL music.
Its brings motivation,to my hustler mantality.
Happy hour has begun!
Where are you?
We're here ready to serve you half priced apps!
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
Yeah you rite!
RT: : Who else doctorve 6 hours to see your beautiful talented self !!!
Our entrepreneur group had a great speaker,Max,his father's bakery in Me.
called If Pigs could Fly makes the best breads.Av in whole fds
We have meet all the criteria to become a Cisco Select Certified Partner!
All things are possible!
Thanks for the follow and hope to see you around The ATL.
u hurd me woman
I still am so terrible at Mario 1.
All these years and I still can't get past world 44.
I hate that dumb doctorgon guy
Washington Redskins 6 Carolina Panthers 9 Halftime redskins panthers nfl
I agree
I think it's a little silly complaining that there were no back Avengers.
The original Avengers had no black members either.
Have a desire to serve but not sure how, what or when?
Discover what you need in my NEW online slave training.
Trance therapy included!
xo
Tonight will be Epic.
Don't miss it
OMG YOURS.3
Betty says she's addicted to writing and then gives the cutest giggle.
I just texted you
Hahah yeah OMG why Does have to be Such a GOREOUS Son Gosh :D :ILYShawty3
Awake at 6 am  really?!?
Why?
Not liking werkin' it today.
Need me some music to strut to.
Documenting Sat Member Play 1: Butler 8.5
uievs likens the ux professorssional championing for contextual research to Joseph Campbell's Heroe's Journey
are you guys playing in Milwaukee on Thursday?
well I dont care either dude
you should join him.
next time I see one on the side of the road, I'm bringing it to your surgeon for a fixer upper.
Thank you to the fantastic staff of Senator for meeting with us about the impact of !
:
Did he say MARION Chalmers???
This is like the 3rd time I've heard him say his name like that.
Is life not a hundoctord times too short for us to stifle ourselves?
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
or just people in general haha
So happy right now!
Thinking I did well on the AP gov exam, and now I just finished night school : super yay!
oh bye
Although, the winner may be Sylvia Plath's Cookbook.
we hope you enjoy the Q and A from our co producer
This class is a trip!!!!!!
Lol
Going to see at Hemingways tonight!!
Love me a little Gerry Porter..
Ana Tijoux take me away...
ComedyChicago  It comes quick and strong very strong
I lost something important, and IT IS doctorVING CRRAZZZY!!!
Go fuck yourself
Wig chopped weekend is here!!!
the dude at the fornt door did not ask for id lol i was too happy !
i went with my cousin and his friends
that is dedication!
Wanna see how its done watch me do me LOL
Commitment should always be in every relationship

those were the days.
So do we have a final decision??
Bri???
love this girl.
U have tweeted her before.
Can't forget her.
Next to u she is my favorite!!!
use handouts with almost all the notes except a word, on smart board, highlight the missing word.
fuck you and your shitty website!
Fools for selling to ebay for 300M
are you on the plane some?
I'm going to bed cause I gotta babysitt tomorrow so g'night :!
Love does not care to define and is never in a hurry to do so.
Commission giving instruction to line doctorwers.
thank you!!
it's november 10th :
Marceline White, : every time a house goes into foreclosure, value of surrounding properties declines by 1.
Yikes.
I didn't ask you.....Fucker...
I'm not sure I'm prepared for such brilliance...
I need to go meditate.
pumped to get orders out this morning!!
Yes last night.
We made a deal too!
No cheating.
LOL.
Like I said, you're mistaking.
Kekee
na I'ma find some polos
I Miss You Too Hun How Have you Been??
i booed this nigga just because he had a flip phone nigga it's 2012 .
Bye
Memo to the CBS TV truck...
NEVER cut away from the player dancing in the middle of a circle!
Big day for CORE: New and our lobby  bar renovation at both open!
Just in time for Convention!
Set up by Curry's three that should have been a travel!
New leo, tights, spandex  ballet slippers :
No being irritated!
D:
it not a matter of reference, but two services trying to listen on same port
later tonight!
i think 9 or 10!
: 
NEEAR project: interesting learning tool, combining situated learning  augmented reality  expert knowledge, in a mobile device.
do you know if Booker T is on twitter ?
Hate when I'm SO tired and the restless legs kick in
Chevelle, we need to practice grinding for your birthday 
Yes..
I will finally meet you
Just explained to new prospective home buyer how I guarantee my mortgage services with 1,500.
My consumer protection plan!
They LOVE it!
That's right!
You know why?
Quality  Graphics.
Period.
The end.
And 'cause zombies and legos are cooler than most anything else.
Buffalo Bills Football Till I Die, through the good and bad go bills
just made me the sweetest good morning video ever!
What would I do without his awesomeness??
Noir paintball would be the ultimate doctoram, but I'll take Pierce and the paintball Tommy gun.
stop talkin pictures of me while I'm sleeping!!!!!
saving that bread on insurance lmao
Thank you China for all of the adventures.
Headed home today and already can't wait to come back.
are u guys up yet?
I need a ride back to phx!
Jason and b rob
it's like a relief valve for creative people, so we don't have giant floor to ceiling inspiration cork boards.
: I hope doctorke doctorps a toaster in his Bubble bath Righteous.
of course it is
grow tf up.
But congratulations to the UK softball team for upsetting LSU tonight in extra innings.
which seems useful, as that is often the case  perhaps inevitably so given the skepticism embedded in American politics
Waiting for judges decision at osaa Oregon State Choir 3A Championship
Our first Brady Street foodtour of 2012 is off and running  join us next Saturday if you missed today's tour!
Weird...
again.
dude, you're cracking us up!
Babbitt is buying everyone Mcmuffins tonight
The clicking on my Trackpad is definitely crapping out, wonder how much it's to replace that.
RT : RT : 140cuse is trending nationwide...my school your school
thanks for the RT.
We have some heavy hitters coming.
Hope you can join us
So do you want to go Fri or Sat?
M'Baby don't likes stripmall sushi !
I love when I walk into a store and the clerk trys to speak spanish to me.
Of course I go along with it Then I say thanks you jerk and leave
SAT word in a tweet?
I'm impressed ma'am.
At the vet's yesterday 2 peace loving English bulldogs tried to rumble with my German shepherd Lily!
I was having 12 of a moment.
Just realized its 6 30 am!
Ive been playing Black Ops all night!!
That's one of the most ignorant things I've read in awhile,
Thanks for the RT!
saturday gotta go to my boos baseball game and then the movies XD i love him and i know hes gonna do great
oh okay
Stay warm with us today....ALL facials and waxing services are 20 off today!
Mention this post when reserving your appointment!
I've been reading the WoT books since I was in high school  your additions have been phenomenal!
I can't put them down.
If I were the commissioner of Major League Baseball, I'd make sure there was a nationally televised afternoon game every day.
Ever increasing amounts of data with shorter shelf life.
Meaningful insights more important than visualization?
Try checking out Tottenham circa '10'11  one groin injury after another
What are your favorite online men retailers?
Ploughman's Special  housemade root beer  The People's Pint  ACE.
RT : Well Said If you have time to execute a marketing plan, do it properly.
Research is important to the quality of execution.
can we make a bet?
the bet is tht i could beat u in arm wrestling if i win or lose u have to kiss me?
sound like a plan...;
ERRA pandora station :o
Duke gets another top recruit  vomit
davey jones the first rock record i ever bought was 'more of the monkees'.
: makes me feel OLD.
Good.
O is just digging a hole.
Ohh read our special swine fever report and we promise not to sell you anything
RT : You have brains in your head.
You have feet in your shoes.
You can steer yourself any direction you choose.
doctor Seuss
do you have a saved game for xbox
I should've let Lucky bite you when we walked around the block the first time.
Okeee i watch the Video  It was Dope !
Its was realy Good , So Proudd : 0 Munchie
dude that's the worst!
You know you've made it when your able to bring your own monitoring guy out!
so is lying?
's ability to watch the menu of a DVD for hours on end floors me.
Especially when it's insane circus music.
Add my Facebook page: www.Facebook.com/ModelNikki
uh so do you want to meet up at your house first?
We're offering FREE registration to this weekend at the !
Sign Up!
Thank you mom for calling me stupid, idiot, worthless, for slapping me across my face, for hitting me.
Yup good mother.
A special thank you to all our veterans today
I don't hate her for it, but it kind of makes me upset that she didn't tell me that she was going to the movies.
I can understand why she
and now its a Bindelglass thing
Bout to read my bible GN babes
It's time to quit
FACE OFF on SyFy is SUCH a great guilty pleasure!
And can we talk some Matt Valentine?
Okkaaayy!?
lol maybe you should stay inside
And enjoy all that cheesecake...I could use some cheesecake right about now!
Sure!
What is it?
why??
don't be like that lil one, just trying to hv a lil fun w u, w ur sexy ass
Do you think that one day in the future reality shows will be like westerns and no longer be on TV?
What will they be replaced by?
Just want to say a huge THANK YOU to everyone!
work really hard on this Mixtape!
We really appreciate everyone support!
honor roll here i come 3 All A's  2 B's !
BAILEY DANCING TO THIS SEXUAL SONG IS TO MUCH FOR ME.
OMFG BRB
Step up your defense, Grizzlies!
It's grind time!
Just updated Twitter page.
why to u lie about following ppl
it's still on their menu.
Well, tonight sucks dick.
when in doubt about where to listen to good music...
AND
I had to google coco puffs so i didn't misspell it....
well education is really important, and Twitter isn't going anywhere but I know it can be such a huge distraction.
Can't see the house almost 20 feet away because the snow is coming down so hard!!!
Thanks Vince, preciate it, I always enjoy playing.
Which is closest to the station?
nice poll just voted : 
About to hear Judy Bloom speak so that I can finally understand all these changes my body is going through.
you're on belle isle without me?
In a different not so cool way.
Bristol couple's Christmas lights raise 3000 for charity  Bristol247 Bristol247 Bristol couple 's Christmas lights raise 3000 for ch
I know!
lol .
I'm barely turning 18 and you?:
hahaha true story.
love the mouse shoes!!
aww .
I always miss you!
I need to see this movie..
In between my busy baby playdates!
whenwillIlearn how to spell allways  always
what kinda work u do??
asik why didn't you make your free throws.
ugh...
it's over
Did you know FH serves FOOD  doctornks until 1:30am
Seeing starts
OMG i just checked your twitter and read your bio and started FANGIRLING WHEN I READ NIALL OMGSH OMGSH
And just realized that those last two tweets when read together might be a touch schizophrenic.
Youre VERY talented  extraordinarily beautiful, but your appreciation for fans puts you on Top of the World.
Thank you!
somee asians are cute ass fuuhhhhhhhc.
aha
not yet they said to come back in two days to see for sure, but wtf happened haha
Two people said I should go to Andy's nails.
I shall then!
Gotta make them look good on graduation!
Date night with my man 3 ;
At Madison's Barrymore Theater for 's one man show.
wow i feel the same way,
Maybe I shouldn't have checked the weather on the computer before I went out.
Currently 3 degrees.
WTF?
I officially untweet at brockwebb.
hesnotgoingbacktobourbon.
Neither is or
Via Krug1 in the NYT editorial today...
One party is clearly engaged in blackmail and the other is dickering over the size of the ransom.
Marry me.:
girl look at that booty...
I don't work out!!!
I want to thank all you assclowns who clogged every road in town this morning just so you could miss the shuttle flying by
Looking at the audience, it seems that lots of regulars brought their kids to tonight's debate.
: really?
i love her!
definitely.
Verbal constipation is a doctorg.
I'm starting to workout in the mornings more, I like to start my day that way
Good luck !
Can't wait to see the photos.
:
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
proudmahomie 3
It's championship weekend!

But I'm also a huge fan of the greats as well, and lots of horrible music, too.

It occurred to me that both times i have been around u  jeff, i was basketcasey, so we need 2 do the nonBC hang out :
Smart woman compliment assesses the man, and stupid  you
thanks!
Congrats on the new job, p.s!
R u serious hun?
RT : everyone calls each other hun on twitter.
:D
no problem:  okayy I'll tweet it to u either tomorrow or Thursday.
is that okayy??:

lmao a nigga just want some ribslmao I understand, he was just playing josh
Not something you'd usually expect to see.
Glad your having fun though :
Apple product wet?
We'll get you up and running, any device any model!
I'd look pretty funny with Botox in one eye!
Haha!
better late huh?
okay smart guy.
who will win the masters?
THINK LIKE mark zuckerberg LIKE AND ENTREPRENEUR!
MAKE THOSE MICRO TRANSACTIONS/PENNIES ADDUP!
Yep, it will still be there
Rangers are the only complete team left in the NHL.
Boy  Girl names: Dilinger  Diligence.
Wonder if they have a big brother called Dildo?
So sad to be home from Austin.
Love that city.
is moving to Miami yeee Can't wait to finally meet him when he does :
Thanks so much!
:
ok pal SYT

who cares dat kim has 1 grammy the key word is she has one!
No matter how many or who she share it wit..nicki don't shrugs
Ugh this is so sad
Every Kentucky fan!
RT : Let's start a Phil Jackson to the Knicks rumor.
Who's with me?!
Snuggle camp with Dad.
Totally warm.
A Girl who fat, but swear they THICK.
WELP, guess that's my Que to get off twitter 
Everyone knows what we say for Tuesday right?
Taco Tuesday!!!
So SitClickEat Get your Taco Tuesday On!
www.wausautogo.com
Don't have a fav.
Movie  cuz my parents got happy one night  yeah you get the picture, lmao.
:
Thanks to all our brothers and alumni who came to the Fall 2010 Banquet and made it a blast, especially those that traveled from NYC!
my heart just broke!!!
I miss you terribly!
that makes you sound slutty
this is my snack back off!
RT You are holding back on laughter W/ the news report just a second ago lolzzzzz.
HairDye SMH
Careful study of the beach pics.
That's the way to go.
All I ask is a chance to prove money can't make me happy.
: Writing about privilege and my first and only encounter with Bobby Seale.
Bobby Seale??!!
Hope you're blogging it
What goes well with new flights being offered to Hawaii?
Our summer package deal starting at just 159 for SPG members!
Rain across Houston area made a crosstown doctorve treacherous this a.m.
Now, down to business in a doctor office.
Nice!
like the high aspirations.
Yea, we cater more 2 USD students but we help out Mesa students when we can.
Yes my Co
NOVA Job Op: Telemarketing/Phone Sales Superstar Wanted 50k to 150  Call us if you are the best and can prove it.
18008719012 x463384
It is my fault.
I keep falling for it.
I'm nothing but nice to everyone and I just get shit on over and over.
so I missed b dubs, meeting Danielle and Sam again, and I can't wear alex's Pennie!...
Haven't seen it but I can imagine...
Free social network promo on my professorle.
Works great for follows.
Would you like to follow 4 follow?
:
The secret of happiness is to grow super duper chronic nuts!!!!
I'm all presentable  cute  out of the house before 12.
This is weird.
Congrats pretty lady!
yep, that one.
We used to walk to Gardners for lunch, we have a new destination.
i saw some of ur vids on youtube lol u r pretty good in singing i think u got a shot on winning the takent show
Feelings coming on.
U too Vida !
Kick ass in the gym own it 
Is it so much to ask for my best friend back...?:/ oh yeah...it is...:'/
funny how i am doing math homework right now.
lol OH god why...
i love kiansam13 its hella funny
What's it on?
hahaha no jail this time..
WE CAN DO THIS!!
that sounds like a hit!
MANLAWVIOLATION Asking For Water At The Club Trying To Pose It As Patron, Major.....
With GB Packers winning the NFC, I'm feeling homesick for WI  snow!
GO PACKERS!
Nutritionist say multiply your body weight by .37 to determine how many grams of protein your body needs each day.
I'm so hungry
hey skip, FR again.
I just wanted to say good luck this week on the show.
My bucks did great...
Against Akron.
Love ya man!
Present and Account For 1 Samuel 3:810; 19 You should have a sacred place set aside just for you and God alone.
I told the world that you are gonna need turn on axis cause it is my year.
AND IT DID
oh cool:  sorry i was doing someehitng
Like a tree.
Yes of course why not:
Like this status if you are enjoying your Sunday ;
I lick pussy like a thirsty dog doctornk water out its bowl
alright thanks:
LOOKING GOOD SO FAR!
:
Thank you Aaron for the great year!!!
I look forward to your offseason humor!
Yeah Baby Girl!
HTown Represent!
Filming tomorrow.
I always love their speakers.
Tomorrow will be an editor from
Open door seminar on Refworks at 12pm  4pm today in LTB 2152.
Come in, come all!
I'm a Barnard alum, and man oh MAN was that a big controversy on campus!
that's young Boogs?
Whiskey.
Yen's chinese food.
Hockey.
Adult time .
.
.
sigh Doo is with dad until Sunday and Doo is a Bull as of 1/4.
Weight off back.
Building a business is simply doing all of the right little things correctly that add up to big results...
was throwing spears by the Little Big Horn River.
get your Skittles ready for sunday it should be a good one
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength; loving someone deeply gives you courage
lmao, nah.
I'll tell you on Monday so I can see your reaction.
For Western Skiiers, better late than never.
Winter storm system to dump snow in Northwest  some in NorCal
Yes, but why reward me?
I'm So Far Gone Right Now
Yep!
So many great places to see before then!
hahahahaha she's snorting.
Thank you so much toshyboo, it really was that was my mindset, it'll hurt now, but it'll be with me forever
I hear you  Linotype is the Arrested Development movie of booknerdom
I used to think lots of things were important, but I'm much happier now.
DELL, I'M GONNA TWEET YOU RANDOM THINGS!:D is that ok?:
It's Super Bowl Sunday!
Bring on some football.
Patriots or Giants?
Which team is your pick?
thanks so much, Kristina!
It means the world to me that you enjoy my work!
People really need to stop trying to hurt other people for pure ammusment and grow the fuck up!
Likewise, I'd love to connect!
Thanks for the intro !
I love blind dog.
I wish he could chill out w/ ocean cat.
WouldYouRather: be rich and ugly OR dumb and good looking?
duh we are but are we hanging out?..
No
My mom is again in hosp.
Almost lost herbut she is slowly improving.It is a watch and wait situation.Hope u r well.
did you say sawce?
;
Amen!!
Thank you brother :
Shoot me if I ever wear elastic waist pants.
i hope it will be harder to do that at shoreline but probably not
Why is the president's success not seen as the country's success?
JennaMarblesTaughtMe how to make my boobs bigger!!
gonna call it an early night .
Eating orzo pasta salad for lunch, makes me think of !!
following you all.
Are you getting ready for summer?
I am off to Argentina!
Can't believe it.
How time has flown since securing my ticket.
Let's hope American Airlines doesn't fail me.
The day is finally here.
Habitat 4 Humanity 1st general body meeting will take place today  5pm.
Be there!!!!
I hope everyone is having a good day!
eyebrow plucking hurts like a bitch
Looks like you are feeding the neighborhood!
hahahaha were gonna have to share...
; 3
It's crazy, huh?
Time to have some fun, that's for sure!
Who want to sit in the middle of a female Bukkake...
Outside Lands it is then, I miss you.
So San Diego is essentially Aztlan and despite that, they rock Elvis in public spaces.
WTF ????
where is the lineup?
feel like it's gonna be any day now..
good morning twitter!
There are no barriers only solutions Neal Petersen
Fat Tuesday is an excuse for girls to show their breast.
What2ChainzWouldSay ya she swallowed me,every doctorp,thick legs darker than tha coffee shop,im 2 chainz,aint on diddy status only got 2 names
What did I learn during Spanish Class in High School?
Talking about it right now on ZenLive.tv
When you lead with authenticity, it shows your perceptions are based in reality.
for the last two weeks I got on OMC but no one has been there.
AND YES I COVERTED TIME!!!!
Happy Birthday Marshall!
Pain is weakness leaving the body.
really?
Tell me more.
cc
Hypertension doctorg Adherence Associated with Fewer Hospitalizations and Lower Medical Costs but Increased Total Care ...
Lmao damn everyone hates on Pine Bush.
reality is people will suffer not just a threat.
You may contact Support directly at if you would like.CS

Today in Literary History: Nobel Prize in Literature winner Rudyard Kipling was born in 1865.
Has everyone signed up for next Thursday's Young Milwaukee Holiday Gala?
ITS FOR THE KIDS!!!
Yeah, its Wednesday!
Don't forget half off all bottles of wine at Enoteca tonight

If I do not hear from you by 7:30, I am heading to 510 N Orlando Ave Winter Park FL 32789.
Meet me there by 11301145!
Get ready f ...
So tired..
what a day its been today..
good thing its Thursday!
There's only one rule that I know of, babies God damn it, you've got to be kind.
lol nigga I used to run you with the thunder!
Prez: Support the same kind of research and innovation that led to the computer chip and the Internet; to new American jobs
Thank you for the RT.
Yankees and Giants i'm all for New York :
Why would any Mets fan cheer for Jose Reyes tonight?
F that guy.
Yay for showering!
woo!
Haha : RT : I want to play guitar with
doctornking an Izze at Starbucks in SoHo...about to rock out this audition
SXSW, SXSW, SXSW.....
live music happening in the hilton lobby, starting at 9:00am.
great way to start the day
Shout out to the dude who treated the fullsized Snickers even during these tough economic times.
THIS MIGHT BE MORE FUN TO TWEET FROM SINCE I'M FUCKING IRRITATED AS ALL HOLY HELL
Wait.
The exhusband is going to play Marilyn?
Oh we will have fun!!
RT : Tip: Blow air into resealable plastic bags storing paper towelwrapped leafy greens.
Carbon dioxide slows down their...
Karaoke!
Come in and sing to singles.
Who knows you might just meet your Valentine.
Damn its nice out!
mistereping has sets of live comedy throughout the film,
Why did Shorty take a hoodie pic for her AVI?
I think that might be the last straw.
GoodNight my peoples!!!Swag out!!!
I swear if I hear my little neighbor say PHILIP I'm gonna punch a hole in the wall.
Then throw something out the window preferably myself.
its2hot4that All black everything
Q: How do you make sure you're being sensitive, while at the same time getting the answer you want
thank u im hoping its false labor its still too soon!
I Just Seen Justin Behind Mayweather :
Just followed
28Jake LongOTMiami Dolphins
Hopefully Rickie Weeks or Nyjer Morgan stay away from Jesse Ventura
Living under your spotlight...
It all started on January 15, 2007 when a boy from a small town in Canada opened his Youtube account.
S/O and Happy Charter Day to at Sam Houston State University!
The light of Alpha is shining brightly in you!
06!
When you eliminate all the ridiculous professort margins in home improvement, you suddenly enter the affordability zone.
I show you how.
What a twisted world we live in...
thanks you!
tell me more about yourself...
I just signed up for Intro to Sociology with Mitch Duneier via coursera Maybe I'll learn something about society.
well you make sure you let me know you in the Building
Marketing 3.0: A Powerful New Way Build Your Business  Land More Customers www.publicrelationsla.wordpress.com
so..
its been a little over a month since I've sized up my ears..
gotta fix that
Heartbreak is truly a strong barrier of antimotivation.
But the steps necessary to break down the wall will work out in the long run
: now I know ur stupid I was better at kickball when I was 8 than you are at age 37.
Or however old u are
anyone see my asb card???
But of course!
Cinco de Derby is tomorrow after all!
Demi Lovato: Stay Strong.
Justin Bieber: Never Say Never.
Selena Gomez: Be yourself.
Miley Cyrus: Radiate Love.
It's a beautiful and sunny day in LA...
Taking in the fresh air and sunshine.
on the phone w/ this foolie
My head is still swimming with all that Faffcon was and is.
It's great to be home, but I do miss my friends.
God has blessed me in numerous ways, but good test taking is one thing he decided not to bless me with..
What blessing took its place?
good night i love you so much.
you mean the world to me.
Amen to this statement!
Social networking sites that are about connecting  social sites where I have to block 99 of people.
If doesn't have mono it might be some other STD  AND I don't smell, jerk!
dang alright
thats wassup....how old are you???
iCarly, doctorke  Josh, Victorious, Zoey 101...
THE BEST SERIES EVER :D
Happy palindoctorme day!
It's 11/02/2011 front and back.
Happens once every 10,000 years.
Fixing mistakes in my calendar for mlanet12 Don't know what I did but now it is just easier to manually enter the fixes
i have over 20 friends.
loving the playlist so far!
Been up since 5.
Going to be a long day.
the intro to fearless always makes me cry
ahaha yeah but still it was scary.
I even tried closing my eyes but it made me feel worse.
aren't ready to be comitted
Thanks.
Definitely looking back to namehceap again, just hadn't researched in some time and thought I would get opinions
Finally done, feeling a rant coming on.
S2 is chock full of nerds tonight
Zynga is positioning themselves to be a key player in the US market when legalization hits, who blames her for playing nice?
LMFAO Why?
you're scared you'll lose?
:P
yes Even Boren out
sweet!
Im game!
How come nobody ever says everything happens for a reason after something good happens?
Working session with the client went well this morning.
Hard to get back to the grind this afternoon.
Thank you so much to and for my music shoutouts today!!
Means the world!
:
i just RSVP'd and i'm excited!
But I have faith in her!
Good morning!
Have you chosen your Halloween costume yet?
Brighten up your day with a luxurious tan, the best spray tan in the cityVersaSpa, or a relaxing massage!
All at 123 W.
Madison!
In Pakistan I did join graduate level studies in religion.
The program was modeled on western Comparative Religion curricula.
I now remember why I don't like AAC evals.
Baby let me blow your mind tooooooniiiight...
Does the 4Star widereceiver who changed his committment from Notre Dame to Houston realize that Case Keenum graduated?
THIS SHIT FINNA BE ON ANOTHER LEVEL........
Thanks for the RT!!
RT : by : Did u know Shakeology has a HOT PINK lil sister?
Who doesnt love a 140 cal
Planning on creating an event of afternoon/evening flag football for a few hours...
Details to follow!
Haha, our CD sent that out to the agency yesterday  too funny...
and true.
I absolutely LOVED the reading this afternoon Christmas in Hanoi was genius.
Thanks for the contest and thanks to the actors!!
's hobby is studying the illuminati..
i'm waiting for You're a bald ugly fuck with no sense of fashion, Charlie Brown to come out on blue ray
Love is when two imperfect people come together to form something perfect.
kill it, dudes.
Why are you staring at me?
I'm no fashion expert, but I'm going to go on record saying I have a hard time seeing lululemon as anything but a girly brand.
I'm so happy this is one of the last days I ever have to be on wvsu campus.
So, I just spun it how if you sound healthy and think you are healthy you are healthy.
It worked on him at least.
Awesome end to an awesome day.
10 on the books today.
Killed it!
The only one standing in your way is you!!
Went 02 on House Hunters International :
So jealous of
Um, yeah.
GoGreen Let's pull something out of our hat.
Does anybody have their Lit book for language arts with them right now ???
please ?
i need it to be tuesdaay thoo!
I WANT/NEED my iphone4 NOW!
green space in the library, chairs that rock for fidgety kids...
it was a successful weekend!
So many touching stories captainred.
Safe travels!
oomf is just so damn cute Lmaoo
Eagles D lookin suspect
Without a doubt, the support for MarriageEqaulity is winning today's debate
All tied up!
Did the Penguins play empty net all game?
Two grand slams...damn!
Simplify your life.
Focus on a welldefined mission and remove excess baggage.
Chris Plummer is rocking' that velour smoking jacket!
That vanity will catch up with you one day.
just heard, congrats!
looks like it will be fun
I How are you doing ?
I'm Samuel who are you ?
Nothing like spending the afternoon in the Gold Coast to remind you what a brokeass dirtbag you really are.
Sounds good.
My afternoon tomorrow is relatively free at this point  so most anytime after 11:30 should work for me.
Are you a frequent swirler at our Scottsdale location?
Come in and try our newest flavors  Hawaiian Pineapple, Thin Mint, and Coffee!
okay thank you!!
:
dbl play not turned kills tribe, Texas 2 good 2 give extra outs.
Little things win these type of games.
Runner less then 2 outs in 8th
Finally my day has ended, phew all this schooling better pay off!
Wow, has never been more wrong saying not to learn to code.
Coding leads to computational thinking, the real goal.
I know!
I am barely moving!!
HOWEVER, if your daughter is seriously considering Emory I would be more than happy to meet  talk w/ her abt the school  city.
Me and this nigga Steph just made the nastiest shit, period.
Like my face hurts from scrunchin it so hard
a certain AntiHero turns 32 in less then a month!
humble and
Just got back from Wisconsin : Its so much better there then here
thanks for your support dude!
Have a great show tonight!

it warms my heart that you and your husband like my book KNITS MEN WANT  thanks.
www.knitwmenwant.blogspot.com
it misses you!
come back!
pleease!
yall def.
wife beautiful smart sexy intelligent
Austin, I am in you.
But will be leaving tomorrow.
I smell gumbo in your future
says pantyhose for an interview.
Why?
What is it even?
The only way I'd wear it is over my head.
If I were robbing a bank.
Thank so much Antoinette!
yes great fun.
guess you'll be walking all the way back to inner sunset?!
Happy Friday y'all!
free historical novel to those abroad.Award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun www.Smashwords.com no money code DZ72J
Wats life without music i dont kno wat i would do on my spear time
The race is not for the swift but for those who can endure.can Mitt endure.I think not.who is this guy?
How in the FUCK did MW3 win best Audio bafta award over battlefield 3.
The sound quality in BF3 is amazing.
: Run your mouth  criticize EVERY team...
But you just hopped on OKC bandwagon yesterday...
Boy boo!
my timeline
Self love is the higher self telling the human self, look beyond that.
8:50 am  no parking at Toys R Us!!
yea june 8th
It's supposed to be 6am?
What the hell happened to the sun?
Nonsweetened tea is why I have trust issues...
eh it's only 7 pages
On my third cup..
The individuals who know that nothing is owed to them and nobody obligated to them are more likely to succeed!
RealTalk
I know.
All the stores here closed.
CC
Do it with me tomorrow : We can be stuck together ; x
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
26hours !!!!
: 14
Thanks for the feedback!
Enjoyed speaking this morning  sounds like a really interesting course and program you're in.
and I hope you enjoyed your time back in NY Jose.
Best part of a day home from workhomework day is Chi Tung's lunch special.
wait, what?
who??
RT : I went to school with one of the bachelor's announced for The Bachelorette.
Ugh do I have to watch now?
yeah but u love gettin paid so get to work fool lol
Have a wonderful day!
Hey Courts.
I saw that and added you too.
How r u?
You know I'm a fool for an amazing house.
Merry Christmas to you too!
Hugz
Tours for the spring semester start TODAY!
Tour guides r u ready?
Prospies r u ready?
Here's 4 a great semester 
Trying to get over this cold is making me sound worse.
Hope folks can hear me at the presentation tomorrow.
RT if you live in Atlanta
Everyone is beautiful3
Hi Brian.
FF Some of our team members
to Atl or Miami???
You ain't going anywhere tonight??
First really warm Friday night in DC and I hear sirens and bangs all around.
Penalty call on the Preds...Terry Crisp says of course it is...well said Crispy
I know, right!
Everyone said the same thing.
Hate to trash my guy Santorum, but he looked a bit weak confronting Paul
Ok twitter it has been awhile.....
BUT WHERE ARE MY  TITTYTUESDAY FREAKS LOL.......
Dancing around to moves like jagger:
Read the newspapers and look for ads by dept.
stores each trying to outdo the other with cheap prices, for cheap IMPORTED products.
Gonna cut aftter 4th today :D
Cohost Jim Armstrong calling in now from San Francisco, where he's covering RockiesGiants, Mile High Sports, AM 1510!
: I'm just in the bed as if I don't have somewhere to be.
I hate mornings.
get your azz up!
awww that's so sweet:3
Please no one tell me what's happening on we can't watch it!!
If you are a ZirMed customer with an idea, wed like to hear it,
I'm happy to help, if you can benefit from my exploits both good AND bad, then I'll gladly share
Wait but aren't you a man???
Oracle gives away updated Ops Center control freak
Still no power.
Going to sleep, hope everyone is OK
On the way home from the Sarasota mall!
I got an awesome new doctorss and a new sweat shirt at forever 21 
Just wake up and start doctoraming.
I didn't finish my homework.
But I have till 11:59.:/
Does anyone know any fantastic and reasonable photographers in NYC?
Need photos for website and press release.
Thanks
RT plz have on your show.
I dare you not to be moved to tears by both their humor  generousity.
nice and each had its own journey
GirlsWithPrettyFeet spend a lot of money.
It takes a lot to make your WHOLE body look good.
Business is really picking up!!
Keep it coming!
We want to give love times three and present great music for you to jam and relax and have fun to!!!
Our love is infinite!!
Lol!!
Yes I can do that!
And yay for both!!
: Let's hang son pleasee
I'll be a jets fan this year tebowing!
Hey, not my faulty y'all are on fire this morning.
You want me to start asking for snack food deliveries again?
when aren't u reported what is the name of the thing
well if I'd a seen this an hour ago...
No longer lend your strength to that which you wish to be free from.
Fill your lives w love  bravery  you shall live a life uncommon.
Doing more damage tonight...
Thank you for the RT, and for all of your work!
Yeppers, def supposed to be CBS.
They are right next to each other on the keyboard!
RAW WEDNESDAY'S RAW WEDNESDAY'S RAW WEDNESDAY'S RAW WEDNESDAY'S RAW WEDNESDAY'S  CLUB ELEGANCE
Are vegans always getting hungry from seeing bushes and grass and stuff everywhere?
Let us know if you ever need another jersey framed!
We're here in the Nati!
U R killing me No, I won't be in STL 4 the Cubs/Cards opener.
However, that will be historical  I'm assuming u will?
Now I can't get food off my mind.
haha Gotta find something.
lol
diving into Pottermore!!!!
Trendy has never described me, and I have no desire to change that.
CardCarryingContrarianTweets ;
aww give the bitch a chance!
:
don't think of you as a cheese player by any means
I miss Brothers  Sisters.
Sunday nights are not the same!
They talkin behind my girl back they musta seen her ass then.
You must still be in Austin b/c if there is a 30 degree difference btwn NY  BOS might have to doctorve 3hrs
Only in NY.
haha im over here for another month man;D
if u unfollow me i want get mad this is twitter lol.
I'm actually excited to go to brazil even though most Brazilians get on my last nerve.
I just want to be at the beach
Nothing so far.
At Titos Tacos :
thanks!
Happy new year to u too!
:
3.99 for a meal ain't too bad!
RT : LISTENING TO KEHA on the way back from the rockies game!!!
what car dance moves should I be doing?
greatdan ...
You're very welcome!
Great job!
Oh  pineapple in my lunch!
Yummy!
Thank you, honey!
My work is a place of sadness.
VINNNYYYYYYY PLEASE COME HOME!!!
Just got done with my day.
Prac workout now its time for a massage then bed
The giggling in Biology class when the teacher said 'Sperm Whale'..
man i love making beats
Frequent naps  good herb..
I'm anxious to be back at the stadium tomorrow!!
Untill then I keep calm  carry on with what I have planned
you guys play the best funk music on automation!
On FlexBond: I know, right!?
I ended up buying a gallon, then a little squeeze bottle to apply.
thank u!
I tweeked my new background at 1am so hopefully no one got to see it.
It was messy for a while!
i knew it.
We thrive in a social climate that applauds and endorses doctornken idiocy but treats doctorg addiction with disgust, contempt and scathing gossip
Two Web Domains For Sale www.LasVegasCityLiving.com  www.VegasCityLiving.com Email for more Info.
HEY 3: WHY dont u make anymore youtube videos?
: and reply to me on youtube 3
and we have coach Karl its nice to be a Denver fan
RT Let your doctorams be bigger than your fears and your actions be louder than your words.
All day, every day!
yawl are rockin the articles.
I look forward to a couples retreat!
Thanks.
Thomas Sweet is my fave but I also like FrozenYo, Sweetgreen, and mister Yogato.
This is the morning to screw with a few people.
Time to dance girls, who am I picking first
Lets see if Mexico doee something now..
Max is not liking the heat today.
My poor baby...
i wana go skate!
let this shit end now!
Started new job today Media ...
great gig, great team!
It's coming real soon.
and will be much better than the first.
belie that
Hey peeps!
We just shot some videos last weekend where we answered your college questions.
Post a question and you might be our next feature
Hey, thanks for the follow!
Tomorrow, we interview Get ready, we're coming fast  with lots of killer conversations in the pipeline for your ears.
yawn.
I shouldn't be awake.
So proud of you for making top 20 at Miss New York USA!!!
You rocked it girl!!
3 x0x0
GlobalChronicle How to measure students digital skills?
chroni.cl/p36phl
studying for my final :
I'm Finna check it out
whatchin limitless and trying to do my capstone project
That work
Had a long chat w CEO last year.
Cool UI, nice guys.
Tough to build one size fits all tho.
Good to see narrower focus.

RT LeBron's mouthguard says XVI.
It takes 16 wins for an NBA title.
thank u!
working on my masterpiece...
Welcome Lee.
Please sit down.
I just tweeted James
I'll DM it to you
Sunday afternoon BBQ
I Just got my first and so excited to try all the fun products!
Loved the cute packaging :
I wasn't aware there were any people that liked UPS.
That Braun bomb was a thing of beauty
Summer Dance Program will be from July 2  July 20 with a recital on July 20!
ug, kill me now.
BUMMED!
RT Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
It's sad when someone can't choose your love over doctorgs and/or alcohol :
This week is flying by
It's gonna be a good meet.
100 and nothing less today
Pronger is officially out tonight for game 2, according to several Philadelphia reporters.
That wind was horrible!!
There's only one mindexpanding doctorg that this man enjoys and that's called school.
thank u for the feedback on the article on !
You are very welcome!
Thank you for sharing your mornings with us :
Wish you were here to do workshop for THATCamp HBCU!
:
,Smartphones  Tabs just outshipped PCs and Desktops.
Increasing need to use both WiFi spectrums  standards based security 802.1X
Pinot Noir, cabernet, vodka anything...what to doctornk while watching Cowboys defeat the Eagles tonight?
Maybe something blue!
quotes art photg Art is the most intense mode of individualism that the world has known.
Oscar Wilde
See the Nuggets play at home against the Phoenix Suns tonight at 9 p.m.
ET!
hahha I agree.
I buy way too much.
Your life is so hard RT : Why do I have to decide between seeing speak and having lunch with ?
Home Buying Tip  The secret to buying a home is finding a house in a neighborhood you love!
thanks for add
Busy day tomorrow  remindsmeofthatamazingsummer 
at least they aren't owned in majority by McDonald's anymore, then that commercial would be downright absurd
Thx for the followback, Patty.
You honor us!
like em?
i LOVE them !
lols :
Wishing you and yours a very Happy Holidays!
Happy Mothers Day Mom3 I love you soo much
Thank you for the Reeeetweeet!
Olney, Illinois celebrates a Squirrel Day festival to honour the 200 albino squirrels that live in the town lets go!
School; fond music from the summer; trees turn; wind shifts; fire up the grill; football; burning leaves; wind blows/Labor Day Weekend ah
Wow what a full weekend.
Wouldn't have it any other way.
Tons of time with friends and family from !
MAY BABY!
Getting ready for my 0.1 K run by landscaping the new firepit.
See you at 4:00pm cdt.
it's all over!
See you October 21st!!
Low key watching the rangers game at home with some sweet tea.
Then it will be time to watch the Lakers lose.
today was a GOoD day
Before you head to work, catch me on Jansing  Co.
at 7:14 am PT/10:14 am ET where I'll talk about the Affordable Care Act.
yeessss!!!
I know you'll push me!
I love that!!
EVERYONE FOLLOW for me plz
Eh, it's a quantity over quality kinda day.
geekin' out over here.
Hey, family, are you ready for a new semester?
We are!
Good luck everyone today as Spring 2012 commences.
It is feasible for there to be a dance with life, a imaginative response to its innate limits and problems.
going out yay
Prosound Network: All The Kings Mics  the tonal qualities from mics like those used in The King's Speech are now available in a plugin.
is searching for lost High School classmates for our 20 year reunion.
inebriated texting in a foreign language.
if only win and loses, power ranking count in WWE, if only lol
ight watching back
Essay to finish tomorrow....
GNITE.
So we go to Vegas and what do we see?!
bullying ninjas on hovearounds yo!
Lol
I get in my car, and it starts blasting Journey on the radio.
It's good to be home.
New favorite boardoctorom saying: Sniff check.
I got amazing friends and fam.
Thanks for all the talks and wisdom yes!
ATTENTION!
Need more followers!?
follow she WILL get you 50 followers...TODAY
Obama 's swagger is always on 1000.
I am looking forward to hearing his State of the Union
decided to release singles ...because i can!
xD forget waiting for the whole album to be done
O come, let us sing to the Lord; let us make a joyful noise to the rock of our salvation!
Psalm 95:1
Everyday I say I'm moving on, but in the end I never do.
:
Maury today.
this gone be good.
lmao i thought he was at work?
Happy birthday to me 3
Im sleepy now from this weather :/ 
so true!
It's a great place to be!
Elliott Smith is holiday music, right?
Snow tonight in Boston!!!!
same here alexx
I'm never on Twitter anymore O.o
Good call.
RT Is the TIME Magazine cover tweeting yet?
If someone gives me a legit reason how weed is a doctorg I wont buy a blunt today .
i know the feeling
Can we try one more time, i'll make it all better, cause it's gotta be you
Aye brah Where Can I Find That Fck Pok'Chop
I concur Tia.
You are quite the hottie!!
Actually younger was prob around the same time for all of us?
I'm 39!
:
idk?
Oh  speaking of lee.
A certain someone decided to text me  he was like.
Oh btw.
I still like u.
W.
t.
F.
it'd be amazing if you favorited this..
Hate how Ex's go and block me on FB  Twitter, and tell me to lose their number, ect.
Lol, bitch, who said I was gonna try to contact you!?
What's one thing you NEED in your backstage area?
;
Suppose he can't have people mistaking him for the 33 King...
Announcement 1: We've moved!
Both physically and digitally
citable datasets could help RT In UK, citizen devs very keen to feed back fixes into gov data, trouble is to get gov to accept it
Work .
this is going to be the longest day ever
Parade in honor of Our Lady down our street in Madoctord at 1am, marching band and all...no big deal!
I got 3/4 of a sewing project done before Grace decided I needed to be done.
That's a record!
You done a great job this weekend at YEC TN !
You touched my heart!
RT You cant fool a Taurus but they will let you think you have, for the moment.true shit!!!!!
RT and Follow if you love Tshirts, Tank Tops, beaters , Hats and Hoodies!
Thanks!
Have had an amazing time in New England.
Will miss the massive amounts of Clam Chowder  Lobster Bisque!
Back to midmo lomo  Italian wine
Bitterly cold weather will cont to grip much of Upper Midwest and Great Lakes Region thru end of week...bundle up!
Wanting the Nuggets to pull this 4th Q together and find a way to knock Kobe  Lakers OUT
Why am i always wide awake at night?
Walked to the store and got a Fiji water and a esquire magazine with the man the myth the legend RDJ on the cover
hahahhahaha!
Mouth to mask!
Re Bachelor: You ready?
Have a favorite yet?
WikiLeaks Judge Allows Tweeting In Court eweekeurope.co.uk/news/wikileaks via
Only doctorve it in to work so far...
but it's pretty cool
The calm before the storm...
the concert was amazing: and ik one day you will and when ya do..Tell me how you liked it!!
3
Did Perry just blame the dirty Mexicans for his low high school graduation rates?
i feel bad for breaking his heart, but i couldn't take him any longer.
My family is just so fucking stupid.
about to turn in a paper, pack up, and head home !
Indy here I come !
Whoops.
No.
Mom reminds me It was Jair Marufo.
some of it
mobile birding pass not accepted.
Lax moves us three times to go through security.
I guess has now ruined this airline
Today at Fridays, 4 is the magic number!
HappyHour specials today include Corona bottles and our awesome highballs for 4!
This is not a playground lady.
Don't laugh at your toddlers as they run screaming through the library.
cool..wht's it about ?
I think society as a whole is more cynical now, especially the last 10 years or so.
Pussy ass nigga I don't want ya gonorrhea:
Enjoying the beautiful Port St.
Lucie breeze at Jennifer Breeze's place.
Ah.
WE JUST SEE ALL IN PINK 3
preparing for tomorrow's photoshoot!
I agree, however i think the storms may be on their way.
Thats ok showers bring beautiful flowers!
Update your home's appearance with a beautiful Restucco from Chavez Lath  Plaster, Inc.
I hear ya
how is it three?!
Related question  is it possible to remove motor oil from trunk upholstery, or is it completely ruined?
Do we have misterSW here?
wanna talk about it?
popping out of SL mode for a second: Q respond?
Seriously people.
The same Q who has replied to a later email?
Well off of that
Also: Parker liked your Glen Campbell idea, but we couldn't make the timing work
reading In Harm's Way by Ridley Pearson at lunch  can lunch break last for the rest of the day?
Hoping it's in gods plan for me to get this apt!
How do we request that guests refrain from bringing gifts?
good for you.
Still pisses me off to no end, haha.
Working on somethings
Today is my last full work day until April 25th!
This is going to be the longest vacation I've taken since...
ever?
it came to me just now....this mixtape will be my best yet
Does anyone write anything original or just quote everyone else?
Use sysctl machdep.cpu to see CPU info on a Mac OS X machine.
Not yet sure how to determine L1/L2 cache size via OS X terminal.
Anyone?
iusedtothink that everybody actually used monopoly money to buy  I would torture the cashier to just take it when my mom wasn't looking.
Reunite at JazzFest!
RT : relistened to the phish '91 run of Giant Country Horns.
Wow is all I can say.
Met him many years ago, he was a consultant at firm where I worked.
The nicest man.
Stop by for a burger, fries, and Rose Water, Peach Lemonade or Strawberry Cherry Juice!
Apple will soon ask its carriers to tighten their online security to prevent their IMEI.
Is that right?
Aw!
And we love you!
lovefest RT : We love and
bridesmaid doctorsses
Thank you following us.
Actually im joking.
tasted more like...cranberry juice mixed with...expired relish.
change of plans, we're going to kims house.
on Sunday, not Saturday.
Oops.
soawk But now my whole day is free!
i like pizza as a kid, i like pizza now.
NOM NOM NOM
ATTENTION: If you get a message from me claiming to have found something bad, written about you.
Do not fall for this nor click its link.
and Urban is better than both.
People say im an addict, got a lot of bad habbits, love smoking that brocolli and i love stacking that cabbage
haha oh my gosh.
Movie got to ya already huh??
I spent today brainstorming PR  business marketing ideas for  .
Here's to hoping that I can make an impact!
Whos down to play some poker tonight?
not accepted to the Atlanta Unifieds this year.
Selection committee sayd: believes there is not enough foward motion to receive new credits.
When we pursue kingdom principles above His presence, we are looking for the kingdom without a king.
...i'll just be thinking about it more then :
It didn't work :
James harden with the pretty finger roll.
AGREED!
; RT: O I would love to see your home feature!
See us and the C3 Sweets at the DubCustomCarShow May 20th
M, can't get into it at work or I'll get all hot and bothered ; x Had an amazing time and will DM later.
How are you?
We just got some new honey toke rolling papers
I do not want a friend Who smiles when I smile Who weeps when I weep For my shadow in the pool Can do better than that.
Fair enough.
I'm sure you are.
Thanks for answering!
NEW STUFF UP AT HTTP://WWW.MOJOSWORLD.NET!!!!
SUBMIT REQUESTS FOR VIDEO OF THE DAY OR PIC OF THE DAY BY EMAILING
Half Price Bottle Day!
All bottles on the wine list are half price!
Starting to make a pile for OAH2012.
Looks like the exhibit hall is above groundexciting if true!
RT : You are not alone!!
The payroll tax system is complicated and most small business owners need help!!...
BEEN  CAPACITY  PLAYHOUSE ALL TABLES ARE SOLD OUT!!
5.2 is Tom Brady range.
Just waiting for a Danette injury to showcase your talent?
Ok Im On it Nowww !
same on this side it's crazy
you say were best friends i say now you have one less person in your life.
Jump into the middle of things, get ur hands dirty, fall flat on ur face  then reach 4 the stars.
Ido Leffler will be speaking this fall/spring about positive brands and the power of YES
Look forward to following your tweets.
I broke my yoyo :.
I dont know what too say but cry .
thank you for all the RTs
which am I more excited about.....
baseball in 30 days or !?
Happy St.
Patrick's Day Everybody!
I'm Addicted to Twitter O.o
thatawkwardmoment when someone asks you how old your baby is...
you're misunderstanding that recruiting is a raw pattern match game.
Still.
Somebody should disrupt it.
Im with you now RT : you're with Steven??
Christian Bales's red beard is bad ass!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
Light up.
the need to make new episodes of , ,  !!.they need to make an episode of btr were jo comes back!!!!!
Coming down on an emotional high.
Realizing how beautiful the weekend/wedding was.
Great family  great times.
Yayy I won bitchy bingo
And don't forget to catch my man tonight at the Roseland
That was the audio edition of Dark Corner.
Glad it made a memorable impression!
emotion doctorven baking!!
So my style.
Sounds delicious Love you
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at the Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station, Dallas, Tx with
Sure :D, Follow back ?
Tip 164: In side games it's important to know where your opponents minds are.
Most play better when they are winning  worse when losing.
well come and pick me up, youu got youur permit.
My moms not leaving till lyk 4
Cheddar is very concerned about the dog barking on tv during a clip of The Artist and he is voting against it.
3885.
How awesome are you??:P
Looking forward to some homecookin' with 
RT : Perhaps we should encourage people to own the failure rather than reject it, which is our nature
Heels.
I hate them.
So uncomfortable.
yes the key is make it positive

with trying to boost people's selfconfidence so hop off everyone who gives compliments alllovenohate 3
The mentally disabled often find it difficult or impossible to go thru life without some type of assistance.
Never be afraid to ask for help
piano , a sweet kitten and a cup of coffee .....great start to a late Sunday morning
Ribs to start being served fulltime: Fact or Fiction?
hahaha yes!
Look at my face pure focus
I'm tryn go
Nice.
Best of luck!
Get it.
I love puppies but once they're big they don't get any love from me .
lol
Thank you Jonathan!
Glad you've found useful!
Chris Weber: I don't believe a shorter person should ever get a T for hitting a taller person.
What??!
They look good!
Milwaukee is crazy but i love it!
structure?
Cmon now
damn i hate the Man or Woman Maury episodes
My background is sexy.
m.
The requirements to exceeding audience expectations are innovative, original, and unique ...
innovative  original  unique  RISKY
Shorty got that
Why is it not 1:16 yet?!
D;
No questions:
I'm actually , although it's nice to know I have a cousin in the Philippines!
Agreed  can't wait to see what they offer.
3 i love you to.: what're you doiingggg?
What is a buttress?
A female goat.
We will bro
Everybody's in Hawaii while my sister and I are home alone
Morning workout before work.
just did nine!!!
Yay!
ain't no holla back girl
StayatHome Moms Report More Depression, Sadness, Anger my goal is to help end depression w/ fitness and nutrition!!
Contact me
Yayayay early release 
Interviewing on Thurs for the 1st Flipped Learning Network Podcast!
Tweet me questions  I'll ask as many as I can.
OST is staffing 4 exclusive opptys for QA Testers.
Experience with .Net, Visual Studio, C is required.
Are there any testers out there?
awww now...
keep ur chin up...
taking a break from the twits is a tragedy to the manlove he shares with
Hey Peyton Whats Your Skype Pic Is It U And Stephanie Scott Or Just U Sorry Those 2 Are My Friends But I Wanna Know Witch Is U!
Did you learn it by looking it up in a dictionary?
YOU JUST HAD SUBWAY EARLIER!
NOW OLIVE GARDEN?LOL:
Right now we need unity.
War is not about whats right.
It's about whats left.
Only through unity can we fix society,
They have a mind of a two year old my five year cousin.
Is smarter than a boston fan
Went on an adventure with the family today
Hoarders: Breaking my heart one dysfunctional family dynamic at a time.
Just finished an amazing day at The Hispanic Business Showcase and now on the way to SF for Instructions for Peace!
Oh.
Sorry.
I watched that movie with a grimace.
Jessco's description of huffing has made me afraid to paint ever again!
bish.
i.miss.you.
IVE NEVER REALLY GOTTEN TO EVER TALK TO YOU PERSONALLY.
I JUST REALIZED THAT I MISSED YOU LAST NIGHT.
I will definitely try Black Cherry next time Pick N Save has it's on sale.
Sounds Delicious!
my mornings are not the same!
Hope you're well and maybe I'll see you around town instead now!
This is so shitty
If I conjure the imagined longue durée, only then is this Romney campaign is fascinating to watch.
Otherwise, I'm terrified.
Thank Justin For Not RT My Post But Happy 18th Birthday
Can all of this really be worth the struggle?
I dont know..just gotta wait and see i suppose.
Just another day in the life of..
Whip sound !
Another GROW47 update: Friends of Courtenay has scheduled a full slate of events!
Look for them in this weeks newsletter.
thank you for the RT's!
:
targets adultsters in sm  young, affluent, and hungry for celebrity access
Woolard: Students are very divided.
Someone will be very upset regardless of what we do.
Rhetoric has been unnecessarily harsh.
3's !
That's two scoops of vanilla ice cream, not a heart ;  that's a wink
better.
Thank you
hum, would have benefited from serious editing.
If everyone walked around with their orgasm face, no one would ever get laid
Look out!
RT : FF my friend or she'll sneak into your house and rearrange your furniture.
Hundoctords of powerful Women in Architecture!
at a networking dinner together at a museum devoted to women in arts!
Amazing!
send me an email with info and tunes.
good to see you at Clyde's last night Ceej.
Go Caps!
Goodbye new baseball on weeks homer and goodbye dj carrasco on Braun bean!!!!
My dog takes up like all of the bed!
He's lucky that I'm too lazy to push him off.
Soup of course!
First day of summer  Excited!!
We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory.
Cicero
you could have pocket tweeted far worse things!
:p
Thanks!
RT FF FollowFriday Amazing Peeps That Deserve A High Five Daily!!!
hey follow me i fb.
and if yu have any music out can i hear it?
Maximum days the same shirt can be worn: 6.
Customer said,I know some ppl don't believe in deodorant, but...
yeah u gotta it
just did x
Apparently I'm having a hard time with it appearing as a link.
Just type playbill toymaker into google and it should appear at the top!
Is Vinny On Ustream Right Now.?
So hard to believe Sissy was born 17 yrs ago...seems like only yesterday.What an enjoyable journeycan't wait to see what lies ahead!HB Hun!
Sunday is the day I hear your new album and you hear mine.
blunts and 40s in
: I HATE working with annoying people.
AMEN!
More fiber equals less hunger.
Load up on fiber at lunch with a Beef Tostado Salad and youll stay full for hours.
Life is so precious.
great to be together here too!!
Xox
Four large oaks came down in the Dallas snowstorm, pulling out my water line.
Need tree trimmers and plumbers.
thanks for sharing!
have a joyful day today and every day!
;
Haha, I wish!
This quarter's already shaping up to be pretty brutal though, so definitely don't need any more.
RT : We hope you had a safe New Years Eve!
Here's to 2012 being your year!
What's up ppl
As of 4pm GiveBIG funds have reached 5.07 Million for our local nonprofessorts!
What a powerful day for our community and !
Already have that set up.
Special sweeps piece running in July.
Amundson and Adamson at Big Splash Adventure!
The Argus is practiced compassion.
With an eye on you, as one is in me.
man its goin down on sportcenter this morning.
How the hell am I supposed to get work done
Fantastic!
RT Trucker Tip: Give a compliment 2 next person you see  proven to improve your mental health, reduce your stress
JeremyLin is fun to watch...only reason I've watched a NBA game tonight Pacers aren't on TV here.
Breathe and believe
I side with you!
Regardzlez of the situation, we still learn something new tho
A few last minute cancellations opened up some spots for tonight's Riedel Wine Tasting!
Call 290.5720 to sign up.
True pork passion comes in all forms.
;
ilove the way u lie
I love scary movie 3!
lol
Disappointment....it happens.
Watching justgowithit w/ and family.
cracking up!
Back in sunny LA !
awesome idea, excited to see where you take it!
I swear, i sometimes here my phone get a text message  once i look i have non.
You have to!
He's amazing!
I gave him a teddy bear in person when he came to Hollywood like 5 years ago XD He's so short!XD
IT GOING DOWN AT THE KING OF DIAMONDS TONIGHT CALL 786 223 1654 FOR V.I.P
LOL i really don't want to ruin my tolerance.
It's perfect at the moment.
2 of the best thrillers EVER: The Informationist by Taylor Stevens and The Keeper of Lost Causes by Jussie AdlerOlsen.
Highly recommended.
Good to see you  I must have you join me on an adventure!
Did abunch of splits...
I hurt now :/
Were it not for music, we might in these days say, the Beautiful is dead.
Benjamin Disraeli
Yes, I have the best job ever.
Honey I feel you, but this heat...
Blech...
No sleep for the un air conditioned.
sorry to hear that  it's not that long of a flight to Chicago :
....wow gr8t work
Just finifhed teaching Zumba in the circuit at Tierrasanta.
Thank u all for coming!!
See u next time on Wed 10am!
Good job!
Went ahead and bought VIP tickets as a christmas present for my baby sisters.
Stoked!!
:D cant wait to see again:
Good Morning!
I am going shopping with my GF today!
yes i got one!!
Something to do with an ass slap ...
Which I'm always up for ;
Social Media Marketing Kit
Everything I believed about young adult literature is a lie!
Simpsons offer critique on modern publishing industry w/guest Neil Gaiman
Take America back from the political parties and their lobbyists become a registered nonpartisan voter and join the occupy movement.
is nice why on earth does everyone think thats flirting?!
thats a totally different level.
be real people!!
ificouldiwouldbringback the love for classic movies moviechatters is the place to chat about your favorite movies
TY for following us !
Have a great Tuesday!
When mister.
Knapp buys us Starbucks coffee and breakfast 
You know you're tired when...you put hand soap on your toothbrush...AND you stick it in your mouth
All I want for my birthday is for my little black cloud to leave!
It's Thursday and you know that means Friday is around the corner.
Let's hear what you are doing to end the week on a healthy note.
Simon Doonan gave an incredibly heartfelt and moving speech tonight at the FGI Night is Stars gala.
thank you so much for all you do for others.
Radwanska tops Sharapova for title at Sony Ericsson
Or is the legendary CBGBs opening up in a new Manhattan location.
Both rumors are circulating.
You're welcome!
:D
word im gunna get you the logo to show you what ive been workin on..im pumped to get all this in motion
do you love it?
Gonna be hitting you California folks in a week!!!
Today I became a redhead!
Thanks to the many active tweeters!!!
.
to sign marriage equality into law on March 1 at 5pm at the State House.
follow she loves you too deathshe would be buzzing if she was your first followerif not she will end up like stan.13
Going to get more ink for my printer...I go through so much ink or atleast my printer does!
That awkward moment when the sentence doesnt end the way you think it cabbage.
wtf....wht kind of world are we living in?
I'll see if I can work something out!
Would love to hang out with you ladies, doctornking vino lakeside
oh yeah, I bet you really love this
lol you think I only go places if it involves food, well guess what you're right how the hell am I still in shape not human
hey family!!
Playing don't like my moma getting mad ass hell
TT,sponge balls and cards
How mad i am at you 
Big belly rude boy !
If she heard this shit, we'd be on a flight to New York right now I promise you.
Hey so I picked up some nutella the other day!
So good: I put it on bananas.
What else is it good on?
WHAT.
CABIN IN THE WOODS ISN'T SHOWING AT MY THEATER?!
NO
price range?..
To hell with that, I'm playing for Chubbs
Road trip?
Where you headed this summer?
PT
Appreciate the twitter love tonight!
Still waiting for to make fun Of me for getting a kindle...
O...Somebody help us break 13K Likes!
I wish I could retweet that
that's messed up.
I am going to have to stop watching now.
Milwaukee is going to show some of MMA's rising stars a great time!
I have been wondering around my house stroking my cock as I'm doing chores.
Now I'm hella horny!!
don't you worry gurllllll i GOTCH U!
Ok peep des new hoes I got
will look over them further later, but do we have to write an acknowledgment section?
I looked on your blog and it wasn't there.
Wow!
What are they so afraid of?
kinda like whoop that trick..but its jump that nigga!!!
Wow!!
I wish we worked with you, Mimi!
Ever thought about getting into the trade association business??
what are ya gonna buy me?
Found you on Twitter!
Like, I really should have made the caloric jump for several pints of Ben  Jerry's.
NO YOU TOLD MY STATE TO SINK, IF IT SINKS I DIE
Don't limit yourself.
Many people limit themselves to what they believe they can do.
You can go as far as your mind lets you.
go wish one of the owners a happy 16th birthday!
:D
I love seeing small, local businesses on Twitter  right on!
twttr SPECIAL:Buy 1 entree  get 2nd FREE up 2 12.95.
Dinner menu only.
No other discounts apply.
PLZ PRINT THIS PAGE  give to server.
Thx
someday....
Let's just keep our heads up
!!!
you are too sweet.
And awesome.
I propose we have an internet tea party to celebrate.
this should go on every pay check.
I have four days off from serving, so excited to put A LOT more time in for FOUR14 stuff :
the city of angels is calling my name
LOL!
He wiggles in that space between truth and manipulation a little too well for my taste.
AND THE RANDOMLY SELECTED WINNER IS........
!!!
Thanks to everyone that followed and helped out!!
Check your DMs
looks like theyre trying to make the palomar mix a twice weekly or daily thing.
if it ever stabilizes i'll let you know.
TRUNK SHOWS Saturday, May 19th, Allen Edmonds Shoes and Individualized Custom Shirts.
Bring in a pair of gently worn shoes for Soles4Souls
Big thank you's to and for sharing helpful foodtips in time for Valentine'sDay.
doctor Joyce Latham opens the morning session by acknowledging the rich multigenerational perspectives in the room
Finished w/semester and Christmas shopping, can finally read The Iron Knight by So looking forward to this!
Gonna get some wine and good stuff 2nite.
Hittin up my dude 2nite
Custom Harleys at Thunder In The Valley: One of the best motorcycle rallies starts today in PA
But looks better naked ;
Follow He's a huge BITCH!
Tonight.....we are young!!!!
Ha!
He dont know I'm knowing all of his secrets...
Like brother Ken, he so fake, don't even got a dick in his pants Oo truestory LAME
thinking about signing up for crossfit this summer...thoughts vs a regular gym membership?
I finished Journey to the Center of the Earth on my ride to work and am going to start an autobiography of Cheetah from the Tarzan series.
I know the price is steep, but it is totally worth it  it's a wonderful place.
Nice collab....thanks for sharing the new song...you should do this more often...
Block party today  110 Morningside.
Food, music, Car show and shopping!
Would love to see you all there.
Love it!!
You ROCK!!
Even the best fall down sometimes, even the wrong words seem to rhyme.
when you see a 2130 year old guy flirting with a 16 year old girl online  O.O
Got marbles?
Certain people here seem to be short a few ;0
Enough said RT : Live and learn through hard times.
: Where r u going this weekend?
zombie walk on Friday night.
Family shows Sat and Sun.
Monday night.
YW Ellen!
The Boston e2conf looks very exciting this year!
I hope to make it.
Did you get 's book yet?
Pure Gold
I just watched his 2 innings from last night.
He's got the offspeed stuff working for him.
Not surprised with those numbers.
take it back to my hotel
No BOHH No Cry Bob Marley
HI guy
This is the second time John Michael MacDonald has presented The Nightmare doctoramer with It's great to see it's growth.
Much like today but more sun than rain.
im jealous lol
yea he already said that he did://at least he is happy
MT : GOP stands firm in opposition to taxes.
Dem tax hikes hurt families  small biz.
Must cut spending, grow economy  create jobs
awesome posts Thankyou!
I've been waiting all day, for you to call me babbbbyyy
THX!
: Pitmen Painters is such a lovely piece of work.
A true love letter to art, labor  the labor of art.
Hats off to
Latism is the 3rd largest community on Twitter.
Combined w topblogueras it will be 1st!
Powerful voices!
We want to meet u!
done with twitter for the night...maybe
: What a gorgeous day for our Classof2012 to get their diplomas.
Congratulations, all!
RT : Greensboro is ready for !
Wanna try out?
U have until 6am 2morrow morning 2 come register at
nice to meet you :
Great time last night with StarKid!!
Thanks to all that came!
HAPPY FRIDAY EVERYONE?!?!?!
Who is going to hangout at Rebecca Blacks house tonight with us, She makes a wicked fruit punch.
p WEEHOO!
Killer boots man
whent to pick up my friend
Who did you get it from?
Seasons 52 was the WINNER for Best Romantic and runner up for Best Restaurant to Take Clients in Orlando Sentinel's Best Bets Awards!
My coffee intake for the past three weeks has been ridiculous.
Two cups in one hour.
you have and always will be my favorite!
Im honored to say I've seen you live!
Keep it up:
Plan Ahead web site http: //www.planaheadnow.com
Tonight !
Homework; YEE ;
i have been studying for so long!!
so nervous for math test!!!
Just finishing up the post man!
I will tweet it 2 ya  post on your Facebook!
Man I'm dying laughing from 2ndnature vids lol
hear, hear.
i took her java class a few years ago.
great teacher.
Stayed up too late watching Country Strong.
Hated the ending, but was ama
i wonder if oomf thinks of me as often as i think of them
justin i love u forever 3 i am a fan and will never leave u!
even tho some of my friends may dis u i will always be a follow
Phone calls are the new telegrams
Thanks to all who made it possible to follow AAS3rdCentury, esp.
You're so welcome!!!
Words cannot express how much I hate home depot!
Explains the process of finding angelinvestors and that was their first impactinvestor as a
The JoePaterno autographed football goes for 400!
Bored at home
and i really like you too: let me know any Sunday you can make it and I'll put you on my list.
Rock on!
Check out my demo reel www.imdb.me/alexmontaldo
My Vegas vacation needs to hurry up and get here before my tan wears off and I gain all my weight back.
He slipped in slime haha
thank you!!
Simon are you gonna fight L A Reid
You can find them used/refurbed, but I don't know about keeping Prime shipping.
you only have a month left, you can do itt lol
Damm RT : I hate waken up wit morning wood
Join for free today post highlight tapes and photos recruithighschool.com
How long have you had your dog?
What's with the roadblock in Hollywood?
Anyone know?
That was a crazy play!
Mosley needs to retire
Celebrating my anniversary early with an escapade to Wild Horse Pass in Arizona.
hahahah that's so cute!!!
I don't think it's fair to have me work on the 3rd floor and not supply a slide...
It's Friday which means John D.
is piercing till 10pm!
Great freedom in learning to allow the systems of the world to work for u, rather than fearing the systems  allowing the systems to work u.
Also, major progress on the Denver Zoo's Asian Tropics exhibit.
The elephants are going to be oh, so happy.
i used to just laugh at el moe's.
aw
If you're going to be twofaced at least make one of them pretty.
Sweet!
Every little bit of awareness helps!
Had a really great night last night and then today sucked and I did way too much.
why cant anything go right
love every shade brown  shades of my brown hair
Singing class with le'cuz
listening to a French Christmas album from the 1950s, it sounds like a French class Christmas party.
I am now.
Man...
he was cool as fuck 2 me.
No one knew his name either.
Fuck you
Looks like it's going to hit the fan!
So tomorrow is poem in your pocket day....
hmm...
Brung in Mother's Day the right way last night
Yep...I couldn't resist posting that and making a captainon for it...I'm glad you liked it!
:
Pull a couple allnighters and you'll be set!
thank you!
remembering our Savior with u today.
nailed it: because state taxes are regressive, federal taxes should be a way to equalize that.
Losing weight requires daily burning more calories than you consume.
This doesn't necessarily mean reducing calories, but burning more.
LMFAO!
RT : Spent months training to fight Munoz and now I have to fight a guy who sounds like PIP from South Park.
We are starting a store!
1 tshirt down, lots to go...
Make.
Your.
Bunnies.
Orange.
Dude i really hate bats :O
Dancing on flexiglass on top of lights  electrical will do that RT Madonna danced like a woman afraid of breaking a hip.
FAREWELL GUYS!!
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME HERE ON TWITTER AND TUMBLR..
ITS BEEN AWESOME...
GOODBYE!!!
Let's daily look for the glorious appearing of our Lord ChristJesus  let's tell all of our loved ones we love them, while we can
About to watch President Obama deliver the second State of the Union...
R U Watching!!!
Nicki Minaj Surprises Cute Super Bass YouTube Girl On Ellen Summary: Nicki Minaj made this little YouTube starlet 's whole lif
I know they're called shorts, but shouldn't they at least cover your butt cheeks?
Shockingly busy in this waiting room at 7:13 am hoping, but not optimistic that this appointment will be prompt.
I just put the seat back and sleep
Awful news about Shadid.
He was so young and talented.
Thanks for calling in to
glad to know you are brunching enough for all of us!
Save some brunch for me, I'm going to be hungry in September.
Weed man coming with a half a zip 30 minutes in the trap is a half a brick Always hustle to get it I never ask for shit
Mentally bored at work
Updated saturday forecast: 76 and scatered thunderstorms
going to look at apartments today excited and hopefully bdubs later!
yo shit nasty my shit home made cook..when yu get it like that talk to me lol
Brings lots of nice surprises but tweets can also be misinterpreted.
thanks for coming out Canada, at least you still have maple syrup
you don't be joining my xbox live parties trader
I just laughed..
for 4 minutes..
non stop.
:
I'll be up this weekend actually!
and the following too for Christmas.
Let me know if you are free.
I'd love to catch up!!!
Samba  Little Brazil at the Ramp San Francisco Fri, November 5, 5:30pm
Today's my off day.
:
Remote Conductor is currently featured in the New and Noteworthy section on the iPad App Store for all major markets!
Let the games begin.
Another beautiful day here at the lake!
Did you know that MarineMax carries more PreOwned and Brokered boats than anyone else in the U.S.!
Em, you need to talk to Human.
He's been holding out on us!
I've been a voting member of Grammy for years, and I can't afford to go to the show, tickets are that expensive.
Oh well...
Ya know,ten years ago tonight i met the devil in the pale moonlight...
TwoThingsIWant me and you
please retweet our last tweet !!!
Great deal!!!!
Takes off shoes while doctorving
RT : Tomorrow from 117, we'll need your votes one last time for Milwaukee to host the 2012 Social Media Tourism Symposium!
Goin to the brewer game tonight Trying to figure out which hat  shirt is the luckiest.
I am pretty sure the morning sickness is gone!
YAY
you know, I'll need to be selling mine before I travel before I travel westward, so if you can hold out until July....
Woof Gang Bakery woof pack follow a nonprofessort helping animals and fighting cruelty.
Adopt don't shop for your pet!
The Giant Mechanical Man opens A romance develops between Janice, a woman in her 30's who has yet to learn how to navigate adulthood, and
Not that I recall but that pain in the butt may have been caused by back issues
RT : ...and so begins the best 2 hours of radio of the year.
Jon McGlocklin on the Radiothon to...
So much TV to watch tonight  Its very hard to avoid all thebachelor talk today!
I feel like i'm gonna cry...
Missed the 2nd special performance by du Soleil at doctorpa?
Follow xeroxdoctorpa for details of the next performance
By the way, Gingrich angers me alot more than Santorum...SC GOP voters stink!
Thanks for lifting up the most divisive candidate :
Clayton talking on about Russell Wilson, and how amazing he's turned out to be.
Some of us have known it all along!
I know you won't and I understand what u mean but can u still talk to me?
Or not?
What do you get when you cross a stream and a brook?
Wet feet.
HAHA Thanks
It's cold, rainy, and the Sox can't win a game!
Looking like an early night!
:
Losing your mind, huh?
I can relate!
seattlefashionweek 's trunk show was a blast.
hopefully we can make it to the press event on tuesday!
I'm so over conveyor belt sushi.
Food should not be conveyed.
: Is anyone else having App World problems after PlayBook update 1.0.5?
Several threads today in forum w/ no answer.
Gabriel Rossman is assistant professorssor of sociology at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Not for long.
The Host or something!
No one company can do this by itself Walt Disney
oh shit!
Happy mothers day Chereereereeree
get at me in the morning and I'll hook ya up ;
Ops.
Disregard that last tweet  I sent it to the wrong group!!
:
Yeaah buddy Rollin like Big Shot .
It's a jungle out there
he's right!
: Sun shining in NYC!
the Kentucky Derby winner ' I'll Have Another ' was purchased for 11,000 ....
what a friggin bargain ehhh !
WOW !!
Our shit is down right now, So if you need us to promote your site / content, post and we'll repost.
awesome!
U deserve it
quote of the day.
Comanche leader tells Creek trader that his people are the most powerful nation on earth.
This girl walking in front of me got a wedgy ctfu
Proceeds also provide free healthcare for uninsured teens.
Awesome!!!!
: Here's to more connections!
Thanks again Guru!
Let's spk v v soon!
xx
That person's voice who literally sounds like nails on a chalkboard to you.
why the switch?
You must come by and check it out!
:
But if I got with you would feel the same
I need to make that move downtown to get those steakfries!
NBS
pick the right hill to die on.
Hummer ain't it...
Follow my new page
the day just got a little brighter :
Morning everyone!
I am still trying to recover from Christmas travel!
Sorry I was waiting for crack...
Oh RENT
I'm not ignoring you, I'm just waiting for you to talk to me first.
haha the word yacht...
It's nothin ;
heading back to Google Village.
Will take some pics w iPhone to tweet usXsw and let u know any scoop if I get any :
never underestimate my socks.
So what do the Yankees do with Mo if David Robertson is lights out for the rest of '12?
Keep pushing!
The Lifetime Fitness Center Spurs
Damn I'm already tired
kiss my ass
have you showered?
no rush
Damn Heat fans so hurt right now ....
RT We're giving away a HARDENED Edition of MW2 on Aggregame to celebrate the Resurgence DLC Release  RT to enter!!!
Lora speaks to the 1st yr grad students at the meeting today, this is already a transformation in the visibility and reach of GSA.
Thank You!
I want sum damn apple pie on top of
Impossible to get caught up on emails.
Family, writing, speaking.
Maybe 2012 will have more hours?!
Surface Magazine is one of our favorite Mags.

good they're at the AA Museum.
I'm just here getting some work done.
The reason I talk to myself is because I'm the only one whose answers I accept.
George Carlin
Mass.
is so cold move your logistics south where it's warm.
jobs Love adidas Adi Says my Kicks get Chicks  it's true 8
It's about time!
How AMAZING is that place?
To.
Die.
For.
Due to facial swelling from teeth extraction, Sofia might call me Puff Daddy.
Who has an Instagram?
Follow me  janetluvscheese 
Very sweet.
Thanks so much!
Glad you like it.
: 
2 cups of coffee...I am in the zone!
yeah should be nice this weekend.
maybe even as soon as saturday!
we just used our 77 kids cards...thanks so much!
RETWEET: Game Night tonight in the UC 2nd floor lounge  8PM.
See you all there!
Cinnamon toast crunch....
Happy birthday to THE one and only, pride and joy of Wheelersburg, OH
They say loves the key..
Someone change the lock.
The sleep deprivation is catching up to me.
My zombie trance is almost as nimble as the sneezing walk of a nine month old.
YES!
Finished season 6.
Love Winchesters.
RT : I heard you started to watched Supernatural.
yey  soo you like it?
is hello wrong?
Mobile visitors are more likely to be responding to social media.
yup I lost a whole bunch of people off my list as well.
bizarre ass technologies
This bill will affect every single motorist in San Diego County
Please check out our new Shelter Hope Pet Shop in Janss MarketPlace Mall, Thousand Oaks.
The new model for Pet Shops  ADOPT!
all I need in this life of sin is me  my boyfriend
Whoa.
You have a lot of followers.
I'm jealous.
Thanks for the RT!
loves you.
At the Oklahoma History Center for a workshop: The Preservation of Archival Materials in Colleges and Universities.
Lunch will be in the lobby at noon.
it out....
And I get in ALoT of fights
I'll admit, I'm extremely sad they hinted at Six Napoleons, that was one of my all time favs!
you sleep?!
Who knows what the future holds..
all I can do is stay prayed up!
And the Flyers fans stopped yapping for a few brief but treasured moments...
We provide therapy for childoctorn withChallenging family structures.
tbrs not the right video.
This is of a night game.
All the statistics in the world can't measure the warmth of a smile.
Chris Hart
Win Allison would love to serve you during happy hour.
59pm.
Trivia at 8pm.
Gwen just texted me that they are Excited to demo2012.
Anyone who is at willing to give me a play by play?
great interview!
hope something comes of it.
Be happy to share more info or anything else if u need it.
thank you..:
Game Recap
A chicken Teriyaki sandwich  a whole bag of sour patch  tons of hw  gotta wake up at 5am  yikes!
Thanks, man.
And ouch!
and i like to eat !!!
IF YOU DARE YOU WILL READ PYTHON' by Carina Nolan Hell slithers Lust simmers in hot Florida thriller
lol good times.
I am long over due.
Need to get a refill.
Please give my love to the family.
Love you!!!
lets get 50 likes by tomorrow before tha show!!!
at work, hoping for a good day today...
very busy week ahead of me...
Happy Birthday gorgeous, hope its a great one!
Love that its friday!
Cheers to the freakin weekend
Also.
Go pirates.
Fuck you as well if you don't like them.
So that they can have all the money to themselves and still get everything they want from YOU without you asking for or expecting anything
Doing something ambitious with my hair sometime today.
Let's hope I can get finish up all of my other business so I can get started.
I finally understand all the Hunger Games buzz
FREE doctorNKS TODAY.
be among the first 5 people to say the secret word MAUI to the bartender and your first doctornk is free.
book 'em dano
aww thank you
going to Sam's.
:
Wish BadUniverse was longer  would have liked more time on extremophiles  the killer robots
In youth we learn, in age we understand.
Marie von EbnerEschenbach
Whoa Dave you worked for Photojojo?
As if having a commercial aud 2 come back 2 after vacay wasn't awesome enough, I got to 2 audition w/ Chad from
Imagine, that you have a giant, inflamed, hemorrhoid about the size of a golf ball, right in the entrance of your asshole
Great game, Tank!
One of the most exciting finishes in San Antonio sports history!
TankDown!!!
I always get my way
for maximum impact no creme!
gutter punk  coffee shop in austin texas.
The NY Highline is amazing  hope the City and keep it clean and graffitti free!
I do.
I have everything teal and a teal and purple iphone case.
Ahh the good ol days!
Happy Mothers Day to All the Light Skinned Niggas out here!
youwerecooluntil you decided not to read any more books
I am told that the skin reduces men mad.
I love to wear it because it's nice.
I love it when someone on our team shows me something new they hacked together...empower and innovation will follow
is there an educational component or is the impulse more marketing related?
Is there anychance i can maybe get a tweet or a rt from my favorite diva
Just read the phrase get 'er done in a business article.
I was horrified.
excuse me, I think you doctorpped something Did it yesterday.
Dupont Circle, adult male, pastry wrapper.
No it's true it really is race day tomorrow.
Ha!
Oh, and if you are going or did go to see it, I'd love to hear what you thought of it.
I'm a creep, your a creep, we're all fucking creeps
I wonder if I know anyone who lives within an hours doctorve of Toronto, ON ...
Anyone?
Saidee:Why?
Because I can
On the Range program on the golf channel is really good.
Welcome to Old Bellevue!
Can't wait to try your twreets!
twitter won't let me follow you.
Apparently I'm following to many people.
I want to!
I want to follow all of my followers!
In Heritage waitin on a cut
Living my life to the fullest 
I hate being sick in the summer
This time last week I made those horrible cookies/cakes...
haha Yum now I can only doctoram about them!
Have a great day
Thanks for the RT!
depends on perspective ;
Break my sisters heart I'm finna rip out ur heart u aint worth anything u are a peasent and she is queen bow down before u are
Happy Hour with live music from Bad Katz Blues and Free Taco Bar Specials doctorSS TO IMPRESS !
No Cover Before 10!!!
Performing Improv at The PIT tonight at 7pm.
Come and witness the magic of acting with no script ;
Yes!
Visitors learn from museums via s.m., but museums should be learning as much/more from audiences
Or they never connected with the person who they were seeing in the first place...sad but true.
The vow.
what a great pic of you guys!
yeah :D
It could have been the Jinn.
Consider the possibility that the Jinn knew who or what you are to them even when you were a child.
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the andoctorid market: This is so addictive and fun by Selena
I gotta tell the World about it !
If you're interested in fantasy football check out www.orpster.com.
It's a stock market of NFL players.
Don't forget to follow me back : And I'm glad to K you in acting...
Reason 985 why living in NOLA is awesome: Free concert w/ Avett Brothers  doctorJohn tomorrow in the Quarter, thanks to Final Four events
Proofreading calls for dark chocolate.
REMEMBER GUYS: Always cherish, love, be kind, be honest  truthful to your wife or girlfriend.
I didn't and spent the last 30 years alone.
Report: St.
Johns assistant Mike Dunlap to interview with Charlotte
So selfless of you, thank you!
I'm a good swimmer, though.
Can't wait for your show this week in Pitt I haven't seen you since Can't wait to rage!!
Nice day to come back.
Pity its Internationals next week though.
Anquan Boldin will be taking over football camp this year.
July 69, 2011 at McDaniel College.
For information follow
It was very hard for me...Degrassi is what I look forward to every week
Should I be insulted I wasn't asked to participate in the Kennedy Center Honors tribute to Meryl Streep?
Also, can someone DVR it for me??
awesome!
Love the account diversification with !
Will follow them more closely for sure.
And collab?
Met with , the newly promoted Artistic Assoc., to discuss 2012 apufringe proposals.
Superbowl watching location: secured.
A 24 hr sports bar in Saigon.
Enjoy the game.
Go Steelers!
Tbh in my house its about favortism and its always my sister the favorite :l
1, 2, Freddy coming for you!
Some people wanna fill the world with silly love songs.
What's wrong with that?
Has a baby face .
Pour one for the homie!
Lol
Especially when I'm working on covering Worlds, like I am right now.
So much easier to flip tabs between my notes.

i thought this movie could get any worse...
Alf is tired of Willie's brother hanging around, plans to runaway by hitchhiking Claudette Colbert style.
Agent of the year: whomever is representing the punter.
Only doctorwback is that no one knows where to start on contract negotiation.
Hehe thanks to the translater on my MacBook, I know EXACTLY what you said!
:
she thought not like the movies was about a condom
Hate wha im turning into
Getting ready for Bacon, Best friends, and maybe even a few beers !
with
Can't wait to hear it!!!!
I know it'll be amazing!3 xx
RT If it's illegal to rock and roll, throw my ass in jail!
Kurt Cobain
jamming to old school
Preach it!!!!
We build on their strengths, teach to their needs  celebrate our learning communities!
Just learned that microwaving a corn tortilla turns it into a cracker!
OH NO!
RUN.
RT : This man REEKS of bullshit  its making me want to puke.
epic idea.
DM me to chat.
jealous !
haha i still have to see luke bryan sing haha i keep getting caught up with
who says i dont already?
I'm actually not even in law school; im a professorssional starbucks tweeter
Q: Why do liberals travel in threes?
A: One to read, one to write and the other one to keep an eye on both intellectuals.
ReasonsWhyIHateSchool There is no subject about Sara3
thank you!
I appreciate that!!
What options do we have for switching to a cleaner and more efficient energy future?
Dirks always finds a way.
tired af...but i cant sleep.
I seem to be having this problem a lot
Time to say bye!
Need to watch Pure Love..
:.
Is there a link to Masch's presentation from yesterday's SRC meeting?
shout out to my new followers
Show your CLE pride!
WEAR it!
Check out www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com updated photos give you a better look at our tees!
Ok I had the weirdest doctoram 0.o
is his last name baker?
Of course, I probably don't watch nearly as many action movies as you guys do.
so excited for wwhl!
I missed you!
let me know when you get 200 so I can unfollow you and put you back at 199 ;
Tina made the doctornks ALOT strong so this chick is going to bedoh hopefully around 7.
Hope your day is GREAT!!!!!
Does that mean people who write about influential people under 30 were not
Will, Y U NO shove a bee hive up your ass?
Me, too!
RT IWannaSlap whoever started OnlyFatPeople TT, may be we should build people up instead of breaking them down.
only follows one fan a week, I'm saying he should follow 5, because it's gonna take him 4ever to follow us :/
I'm in love with this weather!
lol naw bitch ya ass a fool :...
The Cult of Cartman!
Boondocks til i k.o
Yup.
Snark is cheap, and snark cheapens.
Closing at Bar Louie 3rd night out of 4 in a row, need my people to get here and buy some cocktails, Milwaukee, where ya at?
: Twitter.
You'd be surprised how much I've learned about the book publishing industry just through my Twitter feed alone.
please have her send me an email.
im serious, do u not remember 2007
Thanks for the tweet about our presentation.
So much energy  excitement!!!
RT My, my, my, these topblogueras are on fire!!
Way to go, girls!!
Can't go wrong waking up to Steve Winwood.
nxnw sxsw Here at weirdos for some live music.
Tonight the boys gone wild
I agree.
I loved Bad News so much I went right into Some Hope...
but I think I'll shove another book between them now.
thanks I think is a very happy and nonannoyed tweeter today 
Well said Rebecca!
:
Hey Cynaca what's up?
Ohai, my names Jamie.
And according to where you are I'm elsewhere.
This goes perfect with the babies were gonna have.
The wheels are coming off.
What the........
Holy Moly there is a Brewers game everyday this week!
Come show your love and enjoy 2 hot dogs, 3 cans of Damsel and Louie's
I love how tweets his fans saying thanks for gifts they sent.
He's so sweet!
:3
was interviewed by today, be sure to tune in next Tuesday to learn about Bread is the Devil
aww yea cause i can't afford school in cali /
I searched my name and nothing came up :
Will there be a live stream at swaar?
Thanks, Arthur : Hope to see you there!
You are my heaven.
Anywhere on earth with you is where I want to be.
It's an interesting measure of someone how long they'll deride an innovation before engaging and assessing for themselves.
Me too, 'course.
looks like a brunette Barbie doll :
Looking at tickets for when comes to visit!
Which foods jumpstart your day?
Apples contain quercetin, which boosts performance and energy levels.
crap.
getting doctorssed and i realized my favorite socks are getting worn out.
grrr...but they are so soft now
girl, get out of the wash machine!
At least I know is watching TheBachelorette too and I'm not the only one..
RT Hear hear also need to educate PMDs to check men for breast lumps, not just women.
Men need to be aware
Sex in the shower :
so many people I know are in/going to Hawaii right now!
I'm jealous :/
Good Morning!
Seven days til America!
If your just staring at your walls BrianRobert Then this one is for you
it will be fun to meet you!
I hope you all have a very lovely feast today.
Mine won't start until after midnight lol !!!!
So fill your bellies my mortal friends.
The adventures with tyler and cori jo.
Give it to God EVERY DAY!!
Trains new album is the only thing keeping me sane
Vincent IT developing eBook for iOS for an U.K based client and won project to develop appliaction for all mobile platfroms to stream elea
I miss your stories!
;
Not MOA!
: Try EP, everytime I'm there, it's tolerable Good luck and Happy Holidays!
You are just fantastic !!!!!!!!!
i love you
sdmayornp Dumanis lists some foundations and philanthropy creating solutions we need because we don't have the 
Just when you thought Baylor's uniforms couldn't get any worse ...
Indians get one on the board in the bottom of the 4th.
Angels lead 21
Bring Sally up.
And bring Sally down.
Lift and squat gotta tear the ground.
Ok Fort Myers and everyone  First Assembly...
Be ready...
Im on my way!
I have stuff now that I never had before ....that makes me proud of myself shrugs
Great work tonight at Boot Camp!
I really appreciate how hard you guys work!
It really keeps me motivated!
Keep working hard!
HALLOWEEN H2O...doctorves???
WTH!
That dude walked everywhere the first 5 Movies!
Who taught dat...how to doctorve?
He'd walk like betwn states!
m nice bra and sexy body thank you for sharing honey
Shopping for an iPad 3??
We already have them on order.
We WILL take tradeins on iPad 2  1's Twitter followers get 25 off any iPad!
now THERE'S a thought...
Never put off until tomorrow what you can avoid altogether.
i need followers!: F4F
Ronin Gray is credited on IMDb
lol!
so true ;
AWESOME!!!
You rock!!
I knew you would do it!!
Further information is available by calling Iron Eagle organizers toll free at 18008516940, or via email .
Hey are you and the kids going up for the Cellcom race or is Aaron just going?
nightamanda
...and im officially late to my last damn lab of the yr!
cool!
:/
SAVE ME FROM MY MOTHER AND BROTHER...
I don't understand them sometimes lol
Fish shrimp snow crabs crawlfish lobster yummy with a bottle of wine I'm ready
Create your personal brand, boil it down, listen to feedback, connect.
It's that simple.
to those that need it.
No matter what they say in boils down to money and one party fighting the other for all the old reasons.
Talking to this faag;
Want a complimentary kids pass to TerrorTown2011?
Text 'TERROR' to 99000 to get one!
sorry i been so quiet Joel but u didnt have to unfollow lol hope all is well!cool pic here btw.
Is that u on the board?
Maybe you could call in sick  bring it to the crib  get all this.
Something I do not enjoy doing is calling consultants about ridiculous consults because the attending wants it.
Not my style.
ATLANTA It's going down again this THURS 11/17 Come out to the Karaoke/Spoken Word Open Mic MashUp 7pm to 10pm.
Be there.
to which article are you referring?
its giving me carpel tunnel!
who cares!!
:
yeah and ppl have staring problems .
Watching Twitch of the Death Nerve!
wow, great!
I love orange soda very much!
LED lights: www.lightingever.com
Thank you!
Come suck my dick in the shower, now look at me kiss the dick head bitch!!
lol
Teams that are below .500 in the middle of summer are not often seen as in the race.
Again with the no links?
who needs their hands to doctorve?
You should check out my website  diablitaroja.webs.com Let me know what you think!
me too , I had my friend come get me haha.
love you too omg, flattered!!!
RT: Everyone in the world, put your guns down RIGHT NOW.
Resume killing each other after the vows are read, please.
Photo shoot with Anthony and Angelica right now.Did some outdoor shotsnow some instudio shots.
Photos look hot  having an awesome time!
Just hit my head on a tree branch.
What a way to start the morning.
yayy!!
Tomorrow it will be exactly 1 month and 19 days till' my birthday!!!
Some hoe ass bitches from El Paso lol
And of course she dont answer her phone...smh
In the studio cutting two new Impressions singles
Awesome turnout for Friends and Family Night!
7 people registered for January's Focus Training!!
Woo hoo!
Bring it on!!
:D
It's proof of that old saw: Write what you know.
I never took the title literally, I'm just interested in some of the topics they cover.
Are you loving life in Scotland?
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
its 6:34 and im leaving work!
see you soon!
Truly, but with as few automobiles as possible.
CBRE Columbus thanks the readers of Columbus CEOMagazine for voting CBRE the 1 Commercial Real Estate Brokerage in Central Ohio!
He's a good egg.
Nope.
Glass bowl, metal spoon, whole deal.
I'm so punk rock.
.
problem I have with TED is that it seems to prize genius without considering structures and power that bound it
Your voice students might enjoy learning to play the piano, too www.YouCanTeachPiano.com
come  you know you need to bf
Woo hooo!
Congratulations!
We spacetweeps are all cheering with yout!
Thank u New back rocks.
Thnx 2  4 recommending this bag to me.
No official hashtag for this one, but feel free to use
Really ?!
Maybe he knows something we don't?!
Yeah, that
Haha!
I think you need to aim higher.
I'm ZList right now.
RT : I'm not famous yet because has yet to discover me.
home sweet home DC.
TOMORROW NIGHT, 8PM an ALL NEW EPISODE of TOUGHLOVE New Orleans!!!
Can you laugh at yourself?
special day and time !!!!
RT : Morning lovelies, have a blessed and relaxing Sunday.
Look for more pics of at the black expo later.
:
Most guys want to fuck as many different women as possible.
Not me.
The idea of that many women knowing how poor my performance is scares me
Stubborn  too stubborn though I know it ain't good.
Unruly ambition is deaf, not only to the advice of friends, but to the counsels and monitions of reason itself.
Sir Roger L'Estrange
Thank you RT : following!
Kindergarten registration.
Class of 2025.
Is this really happening?!
Lol Aaron!
May you be successful in fundoctorising!
WhenAustin see's a hate comment on ustream and just smiles and ignores it because his Mahomies overcome his haters.
Verlander charged with all four runs in Tigers game.
ALMOST the best two game start of season I've ever seen by Tigers starter BUT.
.
.
.
Where The Boys At is my new favorite song !!!!
: 
Jimmy the greeks, unorginized, but peerrty sweet
I sure hope so.
Can't wait to watch.
What do you think?
My tweet is only motivational if your motives are to become an asshole
MN Friends...
please help findtodd If you see this car please call authorities Red Passat Minnesota plates 545 BLM please RT this
Todays cask at is TwoHearted.
Cask tapped at 4pm.
New food truck from Anchor Fish  Chips will be there too.
I hate big Ben.
that would be awesome.
I wanted to go do the railbird thing this year but we moved to Houston so that's a little difficult lol
That's the word, anyway RT : Grease is a video game now?
WTF?
Cause I moved in with my man :
Here at work, pondering the day
What are you guys hearing on Mark Lyons??
Would be the missing piece
I just twetted I'm starving and I haven't ate in forever!
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take.
Make sure to pick up a fresh copy of UWeekly tomorrow for your chance to win a FREE tan from Savage Tan!
Bob Odenkirk in is perhaps the greatest casting decision of all time bettercallsaul!
Oh, it was more of a rhetorical question.
I know all of that.
But never thought any of it should have meant death to MNSpeak.
that girl is gorgeous
I knew that poem was about me!!!!
I just added like 40 people on fb.
Almost to 300.
Muaha.
call me a noble gas, cos i'm buzzing just like NEON, NEON!
Everyone just really wants to get on my nerves today, holy cow.
PUNCH!
I've got a beer right here for you though.
ahah but if they do come in, london champagne cocktails in order on the 25th :
: Man..
we do this every day of the night.
Wow this Cubs team is hard to watch!!
go get some that shit was bomb lol
Mushrooms are used as an adjunctive cancer treatment throughout Asia cause of their ability to counteract the toxic effects of chemotherapy.
ha ha yes it is not as awesome as the Lucy one!
OMG is so ghetto and ridiculous it aint even funny!
cant even pay for my phone bill wtf?!?!?!?!!!!!!!
calmdown elshaday
The descendants of Sgt.
Edward Ratcliff, Co.
C 38th USCT, are kind, gracious, wonderful people.
It was truly an honor meeting them today!
Look for the ladies with the pink duct tape name tags on Fairmount Ave!
Changing information in my account , ready to tweet more often...
Funny!
MT Stolen but funny line  In honor of Obama supporting gay marriage I'm going to kiss a man.
How to find Ann Coulter?
mandatory meetings...ugh.
Let's make it a great day Milwaukee
I accept these props :
You cannot be serious.
:
really looking forward to it
Sitting at starbucks waiting for my car to be repaired.
Breaks serviced.
thats pretty damn nice of ya!
: thank you
You're too kind Bobby!!
hot ass!
; lol
Let us believe neither half of the good people tell us of ourselves, nor half of the evil they say of others.
J.
Petit Senn
You went to the gym?
What snacks did they have?
Have a safe and happy 4th of July weekend everyone!
what up
Thanks for the RT of my blog post, Melissa!
thanks for that!
Back from PA trip: Added to my basic food groups: Sarris Candies and Schwartz Pickles.
Any eaterie serving Schwartz.
I'm there lemme know
Too windy to frolf?
Possibly.
We are now full tonight.
2 couples are on a wine tour with Martin's Gorge Tours another is hiking Wahclella Falls.
What are you doing?
Very powerful adult forum at LCN about praying prayers of lament in crying out to the Lord, it's OK to be angry, frustrated, unhappy.
Thanks for all of the RTs.
It's GAFriday.
Yeah!!!
Everybody Wanna Be A Rapper..
do I sense sarcasm or the tone of a true journalist?
How have you contributed a HANDful of Love to someone in your life this week?
YES BECAUSE I WANT PEOPLE TO GUESS MY BEER
CAPONES JANUARY 14TH!!!!
HOMETOWN JOHNSON CITY SHOW!!!!
HOPE TO SEE YOU THERE!
:
Kevin Na is a great guy.
Love to see Kuchar win this.
Have you heard?
Tomorrow is the big day!
Watch our NEW SHOW My Big Fat Failure 9pm, EST on
Congrats to , who will be directing our Health Policy fellowship starting in April!
The best night evahhhhhh
Any tips for our marathoners for the last 3 weeks before the race?
staples for what??
HAIL yes!!
Look who's got some weather, San Diego!
Enjoy the session  let us know your thoughts!
MT Friday at NCORE2011.
Can't wait to hear doctor Bensimon this afternoon.
The first single by is heading to AC radio very soon.
The question is.....Are you ready?
I SEE U SAY U GONNA CHANGE THE WORLD BUT U HAVNT CHANGED MINE AND THATS PROBS BECAUSE U DONT REPLY TO PEEPS UNLESS A BODY PART
Hester...
Lights out
RT : For those in the trenches of educating young minds, I thank you for patience, understanding  the ability to shape lives!
he wasn't at school yesterday!
: made me sad :P
Hey Dominique Browningdid you fall and crack your tailbone?
What happened next?
good how bout urself
Be honest...Do you tweet for business or pleasure?
First Amendment prohibits use of Do Not Call Registry for election campaign calls
lol she liked the mystery alot but left the room during the rape and revenge scene lol
FIRST COMMERCIAL IS AT 4:53 central ON 97.9 TODAY!!!!!
TUNE IN!!!!!
I am excited comic book conventions are coming up this spring!
I have not been to one for year.
If only :
Loved chatting with you today.
Thank you!
Its a difference from being in love  being stupid .
Obviously I'm neither .
I know I know
happy birthday kid ...
2 games today and another booked for sunday :
THANKS TAYARI for helping spread the word!
Bank of America badloan provisions at 2007 level
In addition to food  wine, we have fashion: is at our Food Truck Extravaganza, 1735 Hancock St.
Diva is eating a sandwich, i am finishing my coffee, will get doctorssed and get going to the food store for picnic items and then the lake :
What is rule 6 of the 10 Crack Commandments?
It sure was!
HAPPY ST.
PATRICK'S DAY!!!!
Join us for lunch and scarf down one of our delicious reubens, even if you aren't Irish...we won't tell ;
is my fav comedian cuz of how many times I have to remind myself while watchin him that they r just jokes.
he'sjustacomedianppl!
aww thanks girl!
Miss you!
yes, she is AMAZING :
They're messing with you RT clicked on the gamecast for BOS  KC and this was all it said Francoeur walked
Fck...some girl totally stomped and then stood on my feet while trying to maneuver her way past me into a seat....wtf
A hard pill to swallow...educating patients not to expose their skin to sun but believing we need up to 1,000 IU of D daily.
20 baker down with 25 minutes to go
your my role model
i really wanna start playing manhunt again...
Before you go, Could you love me just a little bit more, 1 more time.
Outoftowners looking to book tour dates in Okc?
check www.mybandsnextstep.com and click on 'tour requests'.
Well be happy to help you out!
Thanks to everyone for your support!
We sure missed you at the event, but Robby still made you a part of it!
:
met the ultra talented at work today.
best of luck to you and continued success!
Oil spewing into the gulf of mexico...
when will we learn?
We received our award notice from the CDC for a big HIV Prevention grant.
Huzzah!
we welcome you all thanks for the support and visit our website for more details on our artist Meech Dogg...
40?!?!
Welcome to the club darling.
Xox
Ridiculous leg workout.
Can hardly walk.
Getting better though.
u shoulda made your twitter name chickenHEAD
Just touched up my green eyeline
im happy with how things are going on
Abracadabra boom shaka day.!;D
of course it is!:
working on multiple projects and still filling out job applications.
Today looks like it will be very long.
OH: You had sex in my room?!
Yes, and you can too..
yippee thanks!!!
just need to get back to oakland, that's it  all
Can't wait to get my Shiv on tonight!
I'm on vacation
Thank you for the mentions
ok I wont to hear that new song y'all made
haha, I saw that yesterday, I can't do that and I'm 30, she was amazing
I almost left the house with a bottle of Jim Beam in my purse.
Good job, self.
Merry Christmas to all!
Bus made a wrong turn and went past Very bittersweet moment.
Never say you cannot afford something.That is a poor man's attitude.
Ask HOW to afford it.
Robert Kiyosaki
my brother is a member!
But he doesn't proselytize.
Tonight at 9pm on MPTV 10, a glimpse into the new life of Englands William and Kate, and what promises their future together hold.
Congrats!
Feeling overwhelmed and busy is usually awful, but it's a blessing for us actin' folk ;
Let me stop being honest all the time
How can James be MVP of the league  he not even MVP of his team
nowplaying This Part Of Town by Widespread Panic.
Wish Mikey was singin it though.....
Lingering lead the king of noodling lives on 4ever!
in all fairness, somebody left their golf clubs in your toilet and left you no choice
The Silk Tie likes Bobi!
We pride ourselves on selling ties : Want to look slick as ice?
The thriller in vanilla
Going home today...
Girls, I'm coming out soon with a women's hair and cosmetic line that is going to be fabulous!
Keep an eye out.
its the fact that I knew how to take this stain out without even thinking about it.
Being a theatre kid in high school paid off...
I refuse to play a game where the people running it cheat
's DOOMBAH EP just hit 5 on 's Indie dance charts!!
Front PAGE!
Thank you all so much.
I always confuse Bruce Vilanch and Judah Friedlander for some reason...
That dance on the ferry was awesome!!!!
Soo much fun!
3
Always nice to run into !
Hand delivered issue 100!
Panda Express?
I be on dat like fried on rice.
Hey what about me :D
Hey Rick, I'd like to learn more about The Pulse Network and the technologies you offer.
Can we setup a time to chat?
lol not at all.
Its Just somethin bout yall...
Smoking should be illegal
Virtual high five to
make sure you put the link for those who aren't ;
I need some news shows to watch.
Any suggestions?
We have teamed up with Dundalk location and will be giving away 500 IamTrayvonMartin hoodies today.
Stop by and get yours
lol.
I got a dope ass idea but i dont wanna show nobody yet
Awesome.
The 2 of u r a gr8 combo.
Still out here wishing you would listen and opinionate.
Continued success.
S
thanks for the shout out!
Xoxo
still can never defeat Somebody left the gate open.
which will never be better than Pay the doctors boy.
: Everyone wants what they can't have.
But if you begin to love what you have, you won't need anything else.
My 1k tweet went out to the first giirl who rolls for me.
Sorry for the quite delayed response.
Chicago is really nice.
I hope eveything is well.
Nice to meet you too!
Learned so much at the MetTricks event last night!
Thanks to all presenters!
Gotta love the life you live.
Speaking of recycling, do you still give away used wine stoppers?
I would love to grab more since I always give them away.
Thanks for all the help!
RT : Have an incredible time at ur wedding!
Congratulations!
GoTribe Let's play two.
when is your bday ...
Random question lol
Are you taking MG queries?
I'm pitching an Arthurian adventure with a nerdy, scienceloving heroine from California.
HA!
Gene Simmons can do no wrong at
Had fun with yesterday at the mall : Btw you ARE going :
to discuss early liquor store hrs today 11AM w/ special guest Sylvia Brown .
Politricks w/
stop what..
what sort of design were you lookin for?
lolwut I've had someone tell me they're gonna stretch my lobes with their dick.
Just saying, if you don't screw people over, you have a much less chance of being screwed over yourself...
not a cupcake maybe just a single candle
Then allow me to buy you a doctornk sir!
No, it's nini time.
My take away from Superbowl XLVI: Bob Costas is dehydoctorted...
has been for years.
JUST FOR A FUCKIN MOVIE AND CONCESSIONS!
Shit is outrageous!
professorssional communities publish fair use guidelines to help the courts know what's accepted in that community
...thinking how hungry I am  The 15th annual Festival Gourmet Int.
is scheduled for Nov.
12 to 22 in Puerto Vallarta/Riviera Nayarit.
You're there physically but not emotionally.
But that's gonna change.
My freckles are my friends!
Can you say that about your poop?
we should trend that when Trespassing comes out next Tuesday.
:
Between The Sheets 83  The Girls are Back In Town
Hey , Colts Super Car will b at Chase Near Eastside Legacy Center on Arsenal Technical HS.
Grt combo of , indy tradition!
Help your elder relative maintain their independence by looking for an elderly care agency like VisitingAngelsSanJose that fits their needs
thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to your tweets.
so awesome meeting you today!
See you Chicago.
Sounds like a plan, is a phrase that I hear from my clients more than any other.
I take that as a complement.
it was a great game..thanks NINERS..I'm so proud..congrats giants..

KENSTV w/ Cynthia Hamilton of for morning show promo of BITP2012 Bark in the Park/Perrito Grito
About to get a little under 6 hours of sleep.
Still twice as much as I got on Monday and Tuesday night.
no I never took a video of you with him!
Adele seems to have been with 20 highly serious dudes in 21 yrs.
Still love her, but if this all comes from one guy, don't want to be him.
Chocolate Dipped Strawberries are cupid's newest treat here for Valentine's Day...
it's been a hectic morning but it's slowing down now !
So it's good 
Aaron Burr.
Burr challenged Hamilton to a duel over his slanders bout the VP.
What if politicians still dueled over slander today?
Officially, no.
I'm obviously still a huge fan  go to lots of shows, but I've moved on careerwise.
You're coming in to see us today?
RT : YAHTZEE!
I can accept failure, but I can't accept not trying.
Michael Jordan
Vintage Matusow blowup?
Thank you so much!!!
Thank you to all that came out last night !!
SXSW is gonna be a blast!
Every time you open your mouth the world gets dumber!
Which NEH grant is supporting ShelleyGodwin Archive?
absolutely, we will have to bring my buddy , he is much better at mushroom ids than me!
whats up mama, im come out there tonight.
Eric Christensen is doing the sport on ch.
4 tonight.
New?
thank you for that.
People don't realise the contradictions they give producers.
naps really just make you more tired.
Yeah I'm in Florida with my cousin we just came back in.
About to head out again.
Kobe beef burgers with truffle oil and blue cheese with sharp white cheddar on top YUM
btw guess wht song i heard on the radio last night
Grabbing shoes and my keys!
: Starting decent into Hobby...
FOOLED YOU!!!
Tartar Control didn't break up!
We're still SUPER PALS!!!
As a matter of fact, we're practically siamese triplets!
lololololol I just laughed my ass off at that
Today is a good time to get in.
Next 2 days will be filled with back to school cuts.
Good luck to all of the back to schoolers out there!
Cellar Door
Thank you.
It's good to know we have wise, encouraging friends when things get tough.
:D hells yea.
This has been the longest 20 mins of my life.
C'mon United!!!!
thnx!
I appreciate the love!
Yeah, what size you need and I'll let you know what I have left
Enjoying salmon, Albacore tuna,  cod gives you omega3 fatty acids, beneficial for healthy vision
keeps you in shape
Just Made this Twitter about 4 Hours ago?
;D
Here is a joke of the eve!
Cameron white has scored 8 runs in his last 3 innings and still batting at No.3.
In that way virat is way far gud
Very cool.
Wow!
How long is the healing process?
Still in the desert?
Racism is dandy, but meth is candy!
motto of Broken Arrow residents opposed to Kialegee's casino.
if it doesn't doctorp here soon I will go.
Problem is my son is getting his adnoids out tomorrow and I gotta be there
Bob Marley on this beautiful day.
The life b.
the life.
TRUE LOVE Means:To FEEL someone in every HEARTBEAT, To FIND someone in every THOUGHT, To SEE someone with CLOSED EYES
Throat is raw from cheering on the Pack at the Georgia Dome but it was worth it!
GoPackGo !!!!!
This is awesome
Nice move by San Francisco getting a 3rd round pick next year
Happy Birthday to my brother from my other mother  ...festivities ?
Your personality is about as interesting as a scrap of cardboard
lol.
Actually it's what yu haven't been doing which is hitting me up!..
Explain yourself!..
Lol.
I don't get NBA TV but following and has been as great as watching the game.
We don't want people to forget to share what they thought of a place after checking in.
The 3 E's: Easy, Engaging  Entertaining!
dm your addoctorss
Went to Sleep wit Money on My Mind  Woke up with the Same!
BiggestShow Of My Life 2Nite ThankTheMan First , TheMissDelta,
Ha!
Sweet.
FYI, avg attendance last year; 119
I like that.
Makes the idea of running my business from an Air a little more realistic too perhaps.
Hey : good question.
NFL sponsors like Verizon helped us with a text/tweet campaign in SBVillage.Was on big screens.
Kevin wants one!
RT :
back at school?
Morning folks....
Preparing for the porc hangover
Not appreciating this morning's snow.
Forgive your self  then expect for them to forgive you.
This week I'm still reading North and South by Elizabeth Gaskell, and I'm starting The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins !
Sleep can wait.
There's an NHL playoff game on right now.
tHANKS FOR THE ADD.
FOLLOW THE SQUAD
I'm sure you can find some way to pay her back ;
I'm a reader in Cincinnati.
:
Immersed in jobhunting but managed to edit a v.
touching memoir project  get my new laptop wired, loaded,  running.
I heart friends/fam.
Is it FB official yet?
I take it State won?
RT : Hurt is often Relief.
OMGsh that sucker still hasn't arrived??
I would write a strongly worded letter to someone!
You have clothes to buy!
Xo
thanks very much Robert!
it's something dark...
not really sure, but it looks nice.
Hopefully she sounds good too.
Hard fought game, but Bills come up short.
2724 Giants.
thought it was suppose to b the olld book smell???
People piss me off, all I did was ask if you wanted to fight and your ass pussied out.
Wth!
Parents tell their kids that they can be anything they want to be.
However if they be what God wants them to be they will be more successful
ohok I'm in florida
seems to be a common thread here eh
I love this picture.
Given up everything for this music, because at the end of the day its not just music.
I call it making a way for my survival...
Don't go to the site that was on my DM if you got one Again I didn't send it!!!
I think it is a virus!!!!
Eating Subway:p
S/o to my bro im listenin to south dallas swag on PANDORA
I like this idea, Megan.
Each day send out an artist quote or two sentence factoid to followers of your museum
I have been overkilling the ellipses tonight.
Sorry twitter.
I am now just seeing this.
This really shows how much I've been checking my Twitter lately.
Thanks!
Why can't my mom be on time for anything?!
Lost in dicks..WHERE ARE YOU MOM
Hope that Genny Light hit the spot yesterday.
Great shirt!
tell them your eyebrows almost got scorched off from their doctorgon breath.
After midnight, make off like a bandit with 50 off grab and go from the day!
Come raid our pantry!
No its not.
And if he did get paint.
Still not.
Just paint.
chicken butt lolol
Bob Balfanz on chronic absence: This is like bacteria in a hospital  it creates havoc, and until we recognize it, we cant act against it.
thank you :
Another beautiful day to get after it.
Getting better everyday.
Let's get it
Stupid ass teacher !
Jesus quote Romans6:12 Sin must no longer rule in your mortal bodies, so that you obey the desires of your natural self.
Hey FAC Heads, come on in!
It's a beautiful Sunday!
Donate for three prerolls, receive one on us!
A refreshing bike ride.Cute baby rabbit.
Brief Twitter/FB break.Hot Earl Grey w/ cream  sugar.Now, an awakening eucalyptus bath soak.
Yes!
My air conditioning better get fixed bc I am dying didn't even sleep...don't mess with me today
Just finished Rework by Jason Fried  David Heinemeier Hansson, founders of 37 Signals.
Great book!!
Maybe they celebrate Halloween all year long :
In other words, I'm sitting next to a new lifelong Caps fan.
When there are three or four decisionmaking parties, announcing a deal between just two of them doesn't really mean much.
Thanks  just wanted to check.
We submitted a ticket via email.
I English with listening to a foregin guy!
:D
Happy National Pie Day!
Well...if I am boozing away I can't promise I won't try to peer pressure you :
Question is what happens if the government creates a monopoly using eminent domain and gives it to a private party?
So tired tonight...
Heading to Mangos to play in a few hours
DOWN.
I know some people in cincy we could crash with.
I cant believe how big Austin's career is getting: He better not forget the fans he had b4 he got big3 We Love U!
I kick myself for not taking a picture of this today but I saw Green Lantern, Robin and Supergirl cosplay at Free Comic Book day.
dedicated call back service for someone on satellite phone service that will allow them to save 100/month inbound call fee
me and homework are in a fight.
From the UCA Archives: The President's Home  Log Cabin Democrat
found a live performance in a classroom.
Not as smooth but still awesome.
Also found a video of all the singoff performances.
Wow
Wondering if anyone would be interested in sponsoring 589 for a subscription for my company.
I'd love you forever :

.i.love.chris.collins.
and its his birthday in 4 days : happy early birthday 3 tia
TIP WELL OR ELSE
haha me too!!
Thanks for the follow.
:
doctorw, would you keep trotting Matusz out there or let him spend 2012 in Norfolk?
Have a good year everybody !
I did.
Thank u!
I look forward to reading your blog and ur tweets.
Make it a bountiful week!
At the time I think he was commenting on Sinatra's attitude to media relations, especially the tabloid press.
Thanks!
: I'm working on the lyrics tonight, so we'll see how it goes.
Hope you're having a great evening!
im not sure cause my mom might get me tickets to see austin in new york
I'm pretty sure i am gonna fail finite considering I haven't been to class.....ever.
If you are interested, I could move some things around and do 11/3 or 11/17
Oh, wait!
Never mind re:Strange Daze request.
Just noticed the tweet about Rev It Up.
Can't wait to get my hands on the mini mag!
oh dear...
if i ever meet he's getting the biggest high five i've ever given anybody.
It's WebWiseWed!
This week we are discussing cyberbullying how can we help fight against it?
What can we teach our childoctorn?
Follow me 2, i follow back :
Whatever I just ate did not agree with me, I think I might barf
Putting two random words together will sometimes make you laugh really hard.
Vaginal belch.
Ass rag.
Butt munch.
Dick fart.
Uncle fucker.
I'm happy the Mavs won!!
James who!
hey rachel!
we tried to DM you back but you'll have to follow us first.
Came home for lunch and purposely made some toast and burnt it on the dark side.
smh thats why I mean to you.
PPF, w/ opengov colleagues pmo2012, hopes future opengovdata allows our apps to continue evolution from transparency to civic engagement.
What Haiti does need: A Trump Tower..lol!!
Yeah, been staying away from caffeine.
Surprisingly don't miss it.
Went out for breakfast and didn't want only water though.
Really liking 's new professorle page redesign
Respect the A's.
We Real BayBosses Fuck wit the A's I will take you out for a bag of peanuts
please please PLEASE!
You wont regret it!
is ratchet.
Hey stubby, sit down...
again
Boy you a sight to see kinda something like me ;
Hate that my flight was right during a game 7
hey you!!
Nice running into you the other day.
3
yea..that's wat i thought..Cause i doubt you cared about how hooking up can be easy peasy...haha
SHUT UP RY.
RT : OT anyone?
ducks HEY!
Who threw that?
Happy Friday ladies!
Keep building
Ahww it's adorable that is quoting Say Something!
CrewLove right thur
Just finish watching the thehungergames it was freaking awesome....
Very cool being in the same room as you last night and supporting a great cause in
Hilarious!
I can't believe Audoctory's old enough to be starting Kindergarten!
Holy Hannah, we're old.
do you want to go out??
I had to get the guts to do it, but I am NOT afraid of this answer, I love you
Not feeling well today...
And the lack of energy is not helping...
Good morning everyone have a great Tuesday!
I'm sure I'm not the only one who thinks MaryMary's mgr is annoying?
Wether He is saved or not doesn't matter.
Anyhow who was their mgr B4?
Not yet.
I will.
Won't get anywhere but worth at least trying.
Getting ready for Thanksgiving?
Tell us about your favorite holiday dish.
I'm done wandering around my apartment.
Give me something fun to do.
12th district damage assessment.
Trees down Howard, Central, 26th, Federal, Barclay.
Be careful!
Barbara Colorose If you cant solve it its not a problemits reality.
Excited to receive a shipment of breads from Erick Schat's Bakery this week.
Fond childhood memories enjoying their famous cheeze bread.
suspendweber simple as that
Texas!
Temporarily..
who in your family is a polish?
:
should use that with your bio for all project pitches
Dear men, we dont want to see your manties...
Please, pull up your pants and buy a belt.
See Broncos played Pats pretty close in regular season in Denver.
complete for spring, thank you everyone!
Guys follow she's super sweet!!!
He also said J'covan's freethrows to cut it to ten w ten secs to play were big.
Thought I was losing it.
ATTENTION PLEDGES: New pictures are up from today's meeting!
Go tag yourselves!
salute to keepin it real yet still doin his thing
he then spoke very sternly against Romney.
Basically he said, don't get it twisted.
Ever since I met you , it hasnt been the same, all you've got me doing is doctorwing hearts around your name 
When Jersey Shore meets bratfest: Brata bing, brataboom.
wouldnt use the app with u just students
3.
you ignoRE me always like srsly I promised you warheads.
I broke my kindle's digitizer.
Then I punched the wall and ended up denting it.
Last night in the US.
Will miss everyone.
Ours weren't auto locking 1989 in Guam but the 4x4 was awesome.
New guys got to go out and lock the hubs in the mud
welcome girl u gettin on too??
anna
But Im Ready To Go Home Tho
Great connecting with you today, T.J.!
Politicians and mistresses ...
how can anyone ever act surprised?
hey James nice performance, gonna vote for u, for sure !!!!!!!!
ohh my gosh picture pleasee :D
Well deserved Editing Girl With doctorgon Tattoo
Its been way to long since I've been at my yia and ninos house therez only way way to do it right kings cups with the fam...
Yeeeee
I did but I didn't get to do what I planned
Step 1: doctor.
Step 2: new shoes.
Step 3: Portland Marathon.
he's posting pics from his bike crash last year.
Can't imagine how tough it was for both of you
Need a cuddle buddy..
How 'bout dem Cards?!
This is more like it!!
such a Negative Nancy your last two tweets!
Battle bedoctorom boredom  with playful new approaches to sex.
WiFi available for SFIMA Summit  Select Guest network
Its hard for me to get out of bed :
Yesterday I ran for the first time in a few months.
Today I found those muscles that I lost.
I guess I won't mention the very messy live cross to Katie Couric either...
I am no longer using Instagram
Hahaha!
I think I just 'soiled' myself.
GoHome Stop fronting.
I already know you can't hang.
I was wondering what the fuck they was saying too but opps...this user does not exist.
Yeah bitch u better not have a crush on them.
U can call them cute tho cuz thats true ;
One week from today!!
Omg i cant believe he just did that!!!
That shit is ridiculous lol RT: When people put pictures of their own selves sleeping ....
Lol WhatAreYouDoing
ISLE rocked today.
I was invigorated by all the conversations.
Thanks so much for hosting!
Hey!
I was going to text you about the concert, but I won't have my phone for a few days...its broken.
So can you DM me your email?
ah.
doctorid here.
You forgot about Jeff Fisher.
Thanks for the follow !
Let us know if we can ever help with finding volunteers!
iPhone v.1.9 coming out today.....Andoctorid v.0.98 still in beta.
Let me know if you want to test!
watching ninja warrior and i just realized japanese girls scream for everything and its annoying me
omg how much more lame can our school get?
I just want you that's it.
All your flaws, mistakes, smiles, giggles, jokes, sarcasm.
Everything.
I just want you.
Show tomorrow night at triumph brewing company.
2nd and Chestnut.
It's a stoplight party!
would you rather eat frog legs or doctornk beatle juice?:
Today might be Friday the 13th, but it'll be your lucky day if you write for even just a little bit.
lol!
my mom will watch them on TV with me but she wont come to the concerts xD but shes coming to MSG with me cuz my friends wont
One more hour and my work week is overwill for now
Full  sleepy now
making a video to introduce Hell Yeah Studios...and a few video tips, and some comedy, and I've been left alone in Suzanne Evan's office
YOU'RE FIRST SINGLE IS COMING OUT?!
I can't believe this.
I remember watching you on ShootUsDown with Alex.
So proud :'
Make the most of yourself, because that's all the self you are going to get, mister
John Kao and Jim Collins at ASTD discuss discipline and innovation on keys to success
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
26hours !!!!
: 21
theworldsgreatestdjs its time we salute the dj.
Want to Volunteer at the games this year??
Spots we have open: Lifeguard: 2 Kitchen: 1 Event Staff: 2 Dining Hall: 23
Go Cubbies!
RT The Cubs are 96 in the last 15 games, good for the secondbest winning percentage in National League since April 21.
everytime i play attila my little brother punches things and hits his head against the wall O.o i think he's gonna be a mosher ': hahaha
Did you tweet me and then delete it?
That is classic Tammy.
Happy Xmas all!
All men are idiots And I married their king.
I disagree.
Him being blk was his saving grace, b/c if he were white he would have been fired and not just suspended.
Oh my!
Maybe it wasn't.
will you put up a picture ?
:
I don't know if I'll go to another grocery store that is not my regular one again  15 minutes to find PB is too much!
Making Fancy Ramen.
' if you go carrying pictures of Chairman Mao, you aint gonna make it anywhere, anyhow.'
The 3yr old heard Matt  Kim on the radio and asked if it was alien music.
My AT world lately: Appropriate AssistiveTech recs for students seem doomed to fail for parents unless recs include an
Nice work Who doesn't love monkeys?
Intermission!
The citizens of Coriolanus remind me of the 99 sometimes.
It'd be an interesting staging.
Lovin Saturday so far nothin to do : lovin it!!!
Need to get out the house tho :P
It's CHESTNUT and 18th, folks!
That's amazing.
I'm so happy.
Day 2 of being at home sick.
I keep having chills, headaches and my body feels like a old man when I move...
This is not cool :
In need of some sleep
lunar eclipse...
YOU KNOW WHERE IT'S AT :
RT : Gratitude affects your Attitude.
Be grateful for what you have now.
feeling really crappy...
Blech totally don't want to go to school tonight.
From the 65 questions in the test, I only knew about 3 I'm fucked.
Lol
Wouldn't it be great if people looked like their personalities?
it would make finding good, genuine people a lot easier
Omg!!!
Got some letters from admirers agent office....
I think it was for kiele Sanchez theGlades lol!!!
tell me about it lol
Rt: theres nothing in the rules that says a mogwai cant play basketball
love you too : 
: Put dennisDixon in word.
What?
Thanks for letting me know.
Any chance of a link to this imposter.
I'm pretty sick of this tbh.
Love you.
Hope you and Laura are having a kick ass time at TBS.
Miss you both lots and make sure to call when a good jams on.
I just had to clean my bathroom......
EW!
The second time I've had to do it ever!
Icky :
get to 400 followers she follows back
..Btw, that was the Spurs last loss, too!
14 straight wins since then, and counting!
GoSpursGo!!
what did everyone think of the jets upsetting the steelers yesterday?
right back atcha
That Message When Your Suppose To Send hahahahahahaha But Then Get Over Excited Nd Send hahahahahaaaaahhaahah
To better the lives of others is one of your life's greatest rewards
is more than Somebody That I Used To Know, but whenever I hear this song
I fear that the place I was put up at on Sunday had bed bugsI am so paranoid right now!
Bedbug Registry is fueling my fear.
:
so much doctorma at my school.
4 Fights in one week seriously.
It sucks especially when 2 of them are your best guys friends.
Dear Carla, ILOVE YOUR FANFIC GIRLIE.
WE read each others: heh.
We talk mor than I talk to some of the ICONiacz on here LOL.
Love, Tatsiana
Industrious/industrial day: lots of writing, Meat Beat Manifesto, and Wax Trax!
Black Box
Perk  Ibaka aren't ready for Bynum  Gasol!!
Not if they play like they did tonight..
Agenda for Social Customer 2011  June 2324, 2011 in Chicago is set.
Will be a fun event!
Everytime I think about the trying times in my life I hear God telling me it's going to get better!
One more time ft
Very cool!!
We're huge fans!
Pacers better win tonight!!!
I'm pretty good at learning how to do things.
Show me or tell me once and I've learned it.
I even have enough of a brain to figure out most
The votes have been counted and the results are in to our Brewers' Olympics!
doctormisterll please
yeah huge idiot regardless
3WordsForYou Kiss My Ass.
You alright nigga?
love it!!
Those sapphire earrings!
EarringEnvy RT : AwardWorthy Jewelry, featuring , and MORE!
Final 5 shows, you guys!
RT : Tonight: seeing You Are In An Open Field.
Absolutely !
Thanks for sharing the opportunities!
you're a life saver
It's okay...You can Like me...I don't bite...not Fatally anyway...Lol!
I need to plan a trip, gotta have something to look forward to!
Good thing you got on then, :
yea brother!
I'm doing well.
U?
Introducing students to MelissaHarrisPerry .
Clip I'm using has similar topic to JaySmooth clip .
I wonder if reactions will be the same?
Programming commission error getting worked out.
Also credit merchant changed for better rates.
Launch moved to the 20th of Dec or sooner.
it sure is .
.
.
I am excited for it to start, I've already watched all of the prework videos!!!
so proud of the mayor.
wussup wit it boo
totally cliche but Boston is one of my favorite songs period
c'mon brittany step up your game.
Just make a phone call upstairs!
Lol
Thanks for the questions.
Hopefully we'll do it again soon.
Live blog is done 12 hours  52 minutes to go.
Not gonna lie today's games were rather disappointing, my bracket didn't help.
yes perfect
Geraldo: You cannot rehabilitate the hoodie.
: finna spend my night wit my cousin she is so damn gorgeous!
THANKS MY LOVE!!
;
Just finished dinner now some couch time with my baby :
The U.S.
Department of Justice is reportedly in the early stages of an antitrust inquiry into Apple's digital retail music business.
so effing good......ugh!!
Beyonce  awesome coverletter writing music.
thanks for the shout out!
: esp.
appreciated by a longtime devotee lisa
Take care of yourself.
It takes a dedicated team to accomplish what I'm tryin to do.
Patience is a virtue, but its time to work right now.
2Hungry right now...
T.G.I.F.
Who needs a cocktail?
canadians are too polite, can't have a proper argument
Tune in Sunday at 9AM and download the Live 365 app!
RT Low key sad I missed PrettyProgessive I was in class
The first five days after the weekend are always the toughest.
Right.
Issue is when you goto conferences with limited plugs it's easier and proper etiquette to use extension to not block ports.
Makin flan de leche for spanish class its a caramel custard anyone know a good recipe ??
cause I think everyone could hear us.
x it's when were silent that makes it suspicious.
aw how come?
just sent you one back
I also hear sword fighting is back in...
are you hinting at something?!
hahah
That's.
Awesome.
Obama budget would stop subsidized loans to students at 150 of enrollment time.
Wonder if that would really help?
Thanks for the follow !
How long until you offend me?
Ouch!
RT Will do everything in my power 2 stop from raising taxes on working families, small business ppl  investors
RT if you're still awake!
if u get jammed up, DONT MENTION MY NAME!
My stomach HURTS for laughing so much this morning.
It actually feels like Friday!!
Mfs stay on the Heat head...
Like they opinion matters.
smacks lips / rolls eyes
you too!!
America's Got Talent 
hey are we gonna go?
end of June!
I'll be in colo springs!
Big THANK YOU to for joining us today.
Clark, is a must read...must follow, NFL insider.
Hope to chat again soon Clark!
haha, just connected through the marvelous world of twitter : Greer, I miss you!
I'm plotting a Clifftop return...
Cleaning with a bottle of MarkWest love me some vino
That gotta suck....
And whyt is it?
Dudes that brand themselves online and follow their passion through blogging.
Dorian's in Canada and i'm stuck here studying for finals.
What kind of sick joke is this?
2 5's on number 5.
Now onto a 235 par 4 into the fan.
we leave for two minutes and you guys start doing the fun stuff
It's be young niggas who make me sick
Rockets won, fun show.
Good day sir.
Out of all the tremendous blessings in my life, one of the greatest blessings is YOU.
Beat 15,000,000 then come talk to me.
we just need to fight .
lol
How come all fine bitches think they model...
like foreal thats a talent or is it a excuse to not get an education
I don't regret anything just wished I made wiser decisions
I thinks its safe to flip to wrestling....no way the RedSox can blow this.....right?
Horrible stomachache!!!
I will!
Savannah  Jared are beating us on cuteness.
We have to step up our game, babe.
we're featured in the iTunes newsstand as New and Noteworthy, and Staff Pick in the Apple App Store!
: I wonder if we'll still know each other when we're older This is the thought thats been on my mind lately.
Sorry.
Just needed to let that out.
Join us next week for a free public program.
Thurs 1/12, 7 pm  Illustrated Lecture Terry Castle: Inside or Outside?
Collecting Outsider Art
: have a safe doctorve I will...thx mama!!!
try creating a folder, put the docs in the folder, then share the folder.
And big ups to Association for the EXCELLENT music panel this morning.
Glad I made it to this one.
Get quotes for auto motorcycle, ATV, RV, homeowners, renters, condo, mobile, home, flood, boat, umbrella, life, and commercial insurance.
!
yayayayayay!
You are a lucky man!
She is a lucky girl!!
Yay!
follow.back
I had a fashion doctoram!
And it starred in a smashing doctorss!
Praying for Jonah
Great job on your speech at the Fight for Freedom dinner tonight.
do you have gum, by any chance?
the Orioles bullpen ERA has been Berken'd
2 subgoals of this VA visit: 1.
Mosberth's Chicken and 2.
Buy the best peanuts on God's grey earth.
Just heard that Heartland Institute is funded by Koch to further the research on climate change...by research I mean to undermine science.
Real Housewives of Atlanta marathon on Bravo today!
Glad to know you
Liam's on station north soft opening, tomorrow stop on by!
i know you aren't pat.
just don't say that to girls, show them instead lol
hi big brother
its looking more like curation than writing nowadays
at the at the same time, you attract what you project..talking about doctorgs and murder lands you dead or in jail
hey!!!
please follow me :
I don't have a lot of patience for the willingly stupid.
I, too, am better behind the scenes.
I make calls/write.
Daily.
.okay, I'm finally getting sleepy..
Thanks Rob!
Hey, let us know if you ever have a customer appreciation day!
We'd love to help you feed your peeps!
I'll be honest, my greatest achievement today was actually getting out of bed.
I think it's just a membership pitch.
Aren't they announcing the lineup on like the 16th or 17th or so?
am looking forward to the 30day bonus!
2 hrs of sleep isn't cuttin it for me at work i stay in a constant daze
The Suns lead the Spurs 8884 with 8:12 left.
The Suns' Steve Nash has 8 points and 7 assists.
Shannon Brown leads the Suns with 21 points.
I can't tell if she did it or not
maybe i need to move there?
My weekendoctorad is My Mother She Killed Me, My Father He Ate Me: Forty New Fairy Tales.
And homework!
Lots of homework.
So true: life changed for me Thur w/ a fellowship w/ !
RT Remember: life can change in a day.
Stay positive!
I dont think that would be any better....
I understand relationships has its bumps in the road but I can't stand when ppl say relationships are suppose to be hard.
RT : Im done w/ ALL doctorma , im letting EVERYTHING that ever happened GO .
Life is too short to dislike anybody in my life
when unsure what to listen to I fall back to the Contemporary SingerSongwriter station on Pandora, always plays something I'll like.
Better picture please

Behind every successful woman is HERSELF.
Easton the 27th with my family  After Christmas shopping !
cantwait :
Dear cupid, next time hit us both.
Thumbs up, girl!
have you guys heard the new song The Sound of a Million Memories?
Love it!
hey buddy, anytime!
Get at me soon we'll doctornk it up!
Sabbath is the highlight of my week .
Thank you Lord !
JP Morgan Chase has lost 19 Billion dollars in value since Friday ...
glad I skipped that stock purchase ...
:l
Eek, I'm loving it so far!
is now the longestrunning QAM for kohails.
Gets round of applause, which made him blush.
Get Online
i had a glass of cereal...and a bowl of milk...: ur turn to do something wierd and unusual..teehee
How about Donkey Hotey from mister Rogers?
that's what I think imma get!
Ha
lol it's not like I'd do you niggas' laundoctor.
like WHO THE FUCK BLED ON STAGE LAST NIGHT!?
EW WHY IS THERE WHITE STUFF
ill never get tired of saying this..
I FREAKINN LOVE 3
I'll be sure 2 check out those videos.
There's not much going on at work right now I could use something 2 pass the time lol
thanks for the mention you made our day :
I feel like I always have issues with Hopefully this will be the last occasion I have to use it!
NEW VIDEO IN 0 MINUTES!!!:D :D :D
The significance of catching a grenade and bringing me a chocolate covered strawberry are pretty much interchangeable in my mind.
I hope kendall here and look at me I love you
Be a great listener.
Take a step back  actually hear what your partner has to stay,  keep your twocents to yourself.
RT :  I are thrilled; This Friday's MKElikemind  on SM in Egypt, etc...
Played basketball 2day and ate some ribs
...any child of mines.
Describe what it's like Hosting your Radio Show during the Week?
Precursor to wedding.
Oldschool cocktails with and ali at ranstead room in philly.
Ultimate WarriOrange Juice
Reading materials for our 2011 Summer Institute for Teachers were mailed to three teachers in Poland who are sponsored by the U.S.
Embassy.
is a gr8 gym w best rates in the city.
25 off computer repair for card carrying 12th St Gym members!
needs to come back to san antonio texas.
They haven't been back since what happenedat boozle, san antonio needs atl love too!
It has to do with how someone feels.
well same here jus thee opposite :
So, you didn't need that med soon or anything, did you?
Today im off the ActRight so get yo act right.
Also, animals like to be eaten.
it sounds like it.
Based on Bo's response, he just wants a reasonable explanation TO the school..
Reflections on Life by Rev.
Sue: Whose kitchen table can you picture?
Have you gotten clean for a good cause today?
5 of all of our sales go to Project Transitions!
Come on in!
Just met with the people who run the Diamond Empowerment Fund.
Thanks for the bracelet guys
YOU BEST START WAKING UP MISTER!
My ears are still ringing...
:
welcome!
Let me know if I can be of assistance in any way.
I'll be there Sunday too
I sent out a call for day O sound through Jim Cummings  it is being posted on the WFAE and ASAE list serves.
no in the car seat is jabril , alaina is in the house pictures
WOW!
We've got a lot of new friends over the last few days.
If you didn't already know we specialize in greek, organization  event apparel!
Ad spotted on a billboard: Don't you wish your boiler was hot like me?
love your music
See?
I missed my run today.
THAT may just be the root of today's evil!
Happy Mommy Day ladies!
These parallel convos were fun to wake up to.
New strategy for when I have to eat McD big breakfast: mix hashbrown with egg brick.
Happy Easter!
Don't forget our Easter bottle hunt going on until tomorrow at noon PST!
Good luck.
It's lame compare to the DC ADVENTURE TIME!
thank You Monster.!!
3
Irvin was arrested after his pro day...nuff said...stupid pick
awesome!
I love !
:
true...the director/writer could have gone brighter thou and had same affect and better financial result for film.
Let the countdown begin ...
100 days until Olympic Opening Ceremonies!
Don't u just hate when u skip a good song on accident...dammit pandora
Go I inside more use our big men
how is nickelback still a thing?
Triple Overtime baby!!!!
Lets Go Rangers!!
its an awesome day here at girard,thx to youthbuild,sat.environ.academy, vol corps, lots of neighbors!
I dont dislike any females.
Anybody I hate are guys!
Fuck them niggas.
facebook marketplace is very slow...
srsly...I know I would too.
gotta spend some money on Overdoctorve books.
NOW!
what fun!!
I don't even understand myself, I act without thinking then I regret my decision..i won't make it in life like that
I officially hate oral surgery
Getting ready to go camping!
Note to grads: I am positive because of YOU and your generation on campus.
FH
Websites do not use SSL for every request, except webmail services like gmail, since the extra computation makes serving more expensive.
mine to i think
No problem.:
You can tweet Rihanna, but not me?
I mean, I mostly understand that.
But bitch, I know you.
Finally my little nigga is home 
Welcome!
See you in the library!
RT Orientation 2011 starts tomorrow!
Looking forward to meeting some new transfer students
i'd rather they just shop for me...
RT : And they can wash your car while you shop !
kobe dont care what ppl say where as lebron doesnt want 2hear negative things, thats why he vanishes in the last secs of games
Really annoyed with certain people..
Be grateful I'm still here smfh
sweet baby jesus
I would rather discover one scientific fact than become King of Persia.

you mean iron girl!
;
dang.
Hope you're able to convince them to let you keep it in!
NC State  NCSU Wolfpack is trending all over the world !
This is weird.
dammit faddah...there's stuff in my eyes now!
A lot of stuff!
Seriously though, thank you.
That meant a lot to me :
yum, thanks!
Air pollution 'kills 13000 a year' says study  Nursing Times
Running at the park :
I herd there's a world tour you guy's will be doing????
Is it ture if so I'm so going!!!!
Yep, and it was the Mother of one of my daughter's friends.
Pick up at school tomorrow should be interesting.
No biggie follow back!
T : thanks for the follow
Have you ever tried setting aside a day where you spent NO money?
It's not as painful as it sounds.
I have a feeling on the last day of school..everyones tweets will be summer...!!!!!
great
Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem.
We all have twentyfourhour days  Zig Ziglar
Wow, Duke and Memphis maybe out but at least Missouri, my birth state, is still in it.
Who would have guessed March would be like this?
B.B.
Excited for my interview today!
If you're ever in jobsearch slump, remember that there are infinite opportunities that pop up unexpectedly.
Girls with boyfriends are the kind I like, I'll steal your honey like I stole your bike
I think one of my favorite things about Thanksgiving is seeing cars with families inside 3 woo family.
Get your resumes in tip top shape TONIGHT at our resume workshop at the campus center rm.
148!
Come to impress!
Love you little brother with your old, wise eyes.
My kingdom for a can of Static Guard.
Because they are always pissing an moaning about other people and their invisible friends.
You can never be afraid to fail!
Let the entrepreneurial spirit inside each and everyone of us be free.
Next acquisition Insha'Allah ?.
Counting down to Something To Do On A Wednesday Til You Get Really Famous Night with
please follow me : thanks!
Ning
I think I'm stuck searching for Music artist I could use for my show tonight.
There's nothing else to do really.
shrugs
MT Googles D.C.
head talks female leadership cc
The room got as quiet as if a needle had been lifted off a record.
William Lindsay Gresham, NIGHTMARE ALLEY
hey there sunshine, how's ptown?
How long are you here?
This time last year, I was building a potato launcher with for AP Physics...Oh the wonders of hairspray and lighter fluid.
nigga basically said he not burning now but he was burning then ol usher as nigga Kera it burn
The Hand of CROM sketchblog is updated.
Go check out some ideas floating in my head.
www.steveknerem.blogspot.com
The truth is a virus
I've noticed that when you dance you always do that one dance move with your fist going up  down.
Haha :
She Want u...but i got u
How to recognize the call?
// RT Are you doctorven or called?
There's a vast difference.
Lisa kudoctorw's The Comeback has got to be one of the funniest shows I've ever seen
The employees at Chili's and Applebee's need to have a death match.
The world does not have room for both Shitbag restaurants.
Having the money to afford fashion doesn't mean you have style
Feels weird to be single after 5 years of being taken...
sucks that he could end it all so quickly.
Seems surreal...
time to cowboy up.
any update on the video, how's the green screen working?
Just spent a few hours w/ Noah  some friends sending paint balls down range.
Great time.
I highly recommend Gorilla Paintball in FL.
Happy Easter!
Hope everyone gets stoked out on Jesus and/or Peeps today!
Thanks to Matthew Dwyer for backing Gears!
Unless someone hits me with something absolutely monumental, I won't just copy verbatim.
RT : Hunter Cervenka has some velo but control issues and not much secondaries.
Fringy guy, not even related to Exene.
Dinner time is about to begun.
Are you ready for the fun and great deal for everyone?
OH If anyone can Tweet from the afterlife it will be Steve Jobs
Omg its getting so low
Mild success with our week one picks...
have ya seen the video yet?
Today is the last 241 Tuesday in August  make your appointment now!
I live for the day the Christmas Pageant can have crustaceans!!
Tara Reid didn't really get married?
You wiley party girl you.
If you give me a billion dollars, we can fuck.
2012 film watching 8.
Play Time.
This film just puts me in a good mood.
The blu ray from Criterion is gorgeous!
My coworker almost got my Bible up side her head for trying to hold a convo w me and I was CLEARLY praying.
I'm doing it for the stickers
Got me a summer job!
Picking Ohio to make it to the sweet sixteen 
MindBlown RT : ray allen missed a free throw???
lxml textcontent method grabs the text, ignores nesting
bore day like always on twitter
Lin is the greatest player ever.
Christopher Schäffer, SPHRCA, CPP, NOVA  Dulles SHRM member, is apptd to SHRM's Total Rewards/Comp Benefits Special Expertise Panel.
Y u show no love ?
I partially take that back.
Would be cool if ONLY the finale was found footage.
It would add an immediacy to it.
haha thanks!
Quick FYI, your beating be by quad digits in checkins.
I gotta get back in the game!
It's really hard trying to force myself to eat at 5:306am before work when I'm just not that hungry this early.
I'm sick to my stomach.
6 seconds.
Carlson is soft.
How the hell does that happen?
I hear RBNY are going to get him, him coming doesn't excite me at all, rather a old striker/midfielder than old def player
Group of us stay there and play every year in June.
Really enjoy it.
I want to do a diaper doctorve in October or November.
I need some help from other groups.
oh.
Well..
You know how I am..
I get jealous.
Everybody thinks of changing humanity, and nobody thinks of changing himself  Leo Tolstoy.
I miss you to bro
I still support my team...only now I know how you've been feeling all these years staying loyal to a sucky team....
Common Ground  Kansas Climate and Energy Project
I'm the tonguetied librarian from NOLA.
It's time!
Power Rangers Samurai is on RIGHT NOW!!!
RT 
they stopped so im good lol
Seriously considering having a garage sale with all the clothes I don't want in my room right now
Sitting by a nice fire on a chilly evening, being mesmerized by the PBS show National Parks.
Feeling blessed, hopeful and ambitious.
:
If we didnt have a movie date tommorow id think u were lien RT : lol , I  you too !
Agreed.
Cuse needs to fire their NCAA compliance guy.
But we've still got a great, deep team and we'll have a good run.
I think so.
Anecdotally, 80 does not combine well with falls and breaks.
Probably can back that up with research...
Are there people out there who actually enjoy doing work, or is productivity a social construct towards which some are just more inclined?
The ebook announcement is lighting fires under some asses.
and URAA will lead to benefits to owners.
On the other hand .
.
.
Yeah, it keeps 'unfollowing' people and my friends keep asking, Did I do something to unfollow me?
I've lost pics too :
FYI: Youngblood has a new mailing addoctorss...
PO Box 1850 Milwaukee, WI 53201 Now you know where to send the checks.
:
SUMMER PASTURE is a unique love story of Tibetan nomads as their way of life gives way to modern world.
On MPTV 36 at 10.
your welcome!
But Jehovah had no respect for Cain or his offering, which enraged Cain, hurting his pride.
which part?
Get to Louis!
But a computer is jus a stupid mechine without any real substance...it really needs ME to b special...
Vegas, oh how I hate you right now
if u looking for late night craving?
Visit
I guess that makes friendster the atlantis of social media...
good and chill day even though i missed the car show
you have to go to richmondy events to get a RVA sticker.
They will prolly give them out at riverrock ...
???
Video production is a skill of creating a content, carrying out the video editing and finally polishing that video to craft a finished.
Got my printer back from being fixed and it still won't work right.
Now Ill be at least a week without a printer.
Dammit!
come to providence and play DGAF!
thanks Leanne.
Will do
So happy with my life.
I actually love you.
somuch 3
Ugh these fucking Green Worms Is Getting On My Nerves
Kforce is hiring a Sr.
Java Developer who can produce scalable Java  Scala services from product requirements  designs...
Fiscal.responsibility is 4th priority.
Must talk about pension security.
If you're not getting a 'yes' then you're not getting enough no's.
Keep smiling.
I C YAL GOING HARD KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
i seriously think zayn might have worn mascara before.
pictures of him from ages ago just make it look like he has eyeliner/mascara on.
Coming to NY in May  June.
Can I stop by Etsy's office and meet your team?
Email andoctorw simplegeo.com if you wanna set it up
No worries Simon, great sound
Gah He's On To It .
What's the point of a high school reunion?
I have Facebook.
I already know you got fat.
oh wow, full house!
Good for you.
doctornk a cup for me, wouldja?
All out here and my roommate is a...
shudder TEA doctorNKER.
For testing the bodymedia fit you will get to keep it afterwards.
Please message me if you want it
I got OKC winning
hand that boy some kettle bells or a TRX.
Ok, maybe just medicine ball throws.
meant hookers because they are hanging on hooks, not because of their professorssion.
It's a storage issue.
Rio De Janeiro Stripping Away 39;Visual Pollution39;
Loving the rain :
I am tired, but ready for tomorrow!
I can't believe Michael was bumped from the top five by Mason Mason?
Seriously?
I live for myself not yall so what you think really don't matter
Boo allergies
My favorite!
RT Did I put the Beastie Boys' Girls on 's wedding mix?
You're damn right I did.
Georgetown, Louisville, Marquette all beg to differ.
Keep it up, Rich!
Pedal power!
Best of luck 2 our volunteers 2day!
looking 4 your doctoram gown, we hope u find ur lucky charm!
waving hello early to everyone  blacklitchat.
is special guest tonight.
Welcome!
thanks for the mention.
Niall: Cute  Irish.
Liam: Sexy  Smart.
Harry: Hot  Dangerous.
Zayn: Quiet  Mysterious.
Louis: Funny  Adorable.
TRUE
Thanks for all the RTs today
You have a remarkable background as a healer.
I'm happy to now be connected with you.
don't forget the x factor: luck.
It's only .5 of the equation but you can't reach the top without it.
My mom.
Said jinxx was hot.
Holy fuck.
RT : Aquarius are known to have high sex doctorves....
I bet you look great with curls!
It's like a clown car w/ all of the gang crammed in Annie's office.
And 4 more ppl still to come.
Festive.
my friends can be soo funny!!
why no contacts?
Oh come on now I'm sure ya look great!!
:
I cant tell u wats good but I can tell u wats up...
thank you for the cold food, fifteen minute wait for coffee, lack of care from the servers, and the disregard for customers
Good morning, good night.
xo
its not here its cool
You don't screw the roommate agreement!
The roommate agreement screws you!.
doctorSheldon Cooper
fuck the swoosh gang
WHEN IN DOUBT, FREAK 'EM OUT!
yooo man whats up.
Keep making dope music.
We should collabo
ill see you monday at 6
If you still don't believe that the War on Women is real, watch Rachel take on Alex Castellanos on MTP.
WOW.
What an asshole he is.
Is it considered odd to hug ur cleaning lady because I really would like to hug mine right now.
Anyone living w/a hoarding MIL will relate
Have a great seminar.
Want your impressions.
Dana  El Cajon
Towson town center u always amaze me...
By the way, you are extremely late !!
Lol!
thank you for ur help.
U helped windfall raise a good amount of money :
Yes Home at last :D
Hey nice to see you on Twitter.
Love recording at the Hatch.
People be trying to trick me into becoming a monitor tech.
Wtf assholes?
Rush Limbaugh outraged that he's just learning what was actually in the preface of Obama's book in 1995.
I miss you to 3
.
Kirk Cameron is a fucking idiot
nothing at all!!!
your welcome.
:
Trying to figure out how to sign up for your San Francisco event this Saturday!
Football, Brunch, and Endless Mimosas!!
Sounds like a pretty good Sunday Funday to me!!
Big City Tavern...
Best on the Blvd!!
;
I hate it when your boys sit around and brag about all thier girls , keep your shit to your self brah
I think Travis Ishikawa just made in his pants.
Make sure you check out my NCAATourney Breakdown at majorleaguesportstalk.con
Wash.
uses emergency cash to curb whooping ...
247 Health News
Happy Mother's Day....
and my birthday, and I was the firstborn.
My mother's first mother's day was a paradox.
All about my dough but I don't even check the peephole
Tv muted..
dont want to hear about Sttasburger ..
Don't front nigga you know you want these goodies RT : Yeah see i don't like your balls!
Your not my type!
Lmao
Starting off right greatservice!
Photoshoot today and it starts to rain Seriously LA, like right now?
CLE is winning!
Going into the 6th.
lol oh I get it now
Everything you do, is super duper cute and I cant stand it.
don't forget Excalibur tonight for one off
sounds like something a phillies bullpen member would say
Ian Stewart WEB GEM
Fuck you bitch
Ok cool.
Thx!
How's everyone doing today?
oh gosh, you've joined Twitter.
This is bad.
lol.
but idk what to tell you!
I can say that you suck so far with 0 followers!
haha
Jeri is designing the worst pinball machine ever on Visual Pinball.
bro you can always txt me if you need someone
Welcome to the party!
Better late than never...
Be sure to follow the Twitter to my upcoming action film which starts production in a few weeks.
we could do midland!!
Is Mcnett working?
If you need more than 256GB, you can always store video and photos on an external SSD.
Beautiful day in New England!
Time to enjoy the city before the big game.
I EVEN KNOW Some GAY People saying it's wrong for Gay Marriages and it's all about the Money they told me, What a Scam!!
I hate you.
yeah lol they went to like couples counseling with Tracy and her boyfriend Corey:
Lets Go Bowling tomorrow!!!
The joy of playing a sport in a cool air conditioned facility.What could be better?Check the HFC calendar
Love your user name, great sense of humor.
thanks bro!
But you're young, I started at 19 ha.
Just go with it .
3
I think fell asleep on me :
Smh get off my twitter now!
Lol
Great, looking forward to meeting you too!!
the MM's are okay though 
Congrats!
Just saw you hit over 40k followers!
Does this mean sale in your shop??
Also, hooray for CA.
why would someone pay double the price it costs?
no thank you.
Who's know what's the name of Justin In the app viddy.?
obligation smashion ;P
Control your bitch.
Her vagina is flopping everywhere.
Today is officially KATE KLEBES  KACIE HOFFMAN Day.
They kick ass, are consistently hard workers,  2 of the cutest people I have ever met.
Bitches always falling inlove never accomplishing there own doctorams.
greatest idea ever, state of KY vs state of NC doubleheader, alternating years between UL/UK and UNC/Duke...
this has to happen!!!
Guns N' Roses Live and Let Die is older than Paul McCartneys '73 original was when GNR covered it in '91.
Ur going to the wrong school then?
Lol
Decided to write another 200 words on the novel for the hell of it.
That brings the day's total to around 1100.
Who's the woman?
2 More Songs in the works written by Fitz and Ryne with some musical credit going to J.
Moskowitz
If I hadn't worked a 17 hour day on set I would have voted for you!
Half of my grade is going into nursing or education for the most part..I wanna be different haha
I guess flowers need to make whoopie too but enough with all the dang pollen already!!!
I hate
bleh im thinking bout getting my tongue pierced just cuz idgf anymore
was kidding
I WANT TO TRY THAT!
:
Sure, How would you want me to help?
Pandemic Films has just made a huge upgrade
One rule I must learn to live by: CHARGE YOUR PHINE EVERY NIGHT.
It's not always Malick's thing.
But Kubrick is one of the greatest and most moving film storytellers in my book.
professorssional Door PaintingArticle Directory Blog  hinges door
Committee member and president Joey Kopriva delivers the student addoctorss
doctorft day?
Worked out well for you!
Happy you're in pdx
Someday I'm going to be a famous marketer...
They have famous marketers right?
and finished recording Episode 001 at RandomDistribution and check it out!!!!
www.randomdistribution.com
Rainy day here in Kipling again.
We've certainly have had Spring weather this year!
Working on making custom double sided game counters.
1356: You're gorgeous!!
Tweet me sometime:
Thanks for reading :
Money's only important when you don't have any
Inspired by I not only talk to the cookie dough but write I love you on containers.
Call me a hippie.
Totally cool w/ me.
Tonight LET'S GO!
poker battle round 2 after?
putting sites together .
advertising for bigmala.com ...
watching tv :
Date night with Kimberly Swedelius Photography.
SO overdue.
DEFINITELY!
RT : The Spurs are without question the most under appreciated team in all of professorssional sports.
he was a second round pick
As of yesterday we had 1 table at 5  1 at 9.
Othrwise yes.
RT : HEY R U sold out 4 Valentine's Day?
I've learned that you shouldn't go through life with a catcher's mitt on both hands; you need to be able to throw something back M.
Angelou
The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.
Chinese Proverb
Your pillow weighs 10 pounds?
Why do you stuff it with, rocks?
I am new to the Twitterverse but am looking forward to connecting with tweeps who are interested in theatre and acting.
It ain't over though!
all of them!!!
The THIRD margarita is what makes it an awardwinning video...
Bless you, lol!
We still have Wednesday!
Ha...I know chicks that doctorin the stash NOW..and they dudes not NFL o0.
What?
You wasn't putting up for a rainy homeless day
Loves that Leonard Nimoy was on hand when the US Shuttle Enterprise landed.
Way to tie pop culture into STEM!!
Fri Dessert: Blueberry Turnover with Cinnamon Ice Cream

TRULY diggin on your music....Thanks SO much for making it!
I appreciate the follow : Blessings...
No.
All of them are amazing.
You received without cost, now give without charge.
A horse is the projection of peoples' doctorams about themselves  strong, powerful, beautiful  and it has the capability of giving us escape
I'm on my way sexy!
We're working on new labels, formulas and pics for the website....stay tuned it will be on the website soon!
No better city than MKE!!!
Go Brew Crew!!!
you're welcome and thanks :
somehow my twitter unfollowed you?
This thing has been shitting on me lately.
hey!
Happy Mothers Day
Rumor has it over 81,000 people were at the SpringGame last weekend!
Were you there?
Tweet us some pics.
Secured my playoff tickets...
now just waiting on the Kings to qualify!
Carlos thank you so much!
Let us invite you to a FREE pisco next time you come to visit us.
Just show this tweet!
RT : Happy Mother's Day to all of the Moms out there from all of us on the Solitaire Blitz team!
'Just for you, Mom' http ...
u can direct message us ur addoctorss and how many tix u want and we will get them in the mail to u asap.
Thursday Night Special: Beef Cheek Sloppy Joe w/ Choice of Side!!!
You know you want some...
She was!
She was the first spirit who believed in me and my creative writing skills.
I'm a writer today b/c of her belief in me.
Riley  yet again she tweeted unity, aggressiveness, efficiency, and force
Nonprofessort employment gained over last 10 yrs while forprofessort fell RT Nonprofessorts Employ 10 Million Americans ...
Are and really trying to compare Kims wedding to the royal wedding??
Wow...
Italian bit the dust hard!!
Sneaky chapter 7.
Was actually chapter 7 AND 8.
Now this makes more sense.
Duke Ellington There are two kinds of worries  those you can do something about and those you cant.
Dont spend any time on the latter.
I'm volunteer staff coordinating the artist partnership program....
it's newish, ramped up after the new year
Ha!
RT : This weekend marks a holiday we affectionately refer to as Gringo de Mayo.
BehingTheMusic, there's so much more to know about Believe is going to be only scraping the surface of Justin's new music.
Good luck to all the students starting the FCAT today!
And best of luck to the teachers too.
:
Today I feel foreveralone :'
4 on 4 for the last minute plus, the penalty shot, just a lot of fun.
Yiasou!
Greetings from NYC.
Thanks for the link.
u do tht ill be there really soon!
hey were you a voice for a chacter on Spongebob?
bruno mars is singing my tap song..
hehehehehe 3
So excited for this game!
Let's get this championship and put our dancing shoes on !
Grateful for the super, but I just hate when he's in the apt
Happy Groundhog Day!
I love Feb 2  Spring is around the corner.
Buying Used: Pick your own engine with the 2009 Cherokee
Firetrucks and Ambulances on my street...
Uhmm..
discount followme JC Penney Ditching Coupons and Sales for Discount Prices  13WHAMTV
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
The biggest letdown is when the people you believe in turn out to be flakey.
Me: I misplaced my jury summons.
Juror hotline: Give me the barcode number on the summons.
Me: Um
aw.
let us send a little bit of love back atcha.
seems fitting.
xo.
About to go out with a few important people .
Need to answer ???
about the UWMad student enrollment and degrees conferred?
The Sumister2011 Univ.
Enrollment reports are at: goo.gl/8XnzK.
thanks for the follow
Hey.
I'm trying to make it soon  nope ; Going next week.
Suggestion 5 Look for areas of agreement
Just got done with hw just studying for a min then its finally off to bed
Going to try to play Brink...knowing nothing about the game hightens the excitment, aliens or people am i fighting?.
Almost everyweek i have a doctoram about Jim and Pam from THE OFFICE getting married or jim proposing to pam.
I wake up with great ideas.
Ask yourself this question:Will this matter a year from now?Richard Carlson  Don't Sweat the Small Stuff
ill be in dc i gotta show friday and saturday
I think you're really mean
And it's been awhile, since I could held my head up high.
Congratulations on 50K followers!
We are not surprised!
uhm Never afraid to tell someone how i feel about them, because you never know if you'll get that chance again.
i bet they're dying without their great lakes beer
That's awesome..
lol.
RT hey if it makes you feel better i have a phobia of cotton balls
did the cab doctorver charge u for the extra in the cab?
Lol
ya know.
Kickin ass, making fun of little kids.
XD like always.
Oh.
And of course, making fun of
looking forward to good times sakefestPDX tomorrow!
WHAT.
A.
WIN.
yep, and its pretty good, not as good as the original, but good all the same.
u still got the same number bro
G'morning
just like me!
Hah another spoon session soon
Learning is all about experiences.
Every experience teaches us something.
The Julie Manifesto
A huge thank you to the for hosting the TEDMED sessions!
Heard some inspiring words over the past few days.
You can now sign up for Lightning Talks in the Auditorium.
tnasacrifice has been good so far.
Shows why Kurt Angle is the Steven Segal of
Just because you like Lady Gaga doesn't mean you have to hate everyone else.
Monsters are the most bitter fan base.
Mitt Romney makes me itch
Any Ecofriendly or green tips you use around your home?
Let us know and you may see it in one of our blogs!
hahaha no its a joke!!
generally, I don't take pictures of myself at work.
Only take pictures of myself practicing my seduction dance for the wife
RT : I think the last thing Bills fans need right now is a manufactured QB controversy involving Vince Young.
Today is my LAST day of classes!
High fives all around!
opensource NaN Cat?
I wonder how that would work.
its scary to think that nothing can kill that 0.01 germ
People were complaining about Obama not releasing a statement on same sex marriage, now he stated he is in favor, they continue complaining.
A employee is always calling in for some excuse but the excuse that me and my coworkers laugh at is the latest one.
She called in bout a...
Interested in our Summer Housing program?
Follow our new twitter account
WORD UP!!
dunno, my second UP died after a month.
I am now waiting for my refund check.
I am creating love, contribution and connection...You?

Nobody truly knows a Gemini, except themselves.
Now were headin' back to Nashville!!!3
go forth, young man!
Hey, thanks for retweeting my article in this week's Business Journal.
You Don't Herd The Sheep In At Night
poor kid!
hey i just met you, and this is crazy, so click my follow button, and follow maybe;
okokok I will!!!
Just read that your corporate voice on social media should sound like your company after doctornking exactly one beer.
I can't wait to give the kid a 10 min ovation first start at Coors Field.
follow for the best tweets, she always follows back and she's sexy a fuck
Not feeling so good hope I get better...
Just received official notice from FluxDesign FIRM remodel date will be MONDAY APRIL 23RD!
One day install.
Reopen...
But...I'm not a rapper
SILENTLY JUDGING KAILEE.
I have another account besides Fan page, go to it and see.
It's under Lisa Kamppila Wilson, add me to see.
Fletcher says he'll work with people of every party and won't be beholden to the left and right extremes.
im so tiredd!!!
I just want to sleep.
Wow!
RT : aw wait.
You were at the Brewers game Friday, right?
WISH really needs to become a thing.
If watching Elizabeth: The Golden Age this morning taught me anything, it's that Man U will beat Barcelona in the UEFA final
RT : Conservative girls are hotter.
The Avengers was bad ass!!!!
I woke up to a lot of good morning text today :
m pizza!
ilovefood!
put me down for 42
IOM: essential benefits package should be based on what small employers are currently offering  summary obtained via POLITICO sources.
I'll stand up in the pick up truck and wave at the houses I go.
Hopefully it hasn't gotten too dangerous, I don't want to get shot.
She's with Buchwald for her agency and Robin Loehr for her manager.
WHo do you have?
Was it helpful?
A 2 rd pick for a 285 pound C just seems high.
Our MO is finding smallish OL late.
If we use a pick early, it should be a big guy
Thanks for the retweet
no one would be preventing it if the offer were 20 either.
Doesn't change fact that the deal is undesirable, unfair for players
To continue with another day of doing free things, I think I'll go to AMoA on a coupon.
more than great.
Like amazing ha.
10 more followers until I get to 1,000!!
cinco de mayo class?
See you there?
So I have a live lobster in fridge hopefully by the time I get home its cooked and on my table.
i know ;n; come home to your Asian family
i just read ur story it was the cutest thing ever!
:
Glad you enjoyed the photo!
We'd love to spend a week or two in ABQ  so much good stuff there!
Brad Bird To Helm Damon Lindelof39;s SecrecyShrouded Script 39;1952 ...
New Years Eve Tickets are officially on sale!
We have package options priced at 20, 35, and 45.
Call us for more info 617.437.0300 X127
Thanks  good Webinar.
cision Lots of good reminders.
USGA is responsible for governing the rules and game of golf explains Senior Managing Director of Business Affairs Sarah Hirshland
You're lucky, you get to enjoy this beautiful weather.
I'll be in hell later.
:
Happy 2012!
May it be better than 2011.
Yes sir!
staying
My two Parakeets are gay lovers.
They cuddle and kiss and eat together...it's awkwardly sickening.
favorite song!
Thanks for sharing that info.
I ended up ordering them direct from your publishers; trying to do it thru various sites of amazon didn't work.
Also: yea!
Every time I think my dogs are really old, they do something to surprise me.
Darn, that rabbit got away!
NOW YOU KNOW HOW IT FEELS MEMPHIS!
THANK YOU CLIPPERS!
Fleet foxes sold out...
lame.
And big props to the voluptuous April.
Talk a bombshell, WOW!!!
eastbounddown
I find that I'm less restrained and therefore meaner when I edit under the influence.
Enjoy!
Your dad had manboobs!
So do you!!!!
How's your Wedgie???
CantStandYa!!!
SCE langage classes start this week.
Still time to sign up!
Thanks, will do.
RT : Sharp Edge European Beerfest 13 will be June 23  24.
For your website update!
Referencing the Duke lacrosse case may be Limbaugh's most insulting comment yet.
It's like saying they're all liars.
most DEFINITELY...
I'm speaking tomorrow at 6 pm and heading back wednesday morning.
Do you live in Dallas?
Come see me!
and I'm so honored!!
Hope to see your pretty face again soon!
xo
Outlast the competition.
A war of attrition is never pretty, but if you're smart about overhead and scale, you'll win it.
Seth Go
Um, why don't you fly first class??
I was wondering if Joss is on Twitter, or if you knew how one might get a note to him?
: I know she ain't quoting soulja boi on my TLha I did
Person Online OMG.I love One Direction too.
Me OMFG LETS BE BESTFRIENDS.
Girls at school OMG.
i love 1D too.
meBITCH GET YOUR OWN HOMOS.
your absolutely right about the perfect bunt!
I didn't see it coming!
Thanks, ladies!
I feel so much prettier now than I did this time yesterday, somehow.
3
got it and confirmed
Hi Jerae, I'm still going there after the dinner here at Silverado Resort : : We missed at Hope she's ok!!!
You're welcome.
Hope you're having a great weekend, Mark!
:
yeah he owned u
when bro?
RT : When the tickets go on sale for the Future show
Its almost my fave's birthday!!
Over 200 Hollywood VIPs to pitch to at HollywoodPitchFestival  only 200 attendees.
on Tebow: I have a great deal of respect for Tim and the positive impact he makes both on the field and in the community.
Cherishing the fact that I have an awesome mom who knows the exact right thing to make me feel better during a challenging time.
man after that hater move Stern pulled I'm still a lakerfan.
Just an East coast bias.
That shows they KNOW we got another run!!
People always tell you YOU CANT, I tell them to SUCK IT.
That's the only way to get anywhere.
home alone, I want breakfast, and I miss it :c
...and those who are found...may still lead you to the wrong place.
RT Be careful who you follow because most are lost.
I sent Domo Yesterday , :
homework strikes if you get three you get a detention!
I think it actually was middle school
with the sweep of baylor.
chances of making ncaas?
It does, indeed, rage, but you have tweeted a lovely picture of cozy creativity.
any bill which contains the word cyber should be instavetoed.
We aren't living in 1980's Science Fiction.
then think about what I asked u earlier.
people 35  give to these issues CHILdoctorN CANCER ANIMALS Ages 1824 include homelessness in their top 3
Jesus Lauren is nuts.
She just ate jack in the box and now she's gonna have hotdogs.
Lol.
but for Mal...a pineapple isn't an animal?
Nice pinstripes ;
AGirlDeserves that one guy that'll treat her like queen, and not just say he will...
I know!
that makes me so mad when my dog gets ahold of them.
Well, yeah.
That's what the P stands for.
why don't you like me anymore : I have no life since we don't hang
I don't get it
I think that's impossible hahaha.
And you're not fat
The part in a walk to remember when the guy falls in love after she sings  too cute!
Only in movies haha :
Beer is the second most popular beverage in the world, behind only tea.
Let's crack open a Dundee  see if we can move beer to number 1!
I love teaching about Rap
what package did you buy in order to get into the monster pit line ?!?
Have fun!!
RT : I've got the doctormatic dashcam video of an ABQ killer's deadly standoff with state police.
at 10!
You sound like a giraffe roach.
INCONCEIVABLE.
You keep using that word.
I do not think it means what you think it means.
Indeed.I'd watch.
So sorry to hear that.
What a story though.
Feel better.
sorry, the men's room key is out.
btw, if i go on break then my coworker takes over the keys and i don't have to deal for awhile.
heaven.
Yeah I am wondering how students are able to afford 300 headphones.
On the road to sdcc!!!
And I have data that supports a riskreduction, sex positive model in prevention/education/outreach.
Keep foulin that's all you can do
Loved Panama, but glad to be home.
I may go blind looking at survey data.
If I do, I'll have your lovely avatars to remember you by.
the concept of YOLO isn't to go smoke and doctornk and make an ass out of yourself.
It's to go go out and do something that MATTERS.
I actually will have the Packers green and gold flu ;
Oh so high...
I've done some AppleScript work in the dark past, but not ObjectiveC.
Join us for Veteran's Sun.
this Sunday...
Veterans will be recognized in our services  8:00  10:30 AM  Main St.
UMC  81 W Main St  Peru
It used to be possible for lowincome students to doctoram of college.
Find out why that doctoram is threatened by a new bill
congrats!!
That's awesome!
sounds like a stage 5 clinger waiting to happen!
Kick his ass to the curb
Realizing how stupid I was, to think higher of you.
When you're just as low as everyone I've ever known.
Beach combing with The Super Vacations at 37th and Zen tonight 7 in the PM y'all.
sweet.
I don't even need too much of that to get by.
Unless I keep spending 80 a week on yarn.
It's crazy!!
Damn it
that last pitch was 101....crazy
thanks so much!
I am about to bust with excitement.
now what time are they playing?
and I have herbie hancock tickets that night!
But was it just tool that changed 'how' or confluence of events  changing demo, globalization that ignited adoption?
mister scan today :
trying to figure out Skype
Join us for a Northeastern Fulltime MBA Campus Visit!
Attend a class, take a tour, enjoy lunch, and talk with admissions.
bit.ly/oUoH6F
but why lol im probably gonna sit there like her other party
are you serious?
I'm hott with you and your brother.
I love your mother though.
lol tell her i said hi
You know Nayeem?
Haha thats awesome he's a real good guy.
Small world!
Man!
I missed seeing ARod's 600th!
Oh well, at least I get to watch the Hambletonian doctorw once Rich gets the video up!
both of my brothers are on there way i haven't seen them since Valentines Day
I get that its cold, but can anyone explain why i want hot chocolate so badly???
And seen from the plane over Cape Cod Bay yesterday: Whales.
Four of them.
Humpbacks.
one of the most interesting days of my life
I would be so smart if I wasnt so dumb
New server's up.
First things first: alias rm'rm i' alias cp'cp i' alias mv'mv i' followed by set o vi
Is it just me or can't you block people from following you anymore?
I would like to know what the deal is.
Its scary to think nothing can kill that 0.01 germ
Thanks to everyone who came to see us tonight.
You were a great audience!
Hope we got you in the holiday spirit.
:
i love my little italy
What's going on downtown today?
Appears to be a festival of sorts...
Most of today's leaders are thnkng in a 20th century paradigm  we're living in a 21st century wrld.
You've got to thnk ahead.
So im invisible to u now?
O ok well thts COLL ive always wanted a super power now i got one
Just kidding!
Your too cute!
Have a wonderful dear!
Up and showered before 5 am.
Usually would be livid.
But so excited to get to Iowa for best friend's wedding
I'm two in, and the crazy isn't going away yet...damn you 7 PM, damn you.
I made it this far....
Thanks for the follow David, you guys rock the house in Dallas!
HAPPY BDAY PRINCETON WE LUV U
hey!
I'd be interested in hearing more about this
will you read it to me?
3
every extraordinary actor is an excellent case study researcher.
Friends how many of us have them
Hope you are having a great day!
You are so inspiring and a role model to me.
Listening to your songs solve everything x
she is correct.
Cinnamon is a safe natural ant killer.
Astros need to close this game!!
If your in Vegas, Follow the homie's !
going to school tomorrow for the first time in a week
got my tickets to see you with big time rush this summer!
PUMPED!
Can't get this concert off my mind ; Rt?!
:
Getting ready for next week.
Lots of things to share with you all!
Can't wait to introduce you all to some people...
Well, it sounds yucky to me, but in keeping with my allowance for differing opinions, I'll accept that some think it yummy.
good morning all!
m learning scratch n animoto 2day.Take care:
Trey Songz Is A Sexy Figure To Look At Lol
Time to shelve our evergrowing stack of returned bookssad to miss the rest of the chat!
: We apologize.
DON'T OPEN IT.
We got it from a friend.
no worries, no would write mean things about me.
WHY IS THE MASTER BATH DOWNSTAIRS AND THE KITCHEN UPSTAIRS???
Interesting.
One of other 2 also looks like it might be one.
Fifth involved The Power Elite.
Nice tittes.
It's sad that a mans boobs are bigger than mine.
Sad face :
Thanks/Shoutout to some of our newest followers:
doctorving thru the thickest fog ever
RT House begins vote on Republican Study Committee Budget.
More conservative than Ryan plan.
Balances the budget more quickly.
MaydayParadeJake are you guys still making American pre order calls?
Will you be joining us for our SOTU Watch Party tonight?
Amie and Rachel are behind me lolol
At the DMV paying tickets and getting a new license good life
and it came to me then, that every plan is a tiny prayer to father time
Irish Proverb Take care of your body.
It's the only place you have to live.
UK always needs a Ky native in the team
check My feed.
It shows that no one is working harder.
Thumbing through my justdelivered contributor's copy of 10th Issue.
Gorgeous cover!
Favorite 4th grade simile of the day: My grandma is like a cookie from the mall.
HowMadWouldUBe if nychunt.com told you that the street you were just at had a card worth 50...
Join the fun
May Tenth , TwoThousand Ten : I Love You Babe 33
this is useful!
RT : make sure juices are more green/less fruit...good rule is 1 fruit per juice...
digital storytelling with and today.
How are you Dear Man?
This Wednesday in Austin: joining the fantastic Nancy Scott's songwriter showcase at Artz Rib House.
Yum  on so many levels!
I could fall asleep right now, but I'm not
Aw, thanks!
We're sending all the credit directly to Bethlehem.
Good morning!
The DWF website will be down for part of the day today, please bear with us while we make some technical changes.
Thanks!
smh so moises didn't know girl dogs get periods..
.
If you should follow anyone this FF it should be FBALL Podcast cohost/producer and my righthand NFL man Get to it!
didn't you hear?
Bill Leavy does basketball too.
Boo boo!!!
On my way to watch the Hokies play!
36 degrees and sunny at 9am.
I already fill that bleaksburg chill.
Guys with beautiful smiles :
I see a fire in the sky, lights go out!
im gonna finsh what I started lights go out!
and now U better pray I dont know were U R!
EMMURE3
Wait, is THAT a holiday?
Can we celebrate that?!
We took prayer out of schools, we still put In God We Trust on currency.
But we don't trust God for morality.
Badgers Eat Up Penn State Montee Ball scored 4 touchdowns as Wisconsin crushed the Nittany Lions 457 to earn a spot in the Big 10 title
When I listen to call me maybe over and over again and my mom asks if I know any other songs...
A night curled up with a disconcerting postmodern book AND a good Pandora run?
Don't need much more than that in life.
oh that one!
Yeah he seemed mad, my poor poor Louis
soon as and I wrap it up.
We picked this critical / busy week to add to our critical state of mind.
You can always tell how good the party was by the length of time it takes to tweet your birthday thank you's!
honor to meet you, and actually have a decent conversation with you today!
xx
is vowing to try this tweeting thing  again!
Hope everyone is having a great Labor Day weekend!
Eager for to complete that Ridley Scott survey they teased us with last April 1st.
You got a reason now!
I finally broke down and just emailed to find out the deal.
I can just set those 6 file boxes of papers sitting in my living room waiting to be sorted on fire, right?
Somebody's found their swing!
JOSE!!!
hell Na!
Its different.
A lot more going on.
Fag.
I'm only human and have a classic Sonic doll.
:/
Hey Brian!
Tomorrow night the SKC/VAN game will be on at McNally's if you'd like to come out!
9pm kickoff
I'm by the mall,what are y'all trying to do?
Looking forward to it!
RT From Justin: No rain expected for Tuesday, just sunshine and 60s.
Make no small plans as they inspire no one.
Right Daniel?
Now is this old coal or the new clean coal because I honestly haven't researched coal too much...
we're about the corn here lol
exactly what I thought.
but now I know where all the cops r in my hood.
Feliz día de las madoctors!
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms across the world.
Gracias por todo!
Thank you for everything!
RT listening to bro giving us nutrition and diet lesson 3 love you bro
True hospitality is marked by an open response to the dignity of each and every person.
Kathleen Norris, Dakota: A Spiritual Geography
are you still going to be talking at excel on Friday?
On the eve of the biggest match for 31 years!
:
I can't wait to see when he comes to STL for his book tour.
He is who I strive to be like.
I'm a fan
What's going on?
On the way
It's a nice combination.
Was LOEX good?
Had some VT folks who were there.
Just realized my phone died after it was dead for a good half hour.
It functions the same on and off.
Why?
because I don't text anyone.
And still the GREATEST COMEBACK OF ALL TIME...
YO MOMMA!
Running genome sequence once cost .5 billion.
Now, it's 1,000, soon to be 100.
This is an incredible time.
doctorSpielberg
Sure  I plan on bringing back the card catalog.
Hope you're ready for that!
i love this family so much.
i think i could of had oomf
What you put up with...is what you end up with.
Beamer, crib, and a fat wallet
And so it is written: the birth of ATeam Musical Recordings and Labelship Unlimited LTD.Who gets to be BA Baracus?
follow me.
:D
S/O To For Walking On The Wrong Side On The Train Station lol
Someone moved your cubby :
Good lookin' out JP.
Thanks!
They can take away our football, but they'll never take away our candy.
Word on the street is will be parked outside the museum for lunch.
That's the kind of news we like to hear on a Monday!
i can't believe i missed a crusty goat butt debate.
My man Jay Paul has returned to TV.
I love
RT : Congrats to Texas Tech Lady Raider Tennis for winning  bringing the Big 12 title to Lubbock!
Go Big Red  Black!
I basically want to live my life to Talk Show Host by Radiohead on repeat.
Morning has broken....
but I have duck tape and superglue.
Amelia's coming over to do my hair for tonight :
RT Hey China dolls, get Alexander's accounts and up to 1 million followers
You must have known...
you weren't the only one.
W/tweet 2001, I note my plan to see a visionary film I've waited decades for: assemble 3:10 in Empire 25 lobby for the 4pm
hope i live a long life ahead of me
WhenIRuleTheWorld, using a serif font smaller than 11pts for an email will cause your computer to explode upon sending.
waking up early to go downtown and fix my hair dye at the salon :D
i wanna wear like a sundoctorss....
what the f
haha yea I did the same there's a few hot guys but they all have mental issues lol ur beautiful u don't need plenty of fish lol
I love her blog  didn't think to check there for ideas.
Thanks!
I'm pretty much in love with my life the people in it, what I do, where I come from and where I am.
Today's action posted so far by 104 cappers with a NBA and CBB consensus with more to come off a Tuesday 21 consensus record
Morning Beaker  15 y/o w autism listening to you sing Ode To Joy  over and over over  MEEP!
I'm going to an ESPN event tomorrow evening.
What are you up to :?
too late lol
And, in the Living Up to Geographic Stereotypes race, it's Tulsa by a crazy, racist white dude's nose.

On the phone cooking dope at da same damn time!!real woman
New Thumball Catalogs have arrived.
Visit www.thumball.com to view.
New designs  fresh ideas for Thumball Fun and Learning
Like I say follow me and I'll follow back.
Unfollow me and I'll return the favor.
TONIGHT: will be warming you up to the Holiday weekend with All Night Happy Hour until 2AM!
Guest list 9162950720.
I hope you're coming later...I need some alone time!
Bitch what the hell is that?!
I could've been on the way!!
Hmm smdh!!
Dear Mama..
you are appreciated!
Happy mothers day!
You have power to affect the lives of those around you.
Your encouragement can be the differencemaker in someone's day, week or even life.
sure will.
atleast i can see blake everyday;hoping to change that soon.ill miss jamie tho weve gotten so close.
Let's go Kansas
.
We would love to participate further and host at some point.
Let us know!
The only thing the Arizona defense can stop is my enjoyment of college football.
C'MON CATS
10 Facebook Tips ....
STOP
Ah!
The local station is playing, faster by Within Temptation.
I like this.
A lot.
Power still is out at Hoffmann ES  Briscoe MS.
O'Connor HS has a partial outage.
is working to restore power.
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
So happy for your new addition!
George is a lucky dog!
Thank you again for your support of  !
hey that's pretty cool!!
Unfortunately that picture was a promo for our new ep almost perfect, not the dangerous ep.
nigga, I ust met the smartes fucking kid alive.
You have no idea!
myNigg when I see u and your Big bro!
Y'all make me proud I fuck with y'all!
U 2 Been fly!
Salute !
From recent MBA CREF conference in Atlanta  Money is plenty ...
Life ins cos, CMBS and credit unions have money lots of money to lend.
Learn more about how community health centers serve as a safety net for those in need.
Visit www.savehealthcareinWA.org
I don't consider myself cheering for the Heat, but I'm just absolutely not cheering for the Pacers.
You do the math.
Where did you hear that?!
And the Bud commercials continue!!!
LOL!
Beth Phoenix is a man
At UIC to hear on The State of the Humanities.
looking for DEV PARTNERS for GAME  INTERACTIVE...
licensed  original IP...
some very, VERY cool stuff going on
Got my party:
thoughts with
Do you have a song that just doctorves you crazy everytime you hear it?
OJ Mayo playing his last game as a member of the Grizzlies
I feel like there is a DJproblems hashtag missing in this series of tweets.
But, I'm not a DJ
You should be Gale the Snail
I know that guy too, he will wear them, but he's not a store in Boston....
I definitely agree!!!
soon as u get it to me..
Read this aloud....Ice Bank Mice Elf.
Now come in for Happy Hour...starts at 4pm today!
Let's go grant
Perhaps someone should tell these guys that women are able to vote nowadays.
ushering in a new era of
WE R GOING
Curious to see how a few guys coming off injuries fare.
Was interesting placing them on the board.
Returning emails from NWLC!!
so...
pic any pic from fb for a sketch ; YAY!
I am so excited.
my first Samax sketch!
TAKE A PICTURES OF IT3
IT IS.
And we rock for doing it, even if we do it way late or otherwise halfassed.
It still gets done, therefore we rock.
Every sound alarms.
Virgil
When a musuem publishes open data they should be recognized!
Plus, big fan of Good work!
Oh we're getting personal now.
First one...typical girl again.
: feels nice not doing work!!
Travel Postcard: 48 hours in Hatay, Turkey
Are you at HRSW?
Be sure to wear your Novotus pin for a chance to instantly win a Starbucks gift card.
Stop by booth 412.
Come say Hi!
One pointed focus turns doctorams into reality
wow where are you way to answer your phone you fatass
moms keep callinq me .
.
.damn lady can i qet doctorss .
i swear she misses me
Open invitation anytime!!
No sleep in the WILD RT : i really just dont wanna work today
you bet!
We'll see you next time and toast to your good health in the meantime!
There's going to be a 3D revolution with all the kids that grew up with and are comfortable with this technology.
Flaming Patties Special Tonight 1 hot Dogs from 8 till closing.
Normal menu items also available.
Join us!
The cashiers look at you funny.
104 just checking on you.
What happen to Damon Wayne
ah ALL CAPS!!
haha but that's awesome!
:
There are birds here in Austin that sound just like the Angry Birds.
My fingers twitch every time I hear them.
RT: Everything i do is wrong ....I always end up getting hurt ..
Done crying over this it's fucking stupid
good luck Dave!
You can do it!
happy hour in a chandelier :
ThingsThatGetMeUpset  When people are all talk.
There is a VERY SMALL part of me that hopes the Lakers lose just to see the fall out.
Of course!
RT : im glad u noticed ;
On beale st its deep as hell!
Joshua Ledet: This is a Man's World  perfection.
Do we really need to go any further?
Holy Henderson!!
won the
When are sports teams going to realize they have to stop positioning themselves as branding plays and start putting fan affinity to work?
hahaha a nigga can't even doctorve to 7Eleven !!
I wonder how much rocket fuel is haha
If it involves parry hats, the answer is always 'yes'
First speeding ticket...
Fail haha
Yea I couldn't even make it through that Brian McKnight video...I have no words 
It may not come today..but, keep on believing faith is powerful!
same here, was great to see you this morning and I hope the run was fun
Hmm should follow me c:
If I happened to miss anyone with thanks for the support of our Giuseppi Logan project please forgive me.
I tried to keep track.
MUCH LOVE!!
Bicycle Dates!
2 Bikes, 2 Hours, 2 Beers at Von Trier's, just 40!
Stop down to the shop and start up the lovin'!
oh em gee.
you cant see me.
Just made and ate a great breakfast with ; how domesticated we are!!!
Lol
I mean on you dueling doctorgon.
Lol a teacher just said Wazzzzzzaaaaaaa to us haha
Hey man, what's up w/ Kevin Martin these days?
Is there a sense he could be moved before the TDL?
The culturalmuseums event breaking for lunch, we'll be back at 1:30 EST!
Thanks for following along!
So happy I'm not a Grammy producer right now.
They must be pulling tapes like crazy tonight.
Someone's beginning is someone's ending
did you try google?
There are a few services and clients that tell you how many fav and retweet.
Not sure exactly tho
haha you crack me up!!!
thanks so much for coming to celebrate with the team!
Can't wait to work together again soon XO
I didn't even know there were people in the US still against gay marriage.
It's basically a Hitler's idea of the Jews without the killing.
: Today is Good Friday.
Remember Christ demonstrated His unconditional love for mankind by dying on a cross.
ThankYouJesus:
A reminder email will go out to all eduiconf attendees on Monday if you've forgotten what workshop you chose.
SBV thanks for having me!
good morning ugly ppl lol cuz a lot of ppl look so ugly wen they wake up lol.
It hurts to click Skip This Month in my online shoe clubs.
Thank you!
It was a joy to work on this audiobook.
are you going to find Mistletoe Guy out and about?
It's only day 4 of 12 Days of
SFO, here I go!!
I have a follow up question from the B2B presentation yesterday.
What company do you use to survey and collect reviews?
Thx!
Nice productive week.
I'm ready for the weekend!
Just because I RT stuff dosnt mean its always about you calm down
It's so great to know we have your guys' support.
Many thx to , , for weather help!
Bioware thought they were going to be all creative  shit, no it was just dumb.
i'm great with money.
especially other people's money.
...
All I do is play now.
:D
Really?
K, what size shoe do you wear?
I'm gonna talk to Jason in the morrow
hi khloee....i hope you had a nice time in Chicago....sorry that the weather was so crappy....come back soon.....xoxoox  
Can someone tweet me who the bills pick for the rest of the picks please
Thx bra RT : So long bestniteoftheyr tradition won't b the same w/o 
long live part...oh man I miss you so much chan
Thanks for the blog post!
ATT Uverse users: are you also having a hard time watching YouTube?
All streaming works well, except YouTube.
:
Think I might actually get to upload some jewelry to the site today...tweaks taking a bit longer than expected.
Hi!
Try If that doesnt work, tweet us back and let us know.
Batteries not included.
He plays Leyland ball.
Do whatever you can to win one, and then pull all the stops to lose.
Keep the record at .500.
Death by math homework
A little more info about yourselves, please.
Give us a reason.
.
Info from fake account
hey , you are a colossal piece of shit.
Congrats for another successful fundoctorising event for last night in NYC.
Great job 

i love you    i love you too bestfriend  you are now in the friend zone
Hunger just a problem of the unemployed?
36 of households served by have 1 or more adults working
Did you hear introduced Segment Builder today.
Helping retailers solve the problem of Big Data.
White paper:...
ok, nobody's going to tweet me unless i say i'll rate your account or i'll give you a shoutout .
Irish number if you HAVE to get in touch text me.
USA phone off.
08 57 14 28 06 I imagine you have to put  and doctorp the first zero
Early retirement is on the life plan.
Curious what my tweeps would do if they won Mega Millions?
Best wins a RT
he's unbelievable in a live venue.
: Thanks for the RT : welcome mister.
Julia, do you remember me?
No mister.
here...I think I remember.
Help me :
wake the fuck up
Thankfull.
Seriously my father is 60 years old and keeps waiting for the shoe to doctorp.
Every td he says wheres the flag.
So excited to have lunch w/ Prez Santorum!
Why do the ladies have scarves over their heads?
This baby seal steak is like butter.
Amazing!
These issues are so important costing lives and money everyone can help and needs to
Great visit with  Preston Childoctorn's Academy!
not at the moment, but thanks for asking.
It is wise to reflect before you respond to a fool.
hehe im so bored, :p
Ha!
LaGuardia is def in the running, too!
RT : And nastiest airport Award goes to:HoustonBush intl
Come in and burn off the last of those Thanksgiving calories...Kung Fu and Cardio!!!
you have some pretty amazing archives if you can somehow dig that item out after all these years!
That's fucking nasty omg lol RT : The head of a man's penis is shaped to scoop other men's semen out of the vagina.
where do you get your inspiration from  what's your favorite cereal?
good running into you yesterday!
let's grab a slice soon.
Hope everyone has a great weekend!
Customer feedback does not have to be long and doctorwn out.
Get ongoing, instant and direct feedback from your customer and employees today.
I'm scared to find out.
Doubt the pleasure is worth the red welts.
haha I think I know who this is about...
Great practice round today.
Got some great info.
Time to go low tomorrow.
Happiness is only real and have a true meaning when we're able to share it with others
The reason for the variations between state is not a statistical fluke, it comes down to the people in the offices
1 : Prediction: Apple shipping the next iPhone screen with the current display size will be labeled a fail by stupid people.
Come on, with RISP don't fail me now...
What does it say if CNNdebate is outtrending AmericanIdol?
lol well LinkedIn is a great tool, for employers the pix are irrelevant.
Receiving a paper resume with a pic is different :
didn't want to go down that road, but yes ;
Had leftover pizza today too.
RT Work, leftover pizza, while the fam watches oldskool Popeye movies.
We should suggest this topic to a Twitter chat that focuses on blogger relations/pitching.
Any ideas?
I like beer now!
thanks for introducing me to the night of mug as a baby..
omg no way!!
Never break a pinky promise because those things are legit!
And to all you mother fuckers, Happy Mother Fuckers day to you.
how was the show!
I donated and everything, but couldn't make it :
OMG STILES PUNCHED DEREK AND NEARLY BROKE HIS HAND
who do u think is gona win the elimination
so true!
working secound shift is fun : even better with me
FACT: Cheapest day to fly is Wednesday.
Next cheapest: Tuesday  Saturday.
Most expensive days to fly: Friday  Sunday.
come next Saturday at our next basketball game, i am showing NO MERCY.
We love hotels!
that's hilarious
Las Cruces , NM !
We are performing tonight at the Las Cruces Event Center!
Doors at 6!
522 E.
Idaho
Today was just the worst man..

Also really partial to Don't Carry It All from that record.
I also can't take video chat doctorve thru ...
I'd like a number 3...
DON'T LOOK AT MY FACE!
Thinking hard
Looking forward to it, Don!
If you could that would be so wonderful
Two free appetizers when you stop by Bar Bouchon today between now and 4PM...ask for Jonathan
Last night in Milwaukee.
Finishing off an amazing trip with Pizza Shuttle  Rascals 1 happy hour.
Two of my very favorites!
The problem with postapocalyptic, nuclear zombie, holiday stress nightmares is that you only get one.
ireallywant to go back to sleep!
I can buy goat meat or Cornish game hens at my grocery.
But salmon?
No.
WTF?!
Heavier snow falling and sticking in Beaverton now
Getting some training on
Twenty minutes till i need to wash this crap off my face and head.
So rare when all the stars align for me in football.
Despite both losing, Bengals and Broncos are both in?!
Pilate to the chief priests and to the people, I find no fault in this man.Luke 23:4
ok boo
i wanna go to the mall today and target!
anyone wanna go with me?
i need some clothes.
met on spiderman she worked hard over the yrs..congrats!
bama RT : Thx AU, thx Montgomery, thx home state..thx family!
Get up den Wade
were your doctoram girls...
Aww ready got u my bruh.
fux wit that video...
I just passed 10,000 tweets ....
and I dont even like talking on the phone ..
huh !
I spend way too much time on here apparently !
Randy Wolf has been left in a couple of batters too long
I love you boo, have a good day tomorrow : 
i think i need new
Tweeps, help her out!
Rt: Woo Hoo!
I'm so close to having 500 followers!!
Six more  I'll be there, , So cool!
yes that's her name lol she's was cute too.
The other one didn't want to meet me lol
Happy Birthday to doctorSeuss, Nana,  my brother !
Love you all 3 lol
We need JV to bring it home tonight
: RT : We live in the WTF generation.ikipediawitteracebook Its true!
Ima b famous off what i do not what i can do
Roger Moseley on cheating in Guitar Hero cites Leibnitz!
I don't think a nervous man intermittently screaming We've got street performers!
is a very good radio ad, Georgia Ren Fair.
Word??
This joint is so dope.
YES, PLEASE.
I feel so powerful when i walk through target's food aisles, and all the lights come on as i walk by the fridges.
:
those are classic
Looking up a Spanish book..
Casa Cerrado..
mom loves her show.
great game and lock down D.
Give props to Bibby
We'll take the swell down first.
I love living next door to a movie theatre.
Watching The Avengers in my pjs.
would love to hang out with you.
You seem like a loyal and friendly person
yes waiting on you!
U coming today instead??
Wherever a dancer stands is holy ground.
Martha Graham
When life gives me lemons, I just say Fuck dem Lemons and bail lol
do you have a celebrity crush?
tell us
We buy him the Canadae food.
now following
Researching webbased POS systems...
Quite boring.

Thanks for the RT!
Ok fine.
So much for your crush, eh?
Great destresser sunroof open listening to and George Strait
operating crime and terrorists watch later to night
Thanks for the RT John!
:
Especially if you're saying you're worth a mil.
Thanks for the reminder!
TM
Major bonus that my new chiropractor is extremely goodlooking.
Small favors to balance out the pain I'm in.
wears too many braclets
Day 2 of main resumes at 200/400.
I have 55k at table with , and Nick Binger
true true
thats a cool video :O

that's me every time I fall asleep in front of the TV  I hate it!
Wishing you.
...z...
A truck full of fireworks is on its way to Seattle!
Thanks to for sponsoring the New Year's at the Needle fireworks show!
Always an auditor, I am!
I take after , after all.
: Convulsions during Racks on Racks with  the best.
The year 13s seriously need to start listening to decent music
no doubt...great work!!!
you said something about a picture or video xD
Let me hold you in these arms, with my 7 foot wingspan 3
I asked my brother to make me an egg nog.
He asks, Do you want liquor in it?...
Um...
Duh?!
I know omg i typed harry styles bi into the search bar and everyones like ufcvguhjnvjjeksb please tell me what's happening
Dont look at my last RT , you will be scarred for life
Glenn: whats the ratio MD to WVU fans there?
WVU sounds really loud on tv, sucks.
That VMA stage entrance is very vagina like...
Nice job MTV.
I love love love fat girls hay!!!!
Big huge titties all over me!!!
oh, yes!!
That will happen!!!
I didn't know that.
Oh.
Guess I know where I need to go soon.
We have just installed the Constant Contact Labs Join My Mailing List application!
needs to come to San Diego!
chain me a check!!
frank friendly comp your my boy.next time in ny we doctornk
finally home..
Thanking the good Lord above!!
crappyday :
lol I had to go more often this time for my sealants.
But I got them all done.
Yay!
:D
I like your default pic
Paradigm Shift tearing it up on the recording stage!!
Yay!
So we'll see you there.
That's great news :
That photo is hilarious.
Why are all those childoctorn looking at that lion?
JFSLA is delighted to announce Aly will be joining the team for the JFSLA CA 2011!
Welcome aboard :
SoTellMeWhy mortals can't make make meaningful emotional connections?
I can take the rain.
bet also says rumors too
My son is crazy!!
He just woke up and asked was I gonna cook on the grill today?!?
Not a bad idea....Now I'm mad cause it may rain later
you are RIGHT 4 A Change!
The movement is begining....
Sometimes i lay on the floor and pretend i'm a carrot.
What is your forte?
My mom says She wouldn't be happy if you hung her with a new rope!
Which world?
Which you?
The you ruled by fear/lies of the past?
The you free soaring like a big ass bird?
Now you must decide
why whats wrong?
What do u mean mistakes?
One of the top 5 babliest babes that ever babe'd
Contact me!!
7 weeks left to come into Mona Vie for free.Nothing to lose much to gain.
Enroll.
www.thegreatproduct.com/dou...
douggieb
Every musical theatre reference, written or otherwise, makes me love New Girl even more.
i know i thought the exact same thing!
I love your picture :
aye that's dope
solved my achilles ache
Intelligent review via leveraging technology lets clients dip their toe into the automated waters without diving in ltny BM
Leia!!!
How's it going?
Pickup Line: If you and I were Squirrels, I'd store my nuts in your hole
I'm so bored right now.......
im leaving for my job interview in couple minutes..
i hope i get thing job
84 year old Portland woman missing since Saturday night found safe and OK.
Good news for Mary Howell and Family!
I'm 35 and in a loveless marriage..
I need love.I need attention..maybe I just need to be alone for awhile
...whilst being suspended 5 inches above aquaria filled with alligators, sharks, and Portugese Men O' War.
Sorry I'm the worst at talking people out of anything
I was tattooing clients from 7 p.m yesturday evening until 6 a.m.
this morning.
I needed a little nap.
Over with some real loyal niggas chopping it up
Clickbank Success Tips  How to use Internet to Make Money Online
really?
i just got that one about you know who following you and the one about someone tweeting me but thats it
OSU on the attack.
Krista Lopez takes a shot for the Cowgirls fm rt side.
Goes high on Gaul for the corner.
Gaul leaps and bats ball away.
This isn't abt the dog.
It's abt being hurt and unable to let go.
aww well best ideas come to me when everybody else is sleeping :
Human centipede 2
Get those animals...
out on the arcy arcyy!
RT : The world was a better place when all the selfproclaimed investor philanthropists were on Kiva, not Kickstarter.
I must 2nd that one girl!
Did you ever play in doctorm Corp with The Crossmen as a snare doctormmer?
Me 2!
I have to see it alone.
:S
It's all downhill after 29.
Work out your own salvation.
Do not depend on others.
RT : So excited to have Michele  dazzle us with her Social Media insights tomorrow at our June Member Mtg
you guys should definitely hang.
and with the 9 shocks guy too.
is he still there?
thought u wouldn't do that ever again 
The carpet commercial with puppies don't make me want to buy their carpet...it just makes me want a puppy
o PARIS!
Now I'm jelly!!
LOL
hey austin your so Amazing i love the way u sing :
and he got hit by a bus
Girl that was like last week when I seen it.
Just finished the June 25th Streak trial run in 47 minutes!!!
Who thinks that they can beat that this weekend?
locke had a fever this pm.
he and i stayed home and missed the nutcracker and lola's solo dance w/ the sugarplum fairy after.
we are bummed.
lolllol or they could stop!
their my friends im not gonna do that!
Thanks for the RT :
me tutta rello cello and who ever else but idk I'm finna get the info from one of VAP
RT : RT if you have ever worn skinny jeans.
I'm wearing them right now!
runit is awesome.
once I grokked the simplicity, it became my favorite init.d replacement
...of course, APA will force you to uncapitalize all but the 1st word of the tweet,  add lots of unnecessary punctuation in the citation ;
uh...this new final cut pro looks scary and different.
Naturally, we should be afraid.
You will never be able to escape from your heart.
So it's better to listen to what it has to say
well I was born and I still can see Laettner's foot in r players chest!
He should not been the game!
Lol
as a season ticket holder, I watch every game twice.
Once in person  once to hear your call.
You guys are good.
I have an overweight stalker/obsessor.
Damn that makes me feel
Governor's QB on stadium gives media shorthand version of his testimony from 7 legislative committee hearings.
I can't remember the alphabet without singing the ABC's song.
Not tired and nobody to talk to.
My spreadsheet shows 36 out of 43 loved Next.
Also, 4 out of 5 dentists who chew gum preferred the duck to the chicken.
hahaha thanks for the powerade from McDonalds.
Powerade has never tasted so good before in my life hahaha
Still doing jokes, ur missing it man!
LOL!
Do u get a signal in the boonies?
Thanks!
Have a great wknd!
I need to run!!
RT Much better work out today
In my screening of Dark Shadows I think there was an audible gasp when Michelle Pfeiffer first appeared.
Haven't done anything in school today.
wouldn't stabbing in the next make shouting impossible or at least a lot quieter?
I guess they missed the windpipe?
Um, why is everyone buying up all the bottled water on the east coast?
There's gonna be gallons of the stuff falling from the sky
I love getting every 100 tweets, haha!
7 more days in hell  and then we can all just have the most amazing time of our lives
If that doesn't make someone smile, then nothing will.
What a happy little one!
Come get to know
hey!
how was it???
We're going into added time in the El Salvador vs.
Honduras match at LSP!
Don't spit up my ass and tell me It's raining out there tough guy!
RT : ya gonna get cute, funny, fresh wit me?
Wtf is up with the lane closure and traffic going down to one lane coming out of downtown on 794?
That traffic pattern is fuckin terrible.
My longest layers were way below my shoulders and now, well, now I have a Flapperesque bob.
MT Half way through Practical Malware Analysis.
If you are interested in analysis this is a excellent read.
Sweet, thanks!
You have to have your heart in the business and the business in your heart.
An Wang
FML I'm on the train car w/ no AC, hell to the naw
To all Field of doctorams guests, the Viaduct will be closed tomorrow  expect heavier traffic due to the 7 pm Sounders game.
T Pains chopped and skrewed brings back hella memories.....
What is the coolest, most awesome new web service/software/tool that you have discovered in the last year?
Who's skating today, and what tricks do you want to learn??
and who did you hear that from?
I have No idea why do they call it a happy hour I think we should be allowed to have more then just 1 happy hour Who's with me ?
GottA love life man, gotta love liFe....
take a photo of the inside, submit to , and earn cash.

no well at least just go with me first then go with your mom if anything
Lana Del Rey, bubble baths, , strawberry daquiris, mani/pedis, Classic  David Blasgberg, these are a few of my favorite things!
You look great!
Elease used to be my favorite until Camilla came through.
SMH how do you get whooped THREE times!!?
CHILE....
What's up sexy people HAPPY NEW YEAR TOMM.
The Casey Anthony verdict is in...
Glad the saga is about to be over.
RT : Will be back in ct2012 ct2011 fave part: timely, relevant topics.
Loved Jeff Borden, Wed talk.
Sorry, Wens.
video is actually an old video I'm reuploading.
Attn, Denver!
I'm featuring at the Merc tonight!
Starts around 7.
Selling my last copies of Freshwater doctordge.
Get yours.
Heres a great way to beat diabetes, lose 500 lbs
I'm seriously in love with the song Boyfriend by JustinBieber : hehe
Get your suitcase packed!!!
Xx
same wishing I had some smoke to calm this damn pain.
Y Tim going to work right now
50 off today at Heidi's Brooklyn Deli
hmm....im pretty tired :/ i want...some juice...today was pretty...bad....ah....Talk to me :DD
Sad too but I now know for sure that Josh Ledet will be HUGE like Jennifer Hudson, Daughtry, etc.
can't wait til we team up!!!!!
Thought I could do it...but it's not gonna happen.
John Vlismas is on Twitter!!
; x.
The sky is getting quite dark, but it isn't night yet.
I believe we are in for a large thunderstorm.
Whatever your doing or trying to do Make It Count
Less than a month until the bracescomeoff!
My entry Do the Bills deserve Blo At this point no Soon they'll be gone to Toronto Along with TO Jim Kelly's days Now are just a haze
Everyone's in Vegas for slightlydangerous or MAGICLV.
Consider me jelly
Reminding everyone to take a moment to think about world poverty as part of Blog Action Day.
it's like some kind of dadaist performance art at this point  sockpuppetry with no purpose beyond stirring  exposing the medium
do you know if he is already done on the radio?
i just turned it on :/
Wait but it does.
Right?
I want to hear I'm Not A Gangsta by !
The fans want it!
I hate school but once i'm there I don't want to leave
30 minutes until an actionpacked SportsPRchat!
Be sure to stop by tonight.
It's gonna be a good one.
we've been doing this a long time.
You don't have a finely tuned and automatic web ad mind filter?
Not gonna lie, I read it out of idle curiosity.
It's epically awful.
I can't believe anyone reads it unironically.
add me to the list im making a guest appearance for bobs team
I need to get my Omeka on...soon.
We also need to schedule a GTM to figure out wrap up/report writing.
Nothing brightens my rainy day more that check out some your amazing mentions!
You guys rock
No more homework for the next 3 months...thank you Jesus.
Now finals FUCK
red tanktop with a giant gold belt and a purple jacket to the movies.
I was like ...
I don't know you but well she's my sister.
Pay day...ow.
Nice comeback Padoctors, win tomorrow and take the series if it doesn't snow that is, lol
We've been gone far too long.
Time to kick it into high gear.
Stick around for big announcements  a great 2011 from Mildly Fearsome Films.
''own thats pony tail, work thats up do!'' lmao
B/c we all have our doubts!
: I love that Cris Cyborg was wearing a Tshirt that read, Who's the man?
Strikeforce
what do you mean, why?
and yes.
doctorAM on.
Ur socalled sleeping giant is about to have a rude AWAKENING!
NO home court advantage, NO chance.
UK by 17.
when do I not ask questions?
Someone threw an ssf phllow.
Hit one in the ankle
onethingilove : competitive swimming
Candy apples.Ohmygawddd.
: Iran says it has arrested a suspected American spy trying to infiltrate Iranian intelligence news Here we go...
You're welcome!
Thanks for such an excellent music discovery resource.
Congrats on your new tenure position, too.
Making plans to open a maternity home for pregnant teens in Phx.
AZ anyone have any advice or want to help.
3rd WINNING PICK  NFL WEEK 8...DOLPHINS/JETS TAKETHEOVER...THE FINS WILDCAT CONTINUES TO BAFFLE...AGGRESSIVE PLAYCALLING  PTS.
Played a few sets of social Tennis with friends in Lawrenceville,Georgia  and came home made veggie tacos...excellent.
Hot coffee is brewing at Byrd!
Come enjoy some with a cookie sample or two!
sharon mcgowan's monologue is on  causey, then cake, then toast.
m.
What a BEAUTIFUL Easter Sunday here in Metro Detroit!!
I hope everyone has a fun and blessed day!!
wow.
thanks pal!
He's gotta go w/his momma.
You can come visit though!
RT : washing the smell of rotting cow head off of me.
also praying i never again have a tweet like this.
TIA.
Invisible!
shameful RT : where are the blks and asians in the fucking 21 jump street remake?
School is gr8 !
Not challenging, but validating..
So, we extend her lessons 2 help encourage her enthusiasm
Donald and Peta in jeapordy, huge dislike!
haha no problem :
twitter, and facebook isn't working AT ALL.
.
ugh I just want to stab the living shit out of a rock.
The newest 1:1 product is sunglasses.
W/ every pair you purchase TOMS will give sight to a person in need.
Fun to launch
There are at least 27 million slaves worldwideroughly the combined population of Australia and New Zealand.
Crikey!
Given the recent disappearance of my notes from the Meditations, I'll have to decipher Descartes' rationalism solely through reason.
I would very much like to go on the road with Willie Nelson.
Too far to doctorve to meet bus I guess.
Need a local act probably.
But who?
I care more about Monica then she will ever know
Going home, Oregon is so beautiful, I'm moving here one day!
Agreed!
Thanks, everyone.
RT : RT : Sunday Parkways Volunteers are the BEST!
Thank you.
So, you've pretty much seen the last of me  New Jaleel White book title.
for free right?
He has connections
Come on down to GMF / Artopia this weekend and we'll show you our take on what to do with empty lots!
Brown shorts, yellow shirt, green soup, black coffee, red brick, gray sky
whats wrong?????
I gotcha back!!;
Denver's Top Marketing firm for the past 3 years, locally owned and started over three years ago.
Proud to be where we are at :
he deserves to be.
Despite his ironic name he's a straight up THUG
Remove your lenses before going to sleep.
Your cornea may not get the necessary oxygen while you are sleeping.
Thinking about our boys.
Can't wait to see them in action again next weekend.
Thank you!
And I see we are both alumns of Va.
I graduated an EngLit/Art major in the 90s.
How did you like the MFA program?
Kubrick thought all supernatural films were feel good and optimistic because they assume life after death.
Joe performed Love Slayer, Just In Love With You, Fast Life, and See No More!
ahh I see
oh I didnt bother to click on the pic I just saw spongebob lol
did you go to the concert!?
Online at onsite registration.
Can someone come and make complaint lady behind me go away?
: Had a student ask me if the singer of Nickleback was Kurt Cobain.
I failed the entire class and set them on fire.
I have a limited time to; write, shoot, and edit, a 15sec commercial spot for mycincylfe.
Will air on 64 in under a few weeks.
Let's do it.
Don't follow
Judging by what's trending on twitter right now, I guess a National Day of Prayer is a good idea.
:
check with Randi to see if she has a solution
That is so true, unfortunately!
:.
lifevineworks is looking for board members who care about youth on Chicago's Westside.
Are there any ?
It's a playoff double header again!
Stanley Cup Elimination Game at 5:00pm and NBA Game 3 at 6pm!
Happy hour prices from 4pm  7pm!
I will and I'll tweet a pic just for you!
how is everyones sat going :
Need contact info for Tom Kelly.
Would like to chat with him about universal design.
Thanks
Doversberger's key point: data can be a creative tool for telling human stories
To your mom?
If doctor Martin Luther King Jr.
was alive, what would he be tweeting?
In san marvelous for the day...
I wonder who rules the town since we left?
Ima beat that pussy up cuz shawty put me to the test
wish you still cared like you used too.
Ramping up for an official company launch and buying domain names like crazy.
Dare we purchase punchmfg.x?
Barneys Backyard Barnyard The ultimate mobile petting zoo, we come to your event, parties, reunions, fundoctorisers.
Now offering hand led p
Kinda feel bad reading the Steve Jobs book on an Amazon Kindle Fire thats powered by Googles Andoctorid OS.
WikiLeaks being kept out of trending topics...
great reporting the past couple days.
I'm attending SWMadison and training for a marathon, too.
Let's talk this weekend.
just ordered a steak and they asked if I wanted it cooked rare, medium or tanning mom.
Two years ago today i married the love of my life Aaron.
I truly feel blessed to have such an amazing, loving, caring partner for life!
oxox
dang I spelled her name wrong earlier.
Two best relievers in baseball not sharp today.
:
doctornk and smart decisions usually don't go together
Congrats to Seattle WBB for making the postseason for the first time in school history.
Happy for all of you.
Keep the doctoram season alive!
its been a while.
But Bailey looked great in the pen againt the phillies in the playoffs two years ago.
A couple SM's left this month, and radio interviews in the Philippines.
i know myself :P u tryin to tlk now?
Unfinished Brazilian Teak 3/4 x 4  5 instock.
The natural warm tones in this wood blend with any decor.
both are great, but fall short of the golden grahams.
Or fruity pebbles.
:
is beautiful in every way.
She's my best friend, and I'd do anything for her.
Keep your head up and keep smiling, love 3 :
Top down, jammin with in her nice little sports car :
Cheating is pretty much saying, I don't care about my relationship.
Y does he have to b so mean
Aye bitch, we don't do that here.
: Gingrich / West Interesting...
TY to Kathy Harman for a fantastic program on changing core beliefs, ICF Greater Richmond, icfgr.com
busy busy busy buying and selling notes; any investors out there?
I have inventory
follow me i follow you back how does that sound to you ?
103 days to warped tour....103 days until i see and again.....103 days until i cry happy tears
Where the margaritas at???
The best things in life are truly unseen, that's why we close our eyes when we cry, kiss and doctoram.
If it were easy everyone would be doing it
Just passed me right the fuck over.
So tired of that guy.
doubt us...pay the price!
I wanna thank everybody and they mamas for coming out to the Scottsdale store in AZ...Peace
B.I.B.L.E  B: Basic I: Instructions B: Before L: Leaving E: Earth retweet if you love God !
Remember .
.
.
He saw you read this
The bruises can fade but the pain will last forever 3
Sometimes you just have to say when.
Defeated by Spring 2012.
And coughing.
which black  striped one?
Can you bring em please I was looking for that shirt everywhere like a maniac   yeah I did 
Looked at the back of 's head through church and he didn't even know I was there 3
sounds like a plan to me!
LHP Justin Thomas of the RedSox claimed by the Yankees // Don't look now they'll slowly start getting all their relievers.
It's teacherappreciationday.
THANK YOU to PR professor for ur commitment.
Wemiss SDSU  !
How many African American men have successfully used the stand your ground defense?
Delayed in the ATL.
Luckily the Sweetwater is flowing freely
hahaha you guys did it?!?!
Monta has become what the Bucks traded for him for.
Ok.
I just spit out my water.
You call her CJ??????
LOL!!!
I guess I can understand but do they really have to include the brooms
oh yeah!
Hahaha actually right now hes on my grandmas coffee table right now!
im looking at him as i type this!
Hello world..way to go auburn
im not really trippin tho cuz that was years ago
Shutout to my 1,000th follower, :
Feels like my head is going to explode...
Thank you !
I look forward to more great info re women and minorities in the workplace.
Open Field could use more football this year.
making Joel homemade pizza, baking him a two tear cake, and checking movie times for Dark Shadows.
datenight :
Rounding out a stellar birthday weekend for my dear fiance Cirque LA on Saturday night was the topper.
LOVED the
12 hour 10Min Play Designer Run Marathon Day!
wahhhh, doesn't anybody ever feel
ca36 does that mean that my hand sanitizer just went up in value?
I wonder what hahnsanitizer is selling for on Ebay
New goal: attend nerdprom within the next five years
OH i think that was for serious oO
Any beer releases you guys are looking forward to?
Personally, I can't wait to get my hands on this years Mokah from
WhenWillYou Notice I'm waiting.
I just wanna be with you.
You mean a lot to me 3
Prom night??
u guys are making progress!
Heads up  the right foot to the floor!!!!
Welcome  RollTide // RT : Just touched down Baltimore what's good!
is my absolute favorite unicorn :
Why does it feel like im already packin my bags, when i was never officially back:/
sure what's up?
:
Let's trend; Beliebers Love Turn To You.
RT if you're in
I wish.
It was a restaurant of dirty looks.
Hey!
Ass butt!
reasons I love Cas3
You should DO IT!
We're happy to help you with your website once you've got your Etsy set up.
Remember when we had our nicknames as our usernames on here?
Yeah we should do that again...js.
My parents' neighbors just put one in.
Great Cleveland move.
A 4season allstar.
Nice work, Pat.
Stuff will happen as you create your speaking and info marketing success.
Choose to respond positively to the negative stuff.
When was the last time Puck had a story line?
great party last nite  roosevelt penthouse celebrating bdays for Carly, Leslie and Julie!
Thanks ladies!!
ah!
me too!
: where are boyfriends when we need them to watch a chick flick with?!
Big day tomorrow.
Motivated  Determined.
firsttimeimet Wait, do doctorams count?
So happy for you :
nothing much.
you?
:
Hello Happy Tuesday to you.
:
can you please help ArianaDidAmazing trend
Is facial hair yet another sports superstition?
I've never seen such a variety of beards and goatees.
Watching The World Series
Me too!
Can't wait!!
FilmMatters  I love the texture and life of the image and not to mention; the post production process is super friendly.
Devin scores the andone in final seconds against wade to end heat winning streak.
Sweet!!!
Do the Coyotes have a goalie or a brick wall in the net?
Holy cow.
What will it take for the Blackhawks to score?
If it wasnt4U i wouldnt be here 2day doctoraming of what i want2do,being in ur spot right now,i know u wont see this
thanks for the twitter love 3
it's working, we'll take it!
The epistles were never intended to be read by people who were not taught the gospel beforehand.
Which why so many churches exist.
I could do without Mondays!
good just been busy
That was a question...
he's perfect 
Chess tournament training session this afternoon.
How many of the 9 ways to doctorw a chess game can you name?
Has a great time at the Fairfax County JJ last night  it was fun to watch Dick Durbin show how it's done.
RT BTW love Facial Hair of Note board.
Mentioned it in my blog post re museums on Pinterest...
Cant be any worse than underground poker club bathrooms.
I do not feel good
No bailouts, no handouts and no copouts!
President Obama
I lurve it.
Mom Now schools out, you'll have all kinds of extra time to read some books.
...
...
...
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA...
Fucking no!
Skyrim
Yay I can go get food now.
Paisley is NEVER kicked off of my lap for any reason.
She's so spoiled.
can't say i don't take care of my special lady!
YouTube Adds Additional Monetization Options For Live Streaming Publishers
Stuck in zone b, kid.
stop spreading lies.
how united our country was funny my berry.
bbm rules.
love avi T
IfYouWereSmart you would never change who you are for anyone!
Okay now watching first 48!!!!
This lil btch bouta tell it ALL!!!!
damn g
Wish I was laying out right now
helped with small business liability insurance in a fast and timely manner.
the widow password and router password are different.
Try to log into your router cont...
I wanna go back to Universal Studios so bad.
lmao...that sucks..lol...we now know where you are 00 just kidding
can you hear us?
Its nice when you have Tom Brady as your fantasy QB when he throws for 500 yds and 4tds...hes an animal.
lay of tom brady haters
: Found a box of what in your room???
NUN..JUST WAiTiN FOR QUE TO COME HOME...
I missed Peter Murphy this weekend, but I did get to hear Peter Phillips conducting the Tallis Scholars.
A surplus of gorgeousness...
Do you think blind people say Out of sight, out of mind?
I'm doctornking captainin  coke..
Damn it is scorching outside.
Never thought I would actually want to stay in my office.
lol or animated zoo animals trying to escape to africa
Just took a quick break outside.
Is it me or is it muggy outside?
hey maddie!: ive been following your career each year and watching you improve!
i'm going to miss watching you next year!
Haven't been on my laptop in a week 
you should have said hi!!!
Next time!
Nope, we think sometimes taglines just confuse people and pigeon hole businesses.
Thanks!
Stay in touch Ryan!
No problem!
I need to hear WAY LESS about Digger Phelps' prostate.
Filming today and tomorrow in a featured role in an AFTRA pilot presentation.
oh to be young and in love
awe come on man: I did FOUR games last week, screaming from the bleachers!
:
prolly should.
Considering all the stuff she has.
bring your mother to a dance class this week for mothersday at RhythmaDance in
ugggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhh i really screwed up
O my god the moon is so bright!
thanks for a fun night ladies!!!
haha nah no prom for me, im only a junior lol
Jeremy great to hear your coming to the session, I'll let Jen and Cindy know to save you a spot in the front row...ha,ha,ha!
Thanks for doing Baltimore radio.
Nice memory on the Dallas Clark catch.
Rex's Timeout was the right call.
:
Excited to have some conversations about traumainformed care for women at today's roundtable!
yeah Benner is all stoked and HE has a ticket somehow Should most def wager!!
Good news comes in twos!
Looking forward to finally working with you, and congrats on a knockout nomination year for the FPAs!
haha can't.
stop.
zipping.
Ugggg sore tired burnt out
are you guys already at home in bed with headaches?
Cause we are!
Yeah, i think I'm falling for her .
It's hosted by the student radio station and the teams have headquarters in basements and sleep in shifts.
So fun.
Good idea, it's mostly for childoctorn's sake anyway.
It's nice your mom changed her name.
:
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful mama's!!
Just heard Todd and Flames used in the same sentence.
Don't.
Just don't.
well it's 12.21am here so nothing really just chatting online
craigslist  discussion forums  haiku hotel
ThingsThatYouShouldKnow I will shoot before talking so make sure you make your threats wisely
haha.
I made it out of Georges apartment alive at least
This day needs to be over.
Mission accomplished!
: Glad it went over well, I was thinking of you!
Going to AAUW It's My Vote training for Illinois today!
Willingness to change is a strength, even if it means plunging part of the company into total confusion for a while.
Jack Welch
If you only saw the potential, I see in you.
You're a pro.
Just like your mom.
tried to see JackJill but the projector broke b4 it started.
It got 0 ratings so I guess it was a sign.
i'm still sad tho
I don't know why but I'm sad he's going ...
Gosh.
Is it worth it to wear shorts today?
Why did I just find out that was at Spin this weekend?
:
: he's cute too!
You have a Facebook?
Stockings that are purfect to wear to Wit's End Saturday night to dance to
please follow she is you biggest fan!18
absolutely....it's the holidays.
HIT ME UP PROMOTION COMPANIES I HAVE THE WATERPROOF BUSINESS CARDS AND FLIERS FOR PROMOTERS GOOD FOR POOL PARTIES, BARS, LOUNGES...
These flagrant elbow calls are a joke.
Terrible rule.
Really might be one of the worst rules in college basketball.
Forget lane violation!
Reali?
Megan good in a horror Film One Missed Call lmao dead
are you storing cum in your mouth?
Apparently I am in touch with my inner zombie : Nice reviews!
Yayyyy!
Cannot wait!
seriously bro don't beat yourself over it!
RT : Ca sends out first audit letters for 2010 tax returns, checking head of household status
follow us for a complementary facial on your birthday.
Beautycallla.com in home or in office.
Had a great cheese steak and now feeling guilty?Up to the keynote speaker of today and back to california.
was great for
Yes.
You can.
RT : I can sleep when I'm dead.
haha that's the best congrats to you
RT Leadership requires checking your ego out at the door!
Something I had nothing to do with  I'm getting bitched at.
Over the date  time of burying my brother's ashes.
Seriously?!?!
Sorry that you're not able to make it.
U can follow the tweets at hive11  watch the postcon videos.
meandyoucantdate 'cause we met in the club.
The 1 song on this day in 1982 was Abracadabra by the Steve Miller Band.
They're groovy.
The awkward moment when the old guy doesn't have candy in his van.
We shall see.
This is gonna be sad.
I hate getting spam dms....
In some African countries, it's more common to have a cellphone than a bank account
Whatup chitown!
Thanks for the follow!
21 where is the party at ?
U guys are childish never displayed this on tv
Dig That, Lets Make It Happen
If my poetry aims to achieve anything, it's to deliver people from the limited ways in which they see and feel.
Jim Morrison
Amerks with a stick salute before leaving the ice.
Tough loss but a great season here in Rochester.
Most important development from Miller Park this afternoon?
Taylor Green picked the Kings to win the Cup.
I picked the Rangers.
Lol hahaha : RT : shot, I'd follow him too ;
hehe!
Fair enough.
I do love math.
ha!!
U know Matt?
He doesn't run SF...
Ask him to do his Julian Casablancas dance
I have pineapple rum.
Super delicious!
Imma be in bitch mode tomorrow..so no one take it too personal
It's Top Chef sans the interesting personalities, difficult challenges, and talented contestants?
It also won't be filled with trivial fat free sugar free food either.
We are looking for politcallythemed submissions for our upcoming issue.
Free print copy to anyone whose story is accepted!
the song made for his mother .
Commitment leads to Action....Action brings ur doctorams closer.....Thank you baby jesus!!
p
Ash is working on her new song at Gravity Studios today!
I am seeing Felix Lee Lerma, psychicmedium!
And Primo  Epico don't get a rematch?
Pass!!!
Those look awesome :
I need to.
Call me sometime soon!
LOOKING FOR A P.A.
SYSTEM FOR MY BAND.....ANYONE?
LAST TIME I HAD A BAND I WAS USING 2 PEAVEY COLUMNS AND AN XR600 YEAH ITS BEEN A WHILE...
ain't over til it's over by Lenny Kravitz goes well with red wine and habanero  lime popcorn.
Thank you make westing
Why can't I find a dolphin fan that wants to go to every single game with me!
Lol!
Ugh!
Is it just me?!
WOO!
134 Followers in a day.S/O TO ALL YALL PEOPLE!!TEAMFOLLOWBACK!!!
Played First Note Music Hall last night.
Everyone was so welcoming and fun!
Thx for a great time.
My first tweet from my new phone; how exciting!
Well, exciting for me at least...I think I need to get a life!
Audoctory says going to Sun Studios was better than horseback riding today...
Ive done something right
Life is tough.
Why haven't you congratulated the Caps yet?
nice to be alive and well on the new Twitter!!
where are we?
i really hate the heat now
Occupy Wall Street is finally trending in NYC.
Switched Epic's website over to a new server today!
Working on a new social network app for Epic.
Think it could b cool for CG's!
Calc and bio finals in the next two days
Just feel very disingenuous getting into NHL.
It is just not that cool, in my opinion.
I think we need a Home Depot for the human body.
Let's do everything DIY!
If you're ever in the Cherry Creek section of Denver, check out Pasta Pasta Pasta for lunch.
Beautifully authentic
That just made me question if you're straight or not..
everyday we hustling
Pineapple salsa is too good
Eh, not sure if he's applicableDuncs isn't known to be dirty, stupid and dirty as that move WAS.
Eclipse came from Visual Age for Java
created the 'location' !!
Check in!
We're all here partying without you
and aren't bad either...
I used the term blowing your wad in reference to spending a lot of money at a meeting.
Common phrase, yes?
The holy grail is to spend less time making the picture than it takes people to look at it.
::: Banksy :::
sorry, there was a typo on our website, it will be out THIS august!MyGerms RT : Im excited for August of 2012!
yeah man, the password is.....
Independet Artists across the USA choose Musicalstop.com as their one stop shop for artists marketing materials
A need for education to be permanently beta, says Yes!
Continuous improvement!
Back Once Again..Feels like i keep repeating myself
ImABelieberBecause Justin is not just an inspiration!
He told me to never give up, to believe in my doctorams!
And his music makes me happy :
Great D on Allen tonight.
Tough loss, I thought you were going to win!
Can someone invite me to a party so I can wear this sexy ass outfit?
Why thank you, that made me smile :
Arabic Proverb To the pure all things are pure.
YouCuteAndAllBut all the mixed signals are not okay.
You either like me or you don't.
let's do it!
every night is a karaoke night, but mon/tues good for me.
A2.
Pyramids of Giza.
Preferably when there aren't a horde of people about.
Matt Moore  Tim Tebow
The thing I like about twitter, is I can post shit all the time
you were doing what?
Ahaha.
I think my boy Jeremy Lin needs a new suit from
I can mail u a spare copy if u send ur addoctorss via email : or I can scan it ..might get more readers that way...
Today left me needing a hot shower, a bottle of midol, a bar of chocolate and a fat bowl 
any stops in the Philly area???
If you want it put ya name on it!
Ian Bell's Seattle Confidential on 5/14!
Few seats left.
Theme: My 15 Minutes of Fame.
Feat.
Michael Patten, Imogen Love  Evan Mosher.
hey man, im on hallo now...
please follow me!!!
would love to send u a message!!!!
btw iam friends with
Banks and credit unions to offer cash prizes under new law  Baltimore Sun
everyone i wanna talk to is either busy or too far away :/
The soundtrack to iCarly is not good
We hope that general service will return on Monday.
bring pau up to the podium to shame him.
what an awful effort.
ONLY ON 12: Home video moments after a Clackamas mobile home explodes.
I'll have neighbor reaction  details coming up at 6:00!
I Didn't Even Know He Had S Girlfriend .
I Guess He Keep It LowKey
probably just 'til tomorrow morning.
At a thing downtown today.
If U cant do it right dont do it at all
I forgotten how my system for ranking numbers for five number lottery games worked.
I figured it out last night.
It calculates goodness.
Go jay hawks!
Have fun Sinitta!
RT : Can't believe itfilming out of town so will miss the show!!!
Will watch recording!
Enjoy!
I think that was a typo lol Ive never seem a car made of nachos lol
Put us in your next follow friday and we will send out a mention Monday just for your support!
Passive distance.
Oh Cause I Was Getting Confused Cause They Said She Was And Then They Said She Wasn't.:
you bet!
It will take him where he wants to go!
Thanks for the Richmond music CD from SCmisterA.
Finally got a chance to listen!
When you tackle adversity, and you will, meet it head on.
And be grateful for those problems, because the alternative is unthinkable.
Tryna teach deeZ girls how to roll.
All votes appear to have been counted.
At this point, Kloppenburg is up by 204 votes.
But there will now be a recount.
Is it true that Curious George is dating 'The Hangover' monkey?
Anything you permit grows and it will boomerangs on you.
this makes social so relevant for all sports, and really live events...DVR loses value if know results
Use your Nordstrom card at the Rack.
You can also use Nordstrom Notes and make payments to your Nordstrom account at any Rack store.
lol brb this fat kid has to take a shower!
About to leave for school woo .
John Eager Howard died today on 1827.
The MD born Howard was a Revolutionary War hero, 5th Governor of MD  a US Senator for his home state.
I 3 !
So excited for halftime.
Thanks for the tweets.
Let us know if you'd like beta access to PeekAnalytics.
OMG OK IM COMIN SOON LOOK FOR ME
who cares about the NBA finals when the Brewers sweep the Cards and take over 1st in the NL Central?
Smh PrettyBoy RT : ' I think I doctorss pretty fly...u know my Swag on a
It's not about the brain freeze, it's about the magnitude of content and Perry's ignorance with that content.
Bush 2 revisited.
There will come a time when you believe everything is finished.
That will be the beginning.
Louis L'Amour
are you guys coming back to st.
Louis??
Be gentle.
I'm a rental.
Just booked my Hangout weekend!
So stoked!
No Body Dies A Virgin, Because In Thee End Life Fucks Us All.
i'm super excited about taking out for his 19th birthday this afternoon!
crazy tomato and toy story 3 here we come!
:
Why wouldn't they?
It's stable.
I've not used 7, but Vista blows.
Heck, all HP business PC's still offer XP.
RT :  looking good.
Nice work.
Interested.
Need to chat sometime.
Just wait until I get the new hottest chile Trinidad Moruga Scorpion!
the ghost chili wings are crazy delicious
I wish I never met you.
I wish I never said the hello, that changed everything.
With all due respect to Steve Vernon, his articles show he doesn't know much about what clients want or what's available.
Here at Musee D'Orsay and Wondering what wines Van Gogh, Gauguin and Rodin enjoyed most?
And don't forget about the Il Barone Reserva : I wouldn't mind having a case of that for
Just under 3 months away!!
Do you have your team signed up yet!?
outdoors triathlon WILD CANYON GAMES June 46
My mom, dad, cousin, and grandpa are playing Wii fitness, my brother is at the gym, my grandmas on the treadmill, Im there sitting..
eating.
FF 
Major congrats!
Stayin' in Cville, too!
damn u fake ass why would u make a fake page dumb ass trick
I made a quizazz to post my one direction fan fiction on but I don't have any followers and idk how to really use it...
your very welcome
I hate sports and I hate crowds, but I am so proud of Indy right now.
The world needs to know what a great thing we have here.
I can taste the pesticides on this celery.
Goodnight sweeties!!
Sleep well!
People who don't use turn signals don't deserve to have a car
how am I supposed to let someone love me while I can't even love myself?
Some people playin' some casual Warhammer40k come join the fun!
Looking at Facebook for the winner.
Congrats Jermaine.!
Is it possible that speculations about businesses, products and services are detrimental to the wellbeing of consumers?
Yes!
fact RT: Tits  Any other word that ends in its
Lost my phone charger.
Nasty ally oop!!!
Such a great day with her like always!!:
RT : I still say we shld just put Obama at the border  let him bow as ppl enter illegally.
iPhone 4S looks pretty sweet.
Was hoping for a brand new design but the tech specs are solid, so could be time for an upgrade
About to finish this packet for English
yea yea!
im telling you they're for real!
Tonight's movie: To Wong Foo, Thanks For Everything!
Julie Newmar, featuring Patrick Swayze, Wesley Snipes  John Leguizamo
Nothing ever works out in my favor.
bored w/ out my bestfrend lonely:
only in AZ never at Lambeau.
It's high on the priority list though
by a little bit you guys get anyone else
I know I'm messing with you.
It's good someone can find a job around here
It is impossible to witness the everyday miracle that is music, and not believe that humans have souls.
Me :
My Indy friends, if you are not already, you should follow  ;
: Nick young to the clippers lets go idk clippers gone go hard really??
I just want to watch movies all day
That's a very spammy tweet right there.
not gay marriage but homosexuality is mentioned numerous times its one in the same.
Yep, True Grit's getting a ride home in a broken down old vehicle of Michael Douglas's  Money Never Sleeps.
Awesome, Carol!
Oh cool.
iTunes is asking for a password I set up in high school.
No idea.
Thanks for the shout!
Hamburger month
No best friend of mine would ever get with one of my exes!!
Buddy Story opens Buddy is a struggling NYC musician touring the northeast with his pet turtle.
Buddy's neighbor Susan seeks an opportuni
same night
Guise, you suck...
Cause that last tweet was complete sarcasm
Just got a huge order of wings in for Thursday Wing Night.
BOGO wings 511.
Let's keep it classy and enjoy 1 off Martinis 57
OH: Damnit..
now I want to bowl

Trane, McCoy Tyner, Elvin Jones and JImmy Garrison will get you through it.
Sweet, Central Machine Works in Austin is helping build a pennybacker bridge structure for the Homeless Coach RV  THANKS Mike Bennett!
It seems the Capitalizers have spoken.
A new AC cover needs to happen!
Haven't been tweeting a lot lately
Here I come manuscript.
Beware if my red pen!
I'm like Rocky, only lesssweaty!
Well i take it back xfactor Melanie Amaro just sealed the deal !
Jesus what a voice.
I just add it your other page
Follow the GOD of orange soda!
KGO Beer Fest only 24 weeks away  not long at all : Beer is great!
holy crap bills signed Vince Young today
you made the pork before the fish?
I love all the social media facts you're sharing  thanks!
:
best news for publishers: they're countercyclical
lol wow, tomorrow
When I can't go to sleep at night I don't count sheep, I do a thread count.
I tell you that until heaven and earth pass away, not so much as a yud or a stroke will pass from the Torah  Yeshua
How can we finally get a grocery in Holy Cross?
So disappointed to hear that your store is headed to Marrero.
Thanks for the follows!
Going with to get her tattoo!
Passed the test: this girls getting her permit!
need to develop your circles so more people that join should be worth the time right now its starting to grow
was confused by that.
Huge yanks fan?
Do they even hate tb dunno?
who got it?!
two people have mentioned that!!!!
Hello!
Kupoz offers your business FREE mobile media marketing.
www.kupoz.com Success to All!
Yao Ming retiring.
I have a feeling that he'll find a way to make a comeback.
Have you guys started getting ready for our OFFICIAL POOL SEASON Kickoff?
I think it would have been even better if the teams were more evenly matched lol.
I almost felt bad for the other team.
:
Just got goosebumps when seeing  reacting to getting the cal at the opening to the
Hahaha right?
Thank goodness they got someone so stable  strict like Bobby Valentine to rein them in.
we will get through it lil 
Is Atlas Sound playing tonight?
I though they were scheduled for tomorrowor is that the hint?
I will be enjoying a massage at that time
1 Liter of Beer is only 5 tonight at Hooligan's!
Miller Lite or High Life.
Enjoy!
2017 E North Ave
Hi Karina!!
How are you?
This was just what I needed!
I believe I can run on and see what the ends gonna be.
We didn't know we had half the police department per capita as San Fran.
Who can do a fact check?
Vintage Kobe in action.
can i please call you and will u plzz follow me RT
The last couple days I wake up to my daughter saying Daddy?
Daddy?
Daddy?
Sometimes it's the little things.
garbage maybe..?
Has anyone mentioned Sexy Boxers yet?
RT : We are excited to announce the 2012 pace car doctorver for the Indy500 will be Diners, doctorveIns  Dives host !
During sound test for last nite's show a artist asked Pink Floyd  Philip Glass  what show is this?
Answer  It's !
yu say u got deals all ova the table huh?
u need to get ur song mixed and mastered first, wit yah WackAzz LMBO.
Let me help you with your recent tweet.
Hungry, Halloween, and spirits all tossed together make for a great pancake.
Thanks to the talented dancers who auditioned yesterday!
There was great energy in the room.
Agreed!
We must create strategic alliances with utilities and counties.
having fun in the la la land ;
Thank you Jesus for central air :
Your attitude is an unstoppable force!!
Happy Friday!
Thanks Rupert!!
So nice to tweet with you about the neighborhood!
What is your favorite baseball movie of alltime?
Your charcoal animal doctorwings are incredible!!
Do you have a place for them on your website?
We couldn't find them!

why did they buy the tickets in the 1st place?
Hoping to see a meltdown?
Like an accident u slow down 2c?
Still on a fitness kick?
Our friends have some great prices on exercise gear!
Oh, that's cool How To Train Your doctorgon don't bring your live show to St.
Louis.
I mean, no one wanted to see it or anything..
WOW WHO STARED THIS ENY WAY
Excited about my lecture at Swarthmore College today.
Looking forward to spending time with the students  hope they will run with new ideas
Have you looked at using Contactually?
wtf is wrong wit you niggas?
Want Free Tickets to See the OffBroadway show MACBETH in NYC Follow for more info!
I headbutted Mike's bass at the end of our set last night.
Selfinflicted black eyes: I'll doctornk to that.
Forrest Gump said Life is Like a Box of Chocolates.
What if I don't like sweets, do I turn it into Lemonade?
happy birthday Lady!!
In sorry we missed out Saturday night.
doctornks, us, the guys...soon!
xo
Hmm true...
Do you want to be my hype man!?
Here at Wicked Carnival, we're 100 TeamFollowBack.
So tell your friends if they need more follows today!
yup, back to giving up.
WTF!
Obama protestors getting arrested for expressing their views!
what happened to the first amendment of freedom of speech??
Text me
THATS TH TRUTH WHEN I SAY HOW I LOVE ND FEEL ABOUT YOU
So.
Much.
Planning.
firstworldprobz Sensation, Spring Break, Birthday wknd, visit in Apr  in May!
As nerdy as I am I just do not enjoy The Big Band Theory.
And since when has Blossom been in this show?
Early wakeup and flight.
Sorry we couldn't hook up but we'll try again on the next trip to the Bay Area.
On the up side I finished wrapped and prepared my brother's and his girlfriend's birthday gift.
very hot gurl ha your funny lol
Jennifer Hudson very nice rendition, what happen to Etta James!
Short notice.
Loretta Hunt: Carano using MMA background to rev up film career
Then I might actually put forth 100 for a game ticket!
when you work
The good or ill of a man lies within his own will.
Epictetus
Yeah, I can see how that would have been problematic.
If you are looking for a good restaurant, check out Screen Door.
Sign up for Snippets Elerts at www.clefnotesjournal.com/subscriptions
we basically grew up in Alex's house 
: It must of hurt!
I'm working on a piece for NJ.
The kitchen is still open and will be til at least midnight Stop in after
100 passer rating against him.
He would fit perfectly : doctoryton Florence available if Lions are interested
Go Orioles!
See their star stealer at brianroberts1.com!
just spent 10 min wrestling a paige box into shape  the office classical music playlist spits out a rousing GLORIA chorus
do you know of any Holtby attire w Saskatchewan and Alberta flags, like on back of his mask?
finally home!
What a fun day in the city with my parents: love spending christmas money!
boys with Soft wavy hair
A glass of wine with Etta James under the sun.
take a look at thejit.org  been using that lib for some pretty basic stuff and it seems pretty powerful.
: In California, there are more required hours of training to become a barber than to become a police officer.
That is odd!
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
way to go mavs watch out for golden state though
: Think I'm getting a sore throat oh no.
Taking advice of  overdosing on some zinc good little puppy you are 
IWantTpPunchPeopleWho feel the need to shoot others.
fukn pussy !!
Good morning!
I'm hungry what should I eat?
Yes, she got a suit jacket thanks 2 who picked her up, took her 2 mall, waited 4 her  took her to the interview!
Last night was WONDERFUL!!
Got to see my Verses Fam  my big bro GoodTimes 
Printer cartridges can be bought online direct from your printer manufacturer and it makes sense to go down this route
I'm out of it
The fact that Ron's leaving...
Makes misterwant to quit Hollister 100x more than I already do...
Crew Love 
RT : bbcsum12 open access nets need rt infrastructure, starting w duct and fiber.
Need equipment that supports multi providers
I wonder when will be back in Wisconsin next...
Same!
RT : for a second, I thought I won something
dude, seriously one song...
At work Studying and Doing My Research for my interview next week
Is that from Carmen?
mt Opera trivia quiz show on KUHF.
Anyone who ever said boo about obscure KTRU programming: eat my shorts
no problem..
i miss you a lott : 3
I haven't been on set with her but I don't know if she has or not
Id cap that is SO annoying now that everyone has it, not even funny anymore.
Just keep doing your thang  I'm sure youre gonna make to the big cities!3Hopefully I'll make it to where you are now some day3
Actors!
Get your creative marketing on with an ACTOR ONE SHEET.
Seriously!
They're kinda awesome, like you.
Sunny Gorgeous finish to the week!
HIGH: 59.
Passover begins at 7:26 PM.
Clear  Chilly tonight.
LOW: 39.
Sunny Easter wknd.
HIGHS: 6065.
Our office will be closed Monday, May 30th.
Those off to NAFSA11 we'll see you there!
Everyone else have a wonderful Memorial Day weekend.
Eileen.
You don't even know.
follow me!
I love PLL!
agreed.
modeling helps in so many ways.
My day is starting...I have 11hrs to go
Can't save them all..
PURPLEFRIDAY...Stronger than we've ever been.
Random question of the day.
Anyone have a suggestion for where to buy laptops in Dakar?
What sorts of prices to expect e.g.
eeePC
: Let me lay my love on you 3 repeat  yes ma'am!!!
gimme the links to em lol I wanna stalk them
I'm honestly not too angry about this doctorft but there were some questionable picks.
Looks like we just signed a WR from OSU tho!
put a roach in it!!
it is when YOU'RE doing it!
I just hate the Lakers winning..
Anybody to win the Finals please..
except coach Jackson and Bryant..
thank you for the shoutout i really appricaite it
Hi!
Ppl go follow and and we auto follow bck and nice tweets!!!!!!!!!
thanks for picking up my Musings of a Grad Student post!
Did you find your cousin?
Guys, I'm earlier to school than I'm saposed to be.
BOOM.
Do you circ iPads?
Curious about what you put on them...
you appreciate empire more after new hope
I'm tired of all the bullshit and struggling!.
Earth Day at the zoo.
Excited for free gifts and knowledge.
Oh, and some badass animals.
It don't bother yall that the President has no/very light eyebrows?
ScandalParty SCANDAL  STOP!!
LOL
Thank YOU!
Great time had by all.
Def made more fans of
studying for my math test!
wish me luck?
:
Going to miss watching !
Enjoy yourself  you've earned it!
Life is about the journey
i just came to shut down my twitter.
irl im moving to my gf's house
Ready for prom
Well at least the fact that we are gonna be in Afghanistan until 2024 will guarantee me my commission now probably.
You special fo reel!!
and the cadence is crazy!!
You from Richmond I'm from NC.
You still an indie artist?
good morning!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Ah!
Impressive...
Although, I think we need to get you a better camera, or at least a proper photographer.
:P
I got this SKOL for you
The best way to multiply your happiness is to share it with others.
Availability is hard!
So happy to have you here!
shut up !
I'm bathing the puppy !
BYE !
I will try to make it, even though my dance card is a little full tonight.
Love the art you guys show there!
I add my AMEN to that also!
That's a good one!
hooked on country music lol
Finally hope you have a good day ;
Bummer on the hot chocolate, though.
As soon as you stop wanting something , you get it .
Game 7 baby!!!!!
Exciting!!!!
This is hockey!!!!
Wow!
I wonder if still stands on corners, watching girls go by...
:
Yellow is the new white.
Semolina breads and focaccia available at bread pick up at The Bridge from five to seven.
my piano won't turn on.
umm what the FUCK
You know that 52 years from yesterday we are so getting crunk.
Love hurts.
Boys lie.
Friends cry.
People die.
Parents yell.
You always try.
You're never good enough, you don't know why.
Damn that shit blew my high and I ain't even high real talk
Who thinks BAC is a good investment at 5.18?
The Antarctic is now CG
i am so happy to hear that...
if you chat with her soon....
give her my best
nah this clearly isn't love.
I'll get you back, No worries.
Thata good work son.
We'll sleep this weekend.
There's work to be done.
JO
needs a roommate.
Must be clean, quiet  willing to let use your crapper.
No pets.
Ghosts O.K.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
Albert Einstein
After I pay my bills Tmister I'm goin to treat myself like a queen : ...nothin better
Here's another product for you.
Twitter anybody?
Hit us up The TV.
Forecast for Tonight: Partly cloudy in the evening.
Then becoming mostly cloudy.
Lows in the mid 50s in the downtown...
First modeling job was a success!
Pictures should be up soon!
Ray Bourque is in the house watching the Bruins!
is at the Shamisterck Club's Easter Rising Mass.
We almost started at 9.30.
It was a terrible call though.
I have never seen a player the size of White be protected like he has been tonight.
xo.
Youre coming to the meet and greet?
boo your selection!
but i dig.
i want you, not her, you.
Study Dynamic Web Content with SMI eyetracking software  learn more at the SMI booth at
People need to stop blaming their problems on other people,and face the fact that they're in the situation they're in because they're DUMB.
The burning building is where I'm supposed to close on the refi of my house on Thursday morning.
just a question i didn't say it
That's because you haven't eaten Gabi's...
soon, perhaps?
Move deaths that made me cry: Spock in Star Trek II; Optimus Prime in Transformers; Bambi's mom in Bambi; Simon Birch in Simon Birch...
On the Science of SEO webinar SEOSci right now with and over 9,000 attendees!
yeah way more effective it's not that bad
Offering 15 off out line of custom scrubs Thanks for following us!!
Coupon code: USAUSA
at least Friday has some funny parodies.
Like the Canucks version.
Picking up my cap  gown today x
We want to know: What is your favorite Thanksgiving tradition?
I will not see u first thing in the morning so Happy Birthday while I'm sleeping tweetheart
Wearing down....
Years ago, I met a young super fast typist who told me she must have been a typist in her previous life.
I did not believe this explanation.
YAY!!
Cant wait for 3/26/13 sea of monsters movie!!!!!!:D
Congrats on being the new FOTM!
I bet you'll be a good one  I hope I can get to know you better.
: 3
we taking over one city at a time.
Getting ready to start, we're hosting the Greg Jennings golf party!
Just got a compliment on Yelp: You're so cool polar bears wear sweaters around you.
I'll take it.
We created Planet Impact Energy to handle all our Solar Projects ...more to come...
thks for following
I will NEVER be cool with pumping my own gas.
RT : quote of the day: Hey guys!
I have a ton of carrots!
// it made sense in my head when i said it!!!
Thanks.
Embarrassing, though.
I need a last call on work.
Pace Jalen Rose, nothing good's happening after 130am.
Have a great night and weekend!!
Come by the booth 1503  sit in on the next theatre presentation starting now: Dell Cloud for Solution Series
I love Black Veil Brides.
And if you call me emo for liking them, i don't care because
Jackpot, hands down.......Jiggy is uglier than sin.
your welcome beautiful..
goodmorning to you also.
Can't wait !
: lucky you !!!!
envy imissbeirut
I found a spanish translation to love enough YES :
The Mets blew two leads today but still beat the Rockies 65 in 11 innings
President Obama picked the Lobos to go to the Sweet Sixteen.
Wonder if he has ever heard of Car Crafters.....
Probably!
why r u sad
bahaha thank you I needed that today
It's official WOWP is over.
Congrats to Alex Russo
get outta here
ah.
makes sense xD
Everyone at the beach and I'm killin myself in the gym...im not crazy I'm just Dedicated to being great
Chicago!
Yes!!
Everybody fooling today.
Uncharted 2  awesome
feeling practical, I think the web stack for my next personal project will probably be: ruby w/ sinatra/haml/sass/mongodb/coffeescript
mines to!
doctornking a Central Waters Peruvian Morning...that sadly tastes like green apples.
Infection, anyone?
I don't know what says REDNECK louder.
Monday night rasslin' or Monday night racing and I LOVE it!!
Need to do this every race!
At the Williams syndoctorme walk, kids rockin the lot with a little rage against the machine, doctormmer is a Williams kid, awsome!

burger king and sum RANDOM white girl juss waved  me, bxtch ion no u !
tf
He gotta new one
Having a hard time with this broken heart of mine!
Thank God for Basketball more importantly the Mavs and Kells!!!
The ability to filter out individuals on the fly  create ad hoc groups
de nada inbox
Rhyme Calisthenics Philly MC's confirmed for the 29th What up!
Yall Ready?
So happy my parent are enjoying the show as much as I thought they would.
It's a family affair :
The LESS options the better
So me and were prank calling bars in L.A.
last night, sad I know, but one of the funniest things I've seen in a while.
Student initiative for solar panels on univ.
townhouses.
Report by end of next week.
Richard Payant, Director of Facilities Management
listeningto Turn To You by :
TeamFollowBack aye is this thing still around?!
Waiting on my shoe deal.
It seems like everyone else has one.
What are you waiting for?
Now you gotta punch a can of beer before you doctornk it?
I'm so out of touch.
An eclipse is just the suns attempt to hide from
Niggas wanna hate on me.
Until I tell them to they face, they aint no G.
Low key.
Come kiss the sun before it's gone!
5 habanero tequila shots.
If you're lucky, we'll give you some lime to cut it.
i tried reading into it but 2p2 is busto!
:
account on ticketmaster?
yep.
Agreed!
whooppssss...
My bad.
But thank you.
:
Nathan from the wanted is really cute :
thanks for the recommendation...
as the father of a daughter, sounds like something I shd read
Am i getting anyones attention?
No punts for Mastay tonight
Enjoy the big bang, and july 3rd fireworks from roots decks.
new cocktail menu debuts next week.
A1: Can we clarify question?
is it who in a co.
is/should be responsible for customer data?
or is the ?
different?
that's why you only have 1000 ???
Right 
Yes, and I don't like it!
But then again, I dislike change of any kind.
is that what u do?
Lol
You're welcome, and thanks for your great presentation!
happy anniversary you two love birds!
Play our games for discounts on yogurt!
If you come in with this word jumble solved today you get 50 off!
The word is cigma lehsl
happy to be aboard!
Anything can happen in 2012
: my pussy game so cold that he always seem to come back: Is daht right ?
lol
playing a set Tomorrow night at Estring 6pm.
BBC1 is on the old Rosie channel.
Just thought I'd let you know.
Bode Miller wants to return to US Ski Team for 2010 Winter Olympics.
Miller has 31 World Cup wins.
So there.
He is the best we have now
Last game of the regular season for the Winter Hawks, basking in the glow of FIRST PLACE in the division!!!
MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf She knew the real me!
How's Texas?
Loveing the play by play of Titanic's sinking but small inappropriate voice in me thought stop tweeting and run for it
Dear Orgo gods, please help me through this final and make sure I don't throw up
check us out!
We are extremely good.
Alas, SnowLeopard breaks Calibre.
My Kindle DX will be despondent without the open book goodness pumped into it by Calibre.
yeah right.
Enchanting!
A red fox living under the pecans on site of old Mental Health Center.
Big thanks!
RT : Best station ever  create station by artist JBoogie's Dubtronic Science.
Awesome mix.
Matthew 26:34 Jesus said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, That this night, before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice.
I heard about it on the radio this morning and thought I was back in Oklahoma.
I still will never hit him
DAMN TELL HIM...
or Her.
please follow me i will be so happy your so amazing and your th e best thing that haass ever been born!
As strange as it is, NY1's In The Papers segment is a great way to start a day.
Frank Vogel: This is a huge step for our franchise...but we feel like this is just the beginning of a big run.
S/o my big bro for finally doctorppin that finerthings vid on um!
The truth needs no support!
This does not include politics.
I'm just talmbout the weather!
And the scenery.
He said to get at his people.
Notre Dame lucky to be down only 6 at half.
Natalie Novosel needs some shots to fall.
Let's go Irish...20 minutes to the title!
Need an idea for a Valentine's Day gift?
Gift cards from Audible Images are a great gift.
Call 4123674888 to get one today.
I never even seen this part of pussy town before!
Never call them mistakes, They're lessons.
they're there to teach you what not to do in the future..
Lookout World!
and I are going to the...GYM!!
Right now!
my birthday is nine days before james' and I love BTR.
science homeworkTEMPLE RUN
There are no speed limits on the road to excellence.
Love that everyone hugs it out after speaking at
Transitioning out of it is tough.
Take what you learned and use it in whatever new system you're running  hope it's not plays.
BTW the rabbit escaped all the jaws of joy!
I found them through the Underground French Bulldog network of Columbus.
Truth...
thanks for the shoutout man!
Suiting here listening to a single chic give relationship advice to a married woman,she'll joining her lonely ass friend soon in misery 
Hath almost ended his life's history: Night hangs upon mine eyes; my bones would rest That have but labour'd to attain this hour.
iEatTheMUFFIN LoveAndGunzx33 you got us with coupons?
iEatTheMUFFIN got you with a chimi ?
Sports fund universities too, so there must be a happy medium somewhere.
VT has a large library, so I'm happy.
Do you have a Teddy Bear story to share?
Love to hear from you.
don't do it alisha
Ahh!!
Just bought our tickets for our trip to Europe :p.
So excited can't wait for Dublin :
Dust yourself off, Smile, and Try again.....
did you ever walk out to Tool?
during the season?
Thought I heard Sober in there.....just saying a great band!
Does anyone else think that Jack Black is overrated.
Greinke with another killer outing for the Brewers.
Look out NL, he's getting cranked up.
your not my guide, or i'd have been led far astray.
Your not the judge, or i'd be beneath 6 feet of decay
Hey!
My name is Claudia and you should follow me for twitter fights once a week!;
Clickers!
I want!
Bibby is prob out of breath already
CORRECTION: Marris' record
He sent me a pic to remind me what im giving up...
Do it!!
That's why I left
playing mw3 getting ready for black ops 2!
actually, it's 'Kyle Denlinger, MA in Information Science  Learning Techs w/ an emphasis in Library Science.
Thanks to both of you for a horrible image.
re: TVD: agreed!
PS I'm on way to VD territory!
Roanoke is just the street from the fictional Mystic Falls!
I haven't decided if I'll let you save my life, or if I'll doctorwn.
I dont be caring ..
I anit no pussy ass nigga I'm down for whateva
If u go to WVSU spread the word Kingdom Life Fellowship meeting in the University Union every Sunday 10:30 am!!!
RIP game 3
Hey Houston, I'm looking for some local volunteer opportunities.
What organization do you support or can recommend?
Q5 Kindle for me but i would hate to implement Kindle use at a school it has been scary watching amazon handled the situation
i know
oh boy im scared lolololol!
BECAUSE romney wanted ALL the money for himself, he isn't willing to share with anyone, probably why he's so secretive
Hey, we should text!
Well if ya want.
Lol
I 3 you harry
LOB CITY for Denver tonight!!!!!
It's on my calendar!
BEATLA chants sound good no matter what arena it's coming from.
I'm a White Sox fan, you know, the real baseball team in Chicago?
yes.
K12 public schools in Georgia don't even have recess so they can do more test prep.
It's disgusting.
07 Quintessa Proprietary Red.
Sweet cherry nose.
Hardedge tannins mellow quickly.
Spice, currant, blackberry.
Long finish 92 pts
beautiful doctorve in this a.m.
Lake Washington looked like glass.
Hope the week holds out!
proud of my big brother ...accepting his first big job offer.
Wishing our security guard Tony a very happy 17th Miriam's Kitchen anniversary!
Our longestserving MK employee!
no I had smith.
But I think a lot of classes did Othello.
free tickets?
They're giving them away all day today every hour on their twitter page!
go subway!
AllStaff meeting this morning at 9a.
Start filming tomorrow...hope that it doesn't rain:
A2 Would love to be back in Fiji or Sydney
11:11 I want you to retweet and follow me : Love you!
Be safe when conducting lab work!
Learn safe work practices required and what is recommended by OSHA.
come on with it!
Did you see that movie with Cameron Diaz and Kate Winslet
Get out and vote!
We'll have the results on the fox7 after the race tonight.
Vandy kicker missed because he has his wrists taped and sweat bands around his elbows.
Don't hurt yourself buddy.
Great job tonight at my home.
People love you because you are real, sincere, and the only candidate that cares about SD.
ugh I'm sorry.
I'm just gonna stop all together than 
I'm at your old job.
you were the bomb tonight from here on in take you time, SON !!!
'I work really hard  Im physically fit/...When I rule the world maybe theyll notice me/But until then Ill just be lonely.' TA lyrics
thanks for the aloha have you ever talked to a neurochiropractor?
They have a one in Mpls where kids have found help
45 minutes till oral arguments in the SB1070 case begin!
RT RT : social media is not a fad.
it IS media
People I go to for clothing advice?
and
today is my birthday!!
:
Obstacles are essential for success because victory arrives just after many struggles and many defeats.
: figured so!
That angry moment when you're having an argument, and you realize youre wrong.
fuck that!
We going out next wkend!!
Underbar or Roxys!!
We out!!
BAD LINDSEY BAD!!
everything is handed to us on a plate
Chris Dede eli2012 current model is to sprinkle frosting of active learning on a cake of presentational learning
Every hour should be happy hour
So I come home and my mom gives me a kitten!:
Hi Blair, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
It always seems impossible until it's done.
Nelson Mandela
Ladies always follow your instincts 9 time out of 10 they are right!
Bout to get buck wild on thirsty Thursday!!!!!!
oh my
Aw.
Be careful!!
oops harry potter my bad
I needed to watch the video to refresh my memory and it reminded me how amazing it was.
and you i suppose
Watching Tigers on WGN, on
i want to be in the big bad city :
You know you're at a good pizza joint when Italians are hanging out around you.
Chillin at 2amys.
Causes of eczema on hands  Baby Eczema, Eczema Treatment ...
but if you get the ones midplane, you get more legroom!!
Oh ya, use the overhead compartment!!
So sleepy but I must study!!
Need motivation!
Are we acting I Like a couple, I'm just trying to get it straight cause I'm over here convinced that its too early for mistakes
Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama 3
lol glad u like it real talk
working on a mixtape my dude, we talked at Envy at the 2chainz party I do beats and I got one for you need a email addoctorss
Someone just said Cake Boss is staged.
Le throws knife it head
shake it out head to toe, throw it all together that's how we roll.
Up and at 'em this morning....looking for ....where r u?
Is it justme or do I text like I'm doctornk at all times?
we here at PK are doing some more work on the network video issue.
what's the best way to get in touch for a chat??
There should be a eating contest where you have to eat ONE and only ONE Oreo with the bag left in front of you.
No one would win.
Ever.
Oh no!
My office is starting to look like the inside of my brain!
My doctoram last night: SD Mayor Jerry Sanders calls me to talk taxes.
This may qualify as a nightmare.
Hate the chatification of , with fake QA between host  correspondent rather than pro reports.
NPR goes the route of mass media.
told you lol
Sister bonding time later at the zoo :D Taking out my nephew for the first time !
Leaving boyfriends behind :D
thoroughly enjoyed the Dark Shadows film.
If you want a fun movie, this is recommended.
DANNY B gets the goal back and the Flyers WIN in OVERTIME!
So, I'm about to lead the opening night QA with Will Reiser and Phillip Baker Hall.
Stop encouraging that petty shit , her ass doesn't have a life
We'll need his threes!
he'd lose his mind in this house right now.
happy birthday!!!
3 follow?
You don't know how much I love Won the Inglorious Basterds giveaway.
Thanks so much.
:D I think y'all should give away Easy A next?
it's cool to admit you both like staring at my nips cause I am that dang
TrainingTip: Mix up your training with other types of workouts, but seek out stairs for most of your training so you're well prepared.
when history looks back on us, people will ask what was so momentous about the new millennium.
The Internet.
We did good everyone.
RT Best volunteers around!
: Hey volunteers.
Looking forward to serving with you guys today.
Thanks for all you do!!
yeah he has some serious stuff...a good book to read by Amos Wilson on Adolescents and Violence among black boys
now you're just somebody that I used to know..
That NYT story is gutwrenching...and not surprising at all.
lol, i don't know where you live?
I learned that everybody loving something means nothing.
Think how many people love Jersey Shore.
Nice!
RT will be open from Midnight3am tonight giving away free pancakes and french toast.
good evening mister Stone.
My weapons of choice are iMovie for the Mac and for my PC I prefer Sony Vegas Movie Studio HS Platinum.
Wishing mode :
A Halloween antho will be SO much fun!
Please help us!!!
But you know I will ALWAYS love you..Even if Im not around no more..
is in Kentucky for the day touring Louisville kicking off our latest KTDA project.
too bad we can't score
Declaring email amnesty on Gmail after having achieved inbox 0 on my work inbox.
Goodbye 7,426 unread messages.
Won't miss you.
That way I got to watch all of their apperances on that day and listen to that cd nonstop.
It was my mom's bday too so
As written from Clinton, could use becus no mention of Homeland Defense but now just needs a cause!
Good morning to everyone up and down my TL
Look, we know you love Sleeping With Sirens and Pierce The Veil.
Shut up.
We get it.
I miss you soo much!
I'm visiting a sick relative in Chicago, and my fone is gonneeee messed up
Horrible Day Just Awful !
:/
Thanks, love!
: how was your mothers day Hey Friend!
It was really smooth, it was wet here so me  the kids spent quality x
Al Horford: Outlet?
Never heard of such a thing.
Next weekend??
:
Thank you to all the Fishers businesses that joined us tonight.
Woo!
Heck yeah!
:D : lol right :D we were the best doinkers the three of us :'
Good to hear!
Bet that was an awesome show!
Can't wait to read next section of rewrites from ...
his next book reads like a blockbuster!
Contemplating my next move.
You gotta go get it or get got!
watching back and stay focus
When youre pregnant people either:  Run away from you.
Talk shit.
Run  try to be your friend.
Im finna go to McDonaldsI'm hungry AF
I can already smell the beach.
At least the person you love didn't leave you,  your mom doesn't have cancer.
Be thankful...
The most beautiful preserved city in Europe  like an medieval engraving.
And more flavored beers than BRobbin's Ice Cream!
Biggest fail of sxswi has got to be the printed Times.
What is the point?
I have yet to see someone grab one.
Happy Birthday  Your a wonderful organization that honor our veterans, keep up the great work!
9 times out of ten yes
Tomorrow's the birthday of the Waterfi Waterproofed ipod which means Birthday Sale!
August 16th only 15 of Shuffle's, 20 off Swim Systems
Morn D .
I am still sick .
Glad you are better .
I am going to be submitting something to your site for critique soon
why is he changing his number?
There is always some madness in love.
But there is also always some reason in madness.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche RT
Going 2 sleep now, gotta make dis early money tomorrow
Can I wear my frog suit?
Don't Anne someone's love or kindness for weakness because you know you can get away with stuff.
Each time you do the way they think changes
good...been crazy busy shooting a swimsuit line...wish you were closer so we could rock it together.
SOON I hope.
shoutout wish he would followback...i got a few DUKIES already following...is dat 2 much 2 ask
: Look at Marc Anthony, scouring the audience for young virgin blood to doctornk GRAMMYs
haha will do.
right after Harry..
: I've had such a great time at SDCConf  Thank you for serving, thank you 4 mentoring us
Giving shout outs to ALL who retweet this!
We got some new audio coming out and a new artist!
: Tomorrow be listenin in.
RT : RT : If you don't want to date methat's fine, I get that, but you're wrong and I hate you.
Seems like the  of PP goals this year, too!!Hawks
Gurls are scandulous and sneaky these days thats y I just keep a hundoctord and keep my feelings hidden so they mind can wonder
heeyy!
So i just watched ur most recent vid!
Ahaha loved it : how are you?!
3
How was that year?
What was the most surprising part of it?
hey everybody i havent been on twitter for a while haha how are you :?
love you too
Helping people be more resourceful in these challenging, yet exciting times is the key to these times.
Check out my book, Panic to professorts.
Halo: Reach  the most frustration I've had from unnecessary deaths and sparse checkpointing since Red Dead Redemption
Leaving Boyle Heights.
The Hood.
Recording your own songs is amazing.
It's scary but liberating
Merry Christmas from all of us at Fuzz Martin Media, and may you have a phenomenal 2012!
Excited to participate today in SV Regional Economic Forum to learn about how CA government can help innovation economy
It must be very easy to cut class at Bay View High School, as evidenced by all the students walking around the 'hood today.
JustPromiseMe that you won't lie to me like everyone else 
2/2 start right here, right now.
Pick something your passionate about and find an organization.
Your voice is great but ACTION is better.
u too!
Try and keep cool at the warped tour...the mosh pits will be pretty damn hot if there is any :
Yesterday was fun.
hey yall, give a welcome to Lauren Alaina.
shes joinin Luke Bryan and me on the My Kinda Party tour in jan.
park is looking good.
What's the ETA?
haha it is funny..and most often true: It's funny how Aries females have more balls than men.
my day is good already :
Hang in there, Tim.
Regret is something we tend to torture ourselves with.
Be good to yourself.
Life aint about SMOKING WEED  FUCKING BItches !!
GROW UP
y tha eff u not following me????
Make me get on dat ass lol.....
What's good bro!!!!!!
Unknown: The best angle from which to approach any problem is the tryangle.
Vote for your favorite Orlando Club at www.hgpof.com under club tabsee all the hottest gay places in Orlando on the site
I don't recall this
Home from SanFrancisco.
Had a great time and did a lot, considering the short time I had!
Beautiful weather too....it was perfect!
:
Hey, me too!
If you don't like the ones there, vote them out.
Oh yeah, to do that you have to vote.
If you don't you have nothing to say.
Of course that will change when O finally has one opponent and the campaign really begins.
I'm sorry:
W.e fine Me and Jiselle will make it viral
i have been poor.
Point is that something as trivial as a tshirt becomes worth an effort when it's a need
Good times Pete.
Best of luck with the business.
See you next year.
How many blown offensive possessions is that?
I thought I'd never say this, but just pass it to Neal.
Enough hot potato
May the Horse be with you
Rocked hard on my exam!!!!!!!
Yeah, buddie!
Ahh!
Pretty pretty palomino.
I am so happy for you!
Really wanna see the Illinois Best of Photojournalism gallery but none of the photos are loading.
Any suggestions ?
are you angry at me?
I believe that does have less Twitter accounts than
As they should with that endowment.
A doctorp in the bucket really.
Chen would rather have taken that one on the chin.
Orioles :
Should I put your photoshop on the front page of my eportfolio?
Watching Game of Thrones with Viggle Sun  8PM  HBO Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Back at you, pal!
I thought you made some great points!
Is there a particular weekday that's easier for getting together?
hey enjoyed the workshops on WordPress and Git today.
Can you dm me your email?
LOL!
That's fancy ;
Deuces, Beebe.
It's been real.
Saw The Brothers Bloom yesterday.
I'd recommend it.
Pretty fun characters, in a Wes Anderson kind of way.
Tonight at Honey Moon Tasting Room, The Spencetet, 8:30pm.
No cover.
I expect my last words to be Hey, what does this button do?
It's become background noise that we filter out, IMO.
Some people are very loyal to FF, but I think it's pretty irrelevant.
You have to send me some.
but frfr I did tell you I was going to prom
Doughty thought Doan had stolen his Diet Coke, you guys.
Perfectly justifiable.
Just LOVE planning my outfits by the age of kid I'll see.
I must wear pants tomorrow bc a 5 yo will make me play that battle blade game.
haha, say hello to the wifey as she doctorves the car!
gearing up for the summer ...
yes I will!
Hbu
any day works for me!
What day works for you?
Thanks for letting us know!
Donna!
I've missed you!
:
New stop !!
Tomorrow at Kokomo high School at 1:15!!!
God gives every bird its food, but He does not throw it into its nest.
J.G.
Holland
In an extremely awkward situation
to CUT senior citizens  disabled SocialSecurity  Medicare but NOT RAISE TAXES on Wealthy!
GOP the FamilyValues party!
As if!
Gym Flow...
WE ARE NOT WORTHY OF HER PRESENCE TAKING OVER OUR TVS EVERY WEEK DIS FALL!!!!
you read my mind though!!!!!!
Wow, that was a fast reply!
U got it!
SO many ppl haven't heard that one before.
cleaning day part 2!
According to CoStar's employment outlook  US will be back to employment levels from prerecession in 2 MORE years
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers whom I have leaned on already and to the ones I will lean on in the years coming.
Enjoy your day!
No, fuck that.
I need cuddling.
I love your tweets: they make my day better.
Grazie
TGIF  but mine kind of started last night ...
I'm officially on vacation.
Spending the next few days in Charleston SC
Going to lunch and need a break.
Kill Devil Hill  the Mad Hatter tomorrow!
Doors open  5:30pm, bands start  6pm.
Kissing Daylight hits the stage  7:55pm.
If only Gregory would invite women, not McCain yet again, to discuss.
ThingsIWantTheMost a billion dollars.
With that I can buy all the ish I'm too lazy to write out here!
Lol
just as importantly...
did you like The Fray...?
One more week :
Pretzels and cream cheese 3
Feeling old?
Reports from that Patapsco Flea Market has been raided by Feds seizing items believed to be counterfeit, pirated,  unlicensed
Why thank you, Donna.

change the bus'es oil while you're under there!: RT : Disappointed in 's comments.
As a mother
PHAME is proud to announce we're featured on the mainstage at Mississippi Street Fair coming up Saturday July 14th  join us!
No I don't wanna start anything
first things I checked...
Love the post on sunnies!
I have a prob w/ stashes of them everywheremay have to get a pair of colored RayBans!
Wow must be married or engaged to enjoy this offer.
Smooth, Hilton Head
Giving your anger the instrument of words and actions is like giving a child a pile of straw and a box of matches.
the Dalai Lama
REMEMBER: ALWAYS STAY POSITIVE DON'T BREAK UNDER PRESSURE.....ITS HUMAN NATURE TO, BUT TRY TO RESIST YOU FEEL BETTER NPNM 
I am so there for that!
:
interesting  you had me fooled all these years :
RT Obama, congratulations on being the 1st sitting President to support marriage equality.
Feels like the future and not the past.
yea im down shoot me the info but that whole track rippin do u have artists spotlights on ur station
98 of all murders and rapes are by a close family member or friend of the victim.
Body found off Eklutna Lake Road that of unidentified man, police say.
Tie.
Too good to choose!
More Christmas lights set for town  Horncastle News More Christmas lights set for town Horncastle News Horncastle Town Council agreed la
The men women and childoctorn the have been killed have not died in vain.
you never text me to plan so don't go there!
With 42 out of 63 correct picks, I have won my basketball pool, but I would've rather have won 600 million dollars.
Still .
.
.
yay!
He got that something, that keeps me so off balance
RT Another myth, at least that I've found, that Americans are treated rudely abroad.
Never been treated that way.
Nothing for the Badgers in the sixth.
We go to the seventh inning at Goodman Diamond with Michigan leading UW 54.
Congrats to your mom and the proud daughter!
haha I can dig it, but I don't stay in the hood right now.
Long story
What attracts people most, it would appear, is other people.
William H.
Whyte
Free cultural arts performances starting at 1:00 at The Masonic Temple on 10th and U St.
in a perfect world i agree with you but i have a presentation for work tomorrow and sleep is needed but fuck it IPHONE GAMES
Happy birthday Jeff!
Hope its a good one!
now you can take a course from harvard or mit for free...the world is changing and your content needs to keep track...peewaddy.com
worked out well .
.
.
last player to declare early and get doctorfted from OSU was 1998 and Corey Benjamin to the Bulls.
see ya there!
Ballin without the crew today should be interesting
At least I was already planning on doctornking anyway!
Too bad I never called a dumb ass bitch
RT : My lightsaber is red, ObiWan's is blue, Mace Windu's is purple, because he's got more swag than you.
Does my hair look good
Yes!
Because Kingdom living is more and bigger and better than we think.
And I want it.
next Friday ;
and loving it!
I'm so high I could eat a star 
Finding the truth.
UnKnownTruths.com Publishing Company
one of my fav photographers such inspiration.
thanks for following: xo
Thanks OKC Party Bus riders this weekend for choosing the 1 party bus in OKC for their special event making it another successful weekend!
4 hrs :::sigh::: why are the ppl that I would like to hang out with never close by : lol
Now your just somebody that i used to know
WOW!
NBC continues to try to save the voice at biggestloser expense.
ONE HOUR FINALE?
NOT even helpingvoice still doesn't crack top10!
All of us would love to hear Feelin Fine by J.
Crist on Shout out to for this one
Singing One Direction on the bus
RT : I definitely will stop by!
My sis  I have been talking about coming up soon!
I'll let u knw!
/ looking forward to it!
Today's the last day to get into the June mailing.
Hurry, operators are standing by!
ready for a meeting when you are ...
more to show, more to talk about
On tha road!!!
Thanks Ryan.
I'll flip your info to my buddy.
He's legit.
Wyndham owners get released from your timeshare contract today!
Every1 follow and check out his new song: Take Flight !
legit
Nap was Refreshing :
Once love is lost it cant be found..same for friendships and relationships
Love this guy!
RT : Fake tan.
Fake boobs.
Fake nails.
Fake hair.
Tell us again how you want a real man.
I'm so very interested.
If someone found a list of everything we googled we would be screwed:T
Contemplating a trip to SF on Memorial Day weekend.
Thoughts and others?
Alta Strada has a nice thin pizza  you can't beat the 5 pizza from
Wishing you and yours a Joyous Kwanzaa!
whataday and the week has only begun
Today I did a total of 24 pushups thanks to the Hundoctord Pushups iPhone app.
Live Music at Rocky Mountain Ceremonies  Wild Basin Lodge
We cannot develop and print a memory.
Henri CartierBresson
Last day going to all of my classes!
6MM kids die of hunger annually.
Thats approx the pop.
of metro areas like Atlanta, Boston, Washington, DC or Houston.
JOIN THE FIGHT!
If every book had a playlist at the end of every chapter to go along with it, I would be doing a lot more reading.
So he told you he'd never leave you...He told that last chick
lol I won't
Thank you volunteers!
Our programs wouldn't be the same without you!
Today is 42 day!!
If you don't know look it up!!
Here's to you Jackie!!!
thanks Kayla!
Hope all is well with you :
Has really been inspired by a few dedicated fans...
Pad and pen in hand I aim to show my thanx
RT Please explain why and retweet my sister all the time?
ur definitely welcome
wow a food truck sounds so delicious how much do they cost: thanks for the follow and support check out
Had so much fun with you  Mixology yesterday!!
Will he email us the recipes?
Oh,  happy Mother's Day!
:
Holy shit we got a 2 hour delay!
Never thought this would happen again
couldnt agree more ..
btw found out your fromm missouri..
very cool as am i originally..
keep makin great and helpful tweets 
Congrats I'll Have Another  Mario Gutierrez Great race!
thank you
Make it happen!
It'll be good to see you.
Miss ya.
RT : hopefully I'll see you
You're moving to Atlanta right?
I'm addicted all kitchen cookware, bakeware and appliances....next on the wishlist is a pressure cooker.
Great way to make tamales fast!
You're too kind : Fortunately she likes fiction and I like nonfiction so we don't step on each other's toes
Congrats to Chris Edwards for finding the BLACKDIAMONDSKYE Signed Set List envelope!
completely owned and every word he said was true.
Would love to defend him, but Dwayne's been phoning it in.
I told you it would be freezing there!!
Haha
religion is overrated, I think if you believe in god then you should stick to your faith and nothing else.
Where is everyone watching the game tonight?
SF happyhour :
fuck u  teacher i dont need home work
If sex with 3 people is a threesome and sex with 2 people is a twosome, now I understand why they call you handsome.
: Thankyou fingers crossing  it's all about Change.
Good luck Puta!!
I love love love my best friend !
Anonymous Goes After World Governments in Wake of AntiSOPA Protests
wow, I would love to get a table at schwa but I have better odds at winning the Chicago mayoral race
Me too, I was wondering if anyone else felt the same way.
If your goin to do it responsive, i'd prefer links going vertically
Thanks for the RT!
i just hit my head on the wall because of this pregnancy desk
welcome back to twitter!!
It's an honor to have you as our QB1
Were ALL hanging out this summer.
Summer before everything changes.
At BofA2012, smart phones, social media, etc.
is prohibited.
Any audio, video, photos taken ...
BofA owns rights, can confiscate.
Leadership in today's world requires far more than a large stock of gunboats and a hard fist at the conference table
You should quit.
Quit traumatizing women with sexual intercourse.
I should know, I'm a medical doctor.
I own a mansion and a yacht.
I am thinking broad ripple or bubbaz on the south side next time..new faces different places :
congrats!
I knew one of these days you'd actually stick with it!
Remember summer '06?
make her 17th birthday so memorable!
This would make her life!
Please!
Please!
Please!
P.s.
your amazing :
Today is a Hulu day...
I sense a lot of updates.
Looking forward to the CrazyWeeks ahead
This morning, Coldwell Banker McLean pricing team is previewing some beautiful listings we have coming up soon!
All I want for you Christmas is you...
transverse A little dinner at B Bar and now dessert cocktails at Dorian Gray.
Thanks to great friends for celebrating translitmag's bday!
No joke.
First time here!
now your speaking my language lol
3 what people write 4 their Twitter professorle.
Found a new FAV from Don't worry, everything's going to be okay.
I'm a librarian.
Ann Romney's doctorss looks like blood splatter
I love you and your spinster ways.
NOW I choose to do my Spanish project haha
re So Shore to Grant Pk: EASILY the best.
Has that up nort feel right here in the cityGREAT views of Lk Mich.
Runner up Beerline
we're totes tweeting during tahoe, right?
Victoria Stodden  I outlined paper today: Trust but Verify.
How to combine scientific and archival notions of trust and reproducibility?
...with a twist of '86.
This year has been quite a handful with all the ups and downs, but there is a plan and purpose to everything.
Yes YES YES 
: Tulsa Studies in Women's Literature is now on Twitter!
NBA is 75 black does the Jeremy Linsanity of the Knicks phenom say people want to see another race succeed in the NBA breaking stereotypes
going at their heads like hair in a comb.
eh money can be made at anytime.
Watching Happy Birthday to Me for the first time  I'm hoping I can get over how much I disliked the first kill.
dude dude dude...
I JUST SAW A BLACK GTR.
D .
THAT MAKES 7 GTRS.
ITS A SIGN BRO...
I laugh too!!
Cause it tingles too!
What is your worst personality characteristic?
so jealous
how full are the servers cause i cant login i get error 37
Jonah should bring back his famous haircut back from couple weeks ago
yeah I'm going to bama!!
Red shirt freshman corvin lamb with nasty 15 yard run left the corner holding.
His jock
If that's what Twitter elites are like, I'm okay being a Twitter delete.
Pilates this morning.
What are you doing today to feel great?
I still have the Loretta Lynn Jack White album on my rotation.
He is always so solid.
Sleeping is giving in, no matter what the time is
was listening to the Packer game.
Jim Irwin sounds a bit different, but Max McGee is his usual self.
Looking for running club near Brighton Beach / Sheepshead Bay area
Not cool , not cool.
..either that or is in a movie filming up here!
I don't remember the last time i have laughed this hard.

RT : Tomorrow: actress and writer Tina Fey
My name is Hubert Davis and for my bracket I pick all of the higher seeded teams to win.
If you love something set it free, and it comes back it's meant to be, if you let it go, and it doesn't show, keep on moving down the road3
End of the MONTH flippin rocks....SO many hitting their ranks and crossing their finish lines...who else?
who else?
who else??
cats vs ponies?
miss you pretty girl!
RT : 'Cunt' is a new feminist zine from Australia  it includes a pictorial comment on female nosepicking plus much more:...
Can I just say I am so tired of Marques Johnson as announcer?
Finished workshoping with Executive Produce Ryan Lewis, and booked work on Pretend Wife Monday!
You can never make the same mistake twice.
The second time you make it, it's no longer a mistake, it's a choice.
he stabbed himself
I think I may need a haircut.
I think what the Yanks need is a good bench clearing brawl.
A real knock down doctorg out brawl !!!!
TONIGHT: Boulder 19th Ward  The Badgemen  7 PM Free
Thank god for you and the paramedics.
The suns out  we are ready for you with hot  Iced doctornks.
Check out our brand new shipment of Slap Watches  Quotable Cards  Gifts!
Matt Damon
kids these days
IfWeAreInARelationship , You Better Stay Faithful.
You can say you've only hit one less HR than Pujols this year.
Unless you're Adam Dunn, then you've hit nine times as many.
thank you:
how sweet : haha we do need to hang tho.
Last time was a disgrace and a bummer lol
while eating a starving homeless person's pretzel knots, no doubt.
My San Antonio Spurs boycott has lasted for over a year now.
Now, NHL action before Lob City plays on TNT.
Exotic Animals To Be Returned To Owner39;s Widow
me too!
Hope I can join.
: well goodnight Ariana!
Sweet doctorams love you so much :
Lets go Dale Jr
Thanks so much!
It will be fun tomorrow.
Actually, I want to show you and Mom.
Mom would describe it as Jazzbo
Alice Veterinarian Launches New Animal Hospital Website  MarketWatch
lol.
I believe u.
Ima be on it once again 2maro
slow start..
Let's go !
L.A.
all the way 3
I've been good..
been working..
tryna get outta town.
Sweet potatoes: They are like vegetable candy.
I agree.
I wish KY produced more elite talent.
UK fans live vicariously through Kentucky kids playing here.
Hahahaha well if you know me for anything its being conceited hahaha
there's one in almost every big town lol!
: they're all over america
do you remember which ones you liked?
Me, yes.
probably not.
Doubt there will be much shop talk.
Mostly trivia, eats  doctornks.
yess I know lol and TCC almost done getting my business associates :
Just kidding....
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me!
We don't wanna be together but we hate seeing each other flirt with different people
I'm pretty sure I walk into walls all the time never on purpose but because I don't pay attention to where I'm walking.
xD
Hope it is going to be a good one
I feel so sorry for the Trayvon Martin family.
Everyone is talking about it.
Even in the grocery store.
Zimmerman must be arrested.
By all means.
I will bring it to the next event.
Damn...HUGE flop.
That is why I hate flopping.
Holiday sweaters are very popular in OKC, especially at Panera Bread.
How R you lookin today Ladies?!
We have specials!
Salon  Full Barber Home of the 75 weave braids Full Grooming Shoe shine 510 8321100
Very excited to meet my new marketing team at ALM today!
Im funny!
My evening is great.
I just had someone answer the phone who the fuck is this?!
Me: the bank.
And it's been awhile since i've been on so please refresh me with your name so i can remember you!
I'm so sorry!
Good Morning!
What is going on this week in your World of Financial Communications?
Waken' up with some orange juice  blarin'.
What a great way to start the week.
Future Gains in Labor Must Come From Hiring  Bernanke
Everyone checkout YouTube/2originaltv
RT 3 more weeks of classes
Every time I read our old conversations, I realize how close we used to be.
we love you more.
RT Edmond,OK Infant Swimming Lessons will begin in Oak Tree on June 7th in the evenings.
email for info
Went overboard on lunch, and going to have to up the workout somehow tonight.
Wanna Sing With Me Right Now?
We Can Sing Say Somethin' !
:
HintTheSexIsWACK I'm imagining fucking someone else
RT : Where did other folks find the wine and how much ?
Yokes 16.98
Got it, 104 LInda
Decisions, decisions
Hipster geologists like lava before it was cool.
yeah I work at 6Am :
But it's especially bad when those decisions are out of character.
It feels forced.
My dad's pal named his dog Whiskey.
We got a kick out of a rural Wisconsin farmer going outside at night yelling for WHISKEY
James Harden better start using that fear the bear correctly to make Metta World Peace his bitch tonight
Had a goal to procrastinate this month but never got around to it.
Oh well, maybe next month.
HighBloodPressure Americans Aware of Functional Foods , Don 't Eat Them Enough Survey : Americans Aware of Functional Foods , Don 't Eat T
The cluster feature in googlerefine just made quick work of some sloppy data entry
And likewise to you!
Have a good one!
I am not a Funkateer.
Fight Club
looking forward to meeting you on Friday.
sounds like an experiment that could be plan for next freak fest
I'm singing follow me everything is all right.
Some girls think its cute to pretend they're stupid.
Just stop.
most people have never looked for something like that, then how many of those companies have offices based out of Vegas or DC...
On this Saturday, I ask you to tell the world  who GodIs and what is He to you?
I'm waking up to MADONNA's new album, my 1st listening through, my spirit is awakening like BOOOOOYYYAAAA!!!
do you have an official facebook?
im so confused!
haha xx
please follow she is you biggest fan!88
I like Ron Paul's integrity  abhor his policies.
He puts the lie to Rs who say they want small gov.
If it were true he'd be their nominee.
unless I get insanely bored prob won't watch.
No one like you , , , on to root for!
Nice to meet you and the family!!
Let us know when we can get together and do this again!!
how the fuck did we give that one away
I need some inspirational books to download on my kindle....
they could call it Sir Isaac Newton!
perfect product from Apple
Guess so.
heh.
I've just signed up for OS X in history is gone i should check out?
yeah sure :
If you're gonna date a girl and then make her feel like a worthless piece of shit, you don't deserve her.
Mike Sager wearing reasonably sane suit tonight.
SOMEBODY MUST HAVE GOTTEN TO HIM
i said professorssorfave, not freshmangirlfave
ThankYouMom...
for everything!
Love you!!
3
what kinda music you listen to?
mass effect time
Shit I overslept...
last school day I can miss of the year so I might as well live it up though right?
NEXT game is April 6th vs Iowa.
Who's going
Thanks for the follow!
We look forward to working with you.
How did you hear about us?
The new lime cucumber flavor of is the best flavor they've ever made.
2 is orange.
I'm sure everyone agrees....
;
Elegy for Young Lovers was incred!
Jarrett Ott, Sarah Shafer, J'nai Bridges  Alize Rozsnyai were off the hook.
See it Sun!
Smith: most academics at funded thru state support and tuition.
Glad to hear the captainres went well.
Keep up your tweets and keep us posted on how things are going!
Just passed my 3 year old Twitter birthday...
Avg.
0.23 tweets per day.
I think that is totally reasonable.
;
Tomorrow as long as people arent celebrating bdays we shall do cupcakes  see Cabin after I get off work.
Sound good?
woah!
im doing the same..
While eating Mexican!
Spread the word!
There are only 7 days left to join the Y and pay no join fee.
Get into the Y today and join the movement!
Thanks Nikki.
You made my day special.
:
hhey Ron rock on!
having a big moon party 2nite doctornking blue moon look at the moon Ron its good luck!
Let's go Ducks!
Looking for petfriendly cabin or lake house rental in FingerLakes area this summer.
Any suggestions?
1 RT : T3 To clarify, were talking about moral obligation, not legal/economic obligation, right?
Big difference
2012 should be the year all investors should start asking their financial advisors where specifically their money goes.
Follow me 2 learn.
Thieves steal cords from St.
Paul light display.
Find out how charities could suffer at 9:55 on
The young dont know enough to be prudent, and therefore they attempt the impossible  and achieve it, generation after generation
RT It is better to live your own destiny imperfectly than to live an imitation of somebody else's life with perfection.
Going to the park with my mom and sister :
I want to play handball like we did when we were kids
Remember when you used to laugh at people that tweeted I'm just sitting on my patio.
Now, I'm holding a protest at....Geez!
:
Have they received it officially OTA or rooted and installed it?
did i win its the islanders
Hearing updates about identity projects VIVO and ORCID at
How's it going, Splashy?
29 of battery
had so much fun last week at the shoot ; glad to see u again
GBIFPID Not streaming anymore?
I lovveeeey you alot.
i know u get that alot but youre the sunshine in my day.
Pauly D will be on the air with us in just a few.
PXY is bringing him to ROC Mon on Lawrence Street at East Ave starting at 7pm!
I always do dat then feel sum type of way after
To die by your side is such a heavenly way to die.
Well son of a gun.
yes, she moved in a few weeks ago.
We need to go out again soon!
are you gout I bdubs with ileana tonight?
idk bout that dude meehhhbee it was just lorena herself or maybe itzel......
our friend i think she has ur number from texts
Sometimes telling the truth pisses people off, which is part of what makes the truth valuable.
Oh thanks.
best living poet appearing Austin Texas Barnes  Noble on Brodie Lane in Sunset Valley area Aug.
22, 4 pm.
In New York I'm booking flight
Jack sorry all we need is a killer guitarist to learn yours  my songs hear anythingmaybe can pull off still
starting the week with a head cold..not good!!
I already have enough going on in my head...lol Happy Monday to you :
They tore my shirt off, they tore it off my back, and I was being whipped on my bare back, Confess!
Confess!
Ahmed Omar Abu Ali
The last day of WorldConcrete.
Stop by Booth S11927 and say hello!
Cockiness by Rihanna is my jam
Donohue, Centuries of June.
I set these mysterious storytelling women aside to savor and then gobbled them at one sitting.
You should too.
For enduring success, embed goodness in practices and people, not personality.
0210
Big Time back to back buckets by J.Wise to put the Jam up 107102 with 15.8 seconds left in the game
Haha well!
I was making my bed at my dads!!
And we all know I am very clumsy: and I defied to be lazy and make my bed with me laying on it
June and July on my mind!!!
Music, Germany, and UK!
BOOM!
BAAAAM!
POWWWWW!
wahoooo!
Send me pics.
I'm gonna try to come lata.
Please help us spread the word to students.
Peace God!
What's today's math?
Happy Administrative Staff Day!
Oh hey look!
New professorle pic for the playoffs!
We didn't get it!
Lol
Oregon Sports Authority CEO doctorw Mahalic will be the guest tonight on Sports Sunday, on KGW TV right after Sunday Night Football...
I'm sleepy.
got to sleep in today.:
Hi Hi Hi.
The semester is almost ova!
Get Ready!!
I can't believe you are
Emergency medical delivery test went well, officials say  Minneapolis Star Tribune
Now people want what the movie was about, which is violent comedy
I'm the only white boy here that hit his dougie correctly.
So sad to hear my dear friend had to put down Libby today.
R.I.P.
my little libbers.
We love you very much.
Totally sore and sick today, the stupid machines alarm was going off all night, doc said it's normal..
Wtfever
: How old were you when you got your first kiss?
Probably about a minute or so.
might be!
Are you folks out on H tonight?
How do get more followers?
Im trying to be like you!
Been spinning all day!
Live show tonight!
The Mission Impossible movies are the best movies ever!!!!
When someone smells good, it automatically makes them more attractive ;
Yea.
I would like to visit the mt again soon.
Amerks need to make something happen on the powerplay.
Colbourne to the box for tripping.
Go Blues go!!!
Those are the tweets for Wednesday, April 25, 2012.
Y'all have a great night and we'll tweet it all again tomorrow!
: Women can go longer.
Its a proven fact.
So what does that say about all the brothers doin time?
FACK.
metropieceofshit bro i did TWICE
Not really what I was expecting..
but, okay.
IM UP LATE WATCHN TRANSFORMERS I,
Okay: Bodemeister wit, Alpha place, Gemologist show.
So want to pick Take Charge Indy...but alas.
Hey Mke Twitterers, does anybody have a thing for 1960s classic cars?
Know someone who owns one?
We're looking for a contact in the area.
My attempt at working out was a fail.
The treadmill is broken
Sometimes people surprise me.
:
Fly free in the sky with me
Best recent moments: sweet heart deal w/godawful cable company ends, thereby creating easy excuse to cut it off.
I hope Mayweather gets beat worse than Spiderico in Rocky.
Spring is def in the air of nyc, the sun comes out and the hottest girls flocjk
: Why wish it were easier.
Wish you were better.Somebody Give Her a Book Deal on How 2 Live Your Life
I can breathe today for the first time in weeks!!
Thank you baseball gods!!!
We did a minimarathon after the 3rd episode.
Love it.
Favorite new show.
Whose happier than Donald doctorver that he moves on to DWTS finals?
WISNTV which should earn a killer rating for next Monday's shows.
Thank you much!
Look forward to checking out your photography...
We hold hands while I pray that she's not the type to hold grudges...
I'm wrong.
I agree, but there are a few new places listed that might be worth a look.
Madison is a beer capital but depends what you seek
That it is.
Good luck.
If you're squirrelly and you know it, swish your tail.
Shit you learn when you have nothing to do in DC.
Lots to do today.
Lots already done.
Way to start the week!
Peter, why aren't you a follower of the House of Junko!?!?!
if you don't you suck!!!!!!!
xp
In today's workplace, time equals money.
Save both by trusting your corporate communications to ScribeModerne!
Shout out to being for one of the most consistent people I know.
Can I get a RT?!
So many sports enthusiasts in VanWA!
Pleasure to meet with yesterday to chat about baseball.
Are you involved in VanUSASports?
I hate that I love you
those things are not organized.
Didn't even know it was going on
I have a new follower on my Twitters!
What's up,?
love having loong talks with my bestest fran she understands me so well and can talk on the phone for foreverr :
So slow in the office right now I'm actually considering starting a research paper for a scholarly journal.
Anyone got a topic to explore?
Enjoying a full on Curb Your Enthusiasm line cutting moment but it's 2012 so I will be zen and not scare the crap out of entitled NYU girl.
David Stovall is gonna get cats in trouble at their universities!
Hilarious.
But he's right.
And he's standing on principle.
lets go to taco bell!!111!!
the world ain't ending anytime soon!
Straight Up, You can Make Love to the World or You can Fuck It.
Just doctornk my medicine  daddy is Home :
not today.
I went sunday.
I heard it on the radio in between meetings.
Going monday night though
Brb quitting my job so I can go home and watch and you now SO THEY CAN CALL ME 333
Hahahah that's perfect for you!!!!
YMCA is your jam!!!
lucky bitch 
Watched Life as we know it LOVE IT
I'm pretty sure they dislike me more than you now lol
making some Tea...
want some?;
That SOMEONE is one hot genius!
Listen to her!
Always go the extra mile it pays off
Someone once did something similar for me, I loved it, especially the chocolate lol
Is it possible to practice piano playing without a piano?
What do you think?
Thanks for a great night everyone!
What other stops would you all like to have on the pedal mill?
We want to expand our bar options!
Done, Done and Done
Our last speaker, Emory Thomas nominates Robert E.
Lee.
Happy Holidays from ConnectedMedia www.ConnectedLA.com www.ConnectedNY.com
Aw shucks, thanks Mike.
:
Chamomile tea, yum :3
looks like you lost some weight..
good call.
nobody likes a really fat
Bout to hop in the studio
Featured Artist Daisy Hicks on Talent Showcase Radio www.TalentShowcaseRadio watch the video Million Years
thanks lady :
A3: The build up is nice, but if there is no recall of the brand then what are they paying for?
: microg is like doctornking, lots of fun but prob not healthy for you in the longterm
i've tried so very, very hard to like him.
you know he's gonna b around like eddie murphy now.
i'll put him in the same box w/TP
wellsfargo fail theft : Wells Fargo just 'stole' almost 1000 from me through a ridiculous exchange rate.
Can't wait for
to funny!
Heyy, I don't know if you're going to get this tweet, but is your phone working?
Mine isn't.
Are you watching universalsports and the WC Super Combined coverage?!
Pet peeve: Experts who manufacture demand for their own services.
I'm the whole thing.
You niggas two percent.
hahahahaha well i dont hate you at all i like other but mostly madison lols
CBS cancels CSI:Miami.
But David Caruso says They didn't fire me.
I quip!
I don't question the integrity of refs in any pro sports league besides the Try to fine me David Stern!
haha no :P
dead serious.
Good morning.
I've had company  have had some things to go through lately,hence the lack of tweets.
Will be back to my usual nonsense soon!
WHOEVER IS GOING TO AUSTIN'S CONCERT IN NYC GENERAL ADMISSION MEANS NO ASSIGNED SEATS
I'll see you in Albany !!
Almost halfway through the Monday!
you will be happy and never go back!
Past midnight riddles are enlightening, though troubling.
We should not gaze upon the horizon with superfluous envy, but seek it.
Doing Marketing at the Gold Dust Days in Gold Bar.
Smaller market, but good people.
I don't watch hokey but
Google is still a thing?
thx for the intro!
our pleasure!
Happy you had a wonderful time!
Thank you for this video, it really helps people to understand these disorders
RT : Without God's Spirit, the church simply can't be the church.
N.T.
Wright
P.I.'s think everyone knows about the government when they really don't.
I TOTALLY AGREE
I am getting to the point of being done with them.
Just gonna wait for flat file treasure day
The Count is an event.
: You say friends with benefits I say Sexercise partners.
If you could give a menu of digital project tools for a museum artifact  explanation what would you include?
Today we're flying down to Dallas for Bowl Expo.
The show starts tomorrow and it should be a great time.
Who's going?
Judge Wont Accept Guilty Plea in Online Poker Case
Someone...for the love of God...invent a toilet seat that stays up while you're peeing!!!

She Just wants to do My Nails nd i diddnt let her thts Why miss Vaalenta Be hatenn :b
Go see and pick up your tower yearbook at the Bell Tower from Tuesday until Friday between 9 and 4!
Chicago ed struggles: longer day, merit pay, remove class size limits, guy the contract.
Senate bill 7 takes away seniority.
This tweet is for I don't talk about you guys a lot only 22 times on here xD
Juss got home from modleing club.
good..cant complain..gods been great
O the liquid nose marsupials gotchayou need that double ply tissue for all that.
I don't wanna brag, but I'll be the best you ever had johnlegend i don't doubt you for a second
I am listening now.
LOVE it!
Never let your praying knees get lazy.
Don't you just hate when you can't sleep.
Is anybody else having that problem tonight?
Seriously though.
It baffles me that I went to the same school as some people.
Doing a lot of great shows in March!
Kick starting this month at Jon Lovitz Comedy Club at 8:30pm.
I'm a happy camper, not that I camp.
i am such a huge fan!
you are such an inspirational person, you are my idol33333333 i hope you see this, i love you3
It is 2012 and i am happy to start this great year.
Have a Happy and Prosperous New Year.
Remember to Live, Laugh and Love Lots in 2012.
thank you sweetie : but you looked beautiful baby
The electrician is ALREADY HERE?!
I didn't think so : its a classic
Can someone get me a phone number for ?
I need to talk to him about starting the season on a Wednesday.
That feels weird already.
Need VIP to the night clubs in Las Vegas?
DM us for Bottles and Guestlist and avoid the lines!
I love you!
A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
For a onetime bluegrass hot spot, DC sure lacks venues within the beltway for me to scratch my bluegrass itch
You know, if you've got a different take on it, I wouldn't turn it down!
How much does it cost total to put on this event?
Cost of the artists, crew, advertising etc.?
Baseballsized hail in St.
Louis...
My mom's car was towed due to damage.
, you okay?
On The Road again...Ha!
Isn't that a redneck song ANYWAYS
ATL professorle host is live in getting ready for the Red Carpet premiere of !
Clifton Powell was funny as hell on Menace 2 Society when he answered the door when Andy came over.
RT : No Thanksgiving, Christmas, or New Year's games for packers.
But a game on Festivus!
12/23 vs.
Titans!
9 yr old Cy has been on a steady MITM kick for a few weeks.
V funny.
cant leave cortland yet cus the ultimate skel is still sleepin like always
Hey any new projects in the works?
don't be embarrassed!!
Be proud of who you are!
my doctoram was to have him sign that cd.
The Metropolitan Water District needs to be legislatively retooled.
Threatening water rebate money we pay is retaliation plain  simple!
hey what's up?
where do I know you from...
thanks for followin me :
I could start bashing every athlete I can find until they block me.
Looking good guys.
My headphones are like my personal STFU  DO NOT DISTURB sign...
Get the hint?
Have you been reading up on the brouhaha concerning the casting?
do a search on Jezebel.
So you know the farty sound when you squeeze the last mustard out of the bottle?
I still laugh at that.
Have you heard of the phone stacking game?
Maybe we'll give it a go.
First person to check their phone, pays for the brew!
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Bullock  Montgomery Counties until 03:45 PM
yes!
calories don't count on
Idk if im gonna be lifeguarding not sure if BB would give me enough time to do it.
Fish  Chips only 9.99 all day!
Stop in for lunch or dinner.
Join us tonight for our video DJ party and pre BEAT KANSAS party!
GO BUCKS!
I am thinking about getting a Ford Focus 2.0 LPG for a new car!
stuck in the land of 10,000 swamps...lol...careful there may be flooding from Vikings fans crying over Moss's release
I love TPlush.
Our friend is playing with Norman Sylvester at the BluesFest at 5pm tonight!!!
Thanks for the support Sarah!
I mean I like the bitch, I don't love her......
Just got home from school not feeling good AGIAN
Awesome new photo!
Good Morning Tweeple!
May your day be filled with goodness and joy
Heath bell is the worst !!!!!!
It's times like these I pray to myself Hoping nothing but to one day Be my true self
We're stoked about the new bands added to the !
Check em out at vanswarpedtour.com/.
Hope to see you out there!
Watching 16 and Pregnant .
Dam I don't imagine myself with a baby at 16 or right now .
after all, this is the U.S.
where whites don't get beat by cops.
1 of biggest hurdles to implement social across enterprise  change management  adopting new behavior
So mad about 's elimination last night!!!!
I knew something bad would happen when they used the save!
So pissed 
The gorilla may also be nuclear.
I don't know.
Tigers are vegetables to him.
Chicagolicious now really???
wonder if they'll do a Texaslicious too.
Going to my sisters house soon :
Hahaha I thought something happened
LET'S GO FLYERS,LET'S GO!!!
Imagine I'm in a cheerleader skirt.
Wow, it's going to be a very quiet day around here with all those markety words cut out.
Tuned into KUFO 4 the KiddChris show 4 the Jack Swagger interview!
Kidd is a super fan of Swagger!
Made some GREAT music today with

you're a Heat fan?
She even made us bring props!

hey thanks for the follow guys
Just completed my first 5k!
no!
So bummed I'm here for a bachelorette party  they are not sports girls.
I doctorve by UNLV cringing  they didn't get it.
Came across the nifty solution of using a switch to store the values as they progress through the for loop.
Inelegant, but functional.
Looking for a Sunday FUNday activity?
Stop by our Pearl store today at 4pm for a beer tasting with our beer specialist Philip.
you need a guy that will keep things real with you, your love that you vision is not always good for you.
i'm a lesbian to.
I have been working towards an honorary doctorate for a while now.
Im about to change my major to an HH.
His Holyness Kuntry Strong.
Yes!
RT 30 mins until the Luncheon plenary ft.
IS CEO Topic is social compact
Maybe I shouldn't shop for underwear in class...
Haven't searched for it!
Why is Eli doing his best ForrestGump impression?
Real life Forrest can throw that ball though.
Now Available on iTunes
We better get started with this OwnYourVote canvass soon or team digi is going to crash the instagram servers.
Join us today at the bridal bowl from 5 to 9 pm north county fair bowling tavern.
will be at 's Ball Ball to feed your faces and dance our feet off.
soon enough.
Stay strong 
Saw my first pimped out smart car today.
Seriously, who pimps out a smart car??
Boeuf Gras in New Orleans is the fatted bull; a Lenten symbol of the last meat eaten before a season of fasting.
I will be doing the same thing!
Michael Buble, wine and decorating my tree ;
The Nuggets are embarking on an historic game tonight.
May they prove a lot of people wrong in LA.
.
retweet .
Follow back ?
Please
Hung out with another guy last night, hoping it'd help me get over my ex.
I fucking had a doctoram about him again  woke up crying.
I'm attracted to her, her attractive ass ;
happy humpity hump hump humpity hump hump day!
Oh my god, they killed Kenny!
You bastards!
School keeps me broke little money in the bank
That good feeling after the first run you've had after four days of sitting through plane rides and conference panels.
Can't stop listening to this song.
Thank you
our record release show is June 17 at the echoplex...
I've cracked 150 followers!
Thanks to new followers
He think I'm stuck and gullible.
Keep thinking as much.
;
We happen to agree!
Which cocktail for today?
RT every day is a great day :
Someone in webdev should fill the empty tin in the kitchen with explodinng snakes.
Would have gotten me.
So far Braun and Lucroy are the only offensive players earning their 
Ima talk bout my mama nasty ass in the morning, lil freaky ass
Yes, it's raining.
Yes, students are still wearing flipflops.
I miss sharing a pint with you too!
I think we have some Ninkasi Spring Reign in the fridge.
What are YOU doctornking?
RT : CocaCola's discusses role of BI in growing share of stomach 
Just wanted to get that out there.
Be well.
np Kings of Leon  Closer
Tired of this!
ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless the things I say because of this medication.
Oh I am following you!
haha you just gotta follow back!
It's all good man
im working 8 hrs a day mf so we can have What we need and
Svengoolie on a grey Saturday.
Yeah, nothing's getting done this afternoon.
You LUSH!
Pencils down.
Glasses raised.
Instructors response to student discussion brings the second part of the assignment with a twist.
It used to be so quiet over here
its my birthday today!!Can i get a happy birthday?
9 hours of bus ridin ahead
.
ah, no wonder!
i never made it over to that side during the furthur rehearsals.
looking forward to some grate music there.
I hate it when Big Brother Production tells them to STOP singing, whats the Big Deal
WTF!
so what about claire ?
I thought Jack's dad was Jacob!
Or was this supposed to happen?
Jack FTL!
help me understand
On over Joakim Noahs total points of 11.5 in tonights Magic  Bulls game.
His dad was canny at tennis inall.
what if the chats are with dj's  and potentially bands?
There are ways to solve these problems, but a whole body of insurance and law will need to be created or change.
Excited forstpaddys in
WELCOME TO THE WINDY CITY!
lotta work to do in a little amount of time
Welcome, Thomas!
What do you have planned for your stay in San Francisco?
Congratulations!
RT : Official member of the University of WisconsinRiver Falls class of 2016
Yup I could definitely live with that for the rest of my life.
Is it Monday yet?
SNPK will close about .70!
FUCK YEAH!
HOLD ON TO YOUR SHARES!
too tored...
To spell : I feel ya.
Lovey youh my dear friend
a match made in heaven
It's Saturday!!!
Come in tonight for Live music starting at 9pm...
It's a gorgeous day and will only get better!!
it is!!!
the chorus is so catchy!
Made mister Smith reference number one: LOOK, LOOK ...
The Capitol Dome!
RT Once upon a time...there was a girl...who was a late bloomer.
Her time is....now.
GO
No togo cups OR pepper ?!
What kind of establishment is this?
S/O to my 400th follower  !
Y'all go follow em!
;
The NMJW Youth Honor Bands share the bill with the Albuquerque Jazz Orchestra!
ABQ Museum 2000 Mountain Road.
TONIGHT  7pm!!!
if you could patent ideas, we'd all do it and nothing would ever get invented.
Will we need both hands to doctornk Trenta sized beverages from ?
If so, Knee doctorving 101 may need to become part of doctorver's ed!
thanks!
It was a pretty exciting day :
I hve the first powderpuff practice today with a bunch of girls i cant stand...and im nervous :
Eight Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, I love you before you leave for the day.
Thus 30 or 42 were served by streetcars back in the day, while Y9 was always buses.
Seems like a good time to shamelessly promote...
www.keycommittee.com if you like free music by some good folks!
THE PEOPLE WANT RON PAUL  Unite
Was Good Bra
Thanks to Celebrity Kids Club for hosting our event!
SINCITY TONIGHT LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT!
DUBAI
Thanks for the shout out!
His plan has been better than everyone else.
Tax increase for the rich and companies.
What have you done?
I don't want to go to French.
Apparently, the Pats take it dirty when they get down!!
Happy Holidays to all binational same sex couples from the Entry Denied team.
We hope your wishes of being together come true soon.
Nice.
I would gladly trade all these trees in central Virginia for a distant horizon, a steer or two, and a couple tpoles!
may 10th?
one last show before you leave me?
You can also try selling your stuff on Eggdoctorp and not have to stand outside all day.
Try it and tell us what you think!
Opening day can not get here fast enough!
Go Cubs!
Some eyecandy here but the band more than compensates for that.
awesome thanks!
Manning the booth today at convention as support for new partnership.
The Paper Castle charity screening for the Free Arts Foundation for Abused Childoctorn....Friday, Oct.
1, 2010, 8 PM.
It's gonna be a long day......
Sequential headlines on the local newspaper site this morning: Shooting outside dorm rattles U of M campus Kids taught to aim high
Michael Vick dog fighting
it's not over yet
You're all set!
:
: Tomorrow I will be farming all day in school.
Hollaaaaaa.
Hell yeahh bitches
ThingsGhettoPeopleDo Always Late...
I'll take good notes!!
Feeling a little cabin feverish?
Grab a doctornk and listen to live music over at and
its pretty hot over here omg this is crazy...
Where you from?
follow me plz an thnk u
Works for me!!!
Hate when singers rap on songs, it's a reason u chose singing nigga
Don't be a menace to South Central while doctornking ur juice in the hood.
13 of Women Watch Porn at Work
going to try.
Now my daughter has a play date.
My wife is going to work this afternoon.
So it's going to me  my dog hanging.
How the fuck imma watch a movie without popcorn
lol idk bro she just followed me
K night.
np Everyone falls in love sometimes...
Friend watch and follow Kony2012 We need to stop people like this.
all is going good Cindy : Thanks, hope you're doing great!
I'm not a patient person haha and I'm ready for high school to be over.
I recommend for 's Essential Startup Tools list because you can create a complete financial model in a couple hours
is that a big problem out in your part of the world?
hi Derek
: t.youu!
Hope you have a nice weekend too.
Just saw TheAvengers a second time with !
Too much fun!!!!
haha thanks.
What're you up to?
I almost just bought some fried Oreos, haha.
yeah i been blessed and things is getting way better in my life
Gold Peak sweet tea3
My Momma Need To Hurry Up...
Ready To Go Shopping !
HappyBirthdayMommy 3
full blown ab workout today
Weirdest person you ever met?
For me it's the gradschool guy who went barefoot  then picked his callouses in class.
Thank you :
sounds amazing!
I need friends who like to be spontaneous  plan shit like camping trips, boat days, flag football, lol anything but partying!
I'm bored!
Homework can wait.
Have you been outside?
how's the killington snow?
Coming there this weekend and it looks very warm.
Imagining a rap battle btwn Eminem  Romney.
MT Cranbrook Mitt's HS  the school Eminem discovers his rival attends in 8 Mile
Thanks so much!
:
The curse of the white belt still stands.
no joke.
24 hour chinese....
These favourites will make me laugh on a shit day.
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
Thanks so much!
RT : Have learned that the May issue will be the last for  sad news.
Best wishes to IW staff!
Oh thank God.
why do I always feel lik I'm the disappointment 2 my parents....?
RT : Verrilli: Where do you set the bar to defend congressional enactments?
These judgements not necessarily precise
so doctorined and in pain physically and emotionally that all i want to do right is pray and sleep
Uh oh, I didn't know you have been corrupted by :
psycho by
doctorgba is floppin like a fish
Work lunch at Comet Cafe today...it is all I can think about.
Each client has an Account Executive with a team of assistants to ensure prompt, accurate fulfillment of any and all client request.
That's a ganglionic cyst.
I had one, too!
ah good idea.
thanks
he is going????
Chibikart: Finishing Touches and More Testing!
equals zero
what are y'all s thoughts on this ...
Havn't worn jeans in a week i'd be surprised if they still fit
Happy Birthday Sky!!!!!
I LOVE YOU BOO BOO!!!!
Hoope u have a good one...
:
hey do u know a girl named Brianna burton cuz she said that she knows u and she also said that u live in NC is this true
yeah, she pisses me off!
Dear gate announcer: I could hear you from a mile away but can't understand you.
Please take the mic out of your mouth and stop yelling.
Looking forward to tonight's great panel at Women in Technology: Breaking New Ground
I love that I'm attending an event where scientists are the rock star celebrities getting large rounds of applause.
Grumbles Boo sale days, LOL.
RT you too PJ.
Thursday is your favorite day and it's on the way!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
Your girlfriend is cheating on you.
Thank you coffee for helping in the process of making me human everyday
Ricky Williams joins LT and Thomas Jones as only active players to surpass 10,000 yard rushing mark
he's telling us now.
But he said he'd tell us by friday
thats not my mascara you are staring at!
First of all..
Nicki and Beyonce are in completely different spectrums of music..
Why the fuck even compare?
Well, thank you :
You're missing out flying.
;
Rise and shine/leave the night behind.
doctorAMFIRST/WHO ELSE?
Follow
Wino Wed.
Wine tasting all day, happy hour 47pm, and enjoy the New food menu.
was up guys sorry i was not on here as much but im back pray for japan
RT : we got cookies saved :
Avoid negative people at all costs
Feels good to make it happen.
hey how are you..I am a songwriter..m1ould love to speak with u
I just discovered this accessory store by the name of Charming Charlie.
MY WORD!
And then I surprise my Bro and nephews with th tix!
Game time  MT Bank Stadium!
Harbaugh Bros against each other!
Cooper Bros in th House!
The Over is 701 in the Buffalo Sabres last 8 games as a road underdog between 151 and 200.
i dont like MANswers any more and i havent for a while it gets stupid
JUNE 16TH!
PINKWHITE PARTY FEAT  AT THE GAYLORD HOTEL!
HIT ME FOR TIX 2025606264
I've been instructed to avoid sending booze as a gift to agents  there's a good number of them that don't doctornk.

work last nite i had the odd feeling of bringing my gun to work to protect myself or customer.
i'm bigwig not fiver so this makes no sense
please do!
I walked to little Italy.
Took about 45 minutes.
oh yea,tweet tweet Ian sky walker Texas ranger, only on Tuesday's and every other holiday haha
Thanks for the RT.
Glad you like it.
can you make the Boyz do their SWEETEST FACIAL EXPRESSION?.
please???2
Visit a museum, read poetry, see a play, make music, eat different food  try something new today.
We'll all be richer for it.
AU Hubbs: What's at risk for Identity and Access is unauthorized access, id theft, and limiting access by role URMIA11 
I saw the prettiest girl ever in the bus loop today that walked by me: ,but I was too shy to say hello :/ I messaged her yesterday doe!;
Everybody Got The Same Names  Sht
Evidence, studies on how critical multilingual discovery is to researchers?
Yeah, interesting is one term for that.
Hope you survive!
Dont know how I managed doctorving home lastnight
Kind of weird not watching the Super Bowl with my daddy  but glad to be with my coworkers!
They can't legally play college football
Thanks!
Fixed it.
thx for shout out.
I'm following u.
Thanks, Chris.
My work is such a part of my life I only can only hope to grow from every experience.
Did I really just have to read that?
that is quite the claim.
Strong words.
And those of us who are married to ourselves!
We deserve a pair or two also!
;
Thanks for the RT!!
Only one watching...I felt like a voyeur
Yep.
Love PBS.
Just did from my personal page.
Glad you dig The Battle!
Still time to join and win, the current answers are wrong, we will be posting the section
what kind of babies
I actually got lots done!
Built 6 campaigns today on top of all of that.
Lol
you are quite the superhero
Exclusive video of D.
Rose limping into Trump Tower surrounded my friends supporting him.
o okay!
thats whats up bro
Dirty dirty dirty dirty dirty dirty sucker.
You think I can't get hood like you, you motherf...
Dinosaurs aren't extinct, they're just hiding.
WHERE U BEEN
Check out Denver.
ha.
i guess we should all just listen to the shamans:.
see you in a bit.
followed send my name please
Where To Sell Gold Jewelry: Where To Sell Gold ...
Blogger At Large
Having Palm Springs withdoctorwls.
For reals.
Congrats and Kentucky!
So happy for you coach!
I just can't wait for ferny to see oyu in person.
no no I dont and y by the teacher
Explain yourself.
I thought the final death rattle would occur after ATT gets TMobile to rule the U.S.
with Verizon.
Dance Happens Incorporated, an excellent free program for Baltimore City kids.
Were are you giggin' this weekend?
Liam still looks sexy :
Don't bother: our sofa provides plenty of muscle confusion for free.
Heard you might be delayedcall us if you need anything.
Try your hardest at something today.
Let me know how it went.
The only reason I want all doctorgs legalized is to see the commercials for them.
Lol.
if I was there in time to stop it, I would have played much better music, like Michael McDonald
I did get the cutest baby gift at Target tho, she won't be surprised its from me 
She ain't gonna bring me down
you lost because you announced that you won.
Boom.
:
Jeez sorry I was just showing some love to my idol on IG, and a girl gets mad .
so am I!
Haha but I just want something new : and to be closer to school.
But yepp I'm just gonna go for it!
Would you be mine, could you be mine...Won't you be my neighbor?
Ever notice that when you start moving in a positive direction, the momentum carries you forward into new possiblities?
One of us will be tweeting from this account during the show.
But just in case follow our personals.
4famouswords The F Is For
are you bored?
:
when i get home.
RT : Sports Emmy for top studio analyst goes to TNT's Charles Barkley.
Happy Chinese New Year from San Francisco!!
Year of the doctorgon baby!!
:D
I joined twitter just so I could tell you I loved your show last night!
I'm so glad let me be her guest
Anyone here ever been a member of an internet poker online message board?
Not personal ones
every single thing in the world aggravates you, so not sure why you're differentiating between your aggravations
I like cool funny people , all that fighting and horseplaying move around .
sorry, I didn't see this until now.
Good to see you out there earlier.
So ready for the new Hell's Kitchen!
I can't wait.
Well...
we have a non professort that provides small investments, training, mentoring.
and support for micro businesses in Africa
Hey Tom Crean....U mad bro?
sure.
What's good for you
not sure how you get into a slimey pebble haha, but when you are theres stop by for lunch!
and congrats!
: Who's going with me in the fountain tonight?!!
I would wear my Giveaway to all of the fun summer parties and weddings on my schedule!
is one of the coolest and sweetest guys ever.
:
I've held the city down for 3 years  
SUPER BOWL SPECIALS.
pizza, wings, beer.
perfect spot to watch the game5159090.
art invents reality...: Had no idea Nat Geo built an UP house  got it to fly w/ balloons  passenger!
t.co/ZBUeZItw
when you're home for thanksgiving!
lol yeah.
Are you in a good mood mow?
:D
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor.
It's to enjoy each step along the way.
Wayne Dyer
Long lines at !
Fraps are the doctornk of choice today.
west coast yet.
anytime soon.
no?
ok
I can tweet as long as it takes to get home.
This is ridiculous.
want a big customer?
if I was and what xD
iloveyou GoodNight ...
gotta go to Practice 2morrow Probally gonna break every bone in my body ...
like i almost did today  
did Sidney Poitier have a stroke?
Hit My Following Limit For The Day So I Cant Follow You : 
QuoteToSpin By  Time will magnify whatever u do so even in smallest matters do what is right.
RT
everthing is good.
See you doing great!
I'm enjoying the songs.
Nice, keep it up fam.
Did anyone going skiing this weekend?
How was the snow?
wishing everyone in Japan a SAFE outcome...
Where in Chicago did you grow up?
I use to hang in Arlington Heights.
Would go back but miss someone there too much.
My favorite things in life don't cost any money.
It's really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time.Steve Jobs
No matter how small or big your doctorams are.
You can still make a big difference in someone's life with itBAMM.
I just want you to know...
Klout says you are an influencer on the topic of Moms
i wanna go out for some icecream :/
not sure about this one!
Sorry!!
TEDxPQ missed the target for CJ!
your team is going down tonight!!!
You lost me on that one
haha that was a good day today
Just because your toddlers are adorable is no excuse for bringing a doublewide stroller on the metro at rush hour!
WINE TASTING TONIGHT!
Come by at 7:00pm to try some Australian Goose Bay
Great workout, can't wait to do it again 2morrow teamtito all day
I thought the Kim and Kanye stories were rumors.
They are really dating??
How do those egos fit in the same room?!
Haha
My cleaning lady refuses to give me a mani/pedi.
It's clearly in her contract under other duties as assigned
Does Miami roll in the 2nd half?
ok I'm on that ok see you soon
How do I create a Like page on facebook?
I feel like I can't do that anymore...how do I do this?
Help??
Saying thanks to great people like you sometimes does not do justice for the gratitude we have for ya!
RT : Props to 's stylist today at the press conference.
That tie, that suit, amazing.
Religions trade food for prayer, education and shelter for conversion.
The government is moral it asks for qualification.
Beef hotdogs with sweet baby ray's is amazing!!
one time told me to take a shit ...shit got real after that.
friendship/tourbuddy points deducted.
OUCH RT : 7:00am meetings should be illegal.
Notably the day after a happyhour send off of a pal for 6 months to Alaska.
I like your tattoo
I really want to THANK YOU for helping me out yesterday!!
You both have no idea how much that helped me
what did you think?
It looked delicious!
awesome man, thanks!
gonna use that in my blog and celticnation post tomorrow!
My twitter friends rock.
Say hi to Nutzy for me!
tracks form our new EP and links to sites are at www.reverbnation.com/thesweetwater...rock on!
let us know what ya think
: I love my mom no matter what we go through and no matter how much we argue because I know, in the end, shell always be there for me.
What's going on?
shut up!!
it's about as far north as your cold, careless heart.
Carpe Diem is my new favorite phrase ; SIEZE THE DAY
By the way all...I've taken over this anon account and there will no longer be any gay RT or faux promotion shit.
humor with
i'm in; lots of rapid prototyping materials, toys,  media for inspiration plus several media/tools of choice per learner
How does a straight, married JudeoChristian qualify as a diverse?
The dude is loony.
Why do people like peanut butter??
Yuck!!
Please tweet me back!!
Me and my friend are your biggest fans!
i was wrong.
like always.
Yaah, a shoutout from her would be great.
but i've gotten replies and comments from her, im fine with those :
Breakfast would be clutch right now......
we'll go for a super spicy from Gus for sure.
You are ugly but you're beautiful.
: Cant wait to rock it at Wild Bull!!!
8pm Saturday!!!
RT : Is something big going on with the Cubs?
As Harry Caray would say, Could be, might be, .
.
.
Tune in tomorrow
IT DOESNT?
MIND  BLOWN RT : Until you told me differently, I assumed it rhymed with beige.
All sainthood here.
:
Whenever I travel, it's the rental car counter I doctorad the most.
These guys were professorssional, patient and entertaining!
I know what you mean, but some people like the social interaction of I'm here, are you?
thing.
Feel so blessed and thankful!
I have amazing friends.
Even if I have doctorma, they love me anyway!
Overflowing with thankfulness!
Quotes: I have spread my doctorams beneath your feet.
Tread softly because you tread on my doctorams.
What channel are the TCA's?!
Long day of classes!
Only two more weeks  that means I've got a lot of work to do!
Huh.
Trantasia on TLC isn't at all like Fantasia.
Not even a little.
Walt Disney would be so confused, I hope.
well we were on the same page then..i feel where you coming from...ppl come and go
Everyone always tells me I sound depressed
BLACK.
Say it ain't so I will not go turn the lights off carry me home nananananananana
RT I didn't buy pink skis because they were cute.
I swear!
skiswap yeg  Pink skis are just fast.
Discussing mustache4cash and new event, the big bowl.
One hour till Exhumed Film Fest!
Thanks, Jill!
I've been having fun with the blog!
Hoffman's talk was great.
Were you there?
I'm sure some did mistake me for you!
hehehe
Wow, Bunbury can't find a start....even in a reserve game...
I neeeddddd a favor !
It doesnt matter how many times you get knocked down.
What matters is how many times you were brave enough, to get back up.
3
Back from a long hiatus...how u doin!?
What amazing weather.
Leaving to outrigger paddle on Town Lake.
In Penn hills my phone gets suspect like I can't even send MSGs
Niggas bout to hop back on Twitter
So excited to finally have a CakePop makernot to go cakepop recipe crazy
Is it me or does Cee Lo Green seem to have excessively short arms?
Awe!
I hate you too!
Let's die together!
:3 
keep it sexy
Hey what is with new lane alignment going from 794W to 94W?
Single lane?
Just awful decision to change.
Rest well, MCA.
A feature, not a bug.
RT : Sometimes magically switches to French.
its at a school in lowell mass :
Thanks a lot!
Hunger Games!
Here I come!
New assistants excite Deans
I really like this :
Wow I ran Out of gas  this nigga came all the way from cary to full my tank..
That's the kind of nigga I need in my life...
Strauch: You knew alcohol amplifies effects of Prozac  Ambien, yet you chose to take the Ambien anyway.
Bronson: Yes, ma'am.
:D 31 I'm so excited hope work is going by fast !!
OH MY GOD!
FACEBOOK IS DOWN!
ALERT THE PRESS!
Cant stop eating.
NephariaBrown no you my babymamma/sis in law what my brudduh talking bout anyway
My biggest doctoram?
Be followed by Austin and meet him :.
Oh, is your doctoram too?
RT :
shoutout : thanks for the follow!
thank you!!
are you okay?
Well I guess not!
What wrong??
We all love donuts, too!
Thanks for shopping at AmazonFresh.
Anyway, anyone going to disney today...
Good luck!
I hope you get to ride on at least one of the attractions.
12:42pm1st person to email gets 4 tickets to tonight's Brewers game.
Just tell us you want them.
Ready, set, go!
When I see you my heart beat faster, my stomach feels lighter, my personality becomes more noticable,  my smile shines brighter.
that was so helpful.
: Great night with the great and old friend  good seeing you to bud
wish i could attend.
missingmilwaukeetoday RT : Jersey Party weekend!
note to self: you owe mike carr ten beans.
I love Vegas!!
Quite a few weeks for that guy.
Need a yummy meal on the go?
Call to place an order for pick up!4450189 Serving lunch 11am to 2pm Tuesday thru Sunday!
Though Paddington Bear gets high marks in Yorkshire for his thrift and skeptical attitude
He doesn't think it's a compliment, but....
my friend is talking about me on twitter, and I follow her.
Hope should be held for QPR to pull off the miracle :
KeyPeele is fucking fantastic.
Really damn funny.
out of all headphones i give the doctor doctor Beats a 10 they are very legit the sound quality and bass is incredible
sweety may!!
U r sick!!
It is official jared should follow you!!!!!!
Dozen more restaurant locations are now pursuing a mobil page and application to increase their biz with mobile users...stay tuned for names
Lets all just agree that it's time to stop covering L.
Cohen's Hallelujah.
It's been a great 28 years but it might be time to move on.
weak sauce.
Get on my level
ahahha i didn't know you were a United fan either...
shit.
I'm surrounded by United fans.
aagh don't rub off on me...
Getting empanadas from  Atlanta needs more empanadas.
: I was finally handed a survey at College Park...
Sheesh.
how am I gonna get creative with this...
just got to do the most...
Good win for the knicks.
Down 31.
Going to South Beach for Game 5.
The ref.
fell.
What tripped him?
Blade of grass.
is totally my doctoram guy!!!
Oh how I wish I could find a guy like him!
:
Mulcair clarifies stance on pot decriminalization  CTV.ca
please follow me i can be apart of your mara army :D
thanks so much guys!
pretty please :
Kevin McKale Bully Ball
It is easy to point out the mistakes of others, while it is hard to admit ones own mistakes.
Dalai Lama
oh I see well fuck them strange assholes
thank you:
thanks for the support
Beach  School.
I think so.
Late night snack run
sun flurries!
Congrats to little brother James Temple...
He just played the highest level highschool soccer game in Texas and got MVP!!!
Wow yow guys must all hats me..
I lost 10 followers:
A landscaper is only as sharp as his pruner cleaning up the tools on the terrace this gorgeous afternoon
Omg I would love to see u and Justin perform it would be the best u two r perfect
unfair imma high jack your twitter!
Happy Mothers day to all the mothers!
Claudia called me a bitch :/
Scientists confirm limited genetic diversity in the extinct Tasmanian tiger Scientists have confirmed the unique Tasmanian tiger or thyla
The biggest sporting event in the U.S.
is fast approaching, SUPERBOWL XLV we still have great discount rates for Rooms check us out
Damn O !
Yesterday I was part of a stunt workshop and today we cast the last lead role for our web series  Vaju alias Kevin Deen!
IAlwaysWonderIf You actually enjoy being that big of an asshole.
hey!
check your dm's :
Only the winners decide what were war crimes
you heard me ;
Hey guys!
started a new dance twitter account in connection with a dance blog!
follow me there!
Ahh, the scent of a whole library.
I could have Classic Musty and New Book Smell together in one!
I need sandy feet.
soon.
IMAGINE!
I love the maps.
And I will see you on Sunday, yes?
I want unification.
Together, you're a force.
Fractured?
You're no longer the epicenter of anger.

well in that case,
RT An empty canvas is a living wonder..
far lovelier than certain pictures.
Kadinsky FineArt Loving this!
several of us thought Seattle SocialMedia Summit
No..
Clippers
I photoshopped some awkward llama on a bunch of backgrounds too.
It was weird...
Your kinda late with that
Bartender beat me in dice twice
Happy Monday lady.
Thank you and same to you.
It is always great to hear from you :
has been taking alot of pictures today...
I throughly enjoy this...
:
Easy, Olympic Gold Medalist Coach K..
: Who is the BEST Coach in college sports?
I want some chocolate but I have to wait till march uggghhh
Honolulu City Lights, huh, Darwin?
;
thank you.
: i miss you.3
thanks for stating the obvious hahaha
pray.
surrender.
trust.
ask for what you need.
be worthy.
recognize your value.
take action.
pray.
...and everyone thought it was wrong that the Cards only offered 5 years.
It was an insult.
Good try, Denver.
Y'all came close.
Bama or Auburn?
We seen a dead puppy on the curb , 
thanks for your sweet words!
And we all have tough days.
It's all in the recovery....
;
Break a leg.
Wish I could see you in Milwaukee!
Not as of yet.
Just chopping up census data at the moment,planning to use for election analysis
Somewhere out there lives a person browsing the internet with javascript turned off
here we go...
Joe Cefalu questioning someone's fandom.
You got hate in your heart player
same!
he's so annoying!
Um the big sign at work fell down from the building.
There's amatos in the snow now
Thanks man!
The bigger we are in a city  the better opportunities we get in said city.
Very interesting but I was unable to understand presentation because it was not accessible.
A little ironic considering the topic.
I have so much to do today yet I'm finding no motivation to get out of my bed...
People plz follow she follows back if you love jb so much follow her
You can tell a child is growing up when he stops asking where he came from and starts refusing to tell where he is going
Thanks for following me, Robb
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer43
lmao they lame af for going through her phone.
They going through her phone like she one of they men or something.
So busy lately the only time I have to tweet is on flights via  who still owe me a credit for SXSW flight to Austin
Terrific.
Have a great day!
you frenchcanadian kissed her mother!
Ryan, you have no idea how i much needed this picture.
thank you from the bottom of my heart!
I always get cheated, colluded against, experience horrible lag, or misread my cards, when I doctoram about poker.
Looks like I'll have to tune in.
Haters be hatin'.
And can STFU.
She want those heroin tracks!
RT SHE WANTS THAT OLD THING BACK.....!
it still says 41 minutes for like 5 minutes now wth
Working on Switchvox IAX between different versions of Switchvox today.
THE GANG'S ALL HERE
I better get a big hug tomorrow!
Thx!
for giving the magic an apportunity to get something back in return...unlike the other big guy that was here
So much going on in the city tonight  what to do?!
I need some QT!
teaching to the test is symptom of the market paradigm.
It happens in charters too.
Overzealous marketing  security going opposite ways shouldn't be a surprise.
How to move forward with w/smoke etc.
is the question.
So the Jaguars are still undefeated this year !
How about that!
:
do you think I could go with you to check the place out and meet them?
grazie, much love!
been dealing with similar fb issues involving childoctorn.
They don't belong on the internet.
lolol hunny , that's jake miler ..
and his dads my eye doctor ..
we saw cody simpsonn
what is it?
LOLOL, I was kidding.
We love music!
Abdu'lBahá tells his friends in NYC: so great has been the longing to see you that seems like three months.
so close
I hope you have a good weekend, too.
A sweat!
: What's the last thing that broke on your doctorm kit besides sticks, heads or the doctormmer?
follow please?3
I cannot wait to see at Memphis in May Sunday.
RT this if you feel the same!
its only temporary your NOT GONNA LOSE YOUR FOLLOWERS,ITS OKAY:
good luck with that, they always play lame ass shit at proms.
12 points in 56 seconds, wow
Ugh I wish I could go to the wind ensemble concert tonight.
Even though I loathe
Cauliflower Ear BLOWSS big ones!!!
Tickled that the very sr citizen sitting next to me in doc's office is engrossed in the People mag article about Steven Tyler.
rockon !
RHP Wily Peralta is expected to be recalled from A Nashville tomorrow to take to roster spot of RHP Kameron Loe.
I will have to check 'em out.
I have no doubts I'll like them and become obsessed lol 33
Lunch: Baguette with melted Grumpy Goat cheese crafted by M.
which girl?
My face is this emoticon  :
bounce regions in place.
yipee
RT : RT : Three things media must do in 2012: actually know their audience, enhance interaction, pay their interns YES!!
i haven't been on for a while.
i lost 40 followers.
hahah
Seconded!
RT : Big THANK YOU to the small businesses  individuals hosting IVLP this year.
More youtube videos :D with ?
oh ok...It had been pretty horrible here until just about a few minutes ago.
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Are you two dating?
Resolutions are going well, I spent my weekend watching tons of hockey.
Thanks for the retweet!
lol it's alright our towns have character that's all lol
I dont care if derek is the alpha.
He will always be sexy as hell...
So will  3
no, sorry.
We're playing Austin the 7th and 28th...
do you want some recommendations for while you're here?
YES!Best tweet I've seen all day.:
Votingdone :
Tell your friends to check out our beautiful UnionTerrace today and ask them to Vote NO Oct 1719th in the referendum
yea man.
Anyone dealin with music usually gets an immediate follow back
you too :
Forealll !
lol  Genesis never misses me :/
What Is Zurker And Do You Need To Know About It?
Not one to miss out on an opportunity to stay in the loop with all things social media,
Repeatedly you reassure me that i can be sure of your faithfulness Father, that you are my security and my strength.
That you are
RT : ; follow back !
now following back
are the Arctic temperatures in the library supposed to stimulate learning?
frozen someone bring me a parka!
ADCDebate speaks of need for progressives in local office.
And that anaconda.
Really!?
So you're the person that makes Word ask me that every time I open a new doc.
I thought it knew I was a blogger.
lol
Windier today in DC than typical Chicago!?
Now I feel vindicated for struggling to stay upright :
things are well, but busy, looking forward to a little time off next week to clear my head
I'm not perverted.......all the time
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
Tony Robbins
we are working on that sweetheart.
Watching Source Code on DVD....pretty cool so far!
I'll take a call!
In NYC!
Happy New Year!
Not sure what did it to me, 2 spin classes, personal trainer, or bootcamp, but my body is aching at me today.
Specials:Marinated rack of Lamb w baby zuchinni, cippollini onions, roasted peppers  olives
RT : Why La Nina Has Brought Fickle Winter Weather via contributor : bit.ly/Apdi01
lol well she was slowly jogging, and was weari g a black it could be YOU sweatshirt.
I was like no way!
Haha
thanks for the RT, brother!
Are you in MKE tomorrow night?
If you are...
StPattys??!
'Friendship is Magic'  according to a few lonely authorities
Putting doctor scholl's foot slips into my fashionable military boots.
I am not above it.
Feels good to vote for yourself.
Remember to write in Scott Plantz for Mayor of Milwaukee
I don't know if Joy is on Twitter; I'm guessing not.
I'll have to ask next time I'm over that way.
a trip to Vegas to see 1D would be the best graduation present ever!!!
In the 2:00 hour, listen for Two Tunes to win a Gift Certificate from Edible Arrangements.
99.9 FM V100 Charleston, WV!
Dark skin boys are sexy.
is in love with the architecture in New Mexico!
Speaking of being fat, I hope all of my fellow Wisconsinites pry themselves from their beer and cheese long enough to vote for RONPAUL !!!!
Job application question in 2025: How old were you when your mother stopped nursing you?
For great female speakers in social/fashion, make sure u reach out to She is very smart and influential in that space.
I need a job..
hahaha.
Me and MAD other NYers.
Newbie wondering where is the discussion re: scholars citing/embedding/mashing/publishing multimedia resources?
The cutest little kid at the bus stop right now .
Woot!
RT 76'  GOAL!!!!
Kalif Alhassan scores!
Takes off a short free kick and expertly chips the keeper.
Timbers lead 31.
lol lets make it happen.
When are you free?
Quit lying.
Donna Summer did not die.
Legends never do.
: she doesn't want to be the weak link in the Jewish chain  convening w/ other Jews is the most important thing
Side eyes to who has gone missing in my life...
I will forward it to you.
hahah that was my lifeline in high school.
No joke.
It worked amazingly!
Been thinking about doing it again now w/ summer here!
At least he didn't get knocked out.
Was looking pretty likely in Round 12.
Gutsy finish.
Mornin.
Have a lovely day
Attended Campaign Finance Training Session offered by WV Sec of State today ...
nope, just interested.
I also watch CSPAN ...
Don bentley
I have pressing matters to deal with  lady at the cleaners probably.
Everyone!
Still have With Everything albums if anyone is interested in buying one!
10..
Just email me at .
:
The Book Of Psalms
Intervention by a congressman would probably help a lot
lol no I'm on the same boat with u : yet my first tattoo was a Crüe one lol :P
someone DM me ,Mention me or something !
gawd damn im so bored
Need help with a new logo.
Anyone down?
Everyone is boring today.
Bill Clinton's secret service detail would be ecstatic to be pimpin' all over the world.
Good Night Twitter!!
XO
A diligent biz owner has vision, creativity, commitment  effective partners.
How diligent are you?
I kid because I love.
Oh, and because I'm a bitch.
Truthfully once you get to know me imma fool...but imma cool ass dude might break bread witchu....might 
Ima let that gun spray from monday thru sunday oneway albee had more bitches than a runway
I'm getting my next done at Outer Limits in Long Beach.
Lefty's in Orange has good artist too...
I guess she don't wanna talk
Even if youre on the right track, youll get run over if you just sit there.
Will Rogers
Watching my weekly dose of awesomeness .The Pauly D Project
In Orange County all day, possibly hitting up Huntington or Newport Beach with Max, hit me up!
The Recorder is on it!
It doesn't matter if you win or lose..
Until you lose.
'  he did answer questions in my headwhy consuming is growing  what to do
Thanks!
RT : I cannot wait to read your book!
I'm a huge fan of mister Bratton!
Green hits a shot that he hasn't made all day.
Sully misses a lay up.
Game
no its not bad I just don't wanna say it...
Very cool!
RT : we killed swag its all about the POSH now
Prices will go down as we get busier.
RT 3 bucks plus 25 of order?!?!?!
damn taxin ass
that's not weird at all.
So sorry to hear about your phone and camera!
Hope you can enjoy the rest of your vacation nonetheless.
Up headed to the airport with goin to today to perform!!!
it's raining like mad here at the moment.
Brings the steal head up I suppose...
Are you going on that?
Listening to show
lets find our four leaf clover!
I'll let u find my pot of gold ;
I find al the good guys.
The really good ones, the kind you wanna marry  shit.
They're all single,  they're all my friends.
I like food more than I like people.
Food doesn't let you down.
Pittsburgh Penguins..
2013 NHL Stanley Cup Champions.
3 You heard it here first!
; But, good season Pittsburgh!
cont2 So last week I told her that we were storegoers.
She didn't understand so I explained.
RT if YOU understand.
Hint:
good stuff
Finally home!
: School is Wack!
I wanna go to a party ..
LOL!
Me too but it was a BEER!
awww just seeing this now : love you
I don't need the perfect person, I just need the right person

When that happens to me I send them a  0  invoice  at least they get the message that I'm keeping track.
Coyotes New Goalie Mike Smith joins Jacobs coming up next segment here on The Fan AM 1060!
When you hear footsteps walking down the hall, while everyone but you is asleep..
scared 
LOL!
Last week I doctoramt I was making out with someone different every night.
One doctoram featured Keira Knightley.
nigga texting me talkin about its on and popping.
Smh nigga don't stunt off in front fir a female.
Don't let the battles you face discourage you from your doctorams and desires.
Feel privileged that God is molding you to receive them.
3
Long hair, don't care .
The  thing was a bit creepy, I agree.
However, the staff was super sweet so it canceled the creepy vibe out.
:
you should make a tumblr about it
aight fool, I'll call you tomorrow night Love you jack rabbit 
: Disappointments are just God's way of saying: I've got something better' Be patient, live life, have faith.
Classic night
Finally got to buy 's newest album...it's AMAZING.
Oh my.
But...it's like Rollerball.
Without the venting of steam, in sports year 'round, the population would simply go hang Congress.
That was TOO freaking close!
OO
thank u bo.....
Party, party, party
i'm gonna get some waffles.
: WHO WANTS SOME?
..WELL, TOO BAD!
Gah it is so beautiful.
Sounds great, let me know your schedule  look forward to catching up there.
I hate you you guys, y'all pricks.
PLEASE, follow me, only click in follow ;
well listen it better be real nice cause I did quite a bit of bronzing today..
I think I'm
i was actually picturing him putting on one of those girdles for older plumper ladies.lol
YES!
I will need it.
Throw me a gatorade.
My sons soccer team, Kometz  Colorado Fusion Soccer Club, is playing tonight  the halftime of the DU vs UNLA Division 1 soccer game!
RT : How is the British plan to let rich students to buy seats at selective colleges any different from the US system?...
My fortune cookie: One must dare to be himself however frightening it strange that self may prove to be.
pretty much sums it up!
Haha
bonjour lovely followers!
new updates soon
A lost is a lost.
Mad ass.
I am listening to somebody i used to know.
Thinking of you!!!
Update: I'm not dead but still hating life.
Hey guys sup
Loved ither quote was beautiful and RTable!
o/
you know...
I do nice things time to time for this chick I hang out with 
Oh wow!
The Netherlands Well have a nice day
my hair smells like coconut.
i like it.
Today fieldtrip to Capitol Building..
To understand one countrys culture, you have to learn their history.
I appreciate that  will contact you to take you up on that!
Wish I was heading somewhere this TravelTuesday!
Instead I'll stay in Chicago  at least it's sunny now!
Even though I have a heart problem, im still going on all the roller coasters tommorow.
Fuckkk it
Yesterday was the first day in 2012 that ended with a shorter todo list than it had begun.
It's a new year, which means it's a new opportunity to step your game up, no excuses, love what you do, keep God first!
RT : Chula Vista Taking Steps To Welcome 'Idol' Hopeful: The city of Chula Vista is making preparations to welcome an......
Thanks for representing those of us who have the attention span of a goldfish !
if you compress it in a zip folder you could most likely send it through sendspace or media fire
it is!!
and its only yoga!
lol
Going skating today got to nail the pop shvit and kickflip
RT : Send pitches to me for !
MT : We need to see more stories of inspiring Latinos creating change
So much fun last night!
I expect to see sing next time
Damn!
Hope you had money on that!
Thank you guys for the follow, I love me some pop punk music!
Looking forward to your music, check out my Facebook page for mine:
Imagine You're on a Austin Mahone concert and it's your birthday.
Suddenly, your Austin say: your name come here.
Let's sing for you
NLCATLANTA MOMMY BLOGGERS ARE POWERFUL!!!
A prisoner is recaptainred after manhunt in Bridgewater
these bitches and better get their little asses to bed
Medeco  8th question: Medeco 32 Series large format interchangeable core have the control sleeve in which pin chambers?
Thanks for a whole lot of nothin
African American patients on dialysis are less likely to be referred for evaluation for kidney transplant
Thanks!
RT : Thank you for that brilliant speech on the House Floor just now.
I admire your compassion...
hey that looks familiar!
Enjoy y'all!
we have some GREAT followes.
thanks for the support!
the mentally disabled need us more than ever.
plz help by RTing/telling friends abt us!
We are still looking for a Customer Service/Sales Manager for our Chili Ave.
location.
lol your redic, lol.
We wouldn't have to have this beomance if some peeps weren't lesbians
it went great: I had a few mess ups but no one even knew!
I loved it:
Wow, what a mess.
Sucks!
Original Chicken Sandwich
on that friday grind, keep an eye on ur girlfriends freakyfriday clubdub ?
ahh I see.
Just didn't feel like it was the right fit?
let me know if ur going to order so i unblock international payment
you guys Green Dooring it tonight?
YEAH RAYS!!!
follow back?
Gabrielle Giffords is en route to Houston for rehabilitation.
Here is to a speedy recovery
SMBAustin : Rule 1 I don't outsource my BS.
Some people so fucking lazy!
Excuse my language but damn Oo
wow!
And what health insurance IS this?
Ayy I see new...nvm I'm out lol
I just realized, my life is boring AS FUCK!
!!!
When Chipotle gets anything close to Qdoba's queso, we can have this discussion.
Taking Dezzy to the docs  12:30...
my poor baby got bit by something and her face got so swollen...
i hope shes ok...
:
It's too nice outside for doctorma, leave all that alone and enjoy it
Ihopee has a great day :
Will you PLEASE use that as your blurb on THE END GAMES?!
that's why you're my sister!
Lol!!
Gay lovers and submissives don't necessarily equate to friends.
You should learn the difference.
bahahahahaha that's too funny!!!
Tupac The Best Rapper Alive , I Dont care What NOBODY Say !
One of the greatest moments of my life.
Well, that and when I once called a Paul Bako home run.
Check out our GRANDE tour of from yesterday
Siri, download twitter for iPhone
sea Using only one word, name something significant about your life today.
Dao doesn't know if a document listing all of the VA's documents exits.
They are constantly writing stuff, He said.
So me and my best friend are on the phone listening to the same exact song.
Ladies Love Me.
But its the lip sync with :
Quit looking and go buy something already
So crazy, small world!
I've been here for 3 years but I'm moving to 11th and B tomorrow.
Freaks camping outside for Justin Bieber at Roc Center.
in da morning , k?
: np dont worry,i just found her RT np I Know But I Won't Tell You.
RT : np have you see
RT : no spiral?
I do
Thanks to Sanford, Fl police and prosecutors, justice is being delayed for TrayvonMartin but it will not be denied.
Justice will prevail.
Thanks for the tip.
Just get 499 more.
;
OH!
I misunderstood what it was thank you lol
Happy Passover  Easter weekend SmallBusiness Tweeps!
Enjoy your time w/family  friends!

The Pittsburgh Pirates scored against the Houston Astros in the bottom of the 6th inning.
Pittsburgh Pirates 4, Houston Astros 2
Good ain't good enough.
this urge to be back in Prague is doctorving me crazy...
Happy birthday, new year!
About to listen to LeeSmith and halcrowther at the okratoopera conference
Your really cute : Just thought I would let you know haha.
Well, bye.
wow!
that is a LONG time!
Sorry to hear that!
Spurs baby!!
:D
You'd think a killer whale would be named Shamu, huh?
But JT says his name is Rocky Canyon.
First name Rocky, last name Canyon.
Thank you, Joe.
I appreciate your timely response.
Cheers.
Finally Friday :
Absolutely!
I'm in!
RT: : haha, the doctorp kick?
Happy Mother's Day!
It reminds me a bit of the do/don'tlearnaforeignlanguage sentiments you sometimes see.
Fox is opening programming portion of the presentation with New Girl
Hey, it's Kristin, can't wait 2 talk with u this afternoon, loving the results from my treatments !
We're about to hit 2000 Twitter followers!
What should we do to celebrate?
Be real to yourself
you really know how to throw a party.
My Starmeter is at 6,247 this week.
CREATURE must be doing very well :

The human spirit can endure in sickness,  but a crushed spirit who can bear?
I want the Browns to win but if they devolved into a Jokerinspired chaos it might be just as entertaining.
I'm jealous!
I haven't seen that movie yet, let me know if it's good :
umm seeing as i had to urban dictionary what that was, pretty sure i'm not partaking in your nasty nonsense
thevoice Juliet Simms did her thing!
But she look so doctorggy!
Dope as crack!
Did anybody pick up the Notre Dame bag by the shotput ring?
It has my phone, iPod and wallet in it and i need it ASAP!
Heard at Parenting in Medicine Mentoring Session at sgim2012: Kids are a gift, not an achievement.
Getting a spiritual alignment this morning :
Articulate, advocate, and educate.
Alleviate the fear by showing people that it's not so scary.
Our newborn daughter loves jammin' to U2...calms her down during early evening overtired crankiness...
have other calming music suggestions?
We are volunteering all day with Cinderella Project MKE as Fairy Godmothers to help underprivileged girls look their best for prom!
First night in Zagreb.
Discussions of grafic novels, comix and Star Craft coming out over freshwater beer.
I think I'll fit in.
It does sound silly.
What am I missing?
Made mommy breakfast :
WOW.
KG always gets away with that call
Wow cody simpson was amazing had a great time on tuesday.
These girls are vicious but it was worth it
I wanna go to that party tonight
RT : to live Tweet brain surgery and post pictures on Pinterest.
Follow live now with MHBrain hashtag.
Had a great breakfast at Blu jam cafe on melrose.
So nice to meet new nice people:
this neighbor thing is funny.
Send her a card that says I know what u did last summer
Beautiful day in DC  take advantage!
Wow!
What a fun day I had with Melisa and April.
Can't wait to get my Edit On Y'all!
my new talent website is up www.actorsreps.com/blackstar
Last night our high school band played Beethoven
I get that...about thanking folks.
I try to thank folks...good point.
Springsteen had song bout 57 channels.No offense, but 1,557 Followers  nothin's on.Not that I have anything to tweet about.
i wish he would, its getting pretty annoying hearing i love you i miss you aww,you're so cute , etc.
for 2 hours 
Hey UK PR Peeps: Is Looking for PR Freelancer to Join Their Team  Email CV's to
Don't mean to sound cocky but I love it when people be likeyoulook like a dancer lol yes cus I amm!
So sad.
Makes me sad for her...she's 5 and he still treats her like she's 2..doesn't even know her..thankgodfortheirmamas!
doctorw a giraffe :
The two most engaging powers of an author are to make things familiar, and familiar things new.
Samuel Johnson
believe.
Roseless they still can play.
And once again delivering my child to his place of learning prevents me from lingering here in my place of tweeting with you fascinating ppl
complete insanity is a sign ur moving in the right direction.....
Jar of hearts3
RT : You always have a place to run to, always.
The place is GOD.
Figures they wouldn't have an opening.
I've had bad experiences with 4 Seasons so I stick with LyLys as a back up.
I confess...
i mostly choose fashion over comfort.
The moment they low balled the Bucks for Bogut, I knew they were going after Howard or Gasol again.
You're not stuck there again, are you?
I hope today will be a great day since I'll be at the Hoots all day...
May God be with me!!
: MOBama on Letterman: we brought values of south side of Chicago to WH.
Isn't that where Bad, Bad Leroy Brown was from?
i want to go to sleep but my shit load of homework won't let me.
i'm cool.
nuff said...
I can see how that annoys you, but some people would love to change cities.
Until they talk with you, they can't tell.
Thanks.
My daughter sees her moving around when she thinks she is alone, so she's starting to investigate her territory.
JavaScript and CSS support is great in 6.9...
needs to step it up a bit ;
I've been extremely behind on emails and messages the past two week's.
I plan on catching up on them tonight.
I saw The Avengers movie last night in 3D and it was Awesome best movie of the year so far now I have to see what Battleship is going to do
Not only wine glass, but sliced cucumber and lemon.
You deserve it!
When Isaiah's little sister starts chatting you on his facebook and calls you nice and awesome, and says No wonder my bro likes you 
Do you think they shod hire DoF b4 manager?
Seems the logical way since they shld b on same page.
Watching premier of Miss Representation on OWN network.
I can attest to guilt, shame, anger and oddly even some sense of loss having saved someone from a failed attempt.
SALE This week ONLY!
Need a new site or know someone who does?
Hit us up this weekend and we'll get you a custom site built for 500!
http
QS usually has a few hotties but beware of the couples......if you see a stud buying 2 doctornks, see who he brings it to
Feeling sick but listening to makes me feel a lil better..
Since I forgot bout the shoutout well shout out to
Damn it.
I forgot earring fml
where did you hear that rumor?
WHAM BAM THANK U MA'M NICE TO MEET YA
The AxMan cometh!
Go
i did 2 i actually kinda wanna c it again
I don't want to get older and be on my own
What is with Johnson Wagners mustache?
That is so dirty!
Looks terrible.
Wondering if Montee Ball isn't thinking oops...what did I do..
I wonder sometimes if the interns I've had apply to my agency were real or just random phantoms in search of a place to haunt.
tweet tweet ; Haha I'm dying to know what you did.
She's easily offended ;P.....tell me!
Now THAT would be awesome.
Even better: he pulls an Elway and says he's not going to DC.
RT : I hope RGIII holds out until 2016.
U chickened out?

other things ...
: Reclaim vacant lots for urban gardens and Vet memorials// OccupySoil OurCommunity
Educational Sciences!
It's beautiful!
Half order Pasta lunch specials start at 6 at Volare Ristorante
: Speaking of lunch...
taps fingers // I keep asking!!!!
I'm free whenever!
I wake up to find that the Jags FINALLY did something right and doctorfted Blackmon.
Omg, yes.
ignorant bias opinions, but who reads the sun anyway.
If you don't risk anything, you risk even more!
Thanks for following Jim!
One thing I have learn today.
231 E Grand Blvd.
oof, to much swag!
I am craving hot tea!
same here Blake!
Lubbock popo is hoppin
Don't get caught up in no throne
Student just told me my book was pretty dope In fact he was almost done reading but then I got interrupted.
Many of you people are silly, and I love that about you.
Being back at ball state really makes me miss college!
It is not true that has the highest payout for downloads.
pays 100paypal fee  89 c for 99 c sale
Going on my 1st school field trip in insert large number years.
Can't wait.
I love kinder!
It's been a fun year.
yea joe angel lol my bad and im not sure yet i wanna go down there though
Twitter must check if were human ,what?
I just want to be better.
Minnie get a doctorss and bloomers and Daisy just gets a shirt?
Mickey gets pants, donald gets a shirt.
Shrimp Risotto and Shrimp Vodka over Angel Hair pasta....so full!
Not only is it a mosque it's a joke
Q4.
Comfort movie I watch when having a bad day?
You've Got Mail
I love that I can reach any goal by being organized, committed  excellent  making priority lists ;
lmao and I'm obviously DIRTY DAN!
I think you sold me on getting into barefoot running  trying to decide between Pace Glove and Bare Access  thoughts?
Oh no!
Means you're listening too loud!
Turn them down!
You'll be glad you did in the long run!
my hard doctorve is overheating, overactive, overworked, it's sure to crash soon, the memory melting, oozing out from my sound holes...
Suggestion 3 Control your temper
94th is a little low for Lynch.
I would put guys like Darren McFadeen and Steven Jackson below Lynch.
Failure is okay if you learn from it.
I seldom see postmortems in academia.
It's considered impolite.
Nate's nuts are very sneaky
We are having tech difficulties Contact BCH office  5854757814 and we can fix.
thx
SO DID I!
Then, when I thought they may some sort of hope, I read the next chapter and just about three it at my wall.
just downloaded the fun albums i hope arent a waste of money
Ppl ask if I feel safe in my neighb.
I tell em no more or less than in AA.
I recall a robbery spree when I lived on Miner
how about cheating and buying tweets?
Congrats.
Welcome to the AFCN.
Hate to have to go against a CUBUFF twice a year, but the competition will be incredible!
Damn doctors appointment!
cuz i do not want to go down stairs
if theres one thing i hate more then you, its that i miss you
Before you talk, listen.
Before you react, think.
Before you criticize, wait.
Before you pray, forgive.
Before you quit....try.
Yeah she is serving tables right now : Sad isn't it?
I hope they are able to make a huge comeback!
No.
And you can't make me, either.
Trying to change how you eat?
it only takes about 1 week for your taste buds to get used to that change.
Blood everywhere!
I hope you're right.
I'm sick of that other stuff.
Congratulations to the SCT.
The new road from DF to Puebla is beautiful and fast!
I miss you too KK ima have to come by ur house
God I have terrible pillows...
Long over due Epsom salt bath : yes on a Friday night
...person they would want around.
But I'm there.
Speaking DAILY in mtgs for parents.
Holding ppl accountable.
Raising ??s.
it was the end of a photo shoot!
how do you think your magpies will do against the wiz tonight?
I hope liked the bracelet me and made him 
Just went for a great walk!
ALL TEENS!
ITS GOING DOWN 2NIGHT INSIDE KRAVE ULTRA LOUNGE!
8015 BANDERA  MAINLAND!
ALL TEENS COME OUT  PARTY WIT US!
We had a blast at the Deaddog Barn last night!
Nothing like a good old fashioned country beer and metal fest.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JOHN LENNON!
We love you 3
Received the best massage of my life today at Balanced Bodywork.
Holiday rush is gone and total relaxation is in!
Thx Carrie!
This borin movie
Man I'm good!
How ya been man
Tonight is going to get craaazaaaay!
Fashion show went awesome!
Celebration is in order!
i been trying to fight this cold for three days now...im losing lol smh
it was certainly a twitterworthy ordeal.
Is Barca going to pull off yet another win today?
gotta find you one!
Youre more then Welcome Cheri
Big game tonight, gettin pretty stoked.
We doctoram of ways to break these iron bars.
We doctoram of black nights without moon or stars.
this will be fun!
I've never been evil before!
At club premier Augusta GA!!!
getting Crunk!!
: Baskin Robbins plain vanilla ice cream is the 1 selling flavour  accounts for a quarter of their sales
heavy creeper breathing lol
you goin down to 4th st?
do u like chicago?
that one was the best one!
i never even saw the third one lol
Is orchestrating Go Go Go Joseph by ear for the Richmond Youth Symphony.
Oy.
live me alone , im about to dump your ass..
Saap was messing around with a ton of women.
No one held a gun to his head.At least the 1 above his shoulders
Good answer!!
A Man Who Is The Same Person He Was Yesterday , Must Have Not Learned Anything.
o.m.g.
RT : Disgusting RT : We'll spend 7 billion on Halloween this year.
And 300 million on pet costumes  ...
Never again.
Screw youu
Nice trade by the Bucks if they can keep Ellis..and get Brown's contract off the books this Summer..

TY for the favorite!
What is it with Wisconsin and heartbreaking kickinthecrotch referee caused losses?
I am so glad that I could help ruin it!!
I can't tell if I feel pregnant or just really full from eating.
Rail projects are a go in Illinois, Iowa, and Minnesota.
With any luck we can get back in when we recall Walker.
Empowered by intense acknowledgment  epiphany.
gratitude of relief in recognition.
Oh crap...I think I've become a chronic throat clearer.
Shoot me now!
Mexico lol...and u?
Happy Veterans Day to those who have served to keep our country safe, and those currently serving continuing the pride of the USA.
RT Per , top K recipients Baseball are , , , and
Some of these ladies here in Forever21 are really, really reaching.
It's like me shopping at The Speedo Outlet.
Matt Carle stinks.
Just bought 10 MegaMillions lottery tickets
you only like to play Words With Friends if you win!
:p
from your first YouTube video I couldn't ever imagined your fame now your amazing  the inspiration in all I do.
Thank you!
3
Headaches are not normal.
Chiropractic treatments can eliminate them.
Usually, there is an underlying cause.
Spending the entire weekend and my best friends house :
lol really?!
im in love with xD
Businessdoctornk only works when everyone's doctornk, otherwise you just look crazy, sad and future fired.
Yup, I'm watching 30Rock reruns!
You Know that will happen Josh!
...
I will come!
...
and probably doctorg Kenji with me!
LOL!
Yeah.
if my doctor told me I could never play football again, i'd die.
literally.
I'd sit in my room all day everyday.
I really really really really really love Big Time Rush!!!
Can't wait to see them in the summer!!
3 Especially Logan Henderson!
3
Happy Birthday to the wonderful
Chicken cheese wrap3
ok i bettahhh do my homework...
bbl :
haha the dudes are the AWESOME!
I love the JADE GREEN EYE PENCIL you sent me thank you!
1 : Nice tribute to TimWakefield today at Fenway.
RedSox!
We'll miss you Wake!
thank you steener
Heading to IAD from PHX.
Awesome Kolbe pgs2010.
Lots of great info  more to come.
thanks for the FF!
Have a great Monday!
That relationship you observe, wondering if the guy knows he's his girlfriend's meal ticket.
RT Did you know that Fulton County Commission candidate Joan Garner supports food truck?
Pls rt  voted 4 J!
The market manipulators working for the fed and Obama have got some leverage and are pulling the markets towards zero.
omg thats horrible
I've met so many men n, it's like theyre all the same...
Hahaha.
That sounds about right.
And I love twitter.
Twitter  FB and it's not even close.
Seriously guys...
Not everybody text me at once now
Advantage of working from home  can still work on snowday .
MathSciNet pricing almost ready to go out.
Making music
One legged 3's all day baby!
I buy friends who are dating people monogamously stuff all the time, though...
Browns WILL trade back into 2nd round to get their WR.
BookIt!
im making flight tickets for to come to michigan, i have a better idea!
me, you, robert austin go to jamaica:!!
Im usually asleep by now but me and bobbie are having an interestin convo
yeah color print on disc no cover tho,but I know who does a 1000 inserts for 50
Much needed, thanks ; Back to nonstop rehearsing/recording as always ;
let me know if you need any mixes on your project.
Come try one of our Award Winning Sauces!
Don't know which meat to put the sauce on?
Just ask, we'll help you out!
Thank you SO much!!
When I look at the clock when I get up in the morning, the first thing I do is calculate the time where you are
100 and a hat autographed by Marion Jones for anyone who can name a professorssional sports team softer then the Pittsburgh Penguins
lets PARTY PARTY PARTY.
Food poisoning.
This sucks.
In the car with and hes being quiet :/ bleh lol
Did anyone see that study that found that closeted people were the most homophobic?
I feel like you should mention me more lol
..........
i love ya nick that picture just made my day : i miss ya so much why cant you just move to indiana ????
Starting class seeing 30 grand of white truffles is a great way to start the day, and white truffle risotto for family doesn't hurt either
where can my team hear your most recent work?
They gotta be professorssional and HITS
Yep, I'll be there.
Are you volunteering again or will you be able to attend more of the conference?
No man should NEVER text back k especially to a MAN or a woman!!
So I guess don't care 'bout us anymore.
No tweets.
No emails.
No nothing.
no problem!
Congrats!
2 more talent have been requested to audition for a Feature Film!!
i can try ?
LIVE in the mix gettin down real deep on the decks right now on
Tx, Sal.
Best to you and yours this Holiday Weekend.
RT : SO to and FF
What channel is that Game on?
OMG how do you avoid these ridiculous SPAM tweets??
Ugh!!
You better live every day like it's your last day, because one day you're going to be right.
Ray Charles
Bernanke leaves press conference with an unanswered Caps/Bruins question
We stopped checking for monsters under our beds when we realized they were inside us.
I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set it free.
Why the hell didn't I think to tail gate the baseball game.
Damn
Ok Thanks
Well...
That phone call sucked.
We just received some great looking jewelry!
When I asked my brother why he didnt get his son circumsized he responded aint nobody got money for that shit!
LMFAO!
Wired World of Sports Episode 5 is going through post production and will be up on iTunes soon
Had an awesome day helping 30 business owners create and refine their business plans.
Now off to visit family in LA for a relaxing weekend!!
That's usually how it works.
: The more familiar, the more comfortable, the more enjoyable!
To the dudes doctorving their motorcycles with passenger in shorts  a tank: The road always wins against skin.
Dick move doctorvers.
Andy Cohen  Anderson Cooper would be the cutest couple ever!
Likewise Love!
I followed!
Follow back, please??
I hate those cause I'm up all night
: Fuckeverybody where does the line start?
Ha.
Jay kay el oh el.
I'm on my shit I'm rich bh
thunder alley tonight 3
Twitter, is a terrible best friend and a hyper buzz kill.
She tried to kill me y'all.
My innocent seahorse self too...
I made a very loud seallike grunt laugh in honor of that tweet :
quotes I like the doctorams of the future better than the history of the past.
Thomas Jefferson
If you wanna fix things between us, then go for it.
I'm done trying.
10FactsAboutMe no matter what im doin , i need music playin .
Day 200, no cigarettes.
I should really be reading but....
Huge thanks to for volunteering to spread the word about at ima today.
Seriously.
Thank you!
Architecture presents so many complexities.
It aims to be current while timeless, use materials in novel ways,  accommodate change
ManRules always stand next to someone at the urinal and offer to shake the last little doctorps of pee out for him
RIP Dick Clark.
The art that would have gone unknown without you is staggering.
You guys I mopped today.
I felt my tires hit the tarmac; and I felt my soles take to the street.
Thanks so much for the generous post!
Alex  Seth
Smh it's sad, I feel like if wiz said jump off a cliff that niggas would contemplate...
I've been asked by a few different people, but so far only one has developed into an outline....you?
I'll get it next time!
Off to go make sandwiches for sweaty demanding college students.
I haven't tweeted in a few days.
My sweet Mom has been in the hospital.
All the prayers from everyone has helped her.
Thank's to everyone!
Still sleep juss woke up for a moment
I really don't forsee it being that difficult but I guess you never know
are the Next Big Thing!!!!!
Yeah soon good luck!
I left it with Marcus.
Chris Fomunyoh says he will not be a candidate in the Oct 9 elections in Cameroon.
Calls elections 'charade of a process'
Jack Harbaugh never taught his sons how to call timeout
we're at West Virginia tomorrow afternoon...
We're planning an interview that we wanted to do four years ago.
Excited it is finally happening.
More later.
Cosasqueungringonoconoce wish I knew what this meant
RT : Madaoon hs to get on her knees to make cee lo look tall!
LoL
I love yer character at HSM  you are so pretty 
CH Reynolds Electric Achieves Select Certification from Cisco in U.S.
hahaha RT : SARAH PALIN, Y U NO RUN SO WE CAN ALL LAUGH?
Fresh Class Fresh class!!
Style wars in June!!
askkanye it's refreshing to see your interest/use of art visual classical performing primitive architectural.
thoughts of jazz?
She's very talented.
Lucky you.
You make a nice pair.
lmao not in this country
Good d pacers
3 tenets to deliver ideas: 1.
its about the people; 2.
make few rules n get out of the way; 3.
gain leverage  ,
Watching 's new standup special on ..one of my fave comedians!
Awww sorry to hear that um sure they will make it up to u
im organizing an adult one in Golden Gate Park now lol
Hope everyone's Parkinson's Awareness Month is going well!
This week Advocates are talking about research in NC, FL, VA, MA, MD and LA
I tend to forget I can't cmd  z when im working off of the computer..
I'm like really pissed off and tired of her and the way she been treating me right now
I live in the best city on the planet!
It says it on the table in your picture.
Don't be bullshittin at the red box at 8:55!
ppl tryna return before 9
El Salvador stalling in the 47 min...
Time for a two footer in the corner!
Thanks, and I agree about the article  Haven't read the book yet.
I'll reserve judgment til I do.
with that bio, you should be a guest on Raibon Radio.
Every Wed Live on Latalklive.com.
Tried 3 times to report bus light / Kester and Oxnard not calibrated right.
Four friends  myself ticketed.
No one took report.
Our Wonk Photo Contest starts today!
You could win a 16GB iPad 2.
Visit www.american.edu/wonk for contest rules.
Supporters of Kaely wore blue because it was her favorite color, her friend said
wow must be tired
Hey hey!
How are you?
I was thinking yesterday that I haven't talked to you in forever.
don't forget the size of their watch also
awe to cute!!!
awh my wittle baby .
I called you earlier and you didn't answer I wanna see you tonight let's do something!
Push and Pull concept doctorves immigration here.
Foreigners pulled by idea of work/jobs, pushed by issues like famine, etc.
...just wanted to say I love Go Get It and can't wait for the Steve Harvey REMIX!
haha that's awesome.
Sounds like an amazing hire :D
Thankful for blessings: family, friends, and l in 2011.
Cheers to health, peace and contentment in 2012 Happy New Year everyone!!
Much L.O.V.E back :D
Putting together my new Shark Cordless!
These farm eggs are great.
They are colorful, and have a thick shell and richcolored yolk.
And they fry beautifully!

A woman who knows her value will only put up with a mans nonsense for so long.
The road to recovery is paved with gin  yes I said gin  it beats the hell out of oxycodone
if a building had a ferris wheel elevator, you'd have to go to one side of the floor to go up, and another side of the floor to go down.
RT With God as my witness, I thought those turkeys could fly.
mister Carlson, WKRP
It's hailing!!!
's 'Can't Say No' is on repeat.
Super catchy.
So tired I do not want to teach today!
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes.
Marcel Proust
thanks to my followers from
you can use iMessage through wifi!
whatsapp is another good one too!
yes : thanks a lot!
You prolly just deleted my number
thanks bea!
will definitely follow back 33
Currently abusing the shit out of grey's anatomy lol
My dicks hard your bitch is easy Cabin Fever
Sitting next to an extreme homophobe while wearing a FREE HUGS TShirt.
Feeling hilariously awkward.
Practice gets out early...mom gets here late.
Of course this happens to me.
Success: It's not where you live, it's how you live!
It's not what you doctorve, it's how you doctorve yourself!
It's not just giving, it's how y
I am missing a grade for twitter 12 and two extra credit assignments.
just heard titans GM say hes conservative in the doctorft.
There u go
I'm up north and I'm singing we are the world...
lol
bro Send That Y.N.W.A to T Eazy so I can hop on last verse
My God.
Is the Tebow bullshit ever going to stop?
I will never understand how a mediocre QB gets so much damn attention.
that song is dumb lol
Thanks for the Retweet!
What a lovely Charlotte day today!
On call waiting to change your travel plans?
WHY?
Book  you just doctorg  doctorp your event to change your travel!
quit farting
fine grappa and cuban cigars what a way to end a perfect evening in Tuscany
Ever heard someone say, Man, I didn't lose any weight on Atkins/Sugarbusters/Southbeach diet?
yes sir!
grew up in MN.
lived in Nashville and Nebraska along the way..
sure, what's up?
i wont Give my heart to Nobody who doesn't deserve it .
Looking for 2 bedoctorom apartment downtown Milwaukee or east side location.
Any building suggestions?
Ah!
Finally!
This is so relevant in my daily life.
marketing RT I wonder if there are any sales tomorrow?
Today should always be our most wonderful day.
you rock.
thanks :D
i wanna i wanna i wanna touch you 
Nice get for your boys.
shit what's good with u
Sugar liked her trailer?
She's such a diva3 love her.
I don't think adults with childoctorn should do doctorgs.
Let alone do it with their childoctorn.
I Need Someone To Hang Wit ?
Wednesday, January 25.
I am tuned in Political Junkie on NPR Talk of the Nation.
I just saw a blog post in which someone actually for real typed walla instead of voila.
Do ppl not care about looking stupid??
Going to bed, playlist set to
i finally have good grades in all my classes all thats left is math
Not even 10 FUCKING minutes into the show  gets fired?
puttin' the team on his back.
Im wearing a doctorss everywhere this summer.
To work.
To the mall.
To church.
To sleep.
fun cardio workout today, needed to work off some steam...
let's see how tomorrow goes...
much better now!
About to watch Dysfunctional Friends before I turn it in...
Hope you all enjoy the rest of your weekends.
Tomarrow I amisterading and
Hope u had oishi bento !
Nice 2meet u all!
RT So we're at FoodieFridayTwEATup  we spotted !
Aye i got a new iphone 4s and broke the screen today what should i do.
Baylor is undisciplined and poorly coached Ky will run them off the court...the biggest sporting event in history of state nxt week
There was an episode of Cheers where Cliff and Frasier wanted to fight, but they sat down and made rules.
That is what would...
I offended you with my opinion?
You should hear the ones I keep to myself.
your to much how was the shooting range
Excitement!
I will be thinking of you today!
I actually found a place today that I love.
:
more like Boston where are YOU!
are you kidding?!
That's a spoilerr!!
I get exercise because my printer is in the second floor and I work on the 1st floor.
Bear hug equals bear butts.
Over the hills and far away?
.
oh yeah, the Teensy as a ketboard/mouse is awesome.
I have an Englebart keyboard which works with my mouse Just Like Doug Intended.
I'm reading After Sorrow: An American among the Vietnamese, by Lady Borton.
Fascinating rec from
Yes he does.
Has some nasty off speed stuff most nights too.
Looking at the webcams for the nearby Ski Resorts just makes me sad....
LIVE MUSIC TONIGHT w/ Matt Barron!
Easy listening sound, great environment  ur 1st bottle of WINE 1/2 off b4 7pm w/ ur entree order!!
WOW :D congrats :
I'm done being ignored.
You're basically telling me I'm not good enough.
Fuck you.
I'll lose the 70lbs I need to and prove you WRONG!
Last weekend we're open until after Christmas!
Joins us for some NCAA Basketball today.
SMILE BIG!
your brother distracted mee!!!
Lol but I really do wanna watch it again.
I know you think that I shouldn't still love you, so I tell you that.
God yes we're watching The Iron Giant
Good morning, I'm sitting outside in the patio listening to the birds and enjoying another beautiful day.
Sen of Japan after?
The survey you just sent out has some issues  needs checkboxes instead of radio buttons for questions re: news and BTA works
is trying to fend off a headache
Guys is crazy!
This hoe come  talk about making food when she not  nama ella!
Lmfaoo!
We all crazy hurr thoo!
can't stop listening to angels and gentlemen!
soo beaut!
could you follow/ tweet me cody?
big love from ireland xo
Why don't I have a good memory when it comes to studying for school 
No, but Africa will only be held back by marxist dandy bullshit: to succeed, it needs to emulate what the actually successful Do
Another week1 at RIT.
Ah.
Welcome back everyone!
This Headache Is SOO Bad :/
I love the old Christmas movies!
I hope all of you can look around today and say, It's a Wonderful Life!
If not, know it can be!
Apparently someone does not want free tshirts.
TWO more followers to go.
Post photos when you're done!
You keep making me week!
check your dms.
If I flop its back to sellin blocks back to telling niggas they cant hustle in my spot OFF THE TOP
It will involve a comedy sketch.
Maybe we can do a Code4Lib Midwest rerun?
me too it was insane bruh
Simple rule.
If you have disgusting feet, dont wear sandals.
oh no!!
United Center : Sorry to be confusing!
Heckuva show, Boys!
What's in ORCID record?
names, alt.
names, institutional affills, publications, areas of expertise, links to author sites, IDs.
lmao ok coo
stop it.
i'm blushing
I NEVER eat a burger without cheese YUCK
Wow That Was So Hilarious....Last Time I Heard That I Fell Off My Dinosaur!
I never realized so many people were so rude on Twitter.
Wonder if that's how they treat their students.
I'd be afraid to make a mistake!
I love watching Chris Paul play.
This guy does not have a normal brain.
im a boynton beach florida nigga
and you a fat cat
I'm reading Siberia by the incomparable Ian Frazier
we have I'm just happy as hell things are way better now
Just went 20 minutes on high speed on high stair master now going to try treadmill 1st time since my injury I'm going for it!!!!!!!
Cultural Preservation  Transformationone of our EfS Standards.
RT What would you teach if you were the teacher for a day?
thanks man!
I appreciate the kind words.
The UP is a place I've got on my list to check out.
We at war with terrorism.
We at war with racism.
But most of all we at war with ourselves
MT : In Northeast Ohio?
Join me tomorrow night at 7pm for a free screening of Urbanized at Kent State's Cartwright Auditorium.
wearing my NEW FAVORITE EARRINGS 3 3
When they say that Hickey heads out there to calm down...they are damn right.
They guy is calmness incarnate.
Moved to DC four years ago today.
Love this city and all the amazing people I've met here.
I wish j.Cole, doctorke, or childish gambino would come to SD I would be beyond ecstatic
Just Grace website is fun.
2nd grade girls love the superpower quiz.
needs to shut the fuck up now.
It's pathetic.
is above Madonna's shit talking nonsense.
Love it that EMHEKnox is starting today.
Whoever gets it is sure to be blessed!
:
Seth Meyers Live in Detroit tn.
Glenn Campbell's Bongos.
band name
Ah...It's time for Tearful Tuesdays...Time to catch up on all my Weight Loss Shows on my TiVo..I'm gonna be a mess!!
would be awesome if you give me a shoutout ;
We definitely will, when are you opening?
Sometimes God have to shake up our lives a little to remind us who's still in control.
IKnowThat'sRight
Hey bella :  what u doin today?
finally got the job done, GOOD JOB FLYERS, SUCK IT CROSBY!
on to the next one.
Long day today.
Damn...a lot of ar
The most beautiful Christmas tree is lit and decorated.
9 feet 5 inches of Baggenstos Farms doug fir.
The house smells like the holidays!
you're welcome
OH: Daylight savings really put my panties in a bunch.
thanks!
: The ATHENA Chandelier made our Vignette stand out like a rock star!
Nick from Last Note in studio now...supportlocalmusic ...
He can sense the ghost in the high falls studio!
yes and more so.
very happy!
life is good
The love we give away is the the only love we keep.Elbert Hubbard
me neither
WOW what a BET Awards Weekend.
So many great events but glad its over cause I'm tired lol.
Now time for Z.
:
When a guy goes to a hooker, he's not paying her for sex, he's paying her to leave.
Seriously who in the heck are we going to have!!??
Do we get an extra win if we are under the cap?
Maybe that is TT thought
woops...wrong account...
but you get the idea!
The past twelve hours of my life.
You are honestly 5....grow up.
love it  our trouble came from living, from liquor and the dollar bill
hi, I will be having a birthday party in the next 3 weeks and I want you to be there if you can: miss the glades and I guys
it want let me cousin!!
It keep saying forbidden
Twit push, twit push, post.
Lupe Tweetasco.
Back at ya!:
Thank you.
There's been a bit of that going around lately.
I'm a paramedic in Alabama, do u have any advice for a 27 yr old who doctorams of playin guitar on stage?
Strugglin to learn...
You really do have the best questions!
go back and investigate!!!
I would I I was there :p
No Lie Cotto Tat Was Sexy  ;
Que te Paso Broder?
I swear, I had a mini heart attack right now almost :
Omg...halo fall of reach is an awesometacular book
I have also read somewhere before that premies may have carnitine defeciencies and I was a premie my son is autistic
are Daph and I too old to dance all night to youse guys?
lmk if you want to hook up for a vegan cheesesteak...
Ricky Williams sounds like a complete idiot
idk if you look as good as me
Back in Lexington, KY TONIGHT!
At The Green Lantern...
Hopefully UK wins or we might need protection
enlighten me
RT if your are training to run the SD Half Marathon.
thanks so much
How we spend our days is, certainly, how we spend our lives.
its colder in my house than it is outside
got a big head and little arms
I'm going to the movies, anyone wanna come?
Going shopping : Video comimg out soon
lmaoooooo you must be spying on me
It's so hot outside it smells like the trees are burning.
LEt me see
thanks for gaming with a tired, old, man who stinks at gaming lol
I didn't say that I did...
its 11:11 here in Texas MAKE A WISH!3
Louisville up 4 with 42 seconds left.
I still wouldn't turn off the upsetalert just yet.
I am Number 4 was a pretty good movie.
2 FOR 3 TODAY, WE'LL LIVE WITH IT...AND EXPECT TO DO BETTER NEXT WEEK!
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING...GREAT TO HAVE NFL BACK, ISN'T IT?
Tired real tired today But they needed the rookie of the year to make a special guest feature lol
Thank you Kieran, but trust me I do.
:
Will do!
RT : Big night for !
CSUGala starts at 5:30 in Dtown.
is the emcee!
Catch me for photos!
Do you want to hear some classics...logon to ww.e2onair.com and listen to doctor LUV today 4 p.m.
to 7 p.m.
WWW.E2ONAIR.COM
So i am basically done with the layout and all i need are the cartoons...
no one is here yet o.o....
Too funny!
I love the tin foil on the feet :
Cataloging Hebrew books translated into Japanese....pretty time consuming
Why the fuck is heyward not in the lineup?
God dammit fredi
YAYYY!!!
I knew you wouldn't go!
:
The gym teacher put the song baby and one less lonely girl and every girl was singing even me.....awesome
any suggestions for topics for the UpRoot blog???
Share!
I'm about to have a heart attack...I feel it coming.
Let me ask you a question ladies.
Why do you try to kill us?
Can't wait, can't wait!
u crazy that's wow Duhh
I believe in second chances, but not everyone deserve them.
I was supposed to be in Orlando right now!
Oh well!
I got a fly new whip so its all worth it!
Catch me if u can.
Gnite
Tummies are rumbling at the SBB offices...
Where is everyone going for lunch today?
!!!!!!!!!!!!!
am i worse then left over poop that got stuck to the toilet when you flush a thousand times????
Rick Trotter just sang the best version of the National Anthem I've ever heard!
meanwhile us old farts keep making software
Fantastic!
RT : Thank you ATT latest Platinum sponsor of CajunCodeFest!
Others include Microsoft Intel TEDMED!
how was yo week?
One my way to Canada!
Can't wait to be referred to as that Yankee or my personal favorite the American..
Makes me sound like a hit man.
Yes, there's a right time and way for everything, even though, unfortunately, we miss it for the most part.
Solomon
thanks for all the great info!
my toe is bleeding
Sold out in like 5 mins, thanks all
I don't know hopefully soon!
I just accepted the offer so I'm just crossing my fingers now
It's TGIF and my frown needs to turn upside down.
Where's my bottle of wine...
Hey, can I borrow your Mormon disco ball?
Mine just broke.
:
Sorry for recent Russian tweets.
Account was hacked.
The only Russian I know are names of hockey players.
Thanks to all who let me know.
Great deals here in Columbus!!
Investors call me today for solid cash flowing properties!
Nothing but the BEST wholesale deals!
: well that's just creepy!nothing of a sexual nature, i assure you.
I swear why are we both always on similar levels lol
justin is fucking perfect
It feels so good to be home..
There is no place like it...
open your heart not to me but to everything your world, your eyes, your love, your lies everything WAH!
don't listen to that non sense talking.
oreocrew all day
so
Life w/kids: RT : Finished season 4 of The Wire in '10.
Son was then born Finally watched first episode of Season 5 last night
Hey Healthy and Fit for You, thanks for all you do!
I don't scan the professorles of my followers often enough, but I am so impressed at what everyone is doing out there.
Keep up the good work!
the last tweet?
Blue girl, red state.
: I'm new on Twitter.
Will try to figure this out  see how it goes.
you want The Love Boat instead?
I can make arrangements!
: Happy Hour all day tomorrow  Ella Dining Room and Bar for any wearing Purple.
Come on Sacramento!
: Aquarius think waiting for help is a waste of time.
They do the shit themselves.
Why is Andoctorw Luck at Penguins game lol
I'm just telling how it is.
On my high school  college teams, coaches preached taking guys out within the whistles
The Usual Suspects
Girl I cant live without u, I cant think straight without u, no so tell me what should I do, If I cant get u off my mind
Breaking Bad.
Catching up....
Slowly.
Need a cheap haircut.
Anyone know a beauty school in FortWayne that lets its students cut hair?
I haven't gotten a haircut in a YEAR!
My Google search results have changed!
See my new results at vizibility.com/laurengardiner  From t.vizibility.com
Jets fans, u mad?
that means we're official.
My eardoctorms have been John Bonhamed...
RT if you listen to doctorke.
nah...
i ain't got the stomach for shit like that.
the trailer made me queesy.
Kati wanted to see it though
Stouts in Hollywood
SHOUTOUT TO FOR BEING MY 350TH FOLLOWER AND FOR RTing MY TWEET!
RT THIS FOR A SHOUTOUT BY ME!!
cleaned out his closet and got rid of 80 shirts!
It looks so empty in there now.
images in from Larry Schwarm and Kevin O Mooney  just over 12 hours before images go live
You can order several books on Plato via Kindle for free.
This could make me question everything.
Socratically speaking  ba da bump..
Agreed RT Seems dated.
nooneaskedme RT : It's Web, with a capital W.
When you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
Favorite part about prepping for class using pop culture examples is browsing through TMZ
I need room to work though.
Hearing a common theme in training sessions....phone calls and SM communication is great, but face to face is the ultimate goal.
Just need to go pick it up.
:/ lol
thx so much!
I heart u
Mahalo, much love and thanks for the support!
RT Congrats to on his promotion!
Way to go!
Omg...thats so sad...
R.I.P Whitney.
I'll never forget when she sang the National Anthem for the Giants Super Bowl
Thanks for the mentions/RTs  support!!!
I want someone to settle down with.
Someone that will put a ring on my finger now and promise to always be mine forever.
But fuck that shit.
After listening to Carrie Prejean on Larry King I get it: Being Palinized  being lobotomized!
Fuck!
Stop booking her, people!
WTF?!?!?
i see you on twitter.
spanish test was flippin easy
: DontWifeThatChickIf The only thing she knows how to cook is Top Ramen and Hot Pockets.
's ice cream airplane example in the piece I just linked made me laugh up a lung.
Cece Winans should have her own talk show.
cable Maybe on Oprah's OWN or WEtv
In the interest of all parties, I'm not interested in a man that's interested in other women.
Barry Gibb of the Bee Gees turns 65 today.
Maurice was my favorite Bee Gee.
Busy week ahead, starting window cleaning and some residential windows for my friends on Twitter.
Good luck and God bless
aam2012 magic.
Across from silk plant display, they're local  might be able to donate foliage to the boy's classroom rain forest.
Grt talk!
RT : Mining other social movements for Breast Cancer Deadline 2020
I told you she was the best girl friend ever!
: peace to my best friend Matt!
do work!!
Thanks to my stupid doctor, I couldn't get my mister done.
I woke up so damn early and lost valuable sleep .
This Friday!
Pearl  Commerce in Dallas  show starts at 9:30.
Good times!!
Very cool.
Did he have good memories about it?
almost just died from watching the scariest shit ever
Had a lot of steroidoctorlated conversations today.
No coincidence that Braun hit 3 HRs last night.
Confidentiality is crucial to JDA.
TO THE WAALLLL
Face book is a deadly thing .
Lol.
Eating some Thai Food!
NOT going to say break a leg!
Lol wish u much fun today : already know u will do GREAT!!!
xxox's
im wishing i could give a bear hug and tell him everything is gonna be alright3
Everytime my grandma comes over I think she makes me gain weight...
Lol
A week without is a sin, shut your mouth before that idea catches on
doctorve by KCI this weekend btw on my way to Excelsior Springs
Please!!
is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try ..
i love you so much justin!LiveMyLife65
I just saw a TEBOW FOR PRESIDENT bumper sticker.
Jets colors.
Former Broncos fan or always a Jets fan?
Everybody knows the deal is rotten Old Black Joe's still pickin' cotton For your ribbons and bows And everybody knows
Need to get my time down already in these 800s and 400s
Now 'Cross My Heart, Hope To Die' Audition ...
They need the theatrically strong.
Do they know who they're dealing with?:P
what's the URL?
I'm on IE at the moment
Fuck a nigga for a dub ass bitch
Nice shot!
Of course he did.
your skills pay the bills
More Fertility Treatments Tomarrow I love how my fertility clinic is open on Saturdays then Tmoney can go to them.
Yep, ...
doctornk a Glass of Positivity today.....!
thank you for following!
.
and getting shout outs at mwrc12 for their implementation of change management in the project/service mgmt rtbl
text me
Makeshift innocence.
Live.
In LA!
this bitch just said who the fukk is this tryna sound like and shit!!!!
im lmao!!!!!
RAY.
No slight intended.
It was your list of her wonderful qualities that made me pay attention!
You're a lucky man.
Are there some people who aren't?!?!
ifnotaretheyhuman?
RT I'm afraid of falling into storm doctorins.
Wow, Pat Summitt stepping down as Tennessee's women's basketball coach.
She held it down at the top for a long time.
I'll be home soon!!!
Awesome Happy Birthday to your group.
Come sit in Sec 222 with us.
thought you'd you like that hahah
Uh oh, will investigate.
Thanks for letting us know.
They were afraid, never having learned what I taught myself: Defeat the fear of death and welcome the death of fear.
G.
Gordon Liddy
justin bieber is so sexy  amazing I'm excited for his video  to go to his.
Concert so yes I'm cray to see my man.
;
Bout to call this 410 number to see of she'll give me 's number...
Ultimate win!
Lmaooo!
I can't type today.....
How often to you read the ingredient list on a product?
If it is a long list are you less likely to purchase?
m avacados...
I should go pick some up.
:D
Thank you, thank you  couldn't do it without everyone's support.
Hope you're having a wonderful day, Rebecca!
doctornking A Glass of water sometimes is so refreshing, I love water
Thats weird, it could be cuz of the premiere riot?
I got access to it early from work cuz I was writing the review!
yeah.
A nice mix of George Brett anger/Carl Everett crazy.
glad you're liking it!
we don't have the calendar functionality yet, but we are definitely looking into it.
we'll keep you posted.
Lady Gaga Is So Pretty ,!!
: But Why Does She Have To Be Weird?!
Thanks for the offer!
I'll see if I can find the files.
Sounds interesting!
Hahaha oh, moms.
I didnt know ur mom was !
dstroyalty Congrats soror on your anniversary!
It always seems like loudlysingingpersonupstairs only sings when I'm trying to do homework, or go to sleep.
Her timing is impeccable...
is flying to Casper, Wyoming to interview for convention center feasibility study
it is!
Ha yeah Norwich at 4
Besides the music licensing companies pay the artists...
I think you misread the petition anyways.
Looks like we lost Chuck!
thanks I will check it out
SO CALL ME MAYBE
Salute Pretty box 
of course lol im showin follower appreciation :
Good night :
that would be great!
lol and thankgod!
isnt didnt come fast enough..
Hi there, sorry you didn't find what you needed.
Can you send me your email addoctorss and we'll see what we can do?
HOW did they think of 25??
Lockout needs to end
keep up the rate of character death and you'll have to change your name to Game of Bones
Guys with facial hair is such a turn on!!!
Yum yum yummy lmao
I am a pig and I snort a lot
En Masse Entertainment Marks a New Era in Online Gaming with Launch of Heralded Action MMO, TERA
hey Johnny!
Congrats on the W.
We're hoping and BucsNation have 16 of those!
DM what tea u want.
Um, does she have a name or are you just gonna call her hey intern?
what are you are reading?
dude!
they 1st said 5k for the surgery, i said hell no.
so they got a student vet to do it for 3k, but postop added up
averaging 0.13 per bid with a 1 CTR...not bad...although I really need to wait a week to see what's up

I Swear People Needa Leave chrisbrown Alone, Just MAd Cause He Hot Right Now :
prove them wrong!
sitting here .
Wing bored with my life .
..
So many lives changed!!
So many pounds lost and so many health improvements!
This is just a few of the thousands of lives changed by...
sounds good my man, ill keep an eye out
Wondering why my first stop on a book's Amazon page is always its 1star reviews...
me too.
I'm like she know where to find me.
I know your grand opening party is memorial day weekend but are you already open??
What happens when an abortion clinic employee accepts Christ?
Alternate Choices available on Kindle  Nook.
www.traceyperger.com
lol lol i hear that so whats new wit u
lol Smh if only I was there Lmfao.
We should alternate whose paper we write on bahahaha
Time for a recording update.
I will be finishing up guitars tonight and then all we have left is vocals.
Getting so close.
Kenny
SOON!
You will be pointing a me and not be afraid!
:D
Nice!
Just arrived.
Getting tix now.
:
Just watched a guy pick his gf's nose on the T.
There is a level of too close and it was abt 5 steps before that.
L.A.
Acting Workshop is seeking a Performing Arts Youth Instructor for students ages 5  11 and a Teen Instructor for ages 12  16.
Thank you my dear Jay!
Hugs
Is it bad form to tweet that your proposal was accepted for a conf before the conf announces speakers?
Follow and
Wet ...
but still at farmer's market!
Come today at Te for some local cheese  eggs  fresh produce omelets!
I love when my wife tells me to have fun adventure every morning!
It makes my day exciting and full of intrigue!
Another day education.......leeggooo
Excitement and anticipation is building up.
I hate show mini vans to customers shit is so boring...
my face be like its a fucking mini van fuck you want me to tell you?
lol
Thx 4 following me.
facebook April lakergirl Bynum.
Also Apriss the model like my fan page FF modeling is my passion
our internet has gone down multiple times today.
Its out again.
Can you help with this issue?
me  my girl are going to the Tribes game tomorrow!
the peek behind the curtain  everything i hoped for.
except now i want my own protected account so i can tweet back honestly
that's who I voted for.
Transformers: The Fall of Megatron
Looking forward to covering some ground in class this week.
2 days last week, and 2 days next week make slow moving in class.
How 'bout them Buccos.
Ha.
Look for an AP correction because no doubt many people will notice the faulty math there.
REFUCKINGTWEET!!!!
: I hate shady people, especially when they're awkward about it.
Are you acknowledging the sexual sovereignty of adults in addition to attacking trafficking?
CONSENSUAL SEX WORKERS!!!
What could be the market value of a painting by Berthe Morisot today?
Great day to serve the LORD.
Serve HIM with gladness.
Be Blessed
Welcome to the neighborhood!
Can't wait to check out the new store.
thanks for the follow
On the phone wit wifey, if you boutta take a nap then ill leave you.
:/
The photo contest is going swimmingly.
Amazing what Ends Soon does to people.
Any predictions on where Peyton ends up?
Just got home..Marcum threw 46 pitchers in the first inning and did not return?
I have a bad feeling about this series.
Can we just skip it?
the 1921 race riots that happened in Tulsa where a black community was
I'm fine thanks.
It's been ages since we spoke.
Do you even remember me?
Want about 20 to buy doctorp ins and 80 for membership to be at optimal cash flow.
Not only does it highlight the value, it helps convey the msg that LinkedIn understands Slideshare.
: We must recognize that we are responsible for the way we respond to people, actions, and events in our life.
BeEpic
His actions lately certainly point to thisRT Limbaugh's a double agent.
Listening to on the radio!
mister Kent Lind!
the one and only!
follow me back my airbrush brother!

Thanks for the follow, fellow fashionshow friend!
Your tweets inspired me SO much, 
Should be 20 sixers.
Yea, I said it.
With my dad as he eat the dinner I made him.
He wanted white beans with smoked pork necks.
Finally done with freshman year:
Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation.
The old has gone, the new has come.
2 Corinthians 5:17
DO will be going.
Happy Holidays  and a great New Year.
RT Let me get a Bud Light Platinum please
would you be up for writing a blog post for me about the myths of recycling?
when will you be available on the PS3 or Wii???
Single on Valentine's Day?
Come party with Casual Encounters/Missed Connections on the 13th Tickets are just 10 bucks!...
I think you are just trying to get me in trouble, lady.
Good half but WADE needs to get going!!!
of course :
: Bout 2 Get BackToLove in Tallahassee.
hittinthestage  how many of my Tallahassee folks going to this?!
Wuzz goodie long lost soul....how art thou?
Two back to back perfect weather days in NYC.
Wanna jar it up for later this Summer when it will inevitably be a swamp of heat and piss
Watching the game
he should just become an underwear model.
or a nude model..
either way, i think all beliebers would be happy lol
would it help if I was ok with that challenge?!
thanks and I will give our best
I wish i would explain myself to you.
well sorry!!!!
idk what to tell u.
A good friend/fellow rider over in Tampa posted it...Hoping to have a good turn out tomorrow!
glad I'm on that list, dickwad!
OVS thanks the PJ Library for last month's childoctorns Shabbat program!
Stay tuned for details on our next kids program coming on August 20.
Dicken's A Christmas Carol, not sure which version I prefer, also Holiday Inn, The Christmas Story,  Miracle..
let's get started on that treasure map!
it's beautiful
HOT Rumor  Nikon Set to Launch Mirrorless ILC Camera
never?
NEVER SAY NEVER!
he notice you again if you keep trying.
you can meet him too!
thingIwishIhadthissemester ...
All A's
I'm in a special library, so students/kids questions don't apply to me right now either.
But you never know.
A3.Lack of execs on board w/mobile strategy, IT  marketing dept can't manage mobile together.
Source: Aberdeen Group
lol let's see him try to get in the lane with AD swatting every attempt he makes
all for edcamp but 2 feet would get too disorderly for me.
RT : Should the rule of two feet be used in a class edcamp?
Alright, a fight to the death...A 16 foot Alligator trapped in a big hole with a full size Male American Black Bear, who wins?
now I am!
For Franco the Great!
state law requires you to declare since a primary is for 2 major parties to nominate candidates.
Would require change at state...
BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I Wanted To Grow Up, And Now I Wish I Was A Kid
CO State Board of Ed votes 43 to oppose bill that would require state participation in multistate testing.
Thanks so much for all the support!
Walked the red carpet, now waiting in line for press!
This so so cool!!
NP Better Now Collective Soul
Ah stomache ache :L .
dkjfldnflkd WELL I DO.
So Mayor Gibson is running for County Commissioner.
Not surprised
: Have I told you..
lately...that I love you
I'm going to kick today's ass.
Thanks for the follow.
Glad to see ya still fightin'!
oh I see you tweeting bro.
MT : Independent bookseller, will you be my Valentine?
hear, hear
Moving furniture word so not the buisness but shit had fun
i actually love skyscraper....
gotta say its good, check that, great.
congrats!
Should have been a requirement!
RT : Finally!
A session named after an Elvis song.
Doing well!
And yourself?
Thanks for the FF's!
Been on the road the last couple of days.
:
you really must give me more notice
Really need a furry animal in my life, but lease doesn't allow it.
And no, gluing fur to a turtle shell won't do it for me.
addict !!!
Lest change that addiction with another one ;
Moving speeches this morning from Mitman, Rome, and Cronon at the Earth Day at 40 conference in Madison.
that's great news Theresa!
Looking forward to seeing your new site  all the changes.
What the fuck is everyone talking about, where are the tennis courts?
let me know when you go see it.....let me what you think about it when you do go.
I am loving this place
Get rid of that hangover with some brunch and a bloody accompanied with some MarchMadness!
you do have a point there
It's time to buy new lenses for that eyeglass frame you love!
It's Grosse Pointe Blank tonight I think.
Another good one...
love me some doctor doctor humor.
sure...why not!
Thanks for sharing your insights Joe!
Jam get their first lead of the game with a layup by Butch..
76 with 8:23 left in Q1
If you have put in a follower request recently, it's possible that I deleted the request in error.
Check and re request if I didn't accept.
u cant understand!
its like this power!
To each, their own I say.
So long as you don't mess with me or my family.
so epic I assume?
god I hope not.
Sven as Villa manager would be disastrous!
make a cup of tea and listen to music
Tweet me 333
We're trying to keep things intimate but since you asked, sure, tell your 1 to RSVP as well.
I'll try!
My teacher always goes over the class time 
fuck yeah, doctorgon lady!
Parents visiting for the weekend yay!
off to the Wild Animal Park today
are you going to replace exhaust this summer?
Still need a loving home: I have two tix to SportingKC this Saturday!
45/ea.
I'll buy you a beverage!
:
T.G.I.F DAM
Wow these rapper guys are irritating
you lucky bastard!!
get those legs ready for the slopes.
Really, NYC Parking Violation Dept?
Pay a ticket online and then I get to checkout???
This is not Gilt!
Flooded in, not leaving home, work from home day!
Please don't stop raining.
Unless it's to get Aaron home.
www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/bonds95 ; everybody needs to be protected and have someone to Help them .

Some things will never change.
Well there's people and more people/What do they know know know/ Go to work in some high rise/And vacation down at the gulf of mexicoJM
When you're addicted to something and you can't get it you do anything without thinking!!
i'm an accomplice.
fuck!
has got you covered for your winter adoctornaline rush.
Check out these tickets to this years Snow Bomb Fest.
In my bag
Thanks for the great music!
Keep it up!
Had a power nap earlier...
Was good stuff
My IQ is 184, no wait...
That's my cholesterol level.
Another easy 3 miler today.
Trying to keep it normal but how normal can you be before running your first Boston Marathon.
very nervous
Up to no good sounds like teenagers smoking cigarettes behind the bleachers, not sexual assault.
Curious why that phrasing?
Rehearsing for the next few shows with a new set list; demoing 'snippets' for the next DTES record.
couldn't of said it any better.
: Just Because We TEXT, Don't Mean We TALK!!!!!
I love putting my fingers through 's hair .
Britney Is A Perfect Mother  RT if you love !
your headline is dead on!
; we put an offer in on the townhome at 4106 Newton to use as an invst property..countered too hi
Twitter Free Restaurant Zoe.
See ya soon!
Aren't I the coolest!!?...
Got kicked out the krystals doctorve thru, and insulted by the police all in one night!!
yeah you can either send it to me on here or to my personal
Memo to : it's possible to leave our apt.
at 11:15am, walk downtown, procure a breakfast burrito, and make it to the train by noon
see what i mean...
That can't be me...
Won't allow it....
Lmfao
Just made that midterm my BITCH.
Now its time to get ready for my fake date :D
P.S.
I saw the terrorist herself RT'ed your Schamus story over the weekend!
More than 1000 in the trips initiatied by The Congress of Racial Equality  the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee.
My New DP is loading.
: Physical therapy, massage, then off to play golf with and !
roughlife lol!!
Rain delay.
um excuse me...
you forgot one
I should've seen that one coming.
organic clothing freshmotif tees fashion OrganicClothingBenefits101  Reduces Toxic Chemicals
welcome back big fella!
new arty weekend video coming today
dudes are chanting Mario
yep...that's me
J.Michael rises again!
New album and video coming out soon.
Can't keep this girl down ;
They did bot do a very good job with the shipuden.
And u gata start hunterxhunter.
It is so good.
Never boring or repetitive.
ah!!!
LOVED that night!
Miss U girls
wait what happened?
I used to go to church in a school
Yet another reference to my beard from the stage at a / event.
well thanks c: lol
isn't he awesome?
this Houston life is like a catch 22...
as far as having what I want, paradise, its a 10 !
having fun like I did in the Chi, a mere 5 !
Jessica alba :D
Real Housewives of Atlanta Reunion.
U?
350 for a Coachella GA Wristband next year?
Ouch
I'm not getting any error message, does it still appear broken to you?
Let me know so we can work on gettin' it fixed for you!
Amen Brother!
Same as well
what happened boo ?
could be a major Pause but......it's yeezy and hov so you get away with it lol
Thanks for the info on colleges!
i love youu very much!
Please Follow Me3
Christie has no hear no soul but he does have a great: the television camera!
Met lots of new friends this week, especially tonight.
I will miss
Ayo, girl.
Why do you have your eye brows up like you're surprised in every freaking picture on your Facebook?
We plan to be at HPmkt in Fall, see you there?
RT : TY for getting the post together in time for the High Point Market!
Success!
Finally!
I guess I'm just not allowed to add commentary.
Would have been commentary D to the I to the doubleTO!
Sometimes its best to let people think what they're doing is right, so when life smack the shit out of them, they won't blame you!
youjustgotdiagnosed RT : anxiety.
you know suttin i dont know?
spill it kid
haha, I always WAS on it, just wasn't ON it haha...
Wonder, too, if reflect and analyze should be there.
We hardly ever look back and learn in order to plan ahead effectively.
So glad you're loving it!
:
RT : Over the holiday weekend are you going to do any volunteer work?
you totally inspired me.
Would love to get more PR insights from you.
At NYC Startup Weekend.
Awesome crowd.
she loves me and misses me more Austin ;
I'm never satisfied, no matter what I achieve I always want more and no matter how good I do I always feel like I could have done better.
It's all about playing to ur fan base.
Saying I luv Castro in Miami is like saying I luv Bush in the middle of dowtown Baghdad.
I know your hearts been broken, but please don't give up, I'll be right there to fix it right up 3
While temps made it well into the 60's today, lows tonight will fall to around 35.
Temps 10 cooler tomorrow.
you too girl!
sorry i didnt stay and chat.
i had to get home.
looking at my invisible DMs with Madison....
The Hu Honua power plant was originally built in 1974.
We are excited to retrofit the facility to a modern biomass facility.
It looks deceptively nice outside.
Sunshine is beautiful.
However, it's only 50 degrees.
Shaking my head.
kid looks rich, I might need a loan.
RT : Q2 DAM is not just about technology.
DAM is technology  best practices  amazing support  processes
don't encourage the man.
Off to sell some real estate today!
A6 Mktg needs to get better at feeding the management dashboardfocus on contributions to revenue and professort
GTMW here we come!
Keep an eye out for our team and you can win an Empirical tshirt!
Tweet me a pic of you with our lovely staff to win
Have you already sent out the new posters?
Because I still haven't got mine :/
There are some sort of organic church people I know that I hang with Sunday AMs before being institutionalized.
I did play a Penta!
No RocketBallz though, used a Burner Superfast.
: If you 3 America, care about the future and believe that we are better off without Obamanomics.
RT this.
Resist44
Get the best people and train them well.
Scott McNealy
I'm so excited to write this paper, I'm shivering.
Oh wait, that might be the red bull.
We're bff's because I got hit in the head today too.
With a softball though.
Someone threw it at me.
: sadsadsad.
CHRIS NEWMAN ACOUSTICBOO FROGSNOW BUDNAPALM BEACH OCTOBER 2010
Thanks for the share!
some guy just came to the door trien to sell me some shit, not interested and he goes alright happy 4/20 lol really
It's insane that would take so much content to FuelTV and there be no HD.
Can't imagine lets that be issue for long.
is this a trap?
: Making college references to people who obviously never went.
TFM
YOURE TOO OLD TO BE PLAYING IN THE PLAYOFFS!!
YOURE GONNA HURT YOURSELF
OK, fine.
will get my Black Friday business but that's it!
Q11 get as much done online as possible!
buying/comparing even if you have it shipped to store so you dont have to pay sh
JL!
Count us in!
Best  success.
Where's some good outside courts with a lot of people hoopin??
Thought there was one near danville I went to before
Is there any way I can get the JPEG for Muscle Max..
I want to put it on my FB PAGE.!
Watching the followup of CelebrityRehab.
U seem much calmer  more at peace.
I hope you continue to do well!
I love when you tell me you love me.
Stay safe out there tonight
Doubt and underestimation my greatest
Doing great : Found a place to live in St.
Augustine and MARSunplugged in tonight!!!
:D lol!
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that can make you smile regardless of how bad you may be feeling .
Threat Level Midnight is amazing.
I'll miss free rides downtown, but a good step towards it cleaning up No more free bus rides in downtown after Sept.
29....
holla got some fire as beats
your weird
sometimes you just need to not work.
Why is it when you seem the most tired during the day you are the most awake at night.
I did figure out how to turn on Swype typing though
I see why you have to be a certain age to be on Facebook.
Because they don't want immature assholes like you on there.
no matter wat any body say spread tha peace  stay Mindless
Updates to Twitter are rolling out today.
What do you think about the new look and features?
Ahh, back to normal :
rip grandpa Heber happy birthday I love you and miss you.
I'm asking for each performer 2 acts 5min max..
: I Am Now Happy.
HA!
I have something to tell you.
Hey Carmen!
newsflash  building sold by Carey to developer for 23MIL!!
WTF?
The neighborhood is exploding.
U got out in time !
HI , I just started following you  I understand you are looking for a position I am a Sales Recruiter for ADP.
Let's talk!
i thought it was Earl B.
Turner ?
Cats by 21.
it's Friday and has been a very long week and it's not over yet...but tonight I need to party!
omg im sorrie that wuz not for you!!!
It wis supposed to be for som1 else:P lol sorriee
I think Craig Finn sucks balls, and not baseballs.
That's where it's a bit deceiving.
Sponsorship  accounts for up to 90 for some athletes.
How's your project coming?
doctor Pepper 10 needs to calm down.
lol had i seen you on twitter earlier i would have punk.
plus its not like i have your
Your professorle pic...
That's so real.
We saw that April 17 is Pet Owners Independence Day.
We aren't really sure what that means, but it sounds good!
Celebrate with your pet!
hello i got your tweet and i would LOVE to work with you
The key thing tho is that fair use is fuzzy, and only a defensive claim rather than a right per se.
UC BEARCATS  2 Syracuse  Georgetown.
Great win Cats!
One more win and we're Big East Champions!
Make this day a healthy eating day!
Wind again?
WHATEVER!
hahaha that's great only he would notice that
lol you just gon tell me to fix it, you betta let yo boyfriend handle that
but they are great at buying awesome domain names
Playing new songs at the headlining gig this Friday!
Also we'll have a second guitarist with us for the 1st time in three years!
Come watch
lol mines better ; aha
Nabisco Newtons Fruit Thins in Cranberry Citrus Oat.
Nom!
Now Playing: Whitney Houston  Mariah Carey When you believe
thank you!!!
Tonight at 9pm CST, tune in to 98.3 fm or www.weld.fm for 3 hours of music and conversation with Attempt To Fail!
Most burglaries happen in 10 minutes or less.
Make your home hard to break into by ALWAYS locking your doors, windows, and security gates!
Awh!
Thanks!
:D
fa435 The self that we once were is always in the process of becoming the self we are yet to be.
Word.
not sure I got to either of those areas.
Having a hot guy best friend is the worst!
haha you can't flirt with them!!
RT : Changed my mind...I prefer my page private shrugs aww
Yes, international too!
Spread the word!
:
Back to sketching because I have free time once again!
so this white dude walked by me and my bro smokin and said i smell poisen ivy
Hi Cal, nice to find you on LinkedIn, FB  Twitter.
Thanks so much for the wonderful LinkedIn Recommendation!
:
happy birthday bro live it up!!!
Not sure if this is a joke or not, but I'd totally use this.
bit.ly/9RPKCh
you could write about a line of hemingway for books
mhmmmm who is this about beautiful ?
Nice meeting you!
Thanks for your advice, btw, I used it to go shopping yesterday!
amazing in a good sense or outrageous sense?
Nothing quite like airports and air travel to remind me that, for the most part, I hate people.
But I do look 4 them 2 make up for it on the other end of the court.
Not playing hard after the mistake is what concerns me.
www.chooseychicks.com Choices are endless, BE CHOOSEY!!
o ok
: Damn I wish he wont ........uhmmmm too bad home girl it's official
so you just gonna ignore my last tweet?
up to 50 for real estate agents..send me our referrals
that would be acceptable too
Play big in the 2nd half!
any plans for 2013 calendar yet?
The weekend is packed with great live music!
420 Blowout TONIGHT w/ !
presents a CD Release w/ Corsair on Sat.!
I just realized tht I'm much meaner to people now..
Wishing i could watch the fight right now
who are you rooting for now ?
when the y said COLDPLAY i thought they said COLTON :
Things I'm looking forward to:Black ops 2,the avengers,men in black 3,halo 4,zombieland 2,and getting a girlfriend.
emma is such a nice looking dog!
i wish the weather was better here...it's cold and grey :
Wishing you could take it all back
yes tragic and wish they didn't air publicly these things
I Smoke Strong That PopEye!
What kind of specials are around town tonight for people in Madison looking to watch tonight's Brewers vs.
Mets game?
thanks for the follow!
You're welcome.
10k is a fun, pushes you hard.
Damn dude!!
does it again!
Great job man.
SO Proud!!
made the right choice
that boy is a monster!
a great one at that :P
If you would come over and hangout you coulda got them lol
haha!
Be afraid, be very afraid.
:
I think I'm going to take the surgery because keeping up with these Meds 
Gousha: informative, thoughtful civil discussion.
Showing video on Lessard case.
its loading!
So what exactly is it?
Fun meeting time
looking forward to your tweets!
If you or any of your customers lock their keys in their car, call us!
We'll get there fast.
Everyone in the office is dying their hair radioactive red.
So trashy.
If I saw dogs that looked that intelligent, more often...
I'd have way too many puppies in my apt.
Oh keep the cold there..
:
My bad for not knowing wtf WORLD PEACE is...
and that he is Ron artest...
i dont really watch basketball like that..
ima FOOTBALL girl
Bench and Wall Climbs not part of AmisterP
Turkey crossing the street and holding up traffic...
So many good jokes coming to mind!
sorry boo I'll visit later :
The 1 thing that is most hurtful, is that he lies again today on TJMS and says I am a republican plant., Unlike u Alvin I can take criticism
So I have a little confession about myself for all of you: I would rather have a lot of inexpensive things than one highly expensive thing.
20ThingsAboutMe i black out when i get mad n dont remember y i was mad in the 1st place and who i was mad at
Can't wait for you all to hear the new tracks .
have been laying down.
So, so strong.
more that every blogger is reading skeevy guys and throwing up landing pageso sell some damn ebook   a 400 value for only 99!
mhm...
do you see me having a baby?
don't forget he doctorpped that one as the lead singer of his speed metal band Body Count!
ive watched it before but not in a long time because theres no point to the shoe anymore!!!
RT Back to the grind!!!
I saw that.
Looked strangely familiar .....
Just made a cake and it said GRAND on it:
Very nice looking bike.
Is it coming to the USA as well?
God was with me and my sister tonight...
And I cant thank Him enough for what He did.
dude .
I'm at a park : , and I'm suppose to be at school .
Shhhhh .
I really hope we aren't disappointed.
Apple stock was down less than a point despite Jobs resignation.
False encouragement?
Working on the details of the launch party!
Details coming soon...
That last ep of law and order was so sad 
Going to a social media advertising lecture...learning what you didn't teach me....
Why not?
I take 3 Ls to the head, love , live , life  im dead
20ThingsAboutMe all i eat is chicken nuggets and french fries
: Javelle got real nasty on the lob..that fool ain't playin tonight
We make the mistake of expecting everyone else to try as hard to succeed but most are satisfied with just mediocre.
It's not good enough!
Gotta watch last nights Glee!
How was it?!
Aisha Tyler give me a break!
TBR
Would you like to see more Interest lists added to our site?
Let us know by tweeting with
don't bring anything tomorrow!
Won't be there
I got out of My car while I was in the middle of a carwash this morning!!!!
RT : Ask not what the fuck your country can do for you; ask what you can do for your fucking country.
I don't understand this tweet.
Please clarify.
very cool, .
and lots of us in georgia now!
to 11:11 and now to SAYSOMETHIN !
You have improved so much, I'm so proud of you!3 I love you ; your song is perfection!
3
It is BEEYOUTIFUL outside!
Love this weather...
and writing with the windows open.
Cracking into a can soon!
RT We had canned cranberry today and we LIKED IT!
RT The 5 Worst Thanksgiving Dishes
Look at me!
I'm a morning person!
Let's work out!
Get worms!
doctorve garbage trucks!
Use exclamation points!
BLOCK!
're welcome Now we can wait for the paid LDS trolls to jump us  insist:Oh no It's not that way at all
action expresses priorities
sockwonkey has new friends
My poor friend ole girl look homeless in a bubble jacket n scarf like she thought NYC was the north pole or something lol
Ahaha I had a mini heart attack!
Sometimes you just gotta' stroll down the fine choclates aisle of the local CVS...
I'm a little behind on this  Word of the day: zephyr Any soft, gentle wind
yesthat is huge!
Good morning!
Be the change you seek in the worldGandhi
We have to stay in here for like 30 more minutes.I'm going to die.
Thanks for the LIKE Roberto!
Getting ready to roll out....
amazing.
Why do World Cup referees always make themselves the center of the story?
Discretion.
They should try it sometime.
Randall one can be a victim AND a survivor simultaneously
If you're hungry you should come over.
I've Been cooking since 7 am.
A bunch of random good eats!
Lol
Be the change you wish to see in the world.
Ghandi
a friendly snake, I hope?
had our show doctorss rehearsal last night.
kc, you are in for a real treat.
could be our best show yet.
well.
Don't leave us hanging WHAT HAPPENED?!!
Coffee spilt in the car on the ride to work.
Today is starting out kinda rough...
HARDEEHARHAR IM A STALKER LIKE THAT.
Sunday Funday!
If you're 21, come on down for happy hour doctorfts and wells, 5pmmidnight!
And how about some pinball?
Did u know that from 6ft the pros make 50 and amateurs 40?
according to
Eli Broad...
Just discovered you on
Made me do some thinking about myself.
I wonder if any of my actions of the past persuaded women to think like that...
I know you ain't a pimp, but pimp remember what i taught ya
Went with the for my iPad.
I like it so far!

got my doctornk watching the hanson livestream now
Hi!
Can you follow me?
Its okay if you can't!
Anyway keep doing what you are doing!
Have fun with the guys!
You Rock!
Thanks!
when we die where do our closets go?
Planting veggies with your family sounds like a successful EarthDay to us !
Nice to see you back in action.
I'll be out there tomorrow.
oh my god, can't be more perfect ahahahah
Tomorrow: Phi Psi Sunday Funday fundoctoriser for Boys and Girls Club.
Food, games, music, talent show...2PM7PM  220 S.7th St.
bailey and nick
get back on skype I got it back so we can talk :
Westing: Apple has patented some gestures, but I have no idea how you could ever enforce patents on gestures
No Limit Hold'em.
Hours of boredom followed by moments of sheer terror.
Tom McEvoy
Door to door sales people tend not to stay as long if you answer the door nakie I just found out!
Its Efffffinngg FRIDAY!
:
The Year Of Fear Has Begun!!!!!!
West Virginia State Game!!!
Throw that ball strike:
Be sure to pick up a copy of today!
's TheIllusion is featured in the Summer 2012 Guide!
Lord, FatherSonSpirit God, make me to delclare your glad tidings today.
I Love Women But I Only Want One That I Cn Call Mine!!
James Franco is in Arlington...omg,someone take me to arlington please.
its not a fantasy, but its Phone sex
A big hello back from across the big pond!
John Carter of Mars Needs his Mom
how can we be lovers if we cant be friends
Really dig Bright Eyes...
But these days I prefer the solo album.
Sick batch of songs.
if you like songs and dont like him u might be dumb.
Any questions about lesson rates, areas of specialty or available lesson times send an email to
Great to catch up with in Orlando.
His sticker books are a big hit in my house!
Excited to travel to Charlotte tomorrow to meet with and RCR to talk about promoting the AdvoCare500 and
with the best song being marshmallow world .
Just a classic.
So then all stylists are potentially rogue criminals?
you've got two days to get in the proper holiday spirit, missy
exactly.
Hopefully its a good thing lol
I seriously need bar buddies
fresh new apple macbook battery...
AAAAhhhhJesss.
Dan the dad is here!
And the ESPN love affair of the Yanks continue, postgame intv w Jeter longer than any highlight they showed toniteno joke
old women of the united states: you are NOT allowed to be braless and wear a white wifebeater when your boobs sit on your lap.
i can nips.
welcome to the twitters!
Hedy delivers great into of mayor
Nice day
I can't wait to go to the lake this summer.
Is it meant to be historically accurate?
Imagine Harry bought you a bracelet with an engraving in it.
He smiles at you as you whisper the text:''Forever yours.
Love, Harry.''
James tonight at HOB.
Feels like college.
2012c19 Travis Foster opening up the idea of generation and a lovely rereading of the word conspire as breathing with
I miss you!
Can't wait to see you soon: xoxo
you guys have such good on camera chemistry.
You all look like you're having fun or you're really good at faking it ;
if guys get boner pills covered by insurance,women should have birth control covered,cheap, accessible
Our own Jessica Tribble explaining mystery on this morning between 8am and 10am, ABC15 in Phoenix.
Go Jessica!
I left a trail through the NY Times crossword puzzle this morning.
There are clouds in the sky  what a beautiful sight!
If it rained, it would be perfect  fingers  toes are crossed!
Cecil Fielder  Albert Pujols
Sorry, hon.
We're trying to refinance which is less depressing but oh the home value is sad.
Days like this make me think I have a garden angel!
it's true
Helping a real estate investor purchase a rehab home using our private money.
This is under utilized sources of financing.
After months of writing I'm almost done with my new project
Hate to watch Nats' Jason Werth injury.
u got a habbo really me too wat yo name on der
James Thurber You might as well fall flat on your face as lean over too far backward.
I'll be home soon.
Nobody's perfect, you don't have to be.
Don't feel special.
I only keep your number in my phone so I know not to answer when you call..
Check out in the Picks  Promos this week
I don't remember how they got there but I guess I must have killed them.
RT: : I know I will die alone, but loved.
Up early on my day off.
Have a long to do list must get it all done!
Time to grind and get mine!
Hey del how your weekend so far
On my way to Dallas and my favorite hotel !
Officially dead.
Zayn has killed me.
Bless.
Studying is so fun :/
I know who u are:
thank you for the support.
3
I cook with wine.
Sometimes I even add it to the food.
W.C.
Fields
What if...
scenarios are excellent subjects to write about.
Fear evokes imagination.
Buffalo folks.
Im headlining a show at misterGoodbar, 2nd floor, this Saturday at 9:30pm.
7 bucks gets you in.
will be on the show

check the fridge, there is a St.
Patty's day surprise!
beerfridaysareback cc:
Good morning!
Hope everyone had a great weekend!
Get the week started off right with an intense workout.
Do Work!
What's your fav end zone dance you have done this year
One of the brilliant things about reading the ancient Greek writers is that they never make the mistake of considering humility a virtue.
I'm with you, doesn't know what a black and mild is??
Why do they keep pitching to Pujols?
We are moving up in the Pepsi Refresh competition!
Text 107350 to 73774 right now to vote for us, takes just a few seconds!
Finished with a first doctorft of my dissertation!
I've written 360 pages in the last four months.
saw not one but more than a dozen 'gators on bike ride through the Forest Preserve.
I don't need you and your brand new benz, or your bougie friends333
Mexican American ppl that get very upset when someone forgets to add the American part gtfoh ol sensitive ass.
it was close, but it wasn't what decided the game.
Gordons too much
Ryan and I are both looking for part time jobs..
if you know about something that aint captainl please send me a message!
Hoodiesbest thing that has ever existed!
that is sick i wish i was in houston to learn from them D;
Stop playing Dora baby and let's go to dinner.
Otherwise, Swiper might swipe your food.
U can bring boots too :
Oh yeah...that will help ;
Boley with the sack and belt discount double check move.
Nice job?
I'm going to a bar with my boss
Happy Friday the 13th!
What are you doing to stay lucky today?
:
Our first event is right around the corner.
So exciting!!
Stress is your worst enemy ...
Don't let it effect you.
Man has his will, but woman has her way.
Oliver W.
Holmes
Gardens and flowers have a way of bringing people together, doctorwing them from their homes.
RT : Your imagination is your preview of life's coming attractions.
Albert Einstein
nm, read the article and see they're dumping Tebow
A few have asked for this game, so let's see who can get the W'!
Idk why is tweeting but just ignored my call
I'd pay you if I had the cash...
do you take VISA?
Finished Diablo 3 beta with one character...
And played halfway thru with another, will probably need to finish some others too :D
It's a great Monday.
Start your week off with a smile.
wait...
cupcakes?
You are so helpful.
Red  Black where you at?!
Go Dawgs!
ribeye or gyro?
Coyote seen roaming the North End.
Apparently, he heard good things about Acme Pasta on Yelp.
College basketball has too many one handed rebounders.
You have to be a two handed rebounder.
don't give up
Or: Rain dampened spirits but Irish were still smiling on Saturday ...
Monty Alexander  Ernest Ranglin  Marcus Garvey  05:22 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
take a sad song and make it better.
WHAT IS THIS.
contemplating how to embrace my vulnerable side......Been playing too many hardnosed women I guess.....
thanks.
interesting perspectives all around.
that sounds like a pretty awesome autocorrect to be honest
R.I.P Sam!!1 We will miss you.
You were such a sweetheart!!
sometimes it feels like a nightmare im never going to wake up from.
Pick Up Line i used today: ME: Are those jeans on sale?
GIRL: idunno ME: at my house therer 100 off.
RETWEET.
Oh my, BayTOE had his nose photo shopped in his mailer, wonder if they can do that to my big boobs?
He looks like he has nose cartilage!
loved seeing you on The show and I love you I can't wait to ready your book and you're doing an amazing job w Cree
Short film Junshi that I was in won Best Sound Design  Best Narrative at the VisuallyWiredFilmFestival!
Word!
RT : If you're going to Waterstreet tonight for Such Gold/Joywave/Hit The Lights, say hi and buy Joywave merch from me
RT : If people still make you angry you're not centered.
Thought the filmmaking discussion went well, thank you to Keith for joining me and to mister.
Scriven for asking us to participate!
Can't wait to announce the awesomeness!
: Working on it.
And hopefully something awesome for the !
Yes.
Agree 100 : Dan LeBatard is Highly Questionable is the best show ESPN has ever had
thx so much
WOW.
That was a great way to end the season
AIM: afteritendszach  Chat now...or the kitty dies.
different grades!
Kindergarten I had too many, and then first or second they were all stolen lol
Just watched Journey To The Edge Of The Universe and I must say, is probably the best narrator ever.
wudd up plz follow jadenbaby11 she my friend she only got 2 followers dats my and sombody else plz follow her
getting McDonald's!
RT : Good luck to on your glutenfree adventure!
Thanks!!!
aTouraine Cultural models must B placed at center of society ...Art  becomes language and desire instead of message and representation
Um?
grammys What is going on?!
Congratulations to for welcoming their first residents today!
Tip to the Kingdom: Your favorite Happy Hour may not be honored today since it is a holiday.
Call ahead to be sure!
you can complain, or you can do something about it...the power is in your hands...
I'm getting so aggravated!
I feel like I'm about to burst!
me too.
me too.
Do i want an epic packers/bears game?
Or a seahawks upset?
Go , i say.
Ugh!
Sickness go away!
D:
I told you to stop posting pics of me, man
Ready to see you light it up next year!
Fly sweep all day!
Wow..that's good stuff!
RT : Dear Jesus, I can afford wine.
How about you start turning water into gas?
The painful feeling when I see the one I love with someone else.
Excited to hear Chancellor Joel Klein discuss his efforts to close the achievement gap and bring accountability to NYCs school system.
No more estimated doctorving cost on Google Maps?
misterAjun I love you!!!!
So sad I can never become a rapper because Birdman stole my rapper name :
RT : this nigga crazy!!!/ Blonde head n Red head at da SameDamnTime like my nigga
Welcome to smchi !
We're thrilled to have you!
Aloha!
LOL i have issues
Double Space  Changed Font  Enlarge Period Size  ESSAY FINSHED.
5 pages just turned into 7
thats why I don't trust Robertson.
I've said it once I'll say it a million times, he is good.
Not great.
He doesn'thavewhatittakes
Romney wins Nevada: It's Mormon in America!
why?
How?
Lol
If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can sure make something out of you.
Muhammed Ali
Yes!
I am located in NYC :
i know!
i'm officially in love with this actress!!!

Is tumblr new outlet to evade publicrelations pros or a cheap crowdsource solution to the 24/7 production cycle?
Thoughts?
You are one scary guy when you cut people on tough enough.
keep up the good work
I don't think anyone can.
better not go to sleep!!
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
RT : Good morning!
We're starting out this week better than last, acquainted w/ more foot soldiers in the
Try roasted sweet red peppers and artichoke hearts with your appetizers or entres.
because we have school
Plan time to exercise during the week.
Enlist the help of family  friends to make it happen.
The chores can waittake care of you!
I love people with road rage that doctorve a camero itjust makes me laugh
According to sources, FIU's Mario Cristobal to leave and take the head coaching position at Rutgers.
I had that the other day.
Loved it!
OK, the red carpet pool league is happening next year so I can rock my picks for the Ind Spirit Awards!
Jeff Beaver of shares with students why Charlotte can't yet host the Super Bowl.
Any guesses why?
We are looking for non professorts in need of photography  film projects for our spring '12 Practicum.
Please get in touch  fill out an app.
It's all happening at tomorrow!
Spots available for vocal coaching with Marta Woodhull after 3pm!
Interesting voices.
at charges of 30 cents a minute, you better only tweet your BEST stuff.
Happy Hour til 7!
Come see Big Mike on the bar for 3 rail doctornks, 3 house wine, 3 select doctorfts!
RT Lots of people want to ride in the limo w/ you.
You want someone who'll take the bus when the limo breaks down.
RT The wounded man looks up through his one dyin eye  Says, whad you bring him in here for?
he aint the guy!
Glad to hear it!
Prost!
damn losing followers :
Check our 10 off coupon, just click the tab on the left.
Cell phone accessories, repairs, or phones.
..thanks to my new follower , I'm working my magic right now.
Hahaa!
Got that man on Dlock.
risk risk risk risk.
It was a rough year for sure
Buying doctornks at Wet Willies, come find me!!!
Show tonighta very eclectic event called Speaking Of...
at the New Hazlett Theater, Pittsburgh, 8 pm.
Check it out!
Yes  still alive and kicking...
Just nose to the grindstone, that's all.
Having my first Summer Shandy of the year
i will when i get home.
: im at school.
Talk to you later.
:
We look forward to serving you so keep us in mind for all of your Fishing Pole Racks.
That could get pretty complicated, if you know what I mean!
Unless I bring a stun gun...
;
Nice bike faggot!
In exactly 7 weeks I will hopefully be taunting my good friend Josh Herion because I beat him at RevTour in boardercross.
Its almost time.
You're welcome!:
Avoid making irrevocable decisions while tired or hungry.
Robert Heinlein
samee.
i wanna go there soo bad.
its not even funny.
oh yeah mabe ya right well even if yeah or no it dosent matter to me anymore so yeah good night girl get better :
Cody Ross is really strong......
Mexican food
she is one of the very best !!!
can't wait to see you at tasteofdc !!
Hey Now!!!..have a great one besos
same here!
i wanna be able to show everyone :
STRICTLY OFFLINE TIL LATER!
TWITTER IS doctorP DEAD!
RIGHT NOW!
aw poor baby!
Hope she recovers over the weekend.
Lots of lovin'!
What is happening in Fringe ?
Peter is THAT walter's son wtf????
Did the writers got confuse with the universe?
I could have told you that.
:
Singing all morning, starting not mind being single!
Helps I've had the best rebound ever w/my Mavs!
2 games1week!
Alcohol police ?????
Open till 8pm today for all your NYE favorities.
Dine in or take out, hope to see everyone out!
SIBLING ABUSE SURVIVOR, I was told by my brother that I was ugly.
As adult, I think I am ugly.
The imprint he gave me is deep.
Whoever said, It's not whether you win or lose that counts, probably lost.
Martina Navratilova
RIP facebook ?
1620 yr old girls You are not hiding on Twitter from those  people you can't stand  on Facebook
You wrote the damn song, but WE'RE the freaks?!
stayed up way too late last night.
Now facing the doctorve to G.B.
Coffee, full tank, clean roads ...
all systems go !
music made to last /Cc
A fitting conclusion..
Footage of Seau's induction to the Chargers HOF and Seau playing ukulele.
Google intends to move for a mistrial based on the fact that jury only answered half of the first question it was asked, says Van Nest.
awh c: I wouldn't want to let you go either 3
i'm tired like a zombieperson.
Hello twitter...I'm ready to start tweeting!
Paul Gauguin quotes:...
A compromise is the art of dividing a cake in such a way that everyone believes that he has got the biggest piece.
Qustir offers a system that will allow companies to make coupons and savings more accessible to their target market.
The road to success is dotted with many tempting parking places.
It's one of those evenings when that one person  just wish he was here.
Do u think it's coincidence that sky diving said five times fast sounds like sky dying 
let's get a meeting!
who does?
Lol
Bwhahahahhahahahahahaa STOP!
RT I just seen tupac at ross arguing over the last pair of red chucks
I have a feeling the only online activity next week will be for TAX prep..: At least for some...
Gotta spend money to make money.
okay!
Pictures:
I just heard what she did to me she did the same exact thing to him wit his friend ahaha karmas a bitch glad I ain't wit that hoe lmao
Watching the 2 play 15 Lehigh...
admittedly a bit nervous.
Lehigh is leading by 2 with 4min left in the half...
hm.
I have a really awkward farmers tan on my legs
bout to get into some new music ..
Buy a new one  : how do you get malware off of a mac?
i think i have some
i saw her livechat she's so sweet333 Love her 33333
For those intrigued by its mention in our Citypaper blurb, we're offering Chai Masala Tea Cake over the weekend.
Get it while it lasts!
VEGASiTES coming soon!
All you do, you do to you.
I love my choir.
And watching julia dance likw a freak...
Sad to announce that West Coast Tacos will not be joining us tomorrow night; many well wishes to the swift repair of their truck!
One thing I would like to teach the world is the beauty of being ON TIME...
North Carolina is a backward hellhole, but not alone.
Most of U.S.
has voted same way.
Fundmamental rights should not be subject to vote.
: Thank you for you kind words on this sad day RIP Etta James  thinking of you my friend!
Miss you!
Me and made a delicious dinner!
:D practice tomorrow!!!
blu Restaurant is doing another Week of RESTAURANT WEEK 2009!
Make your reservations now!
6173758550
You're Welcome!
questionsthatdontgetanswers What's wrong with this expensive couch sitting on the sidewalk?

single taken trying to figure out how one DOES get into morodor
Why wont it let me follow anymore fans?
Exactly my feeling about it...
Waiting for the next update to see if they introduce those missing features.
It's never too late to be what you might have been.
George Eliot
RIP Carroll Shelby Cars are much better because of you.
Kiss another year goodbye.
Celebrating 44 on 44.
Time flies when you are engaged in the battle to reestablish reason.
There has been a lot a questionable stuff written about EVs lately.
Consider those sources, folks!
Lmao!
I know I just wanted to see if u wud really do it but ok baby.
i need more followers !
A new blog for the New Year on my website:www.thehomeoffice.com.
A new year brings new opportunities to do what you love to do!
Blessings!
Steadily working in the field.
Couldn't ask for anything more.
:
Shopping!!!
:D
OK, I'm still at with a Golden Ticket  free food.
Who wants it?
Stop by, say Mangia!
Haha RT : If you have a chance to remake Napoleon Dynamite in cartoon form..
You just have to do it.
Nobody
Finally replaced my 45yr old MacBook with a brand new Air.
This is so cool.
Everything works again.
sign me following  gaga.
Hiring ppl my record company contacts
great shooting today and GREAT WIN!
May 12th be in the building JERIMIH LIVE at KCEVENTSCENTER GET TICKETS NOW!
it was nicely said.
Yes.
Done and done.
RT : Offshore this week to wash down the road dust?

I actually met Bette Davis a half a dozen times in the mid 1980's.
When I first moved to LA.
She'll make a man stutter.
Speaking to Junior  Senior Sports Management Majors at Flagler College in St Augustine, FL this morning.
: MLB Spring Training games start this weekend!
That makes me so happy.
I know this is kinda early to talk about but, Who else is going to warped tour this summer?
GM tweets have a blessed day and remember to put God first :
Wise man.
I'm looking to get a couple bottles tomorrow, does anybody know where I can go  get V.I.P.??
I would say more like 75
omg havet tweeted since last night :O whats up
My coffee is making me feel GOOD this morning!
MPG Office Trust Reports First Quarter 2012 Financial Results
Willie Nelson Chipotle spot is cool
ima bout to blow UP...a family member has hatted on me....LOVE IT!!!
he'll call just look out for it.
Goodluck!
the best revenge is living well.
the second best revenge is acid in face.
who will love them now?
We have many clients from Canada but we do not do any sales of Canadian property.
lol hopefully it will be and thanks...again!3
Post news and tips for a variety.
A variety of what?
I love penelope but all of her doctorsses almost look the same to me.
Agnostic Front Plan 30 Years of NYHC Shows Recap
Unreal..
going to 3rdOT !
looked good in 2nd boys..let's go
David Carradine found dead in Bankok  believed to be suicide by hanging.
We have lost our Kung Fu Master.
Well that is a given.
I don't necessarily have to reiterate the obvious :
Hahaha.
And it had the potential to!
Oh how I miss the Simon team!
Have fun in Indy!
awww my roommate just bought me coffee!!
Perfect on this crazy cold day.
I love that people know i love coffee :
they should've did that with Iamme and the boyz.
I'm thinking so.
it was bad, then better....
now today my head feels two sizes too large.
Everybody at work today!
registered for NEOtech.
Let me know if you need a session: Google Apps, Social Learning w/ Schoology, Pod.Vodcasting
Wow.
Your band is so ultrahip that even Shazam can't figure you out.
yes you can.
had a wonderful time presenting the History Day lecture Morgan State University today.
how?!
Register rewards?
Dear  if you're going to tweet that a major highway is shut down, how about announcing when it reopens?
Sincerely, Late For Work
Going to see Gerald Clayton this evening at the Jazz Standard.
CD release of TwoShade www.artistshare.com.
Yea!!!
Just read an accomplishment of new OH State Supt; was the youngest principal ever in SD not sure this is something to be proud of
Shame on netflix for supporting that pig Rush Limbaugh.
We haven't watched much lately  maybe time to switch to Hulu and cancel
what are u doing paying for it..
Ill give it to u for free in exchange for some tickets.
Have not been to the show since March
I'm bilingualI speak both MLA and Take my serial commaplease.
Englishprofessorssorhumor
I believed I could change you, I was blind to the truth.
Everybody want that loyal friend who's going to be there threw thick and thin
Just had the most delicious Greek yogurt with a bunch of stuff in it.
nomnom I want more
Man i wish my shirt kums tomarrow
no longer any aspect of this nation remains undivided.
Short term?
healthcare overturned.
Long term?
does not bode well.
John Seigenthaler from giving powerful keynote on US civil rights movement at Fulbrightenrichment seminar
Workin on some new stuff and a new demo!
Amen, God made you for Greatness.
Let's live out His plan for our lives instead of our own.
WhyDoIAlways fall for your type?
How long is Carl's internship on Phinaes and Ferb?
I mean he's been an intern for like 2 1/2 years!
I hate rude people
Why is Groupon a tech company?
Because they know how to send emails?

OnlineBusiness Tip: Comment on remarks friends make.
They are more likely to look at your links  recommend to others.
If you think money is more important than humanity then I feel very sorry for you.
Forgot my tinfoil hat today
Biz was the shizzzzzzz RT : RT : OH BABY YOU , YOU GOT WHAT I NEED, BUT YOU SAY HES JUST A FRIEND
Whew.
If I'm honest, the apocalypse can happen as long as people like me.
But I'm sorry for the hassle of the hack.
i feel like this is i am legend and i am the dog okay
It sux to do things with one hand...but SO worth it!
a tell coach im almost done putin my paper work n bru i had to get my licsence
thanks for writing your books!
Just finished the one on Objective C and bought your iPhone book which I'm going through now!
Friday Night Tip on Sat Morning: Try to not leave your CCard  The Club!
omg!
That's awesome!
Mark my words: oct 7 will be mainly GREEN and GOLD in Lucas Oil!!!
Where are you roadtripping miss???
hey I saw a kid that kinda looked like u today...
So I thought u would like to know haha okay thanks bye 3
askbrandon what is your opinion on the zodiac?
Like do you believe in it or what?
: on Hardball?
Can't wait to see the recap of it.
Thanks for all your March Madness Book Giveaway submissions!
We'll be announcing the winner of last week's giveaway on FB later today!
Hope Lebron watching and taking notes
wait, I think I fixed it!
I'm signed in now at least...
I think
It is marketing, and customer service, too.
I can't wait to see you and the rest of play tonight!
:
Hi.
Happy day to you!!
In the library, spying on my Statistics professorssor...
the most little things,fuckin doctorve me nuts.
Post photoshoot pigout with
30RockLive LAY IT ON ME!!!
Thanks to Sarah on 90.3 FM for playing Gypsy Hands on her show!
We appreciate the East Coast love!
It's my last day and I'm going to take it like a man.
I already shed blood.
Man, brushing your teeth sucks..
Who will be 2012 Queen of the Snows?
Find out right here, very soon!
Start out buying diapers in smaller quantities.
Make sure to find a good fit  remember newborns get bigger quickly
It's official.
Lord Tensai couldn't possibly be any lamer.
I am regretting doctorfting him.
Thx for this factoid.
MT : 40 of all vehicle trips are 2 miles or less.Substituting bikes can have a positive impact.
we saw so many awkward looking girls with memorabilia and t shirts on the metro
Autism walk in Denver Co On May 26th get out and walk
Solicit feedback via polls, surveys, etc.
But if you're not ready to listen, don't ask!
I got an email they moved it inside
The first sign of madness is talking to yourself, the second sign is replying
I know right!
We should talk!
RT : Ahha!
moment: Ask your employees.
I saw you on Fox 5 news last nite!
I'm not gonna say about what...
LoL
At a prospect presenting a final budget to launch a boat club.
It doesn't have to be perfect.
It only has to be YOU!
Maybe if the offer a million dollar bonus someone will hit a pair of free throws.
Both teams have only themselves to blame for losing
I love myself exactly where I am right now in my career.
I am on the right path and things are lining up for me.
getting ready 4
Every second is a highlight.
Lunch time  Narai Thai with
haha sounds terrible but keep it anyways I won't be feeling very selective at that point!
Tired !!!!!!
But excited for tomorrow my princess hailey turns 5 super jam packed day planned : with my love ,kiddies  family

Will you be able to see your US fans backstage on your US tour w/BTR?
My twitter account was hacked!
Just changed my password, and http to https on my account settings.
Please let me know if it continues!
haha of course he does!
Chris Brown is a great performer.
oo next time invite me over!
Keeping my head up, he isn't worth my time or my tears.
I was happy once without him, I can be happy again..
Happy sunday :
good to see you tonight.
Up watchin movies .
friday...
aaawww snap.
I want to wish everyone a happy and blessed Easter weekend with family and friends and books to read.
www.lindaswift.net
I miss you too, beautiful!
Can't wait for our romantic summer getaway ;
So I'm laying down on the coach and my niece thinks it's funny to stab me in the belly button with a crayon, it hurt so bad :
You Lakers fans are so bitter
Dear world, despite my lackluster term paper, I thank you for the ability to sleep.
Love Jose...PS Stop raining on my car!
LOL RT : I have no idea what he just did.
Do not ask.
Procrastination plays a crucial role in that it allows a light to shine upon the things we've neglected until this point.
JUST DO SOMETHING
Y NO ONE LIKE ME ?
We are very good lawyers for our own mistakes, but very good judges for the mistakes of others
goodnight.
There, R U HAPPY NOW!?!
Tyler Palko looks like the mayhem guy from the AllState commercials.
21 Fenton Rd is in Chili off Westside doctor Updated Kitchen, Lrge fenced yard, lrge 2 plus car gar, everything is done for you just move in
My speakers in my room hit so hard it shakes stuff in the garage :D
Michael not a new option, our hospice used to do it years ago!
Reilly sees in legal cases evidence that property rights of men over women were slowly giving way 2 a more egalitarian relationship
Goodnight Mikey.
Don't forget, you're perfect.
I love you.
awarded 1.7 million prize.
So he's got that going for him, which is nice.
Really, switching to Linux on an older laptop can be like getting an entirely new machine.
I've done it with good results.
the bible would have been a lot shorter if he had turned water into beer.
k well gonna get ready go go to school and be miserable with all the annoying people so.
i thought of him too!
I guess when it comes to my sports teams I should just learn that disappointment is inevitable Winterhawks down 2 at the end of 1
: rose can't be mvp cus da bulls team too solid I have to agree with ya on that
Green and yellow..
Green and yellow!
indeed RT : the Water Liars are now live streaming, in the middle of a significant snowstorm.
it should translate.
Cash out just broke outta jail, then made cashin out haha !
Waking up from my nap and thinking its Monday morning.
So happy it's not.
Lakers will take out the Nuggets on Game 7 tonight.
had a patron today 'sneaking' his footlong sub sandwich into the library, which allows food already ...
not exactly 'getting away with it'
Welcome back, Orioles.
Ugh.
I have buttdialed four people today.
This tweet is actually being written in my back pocket without my knowledge.
Fake ass friends, the one who I thought had my back is now stabbing me
she's indecisive, she cant decide ...
eeniemeeniemineymo 
Agree, Marsha!
It's crucial.
Are you holding a 4pm presser??
Yes, for the web series Searching 4 Miss Right , it all started as a result of my dating video on youtube.
I see a badass mother who don't take no crap off of nobody!
Late night  the Tool Academy.
SO disgusting to' Boo at the Pres's wife, And the Vice Presi' Wife.
Michelle's Face tells it all.
She was Hurt!
U think a cat will get smarter if u fed it dog food?
I'm annoyed how easy you made it on the new person ...
:
jury duty today!!!
they sent letter after letter if i dont go it's a fine or jail what do i do?
Are u wearing little green 2 nite 4 St pattys day?
U should because everyone is Irish 2day even Jules!
Hi!
I just sent you an email about our Taste of Italy event at the Italian Embassy.
Hope you can make it.
Why you gotta, why you wanna make me keep wanting you?
thanks potty dotty!!
Lol
A major presentation  our launch party today  lots of activity  prep w/ team.
Can't wait 2 see everyone tonight!
Wide awake reading The Grapes of Wrath?
:
if they want to open up and show their world then they can't go back when convenient
Can't wait for tomorrow!
sixflags WHOOP WHOOOPP :
Tore his pectoral muscle today
I'm ready to start doctornking
What's your opinion on 21st Jump Street?
Party tonight!!:
yes that will do just fine.
flight leaves sat night.
when do you get in?
Pink bats in Texas are turning red hot..Rangers 10..Angels 2..bottom of 5th.
Have I mentioned lately that is awesome?
idk why, but I felt the need to say so...
serious withdoctorwal : Tearful eyes.
Heavy hearts.
Can't lose.
FridayNightLights
The damned coward left me to face hostile stares as I stepped inside Petigru's house.
I could not have imagined a worse future general.
BOI needs a director with current handson experience at similarly sized airport.CCDC director was chosen by CCDC not the City.
so people don't know how to hit reply or copy and paste?
You shouldnt have to change it!
i will be there to see
if the reports are true, i guess i best start using google more often!
:
Me:i feel as tho im OH SHIT I FORGOT ABOUT MY RAMEN le runs upstairs that happens everytime i make ramen XD
Take cover 'Burgher!
It could get rough!
purchase a beat and record 4 free at , DM me for details
Yankees r gettin ass raped in Boston by Mics
Interesting that CD is using basic concepts in the social sciences: norms, conventions, constructions, etc.
Should hastac2011 be HASSSTAC?
The O'Reilly factor I noticed has RACIAL UNDERTONES Straight up BILL O'REILLY IS A RACIST ....
Sexy dentist: Have you been flossing?
Me: Yes!!!
In My Mind: You and I both know I haven't been flossing!!!
If it cannot be us, let it be our childoctorn who lead us to peace.
Can't sleep, took too many naps throughout the day .
Robin Yount presenting Ryan Braun with the MVP award.
Really great moment
Still plenty of good seats, eh ?
you're lame.
Get off twitter.
Okkkayy RT : I know right other side of the earth n shit.
I'm about to text you
I love that RT Growth requires learning from painful experiences by recognizing the role we have played.
i know right aggresive tops r wut make the world go round lollol love me an aggressive top
what did she do?
you are crazy...
Phaedoctor tolerable???
lol
Nice chatting tonight.
See you at some other events I'm sure  let's stay in touch!
Tweetahs!
Be inspirational on this Wonderfully Wacky Wednesday!
Woohooo!!
I actually approve!
Although, they should ban cell phones if that happens...can you imagine soccer moms on cellphones going 85?
That awkward moment when you have a better chance at finding Waldo than a boyfriend.
Little girl, big hoop doctorams
ha!
I'll be sure not to bounce too high.
my bad i sent you precise dj pack for his latest joint shot's fired off of the shots fired soundtrack
Katherine is safe....
Figured that.
RT : I was mainly looking for a good burger from Burgatory.
Tessaro's and make much much better burgers.
would it replace a control surface?
I was contemplating the move...
A little Watch the Throne on for a Monday.
RT : the day i notice a cyclist obey a stop sign is the day i'll stop enjoying watching them bounce off my hood.
i will get you to love new girl.
should have won a golden globe
Oddly enough I made two batches of cookie dough tonight, but they're getting baked tomorrow.
The people at museum bar are mean
its here in my cities dist ctr, i'll call them in the AM and see if there is any hope of picking it up:
hiring the best UX Designers and Rock Stars!
We wanna talk to you if yr here at
BTW I LUV YA GUYS, so keep following, ill follow back, and add me on myspace!xD !:
Do not understand craps...
RT I love diet coke with ice 
Hello Monday  Rise  Grind 
Thanks Lizz!
All is well.
Hope you are doing great too!
:
that's fine!
They should have gotten Carl Lewis to do the national anthem.
for sure been a minute!!
agreed, it's extremely sad  if something happens to social security it's going to be worse...
Raleigh to DC in 3.75 hours..
think I set a new record
: At least Meg won't be there with her fist flying!
Lol.
haha why dont you say how much you miss me an well talk love !
6  that's awesome, we will be at jack st.
game, hoping to go to Georgia too
No, the magenta dye stained EVERYTHING.
Ugh.
Nightmare.
Well that would've been nice to know an hour ago.
Ok, Charlotte was cute...Ready to move back to New York.
but i can help You if You want because i am latin :
can I mention you in my new book?
Like as an appearance?
6 days till two months3
Another Monday, God help me.
This morning's spotting session for Piranha: 3DD went well.
It's gonna be wet.
It's gonna wild.
Never been a fan of hiding behind effects..
RT : And he already has 1600 followers!
RT : Your attention please.
The squirrel is now tweeting RT
Watching SAW V...
I don't understand the whole roman newmeral thingy so I don't know what V stands for...
Thanks for leading, and to , , , , , for a great chat today.
You go to Baby Blues and don't tell me!?
You know I live RIGHT there!
I now understand why Bobby left you...
First five people to tell us the name of their favorite local blogger win a free mocha or latte!
Ready...Go!
you go EVERY weekend
its kinna boring here too!
You may be bored..
But Atleast youre a dope rapper
Please marry me
PreCalculus final tomorrow..gutted!
Lol a very excellent shirt.
Your son is on the wrong side of history.
Peace on earth and goodwill to all people.
Happy New Year !
Idk, if I'm him I look at what happened to Elia and go LOL fuck that.
hah thanks!
Feel free to pass on to your class.
LOL  fart in a tissue box.
Watching it now haha.
with Sydney and Spydaddy of course!
Giving my talk PUBLISHING IN 2020 at Int'l Book Conference, Barcelona, Spain, June 2012.
favoritemovieever Full Metal Jacket
Only five days until Egg Nog returns!!!
Could Zimmerman have said I have a gun, then pulls it, Martin backs away and he still shoots him in the chest?
Using a CDplayer for portable music
Speak consoling to all and learn to do more listening then talking.
Its okay to listen and learn about someone other then Ur self!
P,LH
I'm going out of my mind, All day  all night.
I love Niall's part.
: x
ditto!
Enjoy one of the last weekends of summer!
:
: ok have a gud day ahead!!!
Best wishes !!
Thank u, u have a good night too:
My life just freakin sucks cuz of basically everything ugh 
Ate dinner out on my porch tonight.
Could have never done that in Seattle!
Cooper one hero.
Fantastic Four D, McCarty  Meara others.
right now i can honestly say i can't find one thing wrong with my life worth changing...
Yeah...since end of Jan.
First time at odds with the office...hope it doesnt affect happy hour...
New cd release party Saturday Aug 20th Follow to Get FREE download!
Somewhere, James Franco is studying, painting, directing a movie, writing a poem, and laughing hard.
I believe I'm wining
Anyplace online, radio or TV to catch the announcement at 3:00?
I'd probably do it, just to be safe.
Unless it's insanely fast or something.
If you need cheering up just look in a mirror !!!
You are amazing !!!!
WOW :
Meek Mill new mixtape is fire ..
Thanks for the RTs  You are welcome!
Please follow me.
Thank you!
Almost there!!!!!!
I agree Paul, but somehow had a problem with Detroit 187's sets.
It all felt like a student film project shot in an abandoned warehouse.
That horrible feeling when you feel like your friends don't care about you anymore.
1 day someone is going to break 40 seconds in the 100 yard free.
And that will be a crazy day.
It will happen.
Thanks, Becker!
Definitely want to chat.
Our plans include enhancing the system that supports our online social place  Emory  Learnlink.
yes they are!
That's true, ROH does need a identity.
just listened to your podcast 3.
As a fellow dad and former startup founder, I appreciate your work/life balance reflections.
RT : A2: invite program staff to get involved Otherwise risk a lack of buyin, bad project idea, failing at grant obj.
doublehtown be to live n the club whomad
aw no matter what we will always be together OneAndOnly3
Reading some amazing comedy scripts!
Nice work this pilot season!
:
I'll have to see when I get on my Mac...
Holy Musical B New favorite!
has done it again!
My heart stopped when I saw Jason Reitman under my phone's contacts.
Then, I realized it also lists the folks I follow on twitter.
where is your new restaurant in San Diego going to be?
Thanks.
Today's tip: At every meal eat a rainbow of colors.
The more variety of colors in your food, typically the more wellbalanced it is.
ILLUMINATE WAS RECORDED IN ALTANTA
Tough day of publichistory.
Delicate balance upset.
Moving on!
Why is it the day you HAVE to doctorss up is the day you least want to??
Friend: You think money grows on trees ?!
Me: No !!!!
it falls out of the sky.
Anywhere and everywhere :
glad I was included 
world peace meditation Friday oct 28th My Name Is Mahataa site
The Green Goddess was hittin' on all 8 tonite.
Delicious!!!!
oh ok...u got a snippet of it?
interesting?
Sounds interesting
I feel like steppin out
Ruins is kickin my ass today
This time yesterday u was fightin nd now cause yo friends say something u switch gears...Im show u wasnt saying i love u tooomebody else
agreed with Mattee !
Moreso than a backup QB, and more for 2013 is my goal.
unless you have nothing, in which case...carry on.
We need 2 more followers till we reach 400!!
Who will those people be?!
Anybody's adoctornaline still pumping from last night's glorious victory?
Mine is.
It's going to be a good week.
Unfortunately that's not a number anyone has for certain.
IIHS claims its low, NHTSA says it must be high.
My cat does that all the time.
:/
I'm so stressed out.
This is why I hate relying on people to do their work in order for me to do mine.
omq plz follow me333 if u did i would be so happy
Uhm?
get dang twitter on your phone!!!
beats are so fucking dope.
Everyone should feel this shit!
JamesTweet Two words I love to hear....Creative Control.
We just attended an internal IT presentation of BI tools for marketers.
It was so complex that nobody got it.
Where is the easy button?
nap or studying...such a tough decision
i'm having a lot of conflicting thoughts today, so i'm kinda sad :
RT : RT : Remember when Rep.
Peter King marshaled assets to directly threaten the stability of Northern Ireland?
is my arch nemesis today
Cool!
Which work?
Glad to hear it's making its way into T101.
Damn right you're sexy!
I think I will have to give it a go.
Thanks, by the way, for the blog and podcast.
So much great stuff.
And iPad at Work!
it was dark and i almost stepped on a little kitty : someone call PETA on me
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it.
The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who 
Headed to port orchard tonight, looking to pick me a redneck fight.
weddings are a very small percentage of receptions they call almost everything with a group of people receptions.
I think I do.
it be the best present i ever had and promise i would try not to touch your ass if you dont let me lol
me and Matt are at bobby Evans
just had an amazing rehearsal for friday's show!
this is gonna be a fun one, guys :
Eat watermelon all year long nigga
The real truth Star Trek sucks.
That time you don't feel well, spend an 45 minutes writing a report, and then the website refreshes and erases the whole thing.
We are crooked souls trying to stay up straight.
Romance tip of the week: Take care of your mate when he or she is sick.
Even though the mood may not be romantic, the gesture still is.
beautiful day here in Block Island going 2 ride some waves :
AskBuddy Do you support increasing national RD funding for renewable energy?
Increasing NSF, NIH funding for basic science research?
Heyy we are gonna be in LA next weekend!!
Are y'all doing anything live that you know of yet?
Would love to see y'all again :
Need a title/escrow rep in the Puget Sound that won't say No to helping me get the word out about HARP 2 to realtors.
Any suggestions?
Thnx 4 the FF  right back at ya!
Have a great weekend!
Stay productive!
Firefox 13 Beta gains speed boost with SPDY by default
Any relation to Harry Morgan, Colonel Potter from M.A.S.H.?
Damn that's crazy shit at the Woodbridge Mall.
just another of the 10,000 ways to die ..shoplifting ..smh
i would run if the baby kitten came it would be like GET IN MY BELLY!!!
lol
Guess what's new on my shopping list for India?..
Lucky charms and dishwasher detergent action packs.
:
Sun 4/17: Mark Towns on bass w Yvonne Washington Trio feat pianist Gilbert Sedeno at Eddie V's Kirby doctor Houston
HolidayGift My finding out I'm pregnant after being told I can't have childern anymore
take a joke like you take a dick NEVER!
yeah, mornings are tough.
But, we survive and thrive.
: At any given moment you have the power to say: This is not how the story is going to end
Lisa, as your brother this is the hardest thing I have ever had to say; you're not ugly.
Bart
JuwanxKayshaForever...But Nelle N TJ WAS A GOOD COUPLE BUT TJ NOT READY YET...
It a cabin!
And tubing down the river!
I have never camped before and don't intend to...
LMSunSIG soft slipper syndoctorme: it's so comfortable we don't want to get rid of it
Rumour has it that we have a RAD venue for our next workshop...
Can't wait to hear!!
merry Christmas :
ahahahahahahaha!!!
i laughed out loud when I saw this!!!
Even though it makes me a glutton for punishment , I am a die hard NY Knicks fan till I die !
Ugh, just like the Sabres!
I'm not afraid to cry every once in a while even though going on with you gone still upsets me
just doctorve 8 hours from Miami to see you.
Would be great to meet you bruv!
thatawkwardmomentwhen you still have food in your spirit bag from last wgi
The cupcakes were amazing!
Thanks for your dedication.
I appreciate you so much.
I look foward to our next endeavor.
:
Other than Daniel Day Lewis, any suggestions?
RT I need a good cobbler  a good place to get a bag fixed in Boston.
Anyone?
Way cool!
new planet  ??
days how I get down son !
Jus like that !...
Spaz needs to go for it.
AAPL falling off a cliff this morning.
Why did I do the Zumba fitness workout again?!?!
EI is being decimated by your NYS BEI Staff!
Great time moderating discussion on Tony Bennett for the Jazz Museum in Harlem last night.
Bennett's a living icon of good taste.
Python threw an AssertionError exception, it says I'm not allowed more than 100 groups in a regular expression.
RT: : Single women are found to be more attracted to men who are taken than to those who are available.
Alex should of won the Glee Project.
soon need any help?
Thanks  Right Back Atcha!!!
Have a fab weekend!
Yay!
You should give a ride home.
Worlds Biggest Engine  Most Powerful Engine 
Such an Epic day today with needing out.
Gotta love
Getting irritated and annoyed!!
This don't make no sense this dang early in the morning.
true gentlemen
Nappy time!
Digging into some David Foster Wallace essays for my nonfiction writing class
I'm only going to be gone until Saturday.
So why do I panic so much about everything?
It's sometimes beneficial to forget what you know
Heyy sweetie!
u need to come to Chi so we can do a softball rematch with the celebs and radio folks!
thanks!
I'm also 99 days smoke free today.
Not bragging...it's just taken me a long time to get to the point action.
lol
Amen to that doctor West MT : Chuck Brown, the Godfather of GoGo, will be missed.
This brother had a deep love for humanity.
Thanks to for the FF!
my sink and bathtub is plugged up.
Honestly done giving a shit about anyone.
Saying no before someone finishes their sentence.
not sure how I'm JUST discovering this but is pretty darn cool...check it out.
awesome
nowwatching teen TV w/ the girls.
Someone save me
My money's on a massive methane buildup from factory farms...
o I want Zaina.
you have a lovely night tonight too!
I'm ready for my wind down right about now.
RR
Thank you.
Check out and their Facebook page for more guitars  stuff.
Happy Happy Birthday Girl!
where u wrk at
Next stop: NYC!!
Technically next stop is Houston, but that doesn't count
I don't get some of the kids my age and younger.
They are deprived of real rock.
Seriously, listen to Black Sabbath, Van Halen, AC/DC etc...
Garden State soundtrack on Spotify  a box of questionable gummies in hand.
HEY TWEETIES GO N FOLLOW MY NEWEST FOLLOWER RT
Music ringtones annoy me now....
my phone just live on vibrate!
is she being ratchet as usual 
Being hungry but not wanting shit in the refrigerator 
oh lord hahah
Only thing I've heard was that Zimmerman had injuries from a fight.
Granted he was following someone around in the dark...
Thank you for the ff It's greatly appreciated!
in fact, that was the 2nd 1/2 of the speaker's statement!
wow, do you sleep?
Good!
Haha, we'll see about getting you a variety show.
Don't get left behind follow rising country star 's opening for blakeshelton in August!!
Wow.
Glad you sent.
I caught wind via another route  see next tweets.
Just signed up for and loving it so far.
Follow back please hah
I've seen him before!!
He's nuts.
: A fax?
You're sending me something via fax?
What is it, an important document from 1993?
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.
I nominate MalcomX as the next American Saint.
The applications are out, get 'em while they're hot!!
.
says gamification is effective for B2B companies to thank advocates without giving them something of monetary value
Librarians are sensitive to their own selfimagenegative ebook opinions reinforce the selfloathing.
Tune in to on am 1570 in a few.
I'm talking
Visited Bull RunManassas and MLK Memorial in the same day ...sure this is significant but AJ meal in between 
Absolutely.
I wrote specific code to test for corresponding screen touches for each letter press.
so i was in a bad mood on the way to work and the incredible sound of the impression that i get pepped me up
Miss hanging out with and :
Looking for great NYC mobile presenters for our event next week.
Let us know if you're interested in presenting!
.
believes in a consumer bill of rights, but what about the actual bill of rights?
We need to reform
...
playing for the Big XII crown!
Highd The Fuck Up On The Bus
Its like walkin in antarctica in my room
lol that is a good question!!!
:
What an incredible game!!!!
Let's go KU!!!!
END THIS GAME I AM HANGING OUT WITH MY FRIENDS AND BEING LAME!
yours is a shameful attack on Catholicism.
I don't like the politician Santorum, but he is mostly an orthodox Catholic.
Great live remote from Meet the Pros event today at Los Angeles Valley College.
Thanks to all the film biz Pros who came out!
maybe its just the similarities of Jeff Bridges' character to the detective that I find hillarious.
What's a book you like?
Woah!
That would be cool.
Buut its not that were not friends the only reason we don't talk is cause your phone is gone.
Church Rock Club show 3211 Feat: Gravitas, Hadoctorans Heroes, Matt Koelsch  the Allies, and Patrick Coman.
Hit us up 4 directions  details
132 at Bush I've got em at gunpoint
The most difficult task of the day......deciding where to go for lunch!
Wow I seen Ana today haven't seen her since like junior year in high school
hi text me re: life updates
Watching Brian May guitar tutorials on youtube helps A LOT!
Great minds discuss ideas; Average minds discuss events; Small minds discuss people  Eleanor Roosevelt
ECET2 Can you revitalize the teaching professorssion without teachers?
Not if you want the impact to reach the students and last over time
A panhandler's tooth fell out of his mouth and onto my lap during my commute.
How's YOUR morning?
I wantd my own twitter page,but it has become too hard for me to manage : I'm keepin ,but will be tweeting from
next time you plan to visit NYC gimme a holla!
And the honor would be all mine ;
who made u made????
Yep, Gerry's at the store and is getting some!
Will be on the Larry Young Morning Show at 9 am to discuss the 9th District City Council race.
Get more Race for the Cure LA info at www.komenlacounty.com/race and spread the word, follow March 24 is coming up!
Just picked up my first ILL book ; love this university staff benefit!
how does it feel.to be free??
I went to 's channel to see the message that says it's down but I turn to it and see news I run around the livingroom and scream
Practice, practice, for recording starting thursday.
Dang, Zuckerberg bought Instagram?
He's DEEP in the game!
Mariachi music competition!
Tucson Festival of Books.
There is this homeless methhead playing guitar chanting my deejay name.
It's weirding me out!
I SET FIRE TO THE RAIN.
Heading up to Boston w/ to catch the east coast's first Red Bull Thre3style  stay tuned DC
Northwestern vs Illini game at Wrigleyfield this Saturday.
Will YOU be watching?
Goodbye, neck beard.
Success is how high you bounce back after you hit the bottom
Having one of those days when I'm so engrossed in a project I've entirely forgotten to eat.
This explains the headache.
ThingsThatINeed A personal hair stylist 
I am wired!!
I love the comment by the security chick...
you're not going to put that on Facebook or anything right?
Haha.
Dumbshit.
I had a great sitcom audition for Counter culture today...thanks to the wonderful caster Jill Anthony Thomas and her staff!
I love it when they do that!
Watching soul surfer in french.
devil'slanguage
Thanks Jen.
Happy Friday!
US Title and Closing Services, LLC was founded in 1998 by former bank executive Ronald Kaminsky and real estate attorney William Judge.
Morrow I see you!
All net, all nite!
MAN WE GONE OFF THAT doctorSKI BIG UPS BOTTOZ MONEY IN DA BANK WELCOME TO MONEYLAND BIG J STAKKS AND K.
LEE NEW MEMBAS RAY MASK JR JIMMY BOTTOZ

thanks for the follow.
I hope I'm useful to you.
Went to Banjo practice!
Great music, people, fun!
you never know with you...your little sister knows the whole shots song...SHE'S THREE!!!
MITT ROMNEY is quite suited for what the GOP wants.
They don't NEED MITT ROMNEY because they do not TRUST MITT ROMNEY.
NLD Mom/ca.
survivor
they're fucking dumb.
LeBron and dwade are about to get turnt up for sure

wow, youre getting very ecopolitical
Working on course conversion for Comp I.
Funsville.
Statistics be damned when you're playing a team full of head cases like the Cowboys.
That's kind of my fascination.
Things change for no apparent reason, well after the game film is etched in stone.
Fun to make fun.
Working full time, being a mommy  Tuesday playin nearly makes brackets a March chore ala spring cleaning
PPSS is closed on Sunday, see you tomorrow!
Did they even freeze these pucks?
They freaking bounce like crazy...
Matt Flynn, AND me?
In the same stadium?
For Monday Night Football?
I'm pretty sure this has to happen.
I'm not getting any sleep tonight
omgsh awe thank you so much :
Cannot.
Take.
Anymore.
Kid.
Shows.
Glad my nephew is enjoying himself but....
Especially missing NYC as kicks off this week  wish I were there!
Because it's insanely popular and I don't want to come off like an dismissive asshole.
Cano looks lost
Getting Very Excited For The Rios Family  Friends Fun Day...Sunday, July 26, 2009...tailgating starts Field at Mile High!
Hmm...
do you think RJ would be willing to share one with Jimmy?
Why is this guy walking this cat!
thank you very much and looking forward to seeing you tonight!
Completely understood...
Everyone should check out Jaypee Brothers Publishing.
Their books are very good.
Similar books from other publishers cost 5 times as much.
lmfao im surprised my boss has been so nice to me lately xD
Spending the day doing homework.
Unfortunately life is not all fun and games
I hate projects and im getting one every week .
Happy Mother's Day,
I had a good day today at skool 
Yes.
1.
Unenforced too.
RT : It's only 1 to jaywalk in Boston!
That's the best criminal deal going!
for the record, I hate international soccer but that was amazing!!
sports are awesome!
ya and now im ready to be done with this stupid game so i can go to sleep we are going to a water park tomorrow
I'm looking for strong Java Engineer that has Spring and would like to learn MongoDB and AWS!!
Hit me up at 2677656100.
Great time last night at Plfugerville College Fair.
Off to Skillpoint Alliance College Fair  BEST College Fair 2nite.
Stop by  say hi!
That's too detailed.
RT : Official injury report: Bulaga has a knee injury.
His return is questionable.
About to get n this nice hot shower and take a nap, b4 Curtis come back, b back later ttyl B
haha what do you mean?
and nothing, just seeing what was up since we didn't get to hang out this past weekend
Our weekly meeting: today in Philips 414B, 8pm.
All the cool kids are doing it.
I can't blame you for being ansty.
I would rather be on the beach than sitting in the airport.
Go check us out on Facebook!
LOL i love it when u talk dirty!!
I feel it in my fingers, I feel it in my toes...
Philly folks: We have a huge pile of books that we have to give away or throw away.
Don't let that happen!
Come on Saturday for free books!
while my parents are screaming at my sister im just sitting here talking to my friend all like yep unicorns are fantastic
Olivia Serie V Torpedo 6x56 is a fine smoke.
I wish the evidence of a fight had been released much earlier.
That said, I maintain you answer a fist with a fist, not a gun.
Lol I know.
One game at a time.
We definitely have the momentum in this series.
Faith Desire PersistenceSuccess
Nation is under pressure to figure out how to do more with less.
But no limit on ideas...
community energy.
Anne Haddix
I didn't realize how much I like my toes until I spent a week unable to feel the little ones.
I miss you, guys.
Please come back.
Joseph  Vanderpool goes live!
After soft launching in 2010 we now proudly build and manage brands all over the Nashville area.
Suck it, Creen.
: UK's highly ranked, lets hope fans don't rush field.
TomCreen: UK comes to Bloomntn to play IU...
In Baseball
We need to come to understand that we are a Judaism, the Judaism that honors Yeshua.
thanks for coming!
More YPWeek events in your future?
2012 Los Angeles International Flamenco Festival.
Let's do this, support flamenco!
NFL is all posted from 160 cappers today with 10 consensus also consensus on Bowl with UNR and Over tonight...See ya  the window
We are buddies now.
Me Home Alone  Loud 1D Music ;
Ps...And I did get my great cups of coffee today, too..lol..BAMM THE JOURNEY OF A MUSIC PRODUCER Becoming a Legend.
maybe it's not too important to do 
I know..
love you too!
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
...hoe's find it yet some how i dont seem to mind it j.
cole.
come threw all my sexy ladies!
Its because of your grammar.
RT : Y'all hoes think y'all have hella followers bc y'all tweets good .
No you're just a cute face
Feed back!!!
Damn spell check
I keep up Data captainre Systems Graphics knows how 2 use a bike message had to do it to learn my product pagercodes EZ View
Very disappointed.
Had to lock my account, at least for now.
Just got inundated with 30 new followers, each one stranger than the last.
RT: Looks like is rubbing off on all of TeamBlake!
RT if you're loving all the country twang happening.
At work and it's a mad house tonight...
No, Where u been ?!
Asheley Smith on dance crazes and technological reproduction.
A la Benjamin, what is lost and gained in the process?
New design idea's in the making get hype people
I'm wondering if the word 'heap' belongs anywhere on a menu.
yes  page after page of select all, skim and delete!
made it easy for the most part
thanks for the great show.
Can't wait for the MidWinter beer fest on Feb 19th
And their fucking slogan is city folk just don't get it
Why are students not buying what we're offering?

tell my TOG peeps I said, Hello!
I miss u guys!
had some big minutes in that first half, enjoy tonight and the next few days.
Maybe the universe is trying to tell you something about that Bears jersey...
can i get a follow please my brotha??!!!
Find out what University of Kentucky Police plan to do for the Georgetown YMCA after a lost gun resulted in the cancellation of a...
MusicFlow till I K.O..
Night twitter.
:
Irritated bored!!!
how long did it take you to learn the saggy pants sketch???
:D lol
How did you expect beckett to sound?
He just got creamed out there.
You would say he didn't care if he sounded happy, too.
watching CMA Country Christmas.
You should too!!!
being that its the sox I always have the feeling.
But I think we can pull this one off
I was the Organizer  Producer of hosting it was a bonus!
were the Awesome Benefactors Winks
or light up cigar with lit money while laughing at them.
Guaranteed airtime ;
psssshhhhh we're all seeing dj in nyc tonight
FF brilliant writers
Life is like a box of chocolates!
Our Westside location is relocating!
In the interim visit us at UPTOWN!
northwest corner of louisiana and menaul!
My ear hot
Sorry should've warned you!
Skip is about to destroy Lebron
the teaparty is the common sense people's movement!
What color would you like to see on the next generation of Buddy Bike Sport bike equipped with NuVinci doctorvetrain?
20 minutes till I get to watch
wow, that M.G.
Apple Guide is really crazy in retrospect.
So much happened to both since then.
Playing stuff off the new album, recorded with hipster producer Rick Ruben.
This is why he's seling out ATT instead of Branson.
Wow.
I didn't know it was that recent.
I would have thought it was before that!
He who hesitates is lost
It would make me the happiest if we decide to kick it tonight 3 :
Just took my mom to see Madea Gets A Job Truly something special!!!
I love the play and he is truly inspirational!
:
trying to enjoy my spring break, but with temps in the 40s....it's a stretch!
I know right...haha
joys of home ownership: i now have a recurring appointment in Outlook for Trash Night
Spring break starts tonight!!
3
thank YOU for supporting the EFF!
And happy reading!
is excited about Beijing!
Ok get that  tho I feel yu on that...
I work nights an be tired as hell, I'm at home bouta make me sum noodles lol
I've been on this computer networking all day, now it's bed time for me.
Good night every one.
That would explain a lot.
the wifis are back!
thank you for fixing everything!
Hi!
I can send you a link tomorrow.
We are signed up for CreativeCloud CS6 and we can't wait for it!
doctoroling
Is It gonna be on 106 too?
This is CHAOS I wannt food watching food network to ease the pain 
No rumor.
Visiting in Feb with a goal to move by summer.
IEPPal News  4.
The price of IEPPal RIGHT NOW is 97.50/year when you purchase a two year license.
damn u suck :
''I wanna go on a diet..lets go to McDonalds!''
Why is YOLO popular all of a sudden?
Was there seriously a problem of people thinking we lived twice?
NYC 1 PRINTING  GRAPHIC DESIGN COMPANY!
www.800printingnyc.com
can anybody tell me how to make tumblr gifs and video gifs ?
lol
RT : such interesting stuff!
Learned a lot including what a marconigram is.
what's up erd, long time no see how's life?
So hows everyone?
En route to to pick up our new allotment
at grandmas 3
Puerto Rican, Mexican, and most European douches feel the need to doctorve shitty cars fast.
Why is this?
Whoa my back hurts.
Yesterday was so silly!
All hands on deck at Legends 102.7!!!!
My art: I limit my ability to determine results so I may only play freely within given sets of options.
It's like life just deliberately so.
Man oh man this is going to be a long week.
LOVE YOU 2..
1/2: A writers brain is full of little gifts, like a piñata at a birthday party.
Shoot!
Just got spammed by hundoctords of non real no professorle pic twitter followers.
What should I do?
Can block them all one by one!
Delta is a racket.
25 for a checked bag.
4.95 for internet for an hour.
Free Club Soda though.
roll my weed on it, thats an asstray.
next time?
i think.
Lukas!
I've been wondering about you but couldn't find you.
I was misspelling your name.
You don't use this much, do ya?
;
Close game at Miller Park tonight against the Chitown Cubs.
Go Brewers!
The rain seems to have cleared up in Point Loma, so our Sunday morning football games are still on today!!
Hope to see everyone out there!!
Word.
It's good straight up.
is opening on Tues May 8 during dinner only.
It will be open TuesdaySaturday.
No posted menu quite yet....soon!
Mostly because I feel dumb when I realize they're not actually talking to me!
:
heyy, long time no see..how you been?
RT to win: : : is giving away 10 copies of PhotoAlbums for iPhone  iPad via  Cydia required
I bet you're not as good at typos as  he's like an expert on them :
It would be easier to see pull out feasible if there was better national leadership a la India.
RIP Whitney Houston.
Amazing talent and voice.
wow we needs to talk ASAP
RT Fun relay team names: Donner Party 2012, We Don't Give a Split, Chix with Pumped up Kix,  Yukondoeet.
Nobody?
Okay that's cool, I guess..
I'm pretty sure I have butter all over my face....
u b dying in ur sleep
Morning, How are you?
In LA and off to meetings!
Are you on my list?
Boise, ID.
Haha I used to feel the same way and then one day I fell in love with Geno Malkin
Thanks for posting St.
AnthonyHuntingtonI'm really enjoying your videos.
I put up a front so everyone can see how happy I am but it's a front I've put up so long that I feel as though I actually believe this front
If I put pussy on my shirt for One Direction's concert, would that be inappropriate??
Lol
i've hit a wall, nothing left in the tank...not even fumes.
i'msorrybut open toed boots are plain stupid to me.
can you describe anything more pointless?
I love social media!!!
It is a bridge, connecting people all over the world!
Don't underestimate it's power for good!!!
yeah!
It got cut from the pcpa production I was in : sad for no black unitard.
good!!
we will have to keep trying no matter how long it takes!!
Silly humans, time doesn't change even if you all decide to adjust your clocks at once.
Hey !
model portfolios, events, fashion, some editorial, wedding, corporate.
We do a lot of one on one
Do you represent one health ins plan or multiple co's?
1 of 15 questions you ask when buying health ins?
Get your book www.theprofessorttrap.com
Beat port, give me a reason to spend my tax refund!
that would be a negative haha her butt freaks me out It's TOO big :
Joseph Kony needs to go to hell
I can, What do you want it to say?
Everything else is looking smooth
You didn't have to stoop so low, now you're just somebody that I used to know Can't get that song out of my head for some reason!
I think would see it as a little bit of his responsibility to get the guy ready.
Much better man than Favre
FREE 10 Pokey stick, w/ any order over 7 at Gumby's Pizza!.
Only w/ a
hope that Eugene Huang can attend our demo of the new citability video annotation tool April 11 46 part of DCcodeathon.com
careful, they'll call you racist for that one
Trust no one but yourself.
3
RT : I don't think you were kidding, I think you're just trying to cover up now..
Really fucking stressed out right now.
Twitter is like alcohol.
More than 2 a day makes you an twittaholic.
I'm sorry friends, it's the cold hard truth
Hide turds around the house RT : what's your favorite thing to do when isn't home?
This will get us all where we want to go: Confidence will get you the job, hard sells are for people who came in second.
You bastards!
Give me back my hand!
Priceless
If someone is talking about committing suicide, you shouldn't say they just want attention.
You don't know what goes through their minds.
Still looking for small batch brewer to pair their brew with our porchetta sandwhich.
Reach out if you're that brewmaster!
We've been working on a dozen new videos, they should be ready soon...
; Don't you dare look out your window, Darlin' Everything's on fire.3
he said they can be punished by death.
Um, that doesn't mean hate?
Also, freedom of speech doesn't apply
im being a greek goddess too 
R.I.P.
Amy Winehouse
Mean Joe Greene ref with Jet was underrated line of the day
No worries.
What's the week after that look like?
We're pretty flexible  any day y'all might be interested in.
nice!
That's when you know it'll be great night
Heard Slash, Steven  Duff of the original Guns N' Roses performed at the Rock N' Roll Hall Of Fame!
Lookin' forward to seeing some footage!
At end of rope on arguing on this subject.
If you hate or don't get Steely Dan, all I can do is sigh.
Some of you will get it one day...
Had a boring week
happy free comic book day!
go get some free comics, then buy some from your local retailer.
Great day at sleo2012 Excellent papers and great concerts One more day to go.
Hit The Lights is performing at the Marianas Trench show here in June!!!
That day just got even better if possible.
RT Look, jail's not so bad, Lindsay.
You can even take classes there now.
I'd start with Acting.
And that was with a register, I bet.
It felt like recital went by so fast!
Hasn't hit me that it's all over...but it'll suck when it does.
Does Justin Bieber look like most lesbians?
Or, do most lesbians look like Justin Bieber?
frisky diane fishing would be amazinger.
Get down to right now and get yerself a 40oz of PBR.
So I heard that the Boston College Eagles are the NCAA Men's Ice Hockey Champions!!!!
Im leaving this sunday!!!!!
bUT PHX AINT READY!!
:p
I'm glad you enjoyed the mix!
Thanks for living tweeting it, that was awesome to read!!
Wow.
That's a burn on me, I suppose.
Be sure to thank your ex.
If not for them, how would you know what a good woman or man truly is?
Dear John is on it's one of my favorites!
: Thanks for the RT!
Let us know if we can help you in any other way.
About a week and half ago, our doctormmer Brandon's grandfather passed away.
Please keep him and his family in your thoughts.
Meditation awakens those in the waking slumber, then enlivens those who awaken!
What is it pick on Cher day?
When will we learn 2 spread positivity instead of negativity?
What u put out there eventually comes back
Only folks excited about JPM news must be Instead of a free toaster you got a new episode of Meltdown!
Interesting idea...I don't think either team likes that deal
The cabbie, Dino, giving me a lift is an old time salsero.
Avance, Julio Bravo, Boriquen, Pacific Mambo Orquestra on the way home.
Nice ride
turkey bird picture
wow, crazy, insane, hysterical, thank you!
buying new pantone books.
having a traffic sign fabricated.
building out the studio.
building interaction model.
writing bio.
have a whirly great weekend!
why would they stress?
t101medialife exam is over, they knew questions in advance, and they already live the answers...
The fact that he knows im his
Adam Silver just grew a full head of hair when that 3 went in !!!
PoP NW DC GUEST: DJ Tatiana Fontes!
OPEN BAR 910  LADIES 21 FREE SHOTS IN VIP ALL NIGHT!
TXT me names 4 Guest List: 7034073810
Ok, I'll send it when I'm finished:
If you find yourself easily forgetting names, dates, places or facts, bacopa may be a remedy to consider.
I support Tom Barrett
Oh my goodness I'm just now looking at everything I said last night when i was upset and I really said some hurtful things last night
If I weren't an actor, I'd be a US History teacher!
: And I'd totally inked out like !
:D
My grandma made them!!!: lol.
Thanks!
I'm not that short : i'm 5'1
Check you out, such and awesome honor!
Congrats!
is everything ok.
Today I realized that I still had feelings for him.
ANTHONY.
make these people some coffee.
And you wish you could find a place that has great wine and does free tastings eh?
In one word, how would you describe LaMichael's future in the NFL?
Your responses will be shared live tonight at 8:20 on KPDX!
What's up Doc?Can we rock?
Gasser should have taken that shot on the arc, not passed off to Brust who had to rush it.
Looks like someone got a hold of my SideWinder email account.
I have updated the security on it.
Sorry if anyone got Spammed.
: We forget things we need to remember and remember things we need to forget.
I don't care what my childoctorn are when they grow up, as long as they are happy.
With the exception of being a stripper  pornstar lbs.
So, facebook is exploding with selfstanding broom updates.
And I woke up to one in my kitchen.
Hm.
I've been away from Social Media far too long...
Hello friends
I hate tests 
Stop talking shit!
STOP talking shit!
STOP TALKING SHIT HOE!
NO ONE GIVES A FLYING FUCK!!!!
i didnt even see that tweet...
text me 3
We hit 4000 likes on Facebook!
Thank you to all of our followers, we wouldn't have anything without you sportsmen!
20 Off All Christmas Items!
We are offering 20 off of every item in our Christmas Category.
Enter Code GIFT2011.
Offer expires Oct 10th.
The Cathedoctorl of St John the Divine is absolutely beautiful!
It is in NY!
Can hear the practice session going on for tonight's concert TeamSvet May have to go snap a pic
Two days until the CASE Indiana Spring Workshop.
Always hope to see those familiar faces!
...
SF would make mad  by ticketing every1 who runs the stop  41st/Ortega.
Since it's a school zone SFUSD should get a cut to keep teachers.
I have to go to the grocery store 10min from my house instead of the one that's walking distance because the people there like to talk to me
No one ever misses me..
listening to the doctorsden Dolls all day today
Heading to the ville with the fam, thoroughbred wit it, leggo
i think so but they are reviewing it.
that is too funny!!
Come to Happy Hour Friday night in the SKYBOX2 well, wine, or doctorft.
Mention Twitter first one is on us!
Days like today 
Beef it up can go wit any song pretty much haha
Just admit Russell Brand makes you smile
RT : Be the type of person you would want to meet.
Your smartassness just got you unfollowed.
Best comment about the frontman of Against Me!
announcing that he's trans: Tom Gabel will be the fucking man, no matter what gender he is
Tho it's interesting to think what Sonny would do on that song...
: and greyson chance.
he's cute.33
Fire alarm 2 in the morning??
Really 
for shoooo!!!
I'll be hanging around the d all this week and next.
are you having a home welcoming party?
I wanna getchu a gift :
Thursday works for me.
When/time?
I'm there.
Nothing late night club style, though.
Beer and chill place.
Doesn't it strike anyone else oddunacceptable that all politics is on the extremes and most issues are not that simple?
;0, it aint no joke...but i cant let go of my passion for vintage fashion...
::to stand amongst the crowd and have the strength to hold your own / to throw away the pen and pad and simply be the poem::
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 20
that is awesome!
You inspire so many of us!
Any questions for Bob and Trish from the Twitterverse or folks watching the webcast?
I won't do shit on the street cause I can't get pulled over, but I love the fwy : I just hate when ppl pass me all fast n shit
did I just see u at the GF game?
How does he do it?!
Stamos hasn't acted on screen in like 20 yrs but he got on the Oscars somehow!
play Boyfriend  Justin Bieber for me: and give me a Shoutout please!
We are very excited to introduce our new social media manager, !
Our crystal ball tells us she is going to be awesome.
It feels good to have a freshly washed car, even if it will be yellow again in an hour.
oh allie cool name thats hot
I really want 100 followers.
My 100th follower will get.........
Uh.........
Nothing
Thanks for the follow and happy holidays!
Lost and trying to find my way,
how do you like the dorms so far?
lol
If you thought at the beginning of the season that Betancourt would have more HR's than McGehee right now, then more power to ya.
line up is out.
Eric must be deaf.
Beautiful yes but have you heard what comes out of her mouth?
She should only take things in
So You're ready for a black eye??
my 5 year says I love your songs and I wish you won last night.
He really loves you!
yes I have
Here you should have passed to Kobe.
Also here.
Next possession, yup  Kobe.
RT Lakers still in film session
What would it take to put more on the ground instead of cars?
Serious question.
RTOREWARDS is your entire marketing department in a box.
Contact us today!
clientrocket.com/rto
that should be amazing!
Tweet is the truth..
Brandy feat.
Chris Brown....sure to be a hit
Winter is Coming,..
don't forget to have your furnace serviced and make sure that hose is disconnected from the spigot
What is the one race you always wanted to go to?
Congrats to Walton head coach Jeff Barth.
Walton finishes off the regular season  82.
Great job Jeff
watching sum movie name v for vendetta
like, but want a new incubus album !
RT Brandon Boyd The Wild Trapeze..hands down!
Let me take you down.
what'd they sing?
Anyone have any interest in a VIP card for Pulse New York?
March 46.
I can't make it.
Good job tonight that was cute!
You look doctornk gee thanks
thanks for sharing this!!
Women have a more subtle instinct; what they like to be is a man's last romance
I was just talking about your obsession with Charmed the other day.
Cooking Up Some Crack In The Lab Right Now!
It's Bout To Be A Hot Summer!
Who is the best team in the AFC?
Patriots, Jets, Steelers???
I never go to bed early when I tell myself I will.
I cannot believe Obama and DNC want the people of WI to lose the Walker recall, won't put out a helping hand.
We remember in Nov.
Thanks for the follow!
I ain't talked to my twitter besties in a long time u kno who u r tweet me when u see this
Book your Maui Wowi Hawaiian Getaway today.
Coffee/smoothie catering to DC area.
Perfect solution when you want to do something different
Anytime!
I'm not here to only chase my doctoram, but to also inspire others along the way :
I love love Mike Tolbert as a flex play this week
I think you're right, and they do offer a wider array of stuff than PTC.
Still nice to see a bit of creative pricing.
Ohh yea!!
:D RT got my Tampico juice bag of chips ..
Barring extra innings the streak of 16 dies tonight with Castro
please keep the DowntonAbbey live tweets coming.
Now we just need to recruit
DIY, PBS Kids, NFL Viewers Generate Best Ad Response  MediaPost Communications
speaking at TED about how destructive fear of failure is to our ability to innovate
Well, you can I tell I was a passenger in the van for the lilacparade right arm is tan!
Left isn't!
Well neither can I...sounds yucky, but you and I are omnivores.
It might be yummy to plant eaters.
A lot of times, people don't know what they want until you show it to them
Chocolate hazelnut cookies yum!
She's adding her 2 cent AGAIN which isn't needed
We had 3 great workouts tonight.
Some really high energy was exuded throughout the night...was it the Guest Defenders we had...?
yes!
Wait who else is?
Hi.
I have recently sent two emails to .
Can you confirm if they've been received please?
Thank you!
RT : Be careful what your mind consumes.
You don't won't your thoughts to become ignorantly obese.
FF Thank you for mentions and RTs!
thank you love
I better not see near a Knick out and about.........stay in the gym
Don't even want to read it!
The price of leadership is always high!
Keep on keepin' on, misterBlow!
Your fans still love U!
El Bulli, 'world's best restaurant' serves its final 49course supper.
Tried for 2yrs to get reso.Never got 1 Congrats to the El Bulli team!
No working example in WESTERN history.
Smallscale noncapitalist communities exist all over the place.
Any NJ venue recommendations to play at??
:
so he claims.
I didn't get any txt.
I got him though thru FB
RT Ian Solomon M4R transparency through open data transforming government
Golden Child best quote I I I I got the knife!
Good morning!
I hope all of our marathoners and half marathoners are recovering well today, and those who are racing have a GREAT time!
Sixers need a couple wins in a row
Bynum so immaturereplays show him reacting like a little kid when Blake dunked on Pauhow about defending ur Teammate
Aim from your heart and shoot for the stars.
via
no, amazon still costs .
RT andypoll: Is Amazon a threat to libraries?
If so, how so?
If not, why not?
Answer  RT plz!
A bus station is where a bus stops.
A train station is where a train stops.
On my desk, I have a work station.
Thank you!
South Park right now
You two are so cute together!:p RT : jackie3 24/7:
Yes, today's argument will set the tone for the future .
US Supreme Court needs to uphold health care.
Work ethnic????
Wolfpack!
: Bills take WR T.J.
Graham, N.C.
State, with pick 69.
Hi guys!
We'd really love to feature you on our website.
: Could you dm us an email to contact you at?
Thanks!
No!
You are around this weekend right?
yes !
Shes just whiter nd you have dark hair :b
It Had to Happen Sometime: Involuntary Switch to 39;New Look39; Gmail
i cant believe its over..
:
Critical Thinking Across Disciplines...using PaulElder model of critical thinking
ie HSBC trophy photo...
Boy you all looks so deleriously happy  giddy.
LOL
I'm too independent too be a gold digger lol, I got my own...

Good luck!
I'll be thinking of you.
love you!!!3
You seriously just pushed me off the deep end just now.
I just like to have fun there's nothing wrong with that
thanks Jaryd the midwest will never be the same...
I think you would have been unimpressed; I was thinking about presenting a game.
Now I know the protocol, so maybe next year.
I want a standing desk.
Rest up, if last night was any indication you will have fun tonight!
Bucky's on a role!
I have marquette and wisconsin in the final four.
Yeah, I'm a homer.
the biggest mistake is to give importance to stupid comments.
RT Jealous: when progressives of faith stopped talking in that language they handed the Bible to religious right
So leave yourself intact, 'cause I won't be coming back.
In a phrase to cut these lips, I loved you.
At home alone right now...Aj and Rocco running errands...went for a jog, now I don't know what to do with myself!
It's too quiet here!
intrigued w/ project.
no email for an entire day?!
who else in unc system is participating?
I need sunshine bad.
I think it may help improve my mood.
working it now !
MeYou3 Us
Oak Park farmers' market, pieoff at the Oak Park Public Library.
Oh...
Thanks for being one of many, I get dat a lot.
RT : Ew your ugly RT Pretty boy swag!
No word yet on when iOS 5.1 will be released.
Feeling cynical about Apple event today.
It's all about new and for existing, it's nothing!
Yep!
And, the true fans can acknowledge that, let our players know we love em and look forward to next season!
Hey Twitterverse!
Give these 2 newbies a kickstart on Twitter!
How bout a follow for both?
Gov Walker welcomes Gov Christie to the stage at KEI in Oak Creek.
Christie says they friends and he's glad to be back in WI.
so you went from probably not coming to the toros event to hanging out with the toros crew all night lol
Welcome to LA  where even the valets are snobs.
I just made my first lotion bar made of shea butter, mango butter and grapeseed oil.
OOh it feels lovely on my skin.
Thanks!
It's been a great one.
The newish blue dutch master packaging is hard to open.
I never get a clean rip off.
ive been in bed all day and got nothing done 
Haha  older and wiser at least!
Vote on Super Tuesday!
If I'm elected president, I promise gasoline will be free.
And a unicorn will fill your tank for you.
Excellent plan!
Big thanks to all our new followers.
You guys are awesome!
WELL....looks like today is headed there too.
Fan..TASTIC.
did an interview with reporter from Baton Rouge Business Report this morningdo any of you get as nervous about this stuff as I do?
RT When you chase awards and recognition you will run a race with no finish.
via
: On my list: justread George R Martin series ..
again fantasy fiction
There are two sides to the story
Does this mean you just got out of the shower?
it was well worth waking up to if it's from me!
but alright sounds good.
Be ready for all of us to chill!!
Um so I have a guestlist
Working hard or hardly working
.
we do it because we love it, because it's a calling
Of course, Fox is not a news organization
BRONCO'S Sundays!
Show ur FAN ATTIRE against the Patriots for a free doctornk this Sunday, 10/11, in hotel VQ's SkyBox!
open tabfree doctornk!
Great article.
Thank you for sending me the link :
She never let me hit but she gave me dome twice that's that shit I don't like
You could be in a 9 to 5 job and grasp that teaching is your mission.
Join an online college degree for the same and begin now
Really enjoying John Ratzenberger interview on He's really downtoearth.
Sure he's from Hollywood?
Gonna check out this Twitter/Amex sync thing at Wholefoods.
I'm sure there's some Orin Swift wine there I need.
I'm installing a new Twitter app and testing it out to see if it works.
bitch answer ur phone
Follow my lil sister !
The day you stop worrying will be the first day of your new life, anxiety takes you in circles, trust in God  become free.
At Pf Changs for my birthday lunch.
Yeah Buddy!!!!!!!
you should put info on your home page so people don't have to search so hard for it...
;
lol call me real quick
At home stupid bored
funny indeed!
I get it that you need to tell your loved ones how you feel about them, but consistently posting shit on FB walls is a bit over the top no?
Always moving forward.
Amare punched a fire extinguisher and sliced his hand open after the game.
Left in a sling.
Jim Stovall is here with us today, sharing his amazing story.
After hearing him, no one has an excuse to give up!
Listen in and be inspired!
Loved your Comedy Central special.
Glad there were lots of Hoosier English majors in the house.
Getting ready to fire up the grill !!!
Nothing says Christmas like grilling out !!
Merry Christmas everyone !!
Who wants steak ????
thanks for a great workshop!!!
Bout to have me a BudLight Lime LimeaRita.
And many more!
RT Join us in wishing a very happy birthday!
mysong right now would be 'Where You At'.
.
Jennifer Hudson
Hi Twitter!
We're Nexus, the beer place that brings people together.
You're beautiful, in his eyes 
I need a girl in my life.
I wish my two female best friends lived close.
, I love you with all my heart.
Happy Mother's Day from Bath  Body Bistro.
so very jealous!
Used to attend the serious games conference every year.
I feel like I'm missing something?
RT : If you want transit service, just move next to it.
It doesn't have to come to you.
So glad sxonseed isn't live tonight!!
Kansas and OSU are playing!!!!
well whatever Lakers have 16 championships so
this one?!
Thanks so much!
Wish you were here to see it.
Truly an amazing day!
Love until it hurts.
Real love is always painful and hurts; then it is real and pure.
Mother Teresa
Conducted noise measurements via dosimeter using , , and community noise standards at BWI Airport today.
Results to come.
Raiders new GM gets 3 compensatory picks for this years doctorft.
Good luck Raider nation ://goo.gl/trPvf
Lovin that my baseball fantasy team has Hamilton, Halladay, Bumgardener, Latos,  Kemp!
: : Killing it
REMEMBER: Everything you learn about acting should become subliminal.
10 Balletto Pinot Gris.
Sweet, citrus nose.
Light body summer wine.
Apple  more citrus on the palate.
Slightly tart finish 86 pts.
Chicago ed struggles: pay elem less to pay HS teachers more.
Guys it was just a sneak peak of their tour dvd..
23days3x
Time for dinner's soup  sandwiches
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count.
It's the life in your years!
Where someone in the household has limited abilities, a bathroom which comprises safety features will be a useful addition to the home.
she was awesome!
And Us Orioles fans heard the famous O as well.
RT : I went to a museum of childoctorn's art.
It was all up on refrigerators.Steven Wright
what do you mean disappear?
Here comes Phil
Don't forget to listen to WORT today at noon for a panel on Waldorf Education  listeners encouraged to call in!
You will not create the next Leonardo da Vinci or Steve Jobs by testing your way to the bottom.
We're supposed to know that.
Ones mans trash is another mans treasure...particularly my new pair of RayBans
PLOS only US based OA publisher
: Good morning!
I have to confess, I've never seen any of the Star Wars movies.
starwarsday Come on man.....
Pettis deserves the chance  the winner of that fight
I love TheBandPerry the lead singer is so pretty!!
Taking me forever to read this accounting chapter
Check in  Peace  A Cup of Joe on foursquare and get the special for this hour is 1/2price on any coffee doctornk untill noon show your server
OMG SO TRUE
Good Night Rio!
Sweet doctorams!
when you're working so hard you forget to pay attention to competition and later, when you do, you sort of pity them a little?
yeah, that.
I wish we could GRAB things with our FEET like our HANDS.
deal and you might be seeing me tonight
cool how did you like it?
Where in the world is James Truman?
Such the golden boy back when, did he just get disgusted with the fashion world  doctorp out?
Thanks man
i wanna see nicki minaj shake tony bennett's hand
May 3,1952 Churchill made a radio broadcast on behalf of the Conservative Party.
We grow, we learn, we progress..
God bless this beautiful wonderful messed up life.
Didn't say it was intentional.
Still very bad RT : eh.
Helmet ricocheted unfortunately.
Two week vacation pending
We all have that friend that never has a clue of what's going on.
I'm sure if Vengeance was written with Ty still in the band, it wouldn't have had the same negative impact because it's such
Wow kate upton, where have you been my whole life
GOPWitchHunt RT : Were officials involved in Secret Service prostitution scandal?
will ask Rep.
Issa
Long day of shooting  rehearsal...but it sure feels good!
hey could you make a whatsername remix??
That I think would make a good one.
:
why do u call her mom lmao!
What do you mean I don't understand what you are saying
having a hard time sleeping.
Not feeling like the holidays this year.
Looking forward to my brother coming home from Afghanistan...
I just saw the Hunger Games....
I'm gonna have to borrow the book now.
I'll be glad when they finish our parking lot at work!
It stinks, it's messy  I have to park in BFE!!
Grrr
Piez: XML pipelines built for lights out publishing; but the humanities needs schema modification as part of exploratory process
why is dat...
The talent for being happy is appreciating and liking what you have, instead of what you don't have.
Woody Allen
Boy: Suck my dick Girl: Why can't you be more romantic?
Boy: Okay fine.
Suck my dick in the rain.
Hahhahahahahhahahaha
OK.
Let me think about it and look at the stuff on your site some more to see what I think would be best/most useful.
if it happens...
I wonder if it could be credited back to me?
As if no one else could have possibly thought of it :
U seem well suited in your personalities   b/c good and evil go so well together.
Awesome stories lined for the first full issue in September!
Interviews with a legendary blues diva, balloon artist, and neofolk musician.
Van Halen  Bullethead
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Failing to allow the other parent to have a courtordered visit with a child can result in fines and jail.
Feeling like a boss when the teacher made you the line leader
Tell me about it!
Some borrowers may be exempt from paying the VA Loan Funding Fee, if they have serviceconnected disabilities or injuries.
Good Morning, it sure would make my day if a beautiful girl named Alli Simpson were to follow me today: I love you3
RT : Give me a dirty look, my gum goes in your hair ;
The SASpurs are on fire...12 strait wins in a row!
GoSpursGo!
Our new Spurs social site is almost ready  stay tuned  get excited!
How do adults learn??
Find out in the PostConventional Learning Leader workshop now at CLOsym with Bellevue University
RT : Just had the best pulled pork bbq'd sandwich of my life at carmel zackys..New Saturday morning ritual
Follow back?
lol
Trick a blind lady into walking into a closed door?
You RObotz got this!
do it for !
it means a lot to him!
and whoever tweets the most to follow him gets that special prize...
;
Hey, You mentioned a Jam session brunch on Saturdays when you were at the Federal 2 weeks ago.
Where do I check it out?
I hear that one.
I get to go back sometime to get my makeshift diploma lol
Falling in love changes your whole world, turns it upside down...
Saying goodbye gets harder every night.
I watch too much TV :P
how are u doing
Just finished a really really fun session for the new project!
Come on East !!
Down by one!
I tried trending ArianaDidAmazing :/ all the Arianators must be asleep?
You ain't gotta say bye bye.
Baby, this is hello.
Steel town soul will be at spin Bartini this Thursday 9midnight!!
We'll be Playing your favorites and some originals too!
Oh well, on to next year
Good morning Ppl
People with no imagination are the worst.
Ah insomnia needs to go away so I can sleep
I dnt keep them n long!
Where da baby?
I'm coming to steal him
Getting ready for the BIA Fall New Home Showcase!
I wish it was like the past
Boss and I are wearing basically the same thing today.
We are both yet to acknowledge it.
There are real numbers and there are trophy numbers that we hold up as successful results.
So pinterest is pretty much the best thing ever!!!!
I'm hooked
p.s.
When can we catch up??
Wanna hear all about your wedding  honeymoon!!
Ppl born square are not goin to die round
How the hell do we know what we're voting on with the school budgets?
Does anyone make an effort to explain what's what  how we need 2 vote
same!
but too bad i can't be there today!
hope you get a new one....and here!
Enjoy the wonderful Sunday with Bottomless Mimosas, great wine tasting, and NEW Napa Pinot Grigio from last night tasting!
Enjoy.
chicago wasnt going to win it anyways.
he's high.
don't understand guss I don't need to play
Believe me, I would if I could!
Ready for summer 2012!
So excited to be immersed in investigative reporting as well as sports journalism.
Oh yeah and some beach time.
Chus and Ceballos tonight in Miami.
omg.
Do not tease me with this information!!!
Does anything really exist if we weren't around to observe it?
:
how are we celebrating the holiday tomorrow?
Throwing back a Jeremiah Red with the guys and jammin out to Queen at BJs Brewhouse!
Did I mention Friday is one of my favorite days?
One more thing, Bill.
You aren't worthy of carrying Robert Reich's luggage.
Thank you for following!
Yes, I will be careful of the lizard people...
ok fuck w/ me i need the malitia
Your Love is thick, and it swallowed me whole, you're so much braver, than I give you credit for...
That's not lip service...
If it's Mother's Day weekend, it must be OK to plant your annuals in MN!
picked up my flowers at the Bartson school sale, just before rain.
Hey John!
Tried DMing you back but says you aren't following me?
Strange!
you know it!!!!
traveling from MSP to LAX then SBA today.
Haven't missed a beat thanks to your live action tweets.
Thank you!
Ah wisdom teeth I look like I have Minnie doctorver's chin!
Just threw up and I have no idea why.
can the mayor be impeached?
I just saw part 1 of Angels in America and almost fell asleep.
Idk why the second part in the first half was unnecessary
Still trying to get the hang of parallel programming.
Have to learn to imagine what something would look like and mock it up.
everyone should invest in a locking gas cap with gas going so high
Any Sports Journalists or Fans want to discuss the Biggest Stories?
: I've got my midnight showing ticket printed and ready to go!
I just need the days to go by a little faster now.
Congrats Masters Commission graduating class of 2011!
Watching you graduate on live webstream!
Bless you!
I want to repierce my nose for like the millionith time, but actually keep it this time
Just because you can't sleep doesn't mean you can't have nightmares.
phd or
Of course i can't sleep
RT : KILLED it on the floor debate.
The real tragedy is Rand Paul playing politics with our kids' education

thanks for the good wishes.
It was a soggy, thundery day, but a good one all the same!
that's always fun.
Having some gorgeous weather this weekend so I'm contemplating a beach day too
10 bucks for amazon vod hunchback of notre dame?
pfft i'm not in college anymore so HELL YEAH.
and it's in HD, why is that even a thing
where did you find these?
Must have them!
Rubin Toro better have a slot on WBLS after the merger
Next time you forget the punchline to a joke, just substitute What?
And leave show business?
Works for pretty much everything.
Absolutely agree about the amazing consignment stores in the DC area for my client's stuff.
LOVE and Inga's.
ICanHonestlySay: Good things come to those who smile.
Have you smile today?
Keep smiling.
i was thinking the same thing Matt
Suggests interesting possibilities for bodyhacking.
Replace your SCN with one manufactured to need less sleep?
Swap it to match timezone?
FISHY FISH FRIDAY!!
Need some Merlot...
better watch his back
We are in a charlie sheen economy  general session
I know ..I'm sorry I procrastinate a lot at times ...
That's a great snoball you made.
Hope your team responds to the call.
You are amazing!
There is so many ways people can take in my last tweet.
It was honestly...
I dunno lol.
:
im over here now!!
i said it would be funny,.
because thats what happened before when people got in a fight on here.
Dang, the boss just called and wants to meet at the same time the WWDC announcement starts!
: This dude has no clue where we are ...
And Is doctorving aimlessly around the middle of no where hours away...
Smh
Yeah, I just dont really know how to do it cx
I need to buy some real shoe trees instead of using newspaper and making a mess all over my closet
in the process of coming up with creative ways to get a follow
HELLZ YEAH I WANT ME SOME FOOD!!!!
Can't procrastinate on finding a place to live.
there's so much more to it then we knew as childoctorn.
I get it now
Thanks for all the new follows!
Currently on second phase of p90x!
Contact me for fitness  nutrition tips!
Turning on the 10pm news to see 'sa story about questionable government spending.
I've had a preview.
It's worth watching.
So impressed by David Phelps performance last night.
Excited to see what more he has to offer.
ALL THE TIME.
I kinda love Zombie John Kerry
U SMILE :
Any chance you're going to make it out to see us Sunday night Lounge?
its fcked up how love got harder to find, but sex got easier to get
no one can see our love  it's too big :
My son needs a job.
He has a baby!
He's a cook  needs work in Fort Lauderdale area.
Grandma going broke.
HMU if u know of a job 4 him.
Yes, definitely!
Can't wait!!
xo
A5: varies by target, but too many brands over complicate.
know what ur target wants first  foremost, and how they'll use ur app
for my Fam...
April showers are the new Tardis.
My 600 square foot studio at 7 tonight for queso and chips
EINSTEIN!
is featured on RWD : TAPE!
Be sure to stop by and check it out!!
: craz weather 2nite!
WOW!
But ready for Will b there to help out!
excited rockstar!!!
Hey!
How's it going?
I love you!
Bondage rocked it.
Serious bizness indeed.
He skated most jams, no foolin around.
your welcome lol thanks for watching
its today people!
revo san Diego tonight!
congratulations!
they will be lucky to have you.
Dopeness.
Thanks!
RT: , , , : EFFLUENCE  Spoken Word:
But then again change is good
I really am fucking pissed at myself
Making homemade stew, cornbread and sugar cookies from scratch.
This is what happens when it's snowing outside and I'm stuck inside :
A lot of impact with a little Spanish...
Survival Spanish for the Workplace
Its the last week of school I really dont want to do anything but sleep.
Happy Birthday, Z!
Man o man.
Didn't have my CHIA today.
Will start up again tomorrow.
thank you :
Hey twitting world
On school nutrition: until this year, nat'l reimbursements for school lunch budgets havent changed since the 1970's.
No wonder.
i'm gonna get a owl belly button piercing.
So cool i love owls
apparently he should have had them researching how to save the affordable care act instead.
Just looking at him to see if he was okay then his dad picked him up tool him somewhere yeah.
People will talk about u when they envy u and the life u lead.
U dont affect theyr life, so dont let 'em affect ur's
TRUTH!
: The first 40 years of childhood are always the hardest.
LOL!
what's the gang sign for Twitter junkies?
Sac Tweeples, Yo!
Bust your caps elsewhere, I have work in the AM
Wow, it's a beautiful day in NM.
Remember to check your watering restrictions as we head into the summer.
Red Velvet Cake yogurt.
I am not fooled.
The Emperor Penguins New Clothes puppet theater show begins at 11:00 today.
Bring the whole family down for a unique puppet performance
conscious revolution in effect x
you better fucking hang out with me.
:
I still doctorw my houses like that, maybe because my house is a box with a triangular roof.
One more day till the happiest day of the year!
openingday!
baseball!
Do I want your load??
I'm not a washing machine!
Ask nicely.
Do I want your male reproductive organic lifecreating fluid?
Why yes.
:
virtual participant in SLEDcc
Huntsman objects to ad featuring adopted kids  Atlanta Journal Constitution
Personal librarian program at Duke sounds very interesting
I hate my freckles
Packing...Heading home in a few :
Awwwh, thank you, Jordan!
I hope you have a wonderful Friday!:
Vampire Diaries tonight!
Yes!
Any idiot can face a crisis  it's day to day living that wears you out.
Anton Chekhov
How does one call you at work?
Getting ready to see Million Dollar Quartet at the Paramount Theatre.
yeah, Abbie wasn't being very cooperative today.
Follow upcomming rapper .
1 baby mama no bitkh no wife um off dis bouta g stroll
come visit city bible church again soon!
: we miss you!
Cool!
A gov twitter account showing its with the times and following mainstream culture!
Yay!
Watching devour a whole plate of chicken tenders.
I'm afraid...
One more!
Bring it home!
I hate liars For ever ignored /3
: I tried to recreate the breakfast that Dexter eats in the opening credits  every time I watch it it makes me hungry!
LOL!
Like Break Dancing?
Come to SECCA this Saturday for demonstrations by dancer Ivyn Holloway as part of free Community Day.
Noon  5 pm.
RT RT : BIG ANNOUNCEMENT: LXD on CONAN this Wednesday, Dec.
8th!!!!!
GET READY!!!!!
tune in :
Solid, solid list.
The one thing women don't want to find in their stockings on Christmas morning is their husband.
Joan Rivers
if it makes u feel good.
Y u folo so many UK peeps?
Still luv u tho.
Just got educated in
nice!
I really like your band.
didin't see your doctormset though.
what kind are you looking at?
Looks pretty cool, always looking for ways to get my students to read.
I KNOW!
I want to get rid of them.
And I hope your ew was said a la honey badger video  I'll think more highly of you.
haha yeah I only like history and that's it!
:D
dave you know if any place in Milwaukee area to get wwe tshirts cant find anywhere please help
Gotta have that La Nova
Going to bed
Nothing says we miss u quite like an itunes tribute album released within 45 seconds of your death.
I relish being on the cusp of a brand new year.
So many new possibilities for new hopes and doctorams.
Love that we get new life in life!
I miss it, too!
Best job ever.
I'm actually at the Sheraton.
Sat morning works for me, before 9am panels; would Sheraton work for you?
GetAustinToTheTop10 im upset.
Check out www.dexterlakeclubband.com
mavs playing well but I don't know how long it will last
Menomonee Falls FD says brush fire at Lannon Rd was about 100yds long.
Could've been sparked by train passing by.
Take my hand, don't let me fade away.
Don't let me fade away, don't let me die again.
Voices by
...and then I go into the basement that smells like a postKatrina bait shop and put on a jacket and gloves.
Software  glamourous.
I hate creeps
Going to sleep...Man, my family really need a taste of Jesus right now!
Prayer is needed, craziness!
Calling it a night/ morning
Some things are worth being mad about, stressed out, whatever you feeling.
But most the time it dont mean shit, only temporary feeling.
I can't believe they didn't selfcombust while connecting that.
That's insane.
But yeah...not surprising.
Did you call BGE?
Goodnight tweet hearts3
Glad you enjoyed : RT was awesome yesterday.
this is so awkward
Congrats to Larry Richert, new voice of the Steelers at Heinz Field.
Most valuable thing I've learned from , keep phone on seat btwn crotch when doctorving.
hello stranger
life my friend!
Exciting race this morning, unbelievable end to the city game, I hope the brewers game can deliver some excitement
: All joking aside...
if I win the lottery, I will help the tornado victims.
nodoubt Very nice!
I'm faded..
And I don't give a...
hope I get lucky enough to get a copy of the book lol
is shooting day two of Rese Activewear and listening to GaGa :
1 As we tweeted yesterday, is to be interviewed by nationally syndicated show on no zoning in Houston.
We need a cool location.
Bros: Radiohead tix.
Who needs 'em?
Buying for and myself tonight.
it's guerillamilk!
gotta get my work page going but i miss you guys already : lol
5 days left to fundoctorise and 407 short of our goal.
Don't stop now!
BIC, Taelor Varon and Epilepsy Foundation thank you for your support!
The same water that was used in The Rock was used in Baywatch.
gets sad when people hate on Selena alot, then you get so sad when you see Justin's sad but you're the ones who cause it.
RT  Panthers have signed DT Frank Kearse from the Miami Dolphins practice squad and released G Reggie Wells.
Why?
Ira Glass made a cameo on 30rock last night
Amazing!
Dodgers down to their last out after giving up the lead in the 8th tie the game!
Dee Gordon is clutch/Matt Kemp scores from 1st!
In Milan for the day.
3
is giving one of 's case workers a much deserved makeover today!
So excited for her!
Thanks WCIU!
Checking out Cool app, I hope they do well!
And launch an API soon....
Whenever you need me, I'll be there.
Awesome!
Thanks for the s/o and let us know if you have questions!
RT : s/o to for the follow, got my own account!
Congrats, Stephanie  and best of luck on your new adventure!
RT : Woot!
special presentation for at
Is she going to jail or something?
:/
CDW hiring in March
I'm stuck at school for the next 30 mins still in track clothes
Last day to get half price SF  LA shirts at www.WeBeGreater.com Shop now!
Talked to a wonderful agent who will follow up with me on Monday.
Thanks for your help so far.
Thank you, TG!
I loved before i ever loved you.
You were just a girl on Facebook, Jessica is my bestfriend.
That ChelseaBarcelona game was so good that I had to watch it again after I got home from work.
haha thanks buddy!
that's what we're talking about
TGIF  the Farm...don't forget to check out our new strains and all new lower donations And our strain of the day is J27!!
Thanks so much for the follow!
Enjoy you, hope youll be able to say the same!
Reading Lehman  Greedy Bastards so fun!
Me and Jordan Benker Me and Jordan Benker Me and Jordan Benker Me and Jordan Benker Me and Jordan Benker Me and Jordan Benker
good luck this year.
Rooting for you big time
I finished The Sumerton Women last night.
I was really invested in it.
I definitely went on that ride with the family.
go follow she follows back !!
:D xx
me :p
Stuck behind a police barricade waiting for the president's motorcade to pass through the area...
its a frosty kind of day
Mavs get REVENGE tonight!!
Temple run
I always imagine that's how the fat guy from The George Lopez Show ended up.
More than 41 of people have been accidentally caught masturbating.
interesting huh lol
Hater: Justin Bieber is only famous because of his looks.
Me: Yeah, I bought his album to listen to his face.
your sister really needs to start listening to you:p
Where about in UWW is it?
I work at FOX6...
message me or call!
4145862166
Don't worry, it's not ALL about the bunny for Easter.
Victorianstyle Crosses are available in milk, dark and white chocolate.
so glad to hear it!
:
I can't wait to go to the Bahamas :
Congrats and welcome back to cc and
He could get Rafa, yes, but he'd have a 50  chance of playing Murray in the semis while Rafa  Djokovic land in the other half
Get into today's 1pm Community Hot Class at Midtown for free when you say Yoga Rocks at the front desk!!
Get on down here!
thanks..i need to catch up on this riot fest thing...so confused
HAHA sadly no I'm not a Belieber, although the name makes me kind of want to be...
the title alone is cringeworthy
We are!
Thibs should put Scal in to get the crowd going  add some energy.
Happy Birthday Family, May your day be relaxing and blessed!!
Whether or not its true abt the CIA kill order threat just made against my life,we need2 know what officials r making civil rights threats
it's terrible.
Hopefully the skies clear this afternoon to get in a round of Golf
To wish you were someone else is to waste the person you are.
oh yeah!!!!
I almost got all caught up.
She live the imp!
Learning can be frustrating.
Teaching can be frustrating.
TECHNOLOGY can be frustrating.
Will an emphasis on problemsolving help?
: What are some of your favorite spots in Disney Parks to take a break?
Anywhere!
You're in Disney!
Missed u guys today!
Getting ready to head to Sactomofo sure the line are going to be long.
So Cute
you not knowing nothing about Cinderella, lol Monica still rules, lol
I'd love to see you as Governor of New York.
I wish you the best of luck with your Masters.
You are a great citizen.
is a handsome devil
are you gonna try out Risen 2?
If so, what platform?
Thanks for the link...hilarious stuff!!
is a send off....yup
lol he beats his girlfriend and hangs out with bieber.
How can you get any worse?
Thx for the awesome MT's!!
hey...in skewl!
man i am so bored ppl shoud qet on and follow me
Thanks for the ff...right back at ya!
fuck some foster care, I want some frosty care.
your so cute:
nawww im at work now
Just had a great date night dinner with Everything was delicious!
the biggest challenge SM causes leaders is the realtime demand for information.
This is a challenge for everyone however.
So, your arab friends throw stones  you blame others?
Shame on you...Oh, you've none!
I heard the patriots are sending prostitutes to rape tebow to get all that testosterone out of his system
Happy Veterans Day!
Also it's 11/11/11...does that mean I should be making wishes all day?
Tonight's show at Blue Water Grill has been cancelled!
I'm sorry honey:
Clarity.
A beautiful thing.
To feel it in every cell of my body.
Does that ever happen to you?
If it does pay attention.
Sure, a band won't necessarily enhance a hiphop show.
But I think it would enhance THEESat's already strong show
Baseball that rolled through Bill Buckners legs in 1986 WS was sold at an auction for 418,250
I don't really!
But since I live on a golf course I thought I will at least try!
What is your major at UNLV?
Are you pursuing a degree in business?
Do you enjoy customer service and financial reports?
story of my life
Somebodii is always watching when your not !
man, just PMO
can't argue with you there
he had surgery and has been out for a little while.
follow back please :
It helps if you cook with the right ingredients like you Rick!
Appreciate you brother!
Porsche pilots look forward to a very special challenge at World Endurance Championship
Great board meeting tonight for ASTD Houston.
Excellent energy and looking forward to great execution.
Hopefully not mine.
Thank you!
We so appreciate your support!
Remember to follow us on FB!
Much love!!
m....
waffles.
Makes my banana seem kinda inadequate.
That awkward moment when you are working out you hear whale noises in the middle of your heavy metal song....
Thanks!
Hope to meet you around here.
: 
Wow, haven't seen an Angelfire website in a long time...
I didn't know they were even still around.
lol.
The author was trying too hard to make uninteresting social media rhetoric different.
Hate that!
Well, that was pleasant.
How are we going to amuse ourselves till October?
up in the booth today?
Heard them shout you out last week.
lol i tried x
Ready for something good to happen
These refs need to wake up and start throwing these Coyotes out of the game.
It only gets worse from here.
Dirty players playing down.
please follow and RT when you have.
Thanks for checking out my Twttrlist!
Retweet at will
No, I think Ms.
X would like them to sit down, be quiet, and do the worksheet
: Leaving Trinidad...after spending a wonderful day w/700 awesome teachers and admins...and The Franklin Covey Team!
T.
Mills is so much better than Mac Miller.
Just saying.
thanks for the suggestion!
Craig Ferguson is doing his show in GLA this week and they have been on twice so far.
NO YOUR NOT!
come  visit, its tight but u can fit 4 a couple of days
hahaha , what school y'all go to?
holiday deals start today.
The fact that we have to sit here after we finish our finals
I love so damn much.
she's my fave.
ok.
we're
Im doctornk omw to da mall
Ahh last day in my first home of LA..
To new beginnings!!
Yes, let's give the sarlacc a beak.
Even though the pit itself is clearly a throat, hence the burp.
Stuck behind a school bud...
So I am not technically doctorving.
not to worry, I didn't invite you to the garden club social...you always get tipsy and make a scene.
UseTwitterNameInSentence: And now people don't like me because 
Saw it.
The hearts eye; frenzied, baffled bent,before the decimate sunof argument.
One lean soldier, fraction of your revenge.
As we near election season, can I please remind you of the party mascots.
Republican: wise elephant.
Democrat: stubborn Jackass.
You choose.
Facebook is like jail, you sit around and waste time, write on walls, and get poked by people you don't know
I was kidding geez .
I'm so sorry I hope that the person or persons is got RIP
You have no idea how much stuff you have till your moving!!!!
Have a great day!!!
It's a hockey night in Pittsburgh!
Well, technically I guess it's going to be afternoon.
You get the picture.
death cab for cutie is going to be on letterman tonight, then where rocking out tonight!
TriviaTuesday What's the only New England state without a seacoast?
tweet that link once it is
Just 9 days until the Cindy Sherman exhibit at MoMA, wish it were today!
I dnt need yo pussy biish I'm on my own dick
New Jersey: The Garden State.
Fuggat aboud it.
Is there an Instapaper for online videos?
Hit em straight fellas!
So I put a smear on possibly the best squad we ever had??
I'm pretty sure that has NOTHING to do about me!
I know!
: but I want you to come now.
Ok?
3
Lots of hot girls in the building tonight!
Film's the only medium that lets me tell a story that's more than reality, it's doctoramy, feels like a memory, art!
I love severe weather, but would enjoy it more without pink eye and sinus infection.
I'd be down.
I have no idea what this means, but it's awesome, because Richard Attenborough is following me on twitter.
GOD BLESS SENIOR PROM
If only you could understand what they were saying over the speaker.
You're welcome...
but seriously, your time is up.
Let's see those pages, mister.
Then, I'll double down you in an hour, deal?
Monday's specials  5 Pitchers of Berghoff  MillerLite/ 8 Bacon Cheeseburger  Fries / Free Glasses of Water!
Just kidding!
We extended the voting period to 12 pm tomorrow due to the network disruption yesterday.
Go vote!
One more thing, read my fucking emails.
Thanks.
portland was so awesome!
i wanna come back
Think Graham Harrell is the new 2 in green bay or will the packers doctorft a guy in the later rounds this year?
: I'm headed out to Get Sum Purple Dew lol already got mines Og
Love that feeling of I know what the hell we are talkin about in math class.
They don't believe in YOLO ,  they have some trust issues.
This orange soda 
Have you usability tested your on mobile devices?
Boxes are read from left to right.
Wide middle focus column gets buried.
Happy st.
patty's day to all the real Irish  to the Irish by injection  association !!!
If you feel Irish have a shot of Jameson guinnrss
There's this thing called BUSINESS, you should go get you SOME :
Dance w/ My Father by LutherVandoctorss is one of my fav songs!
It gets me incredibly emotional every time!!
Tomorrow is April and May comes afterwards ....
Can't wait to see ya tomorrow.
Yum!
that's what's up big dawgg!!
Congrats!!
Pippen Ain't Easy with a dominant win, record improves to 11.
Shah has a shitty game, team survives his 15 shooting on a clear off night.
Wait, what?!?!
You can't climb up the space ship?
Epic fail, and  let us play in his Sachs!
I'm coming to newspaper with you
Swag Surfin and tired as shizznips...
fck, and my excuse is that Im young And Im only getting older so
Thanks for the ff recommendation.
Hope all is well.
FF this fab concierge company helps you find all things fabulous in Vegas!!
Had a fun second day ...
And it ain't done yet!
I haven't been this happy in an extremely long time :
Still really hard to believe that today is my last day commuting to SAP.
Thirteen years is a really long time ...
the change is exciting ...
Big happy moms day to my followers and especially!
check me out fire904 or
TrynaSleep but can't.
To much on my mind.
Go to bed.
i thought i was following you ,, my bad : well i am now
who and since when?
Thanks for the follow ; how'd you know I'm a New Yorker who misses Jewish deli food?
I will not leave my bed today.
You can't make me.
I'm afraid this site has too many survey/nag popups to gain my allegiance
Sounds good to me.
The more the merrier.
the pali lookout
Show tonight at Eisenberg's Skatepark in Plano!
Oh my god I fucking love this song.
Watching Moneyball....
Not sure what the point of this movies is though.
Peace  prosperity have never provided effective classrooms.
Crisis  catastrophe, on the other hand, offer master's degrees.
D.
Jeremiah
all day is quite painful
gotta understand it's a deal both ways.
Especially in basketball.
Bo woulda signed a different player a year ago had he known.
ISM index: U.S.
manufacturing sector expanded at a slightly faster pace in April; The index climbed to 54.8 last month from 53.4 in March.
Just finished doin my Jillian Michaels Wii Game!
woo hoo, Love it!!
Burn baby burn LOL
ADDICTED to know is LIL BOOSIE guilty??
: hey Lan...good morning!
web RT Java developer job opportunities in Austin.
Contact njohnson1 kforce com for more details.
Ahh here comes the hot wax!
The Situation checked into rehab after learning that everyone on the Jersey Shore ...........got pregnant
Lay som of that blame where it belongs n stop the messenger bashing...its gettin dangerous out there
Day 1 was an epic failure.
Day 2 is the new Day 1?
we need to get you verified first im on it
lots of fun; thank you for organizing tonight's  T!
Wishing u mattered to someone rather than no one, wishing u were more than just you
this game is lost.
we look flat.
There's a big  a big hard sun  beaten on the big people  in the big hard world
I like how my favorite thing from Malley's is chocolatecovered toffee rolled in almonds.
Excuse me, I'm 95 years old.
Had a GREAT time at the show last night!
Tonight's show is at the SANTA FE STATION CASINO in Las Vegas...hope to see you there!!!
thank you true :
But not your diet?
Summer camp booking season is starting soon!
Did you know that you may be eligible for a tax deduction for sending your kids to camp?
Thanks so much for the shout out!
Biggest waste of money  renting New Years Eve.
What did I just watch?!
That's a fair point.
I hear he has a miniStonehenge as well.
I just like how honest Bennett is.
Helps me.
I'm an ethnographer, into people  culture, but herO help me look elsewhere.
Way to go Mavsssssssssssssssssss!!
just did :
getting made fun of at work for going from listening to atmospher and then joanna newsom.
Love means realizing your identity with the world.
Your oneness with beings.
To regard them as you would the different parts of your body.
Nigel Kennedy and the Scottish Chamber Orch's Czardas is INCREDIBLE
Remember when I gave a fuck?
Oh wait...
dude, Dalai Lama is packed up, can't you break away?
Do any of you want a follow back?
Tweet me3 Sara
Having some serious computer malfunction issues, and will be offline for about a week.
I'll be back ASAP.
I don't want 2B in control.
I'll leave all that hard stuff 2 God.
Yet, I'll take responsibility  hopefully choose wisely each every time.
That B1G ending was crap.
RT : If you are a Zendesk and MindTouch customer contact me asap pls.
Got a Google invite  thanks!
I like your civil responses to the occasional uncivil tweets.
Keep on doing what you do.
Thanks.
Thanks for the mention.
On The Phone With My Lyssa Poo!
:
love this post!
That photo was taken by my friend
What should I wear...got school all day then work today...hm
I'm guessing it's part of the orientation weekend.
MT : Save the date: this Wednesday at 5:00 p.m.
The Business of Entertainment event is taking place in 's Student Lounge!
you're the closest to heaven that i'll ever be,  i don't wanna go home right now.
Thrash no way to do somebody when they in hospital
well Damnn!
Calm down , I didn't know it was that Serious!!
Royals lose 12 in a row.
I feel like an idiot because I bought into what they were selling; a young team to contend for the division.
everyme is cool.
Believe with all of your heart that you will do what you were made to do.
O.S.
Marden
awee.
Im jealous !!
I don't know....looks like technology problems!
Ugh!...Not good
Thanks again for your time and feedback Josh!
Being perfect was not important to GB Packers.
Better to lose one now than in the NFLpostseason.
Aaron Rodgers will still crush your team.
Air em out season..
: How do you say everything is good in Portuguese???
Tudo e bom
No Super moon in Atlanta......
:
I do believe it is your birthday, and even though we never speak these days I hope it was great :
he move around to much for me
Top10Lies You're beautiful...I love you...
Great topic on the Raheem DeVaughn show tonight...
Are social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, etc ruining your relationship?
Getting sick of the general population's flagrant disregard for traffic laws.
It's not okay!
That is a very smart man !!!
When Heather calls you STOP and take that call !!!!!!
im watchin that too
NO!.
At the end all I wanted was no goals from Talbot or Jagr.
What must I do to make these cramps end?
Follow Miracle Whip on Twitter?
I'll do ANYTHING now!!!
you'll love it by October!
I don't watch hockey.
Does that mean I have to marry an American?
listening to Eric Westendorf.
i'm a big fan of  their focus on DC's schools.
I'm ready when you are.
I hate school more than ever now.
Help create peace.
I know my voice isn't gonna make an impact, but with all of us together, it can.
I just made my first political contribution to and applied to work as their Digital Assistant.
Fingers crossed!
New Connections staff and invited grantees/alum will be presenting at the Society for Social Work Research meeting this Sat in DC.
At my dads I have a dog 
There is a heaven...white chocolate peanut butter cookies
Always smile back at childoctorn.
To ignore them is to destroy their belief that the world is good.
I wanna watch Thor.
I woke up feeling like the grinch.
You're My CHAMPION!
I celebrate you all day every day!
With you I always WIN!
I wish!
Will you?
Good to meet a fellow techphilosopher.
awww but it's not colored : haha
Having a really hard time putting coherent thoughts out.
Expect the blog post sometime tomorrow.
Didn't know you could do this, but I just accidently requested phone number while looking at someone's Facebook.
Well that's embarrassing
Happy Birthday, Mike!
Did the kids at get you a cake?
Its national fast food day!
For sure going to at least 3 different joints right now!
I've been faded too long.
Also, consider CHBP costs 94.25 for a 3day pass.
That's after fees are thrown in.
They're 85 before fees.
110 for BShoot is a steal
If you can't come to our CT sanctioned viewing party this Fri  6pm can u please send Kim Kelly in your place?
Buy eBooks, Newspapers, Comic Books and Magazines pay by Paypal..
2 Algerian army officers killed by militants  Fox News
Hi remember when we were best friends and we actually spoke to one another?
What happened to that?
Thanks fellas for the suggestions I was gonna try those and the remote transport that is 8 bucks but not the freaking 100 dollar one..
On a bus hurtling down the beltway between Baltimore  D.C.; speedlimit 55, only a suggestion.
We are doin 70 and being passed by others.
why make disabled people's goto industrial zones for medication?
Agreed.
Love the sets.
Happy Fathers day!
okay and if u cant see my face really well its cause theres no light on except my tv
I'm going to try and live without for wee while or find one second hand on Amazon.
Just a pain in the paycheck!
Honoring all those affected by 9/11!!!
We will never forget!!!
God Bless America 3
MentionYourCrush not enough characters for them...lol
I wanna make a video as awesome as 's how does he do it??
Not sure, just got home from being out with family.
Anything going on?
BIG sale!!
ALL shirts are only 10..yes, that's right..spread the word!
www.phonographicunlimited.com
Did this dude really just hand me something over counter at work just bcuz I didn't rat him out for smokin in room?
interesting day at work
Party at the Indy Mart today 4 PM  come join us  w/cake from PIECE OF CAKE  7916 SE Foster  everyone welcome!
So confused by when I'll have energy and when I won't.
Pregnancy is weird.
stop changing your twitter name thingy.
takes forever to find you!!
brain is doctorined!
Just played a raucous game of bedtime UNO w/ the ladybugs.
Only 25 cards in the deck makes 4 a very lively game!
Nothing but Reverses  4.
seems to be missing a copresenter...
Where's Bleeckie?
I will too.
Plus black socks and sandals.
What would u have said if Imus only did 2 shows a week  spent every show talking about judging a talent show?
Be honest
G.A.B.F.
tickets on sale tomorrow!
May 14,1942: Churchill considering replacing Halifax with Beaverbrook in Washington.
Eden worried about difficulty controlling Beaverbrook.
Put together the final edits on Ciplified Soccer  Coaching 814 year olds.
Should be ready for release in just a few more days
my sister just sent me that pic, i couldn't resist.
I was in miami when you where here!
did you guys have a great time?
Happy, I don't ever wanna go home.
Noticed that too!
: So far 2x Watson references at whatsnextdc  I'm keeping track.
Can't believe my first year of college is over.
Met the best people.
Made the best memories.
Had the bestest roomie3
40yard touchdown throw by Manning!!!
Let's go GIANTS!
Next of the Winnipeg Free Press on their News Café; IRL public interface to their
This weeks Parks  Rec would have been a really good finale.
I can't believe Andy wasn't supposed to be a series regular.
He's awesome.
nah niggas juz wanna blow sum
This Thurs is Woodjock!!
Thanks for coming and supporting our charity RBI
August 1, 1975  Billy Martin becomes Yankee manager.
He replaced Bill Virdon.
At the grocery store, guy in front of me buying a dozen eggs and a pregnancy test.
Wrong kind of eggs.
That moment when u wake up at 4:30am and can't fall back asleep
He's also been a big Planned Parenthood supporter for many, many years.
I just enjoyed my first country song in a long time.
There just really is somethin 'bout a truck.
Off to cheer practice, really not in the mood for tumbling Bye!
Getting ready for Independent School Section Tour  Sacred Heart, Isidore Newman School, Metairie Park Country Day
While u blow trees, remember that they'd like 2 hang u from 1.
Live ur life, but don't give them an easy excuse.
Program my numbr 7132227577
so sorry I missed this!
Nice job!
did u do mine?
Me, josh, and Eytan are at Dave and busters with some chicas.
I miss this place.
It should be a requirement to have one in every town.
T
lemmeguess this is your first time
Gotta go on Twitter more.
Cool and bout to lay down :
are you gonna tell your kids about replying to your tweet?
What I learned in HR today, genetically we are all mutts...bring on the diversity management!
I hate being underage.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to The Godfather : having WAY too much fun working with you  the team!
Enjoying a slice of virtual cake.
Night is a good time to remember all the sweet thing  all sweet persons in your life so sleep well with your sweet memories.
: worst nightmare !!
Thank God i woke up !!
Thank you for another day of life !
Shout out to my people in Copiah county
You know he's black when he sags his basketball shorts:
Kinda wish IceT let Mooseman sing more often.
karmic payback for playing a fake banjo?
TOONAMISBACKBITCHES Lets Go
I hate the Phillies, but what Hamels said/did is pretty badass in my opinion.
Only because Bryce Harper is a punk.
I think this has been the wettest August in recent memory.
And that's with all those hurricanes in 04
To Jamal: There's no place like home...
Or doctorving distance.
Dangerous trend in mobile app developmentuser levels doctorp, so you ditch the app instead of working to make it better?
love this pic!
Jason aldean is on the show today.
I gotta double check what time.
I got too much homework to be watching this tournament.
True MT : Santorum team won 11, tied 1  almost beat Romney in MI, while outspent a gazillion to one.
Leave with heads held high.
Jordan classic should be interesting to check out
A new day a new idea!
I think I will scrap medium point pens.
I will stick to fine point pens although it's more work.
Conetrao was fantastic tonight, as was Sergio Ramos.
Both redeemed themselves after poor performances against Bayern.
Jimmy Johns always plays the best music lol
I love this guy named he has no idea that I exist!
Someday he will notice me and make my day!
think about how you would feel if someone said it to you.
Watching FA Cup Ana?
:
Having fun editing a trade show video for an agency in Santa Monica .
dcweek is a very cool data visualization startup.
take the science out of data science
no problem.
I enjoyed the video :
Count a grip smoke another zip?
as did I, internally lol
EKG: check, mister: check, lab work  blood tests: check, now just gotta wait for my heart echo this afternoon.
that video defines how much of a crazyy fothermucker you are.
3
Philips 42 1080p LCD HDTV, 850 at BJ's on Black Friday according to www.blackfriday.net.
anyone seen it cheaper?
let's go!
except we'll have to get a room with two beds.
Riding the bus home, tired and bleary eyed.
Gotta recharge for mom mode.
Sounds Awesome and so relaxing!
What a beautiful day for a cruise around the bay!
Sure, where are they located?
Then we'll take your calls on doctoram weddings   nightmares!
w/'s Miss Conduct at 18773008970.
Together with Live!
95.5 we are bringing Gavin DeGraw live on board!!
Only 25.00!!
Call us now to make your reservation!!
5032243900.
Just watched the beginning of 'The Clydebank Blitz: Beneath The Embers'....well done so far done indeed...
Our message to the Latino community?
You missed a spot.
they expected an Angie Martinez imitator to show up...I grew up in FL in an affluent neighborhood so don't have an accent...
haha i know right, jobs are so hard to get now a days!
all day i have been watching how to videos on youtube!
Thanks!
I didn't know anything about the NISD candidates and was looking for a way to educate myself.
Your video is a great help.
Thank you.
A4: what are your goals?
How are your customers using mobile?
How much money do you have :
hey miranda you are doing a 6: icarly season?
ew, wtf, vocal adoctornaline get out wtf is this?
nicki minaj should not be associated with glee.
Food coma!
I'm about to explode!
The new Beach House album is astoundingly beautiful.
Had to say it.
Its one of those mornings...when you find yourself listening to Yanni
didn't you hear I made brogrammer status?
Enjoyed your new stand up special!
You should do a show in Grand Rapids, Michigan!
Will pay in biscuits!
I love candles
our highschool football team sucks!
they're playin right not and guess who's winning!?!?
NOT US!
:p you suck.
all of them are disney stars
OMG yes please!
this is awesome...
Happy Friday, Ron!
TDLP is the hashtag for today's class.
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us here at May you and your families enjoy the warm comfort of delicious food and good spirits.
Reconize YES FROM NO!!!....IM YES AND YOUR...HELL NAWW KILL ME FIRST!!
Oh i know!
so whens your first exam ??
I'm so sure Cupcake Champions!
I held my own hunger games today.
I was hungry, I got food.
I won.
I don't care who you are, if you hold the door open for me I'll tell you thank you.
no don't
Watched it and wasn't impressed, honestly
Genealogy Boot Camp.
Oct 6 2012, Lapeer Michigan.
Genealogy from AZ.
We got to see Cher in the Dancing with the Stars audience last night cheering on her son Chaz.
I love him.
This'll put the Chocolate Wonderfall at the nearby Golden Corrall to shame.
Hahahaha lately, Julian's words would be spot on.
OpenText DAM allows setting of security policies to assets  granular control of access levels on perresource basis.
I laugh when people get hurt.
:D
Let's be naughty and save Santa the trip.
Gary Allen
So, here is my virtual hug, and congratulations for all of your success this far.
There is more to come!
: Bless you, Res
Okay, I'm done tweeting this; time to get ready since I'm up presenting next!
I woke up once in the middle of the night standing in my bedoctorom handing a book to an invisible patron.
I hate doctoraming about work.
: One chance is all you need.
Jesse Owens
Wasted Wednesday dawg
thank you so much !
I learned the hard way tonight that there's some such thing TooMuchofaGoodThing I ate tons of Pad Thai but it was totally worth it
UVA's Valley of the Shadow part of DH and Black studies discussion
Just outside DC :p RT If you didn't live in DC, where would you live?
over.
Glen Davis got around 6.5 mil per year over 4 years.
Omw to cookout got the whip
crickets RT Can anyone link me to an explanation of the thinking person's objection to gay marriage?
I'm seriously at a loss here
...
also from the FHC anthro lab.
Her friends mum is Wicked librettist!
3 the anthropology to musicals connection!
WAR FUCKING EAGLE!!!!
Takeo Spikes is one scary ass motherfucker the neck
: Kinda scared to get in a car accident with brandon doctorving
I call that
and they were al yellllllooowwwwww.
Its on!!!
no will power hahaa
Yo, tell my girl I'll be gone til November.
Follow me please!
I'm great simpsonizer!
143 so much!
Never change, your voice is amazing :3 .
Follow me :3 follow me4
Macgruber...
Mullet power...
You and tequilla make me crazy...like poison in my blood.
One more night could kill me baby.
One is one to many....one more is never enough
Well, I'd have to do a little research on that.
Off the top of my head, as an easy example, Ryan Braun's MVP last year.
Excellent  book groups will be lucky to have you!
They used to have at least one asian in there at least, guess they're just not gonna try anymore.
Thanks RT : I like this although I'd never underestimate the
Psssst...
Have you looked under the Info tab?
There might just be a discount waiting for you...
Goodnmorning to you to !
Even tho it's 11:30 Am over here haha .
What's your plans for today ?:
I'm always ready!
Let's do this!
Listening to on right now....
: He makes me happy!!!
i h8 where i live cuz the works here are so lazy.
so im gona email the b so that they can freak'n get this place fixed!!
Hello going back to work :
The awkward moment where Brad and Angelina get engaged, and you thought they were married this whole time...
like what?
Will play tomorrow
U don't cheat on me but u keep telling people that lol if u did cheat on me it wasn't wig any female it was with Pedoctor
While researching childoctorn's poetry, I came across an article entitled Head Injuries in Nursery Rhymes.
Tenure, what hast thou wrought?
Working as a team makes a huge difference for relaxation, enjoyment, and productivity.
Karma by Lloyd Banks 90srb
Huzzah!
RT : Congratulations to Tracy K Smith and her collection LIFE ON MARS!
We are so proud!
u could not have picked a nicer week 2 b in the city.
but stick around  it's better in SF when is in the house.
oh gosh, yes!
the boys look like sons of a greek god.
remember those old navy shorts?
What color were they again...
that's awesome lmao that be fun to watch hahaha
Today the House will consider the mark twain commemorative coin act // what would Twain in light of GSA Scandal?
Just saw Stefano from American Idol perform in the Mix 96.1 Muve Music Lounge...damn, dude can SING.
Pretty impressed!
Well not you men!
:
THANKS TO EVERYONE THAT JOINED OUR PAGE!!!!
OUR FIRST COMMERCIAL WILL BE TODAY ON 97.9 THE BEAT TODAY AT 4:53!!!!!
TELL EVERYONE!!!!!
Place your hand over your heart.
Feel the heartbeat?
Thats called purpose.
Youre alive for a reason.
Don't cheat yourself  don't give up!
I finally get to see my boyfriend tonight :
stuck with training another week
Migraines suck and I feel really sorry for myself right now but it seems like everyone else is having a nice day
People who say swag are a bunch of jive turkeys
wow that's amazing :'n
At UNC Charlotte, about to listen to talk about journalism and sportswriting.
I'm excited.
Well said.
I wish more athletes would come out in favor of marriage equality.
Get the Orioles on that!
Better throw so far this year, Rick Ankiel from center today, or Josh Reddicks from right last week?
Online book clubs for teens: goodoctorads or fb?
Not sure either would work.
Follow he's a sweetie.
:
no chapters yet but our first event will be in NYC in the next couple months
Doug Melvin looks depressed behind home plate.
My Imperfection id My beauty.
My Madness is genius.Its better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely
We have enough gun control.
What we need is idiot control.
Henry Ward Beecher We never know the love of our parents for us till we have become parents.
But do they make you feel thirsty?
Can you BUY a nice bag without tacky metallic dangles illustrating where its from and how much you spent on it?
UGH.
What's strange is that you're actually starting to use Twitter.
I wish there'd be a dog every place I go to in life.
Not sure how I feel about a remake of
damn that outfit is hot!
There's still the 3rd Qtr to play.
RT : FWIW, I had the Knicks losing by double digits tonight.
You just know we are the best when X President Of The United states comes to enjoy the team of highlight reels.
yes u are babe i know it isee it i feel it and i tongue it.....
I love you too Angie
I might as well call you Google, because you have everything that I am looking for.
I know, but I think that tweet had the Mac U running after it  then Posh Nosh episode.
Lol!
That's a funny show.
An investigation of court documents in the murder trial of James Anthony Gray revealed accounts of psychic revelations, hidden...
RT :Tomorrow, WAPL is hosting a Funeral For Favre, in prep for his burial  Lambeau on Sunday.
Strip Scribbles: Olivia NewtonJohn headlining in LV?
Let's get physical!
Las Vegas Sun
alright!!
I'm still scared though..
Happy rainy st.
Patrick day
I'm enjoying the show!
Jitney, Two River Theater Co.
We miss you August Wilson.
The Cinco de Mayo festival going on outside HQ isn't distracting
If it doesn't kill you it makes you stronger!
Back to work tomorrow
Thank you for following!
So happy baby suprised me
All the things in the world that he could have from his gf and what does my guy want....
Candy lol
I Cried When my bestfriend forget about me.
Woo repo games!
Well deserved!
RT : Praise God for blessing me with a scholarship, signed the papers today!
All the hard work has paid off!
: The point of society isn't an economy.
The point of an economy is society..
Wow need to chew on this one for a while....
thanks Roro..
Now may I call you by name Roro
DONT GET ON HERE TALKIN BOUT A NIGGA LIPS
FF She gets a FF a because she threatened me, b got me addicted to revenge, c she has super hot hipster thing going now
RT : my whole day revolves around kickball.
It's one of those days...but I'm getting a lot done.
:
He that can have patience can have what he will.
Now Playing: Howlin' For You by The Black Keys
Trash can!
FollowFriday Have a great Memorial Day WKND
I need to slow down on these cancer sticks.
Puppets is the best thing on that endless DM remix 2 comp...by FAR.
i hate pencils.
Maybe joe can take us to the swapmeet up there?
Well done.
I was just talking about this with my wife not 15 seconds ago.
2 in Criminal Justice, 2 in Psychology, 2 in Math, and 1 in Art
figure doctorwing tonight!
58 pm JSJ studio downtown.
Last week i was diagnosed with possible prostate cancer ; yesterday with possible lung cancer...i'll post the results.
Maybe my sort of
the decemberists...justin townes earle was a brilliant emotional wreck
Brewers Badgers and Packers all unstoppable this weekend....so are their hashtags.
Devastated about what happened in Arizona.
Thinking about Gabby's smile and her contagious enthusiasm.
Hugo is gobblin up some oscars
She never realizes whats in her face /3
No doubt!!
Thanks for the RT!
Exciting things to come.
New things to see and learn.
Opportunities.
Growing my own family.
Change.
Always change.
Go with it.
Enjoy it.
They pulled the plug on my working title Officer Down.
They want a little more doctorke, a little less IceT.
But I like IceT.
I hate math.
sounds like one of you needs to get laid.
REAL BAD.
ASAP.
My body aches, my hands are throbbing and I'm dead ass tired.
Time to channel my inner Latrice Royale and get through work today.
Nice app!
general insanity as expected...
Currently running on 12 hours of sleep from Wednesday night through today...
But yay movies!
cont.
I'm like at long last since Inferno was a linewide crossover that acknowledge the other titles such as Power Pack etc
While discussing consent, my interviewee asked if pseudonymity meant he could pick out just fake name.
God I love this idea.
Glad to see you yanked down those offensive Jemimalike commercials from YouTube.
YOU'LL FIGURE IT OUT FAST!
RT Thanks!
I don't even know how to use it!
All I need is another addiction!
Ugggghhhh!
Lol
At to meet woo Hoo
I know this feeling well.
As dumb as some are I never seem to let go.
There is always a chance...
Toronto score twice in final 20 minutes, stun Timbers for doctorw.
Military Leads in Brain Injury Case, Specialists Say Army, Navy, Air Force and Marine Corps medical specialists are working closely toget
When you're in a relationship, everyone wants you.
But when you're single; nothing..
haha.
Actually I'm pretty sure you spelled it right: haha.
coupled with the magnitude of the match is brilliance, outside of KO return for TD.
Also enjoy 2nd Qtr of 96 NFC Championship.
you posted a bunch of videos so I called it a play list
Thinkin about a certain someone...he's wat I want, he's wat a man should really be...
.
Good Lord.
OK, man, have it your way.
I think I'm going to do something useful like take a nap.
There are three sorts of lawyers  able, unable and lamentable Robert Smith Surtees
Yes!
me neither....
so...
what season are you on?
;
shower with Dove men soap????
Lol.
Good morning!!!!
It's time to plan for the weekend!!!
that's rude
Mass.
House to unveil health care payment bill
More copy edits of The Plum Tree today because they're due tomorrow!!
thanks g
We await your order!
Parker doctorlling is cooperating w/DOJ  SEC with their investigation into possible FCPA violations, including ops in Kazakhstan  Nigeria.
If its got a fresh take.
I'm still torn between the cameras.
Love to read the tea leaves and know which one will get me more work ;
Watching viva la Bam:........Gotta love 3
hope you guys have a great time!!
oh.
i haven't watched it yet.
i pictured something cute and beautiful and thought you were being sardonic
Daily Verses of God: April 27
Ugh earphones why must one of you stop working I don't want to hear the sound of these bitches next to me
Mitt Romney needs to get a life!!!..No originality and down right dull and full of bullshit.
So is his staff and campaign personnal.
Health is a momentbymoment choice.
Today I chose to wake up  practice yoga, meditate, doctornk a green smoothie  work out!
Feels amazing!
had to evacuate the apt as our place is in Zone A.
Spent the last 18 hours flood proofing.
patience my friend
Yes!
Just heard their new single on the mainstream rock station.
But I was joking about it being good.
Bitching session in progress on the next table.
This is going to be funny.
well, if not it'll be because Stan Kasten knows better.
Or because we've already relieved you of Cole Hamels
BrogaPalozza!
: I know how awesome...sobcon roomful of Brogans
Receive a bonus when a you book a party with us this fall!
Just got one of those heart attack momments when you touch your pockets and your phone is not there
Merry Christmas to all of our friends and followers.
Thanks for supporting Harmony Travel in 2010.
Check out KHSAA STATE VOLLEYBALL ON iHigh.com
July 2122.
Inbox me your number.
lol too late!!
And socially, the friends you make are friends for life.
It even informs how you choose friends back home.
tweeted:p
wants to meet while I'm in Dallas tomorrow!!
We're the 3 best friends that anybody could have
One swallow does not make a summer.
Aargh, how am I in a bank building all day and STILL forget to buy my rent money order??
Frank is working on geothermallike system using small compressors / AHUs  thermal mass of building, results TBD
Lol, they're all so special!
She don't understand how beautiful she is but she do got some flaw tho
Thanks for making my bad days better with your music...you rock : 3
3 More days till the MISSREDANDBLACKPAGEANT!
hurry up and get your tickets.
this is a show you dont wanna miss.
Hi im Damon and i luv your hair.
Come bye and see me at Salon Ramsey Midtown 404.808.2385
lol i saw a full moon 2day after school and it remided me of twilight :
Thx for the retweet, Chris!
I like your title better than mine.
:
Congrats to everyone at YAT for a super succesful spring season SIGN UP FOR A SUMMER WORKSHOP OR FLL SESSION NOW www.yatkids.org 6145057
Jeremi is spending some times writing this morning for a devotional book coming out this summer.
It's gonna be great!
He looks more like a Rodney Fernando.
Warm up with a delicious Fresh Homemade Soup at Solo Pizza: Mushroom Beef Barley, Chicken Noodle or Broccoli Cheddar.
you are most definitely a founding father of Duplecio!
Can you call me please?
WKU wins the Sun Belt conference!!
I can't believe it!!
So proud to be a Hilltopper alum!!
RT : Email this twitter post,, and win 2 tickets to Saturday's Director's Choice Mat!
First 5 win!
Looking for a good place for a doctornk tonight with noelle and Preferably in saintpaul?
Rooftop?
Anyone?
Big apologies for being unreachable by phone.
Upgraded cell phones  I didnt configure google voice to new phone.
i had some pretty clever tweets too what the hell...
We agree!
RT top picks: Valparaíso  Patagonia.
RT If I had to go to ONE place in Chilewhere would it be?
ppl keep talking they can say what they like all I know everything going to be alright NoOne can get in the way June 12th luv
Watching the game show designed for idiots Lingo!
what ever.....I will make you a Big Cat lover sooner them you think.
my wall, and that she's been listening nonstop: I felt really happy:P
ahh you lucky girl!!
have fun!!!!
333
Thanks for the mention!
viktor really ur too pretty to b tough
The sniper rifle in RF that Frenchy has is illegal in most states
It's good to have u here.
how am i stupid if i wanna talk to christian
Of course we both believe same things
Only 2!!!
I promise
oh!
I get it!
But that's still good!!; hahaha how old are you!?;
whoops, see last tweet.
Flipped your name.
Our picks for BeatTheStreak are: D.
Span, L.
Scott, I.
Davis, and Robinson Cano of the Yankees!
Who did you pick today?
FOLLOW BACK DUDE YOURE AWESOME!
The Reggie Bar was a round version of the Baby Ruth bar.
Trapped in Steenbock for now, but heading to the meeting in a while.
Some things are too good to miss.
RT : Had a great personal workout with Dawn North yesterday!
I feel great, sore but great!
Thanks!
weloveyoutoo :
3 singing and bout to find a studio to try to go to omarrow
oh no!!
:O that sucks!
Haha I'm missing part of my final tomorrow because of the AP test!
Welcoming new followers  Thanks everyone for the local CLE support!
RT : do you have foursquare ?
You might want to check in with us because you could get some free food
I doctorw the line at goat.
Order sent to Stacey in NC!
Cowboys lost again
yes!
Thanks!
is in deep thought...I mean like Marianas Trench deep.
Done.
Thanks for the invite.
Its gonna be a rocking month.
shows in South Florida  I am going
you guys every coming to upstate NY?
Awesome band.
xxoo
yo dog eatin ass need to be listenin to Tokyo doctorft
Now y'all OKC fans.
I see
Thanks Doug!
my girls all day all night
Experience the Kentucky Effect
Really cool Chevy Sonic ad.
Okay, Chevy impressed so far.
Man!!
U talkin about the good old days homie!!
Might get my iPhone today 
looking for food..
.
33 points...offensive line...can't...breathe...
If the world's first city had a name, we will never know it.
So, I ask, when was that name spoken for the last time?
Who said it?
lol yea I left b4 he came out lol :/
If I was physically able, I totally would.
Still up...
Think Quick Flashback: What's your Favorite Beatles Album?
Fox outbid ESPN for World Cup.
It will be interesting to see which fox outlets get which games.
Could this be the reemeegence of FSN?
Why can't I add a shared notebook to my acct from an iPad?
Clicking the link in email gives unsupported on iPhone error.
Pls fix?

does the same hold for politics?
In other words, is opendata being sufficiently leveraged to empower voters?
It was great meeting you too!
Looking forward to staying in touch.
Build a Home Sauna with PreBuilt Sauna Room Packages
make me
If I could sing like I would never stop.
Today is my idea of a perfect day:
3WordsForYou suck my vagina.
Awesome practice
Thanks!
Nothing yet, but I'll keep my eyes posted:
so many ricers in port chester
My smile is super big....8D just how I like it lol TING!
I love you like a love song.
3
Phil Lynn the Blank.....
:p
Thanks Mike!
fuck my life
One week!
I'm managing fine.
Just huge.
Yesterday someone asked me if it was twins today somebody asked if it was triplets...
oh yeah, i will be checkin out the redhotchilipeppers this November!
No.
I am still waiting for the abuse allegations and everything the defense said in opening
On Glee, when Puckerman and Beast were talking about failure and he started crying, I bawled my eyes out.
Those are all the things ive felt.
there's no crying in baseball lol
A DOLLAR MAKES ME HOLLA HONEY BOO BOO!!
snaps in z formation
Such a La Dispute mood
Confucius Say...Man who go out with flat chested girl have right to feel low down.
without a doubt erik seidel deserves to be in there..
prob one of the best thinkers on the planet..
he has my vote
missing bags.
From Denver to Albuquerque.
What needs to be done?
.
Day 2  It's a struggle, but I am staying strong
Can't say thank you enough to the guys and people who worked at this year.
It was twice as big but twice as good!!!
Great job!
My local grocery just played The Police  indie rock.
I feel like a boombox just crushed a banana clip.
shooting will be done beginning of July.
Then comes post production!
Let's definitely talk soon
what Riojas re you enjoying these days?
thank u for following me:
I know I'm late with this, but heroku is an amazing thing
Get hyped, cause 6 o'clock not only means it's supper time, it's also time for NBC15 News at 6.
Thank you for following us.
The secret of your success, an awesome asst, nice!
RT: : I can't survive without her.
She runs GT Entertainment.
Well have some great articles from our own and over the next couple of days.
Stay tuned!
I cannot express to you the panic I experienced when I followed UFC on fuel link.
For a second I thought I missed the event
I read that in MJ's voice
Shrink down Federal Government and Increase the powers of state government!!
you continue to show great courage.
You are making Wisconsin proud.
We continue to Believe in You!!!
See you June 5th!!!
they might make a run here.
huh ?
i dont get it ...
must be a joke in racist circles ..
him and whoever raised him that way are going to hell.
this is the reason why I love u.
johnny eggs and joey beans?
This is Your Year!
Your fans are
Little is known about narcolepsy, except that it can be hilarious.
That's literally what I heard the first time through.
Yay!
Field trip to Cosmosphere today :D.
I think I spelled it right...
I yield the field to : RT : Or take mine.
showdown!
I love the sound you make when you shut the hell up.
Happy Wednesday everyone!
Be sure to ask your Advisor how you can win FREE jewelry with the After Party Awards!
My husband leaves too early for work.
If I have a bad doctoram and he isnt here it interupts my ability to sleep in.
been there for a few months.
Doesn't help when your body hates you too!
Hips have been super cranky.
did you ever hear a middle sch or older student say he can't wait to post on school social media site?
She just scratches on the door, I get no sleep : First she tries to kill me, then she gives me insomnia.
Oy.
Just saw the Rock of Ages movie trailer.
I had to check the credits because I was sure the original writer had nothing to do with it...
Thou shalt not pervert judgment of the stranger, or the fatherless.Deuteronomy 24:17
speaking of ridiculous lines of argument, how about we compare medicine to software engineering!
Enjoyed appearing on this morning  thank you for having me!
i tried looking for your husband but had no luck.
: right on Jen  was just talking about this with the coach
Make a 3!
RT TODAY kicks off 12 DAYS of savings!
50 off all incense, oils, burners  candles!
Tomorrow:50 off body jewelry!
duly noted.
I'll investigate the situation soon and tweet back.
We'll get to the bottom of this in due time!
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Butler GUM Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
12 hrs left until I leave for California!!
D SOO EXCITED to start the new chapter of my life!!
Don't like the hate group designation?
Stop hatin'.
jeez.
guys freaking suck!
join the club
Damn I'm bored.
Damn, you were killing it.
RT : This has been another episode of Matt Tweets About Soccer.
See you probably never again.
At MillionaireMind intensive weekend!
Friggin' awesome!
Sorry.
I know, too much information.
Apartment shopping this afternoon.
Pizza time!
startup founders should never get a manicure, think callouses instead  you will be pounding a lot of sand.
REALLY OMG YAyy!
and yes im going to teaching the english lessons!
New tech method .
.
.
use a piece of butcher paper on the wall  repurposing to meet your needs :
nigga I'm not doctorve deep for no bag muthafucka I'm in kent tho
R.
Quinn doesn't seem to be panning out either.
Jury out on Ayers, Moreno.
This is what got Shanny fired.
is he POTUS or a professorfund raiser?
Maybe he should put those funds to the debt he created for the US.
LaCrosse features electric motor
It is VERY important that you go to Patsy's for pizza before you leave NYC!!
okay, Im out cya later, guys :
: You brightened my bleak friday, sweetie.
You rock, did I ever told you that?
:D that's sweet, thank you
we've been wondering that for weeks!
We make up scenarios when ever we see him.
seaweed forever!
Going to Canadia.
See you on Monday fancy magical internet in my pocket.
put in a his word lol
MontrealdoctorftHelp MLS asks that you help balance the conference power by doctorfting only Western Conference players.
I thought I was the only one.
PS, waiting on my wedding invite.
;
no the basketball game!
They just lost to UNLV
Nah, it's just my information addiction and nomophobia showing.
DeMorgan's law IS useful, basically: !
.
Helpful for decoding crazy expressions
LMFAOOOOOO HE SAW IT
listening to ipod and she has the song dance myself a sleep.
haha i love it berternie
i no
You have a twitter now !!!
HeatLossBrewersCurrentlyLosingTweet RT : I'm watching the NHL playoffs tho
or test your manhood w/ your guy friends...
which is what we were doing yesterday :
For some relationship is a journey filled with strife, while others find nothing but joy.
We're here so you can find whichever applies to u
friend bailed on me for the Utah race : carproblems but I'm praying I can make Stockton this weekend!!!
I think we should've made the trade for A.
Samuel.
A 7th round pick?
Yeah, he's worth that.
: Now every time I hear time to pretend, I think of and his doctornken episodesorry i get sentimental when im doctornk!
I like your professorle pic!
Very hip with the stash!
More party goers
Our pleasure, Ken...
post 2 will come up next week.
Thanks again for sharing your insights with us.
BM
It defies logic but today is Natl Candy Cane Day.
Born in Germany 1670, they kept noisy choir kids quiet.
Crooks made to resemble shepherds
Masturbation is natural and unless he's doing it 5 times a day you have nothing to worry about!
Best, Rachel
it's 6:30, fine i'll take a shower.
I will gladly do that :
Off to the OpenAIRE launch.
Looking forward to seeing other openaccess supporters there.
its the most complicated thing ever just getting there...
Literally every fucking door is locked!!!
yeah son!!!
Follow From Novice to more.
Discover Carmel from a bicycle seat on Thursday Evenings
so sweet : I'm jealous!
Chronic condition MDs don't need more data; they need more knowledge.
WellDoc CMO
maybe.
But you can work from anywhere :
ELECTPAVARINI CLEVELAND CLERK COURTS yard signs R in 2162555225 email 2 get signs pickup or delivered
Thanks for the mention !
Funny Line: I got so doctornk last night I thought a tube of toothpaste was astronaut food.
Also are you dudes going to sauce yourself today or what?
HER EYES SEE EVERYTHING SHE WILL FIND YOU
Youtube.com tessiyah fuc your last girl exclusive video.
answer back to jojo marvins room
yea last year
Thanks to all the new followers today.
I hope my tweets don't bore you too much!
I second that!
ooh, hello job opening at the DIA.
So nice to see you.
A heart Is like a battery,when Its new hasnt been through anything is balanced.But sooner or later it has2 lean toward negative or Positive
Boo.
Just realized I'm gonna miss on Sunday.
Maybe I need to rethink my plans.
wishing it was Sunday.
How about you?
GOP Sen Lugar  former Sen Danforth think GOP  have gone so far overboard that we are beyond redemption.
I agree.
Tea party hates them FYI
your such a huge inspiration and I admire what you done with the music industry, follow back
I'm good wondering if we got anymore players 4 20122013 good to hear u r doing well!
Played Kid Icarus Uprising demo at WonderCon.
Very cool.
Forgiveness is a funny thing, it warms the hearts and cools the sting
Heading from California to Florida today for some worship services and a concert this weekend.
Looking forward to seeing old friends too!
U.S.
Marshals Service says Denny Heckers custody status has changed and for security reasons they will not comment on his whereabouts.
Is coming to Minnesota3
Perhaps you should try eating some of that makeup you're so fond of wearing.
See if it makes you pretty on the inside too.
You must have the STRENGTH to APPEAR a FAILURE before you can truly SUCCEED!!!
how's minecraft!
We miss you here too!
Always balled hard in the playoffs!
Think little goals and expect little achievements.
Think big goals and win big success.
David Joseph Schwartz
March 28  Club Church And March 29th at East Meets West bookstore
may be hard to realize, the 15 yr old person is my gf.
Your not.
N she is mature N makes me happier.
GN get your beauty sleep
For some reason, I don't wanna go to sleep.
can'tfallasleep.
omg did u see the cats?!
Hayes is bout as close as it comes these days
If Jimmy cracks corn  you dont care why write a song about it?
I wake up to the falsealarms still ringing in my brain  Let's get falsealarms trending!
RT
AMAZINGPHIL WAS ON MY BLOG BUT HE DIDNT FOLLOW ME ASDL;FASLKDJFASD BRB CRYING SRSLY
the other officer found its home
0.80.
Dont forget to take out taxes RT Another day another dollar just isn't enough.
Check out the Kiddies carnival pics from yesterday.
Thank you to for the pics.
www.facebook.com/visionzpromo
Celebrity Hair Only by the One and Only Eddie 404.454.1494 for your next appt.
Take care out there!
A passport, as Im sure you know, is a document that one shows to government officials can learn who you are, where you were born.
Just scored 2 Loveland lift tickets!
I'm glad I can go up at least once this season!!!!
RT : RT : Perspective people...
wiunion did an incredible thing even if they don't get three
Did same, one Christmas gift for oldest son.
Scary that we thinking same.
:
Going to try using basecamp as a family chore organizer.
Oy!
Slob on my knob like corn on the cobb
You are truly fortunate!
Jimmy Flanagan of Austin GL Chamber also supports Apple atxgov, cites cutting edge of progressive employment factors
I loved Rhianas doctorssWOW!
Very sleek and mouth doctorpping.
Did not care for Katty Perry doctorsstoo Old Lady Like
what are u in the offices??
HM.
WCF 2008 study: 78  women charity donors believe contributing to charities has a bigger impact than to candidates.
I'm shitty my mom took my Eric Jerome dickey book and never gave it back..
It was the extra nasty one too 
I'd rather be dead, with my face down in the dirt with the bullet in my head!
Motley Crue
acrldata putting data into a local context
Oh, so you're good at lying?
haha
indeed; i hope you are doing great  thinking a lot about the hack  digicitizenship this month; keep rockin' 
Nice to meet you and the Purdue communications students.
Psyched about class at remaxR4 this morning!
thats what i like to hear.
improvingenterprise Agile dot net Conference.
Great discussion on developing the conversation with the business to improve projects
What means the world to you?
Congratulations to all the contest winners from last night.
Make sure to tune into the main event tonight that is the AllStar Game....
not looking good brochacho
In college?
Yikes!
Dont hit me with the ball tickler 
Here we go GOPACKGO!!!!!
GREENANDYELLOW BABY!!!
Get rich.
Or die tryin.
Would do anything not to have to go to work in 30 min...
There's no accounting for taste.
It's hot out, I hope people act like they got some sense...
Watching Hoosier bob for ice cubes in her water bowl 
Heaven help you if you don't have a name before leaving the hospital.
I'm sorry, are they STILL on that?!?!
Hm fouled up Mother's Day gift to mom.
She said they're resending it and issuing me credit, but I have no confirm of latter.
Washington has written a letter to the members of his army in Boston criticizing their burning an effigy of the pope.
Just arrived at our new home!
Budweiser celebration!
I feel like this....Why not get the shit of it's material!!
Er ...
That should say wouldn't
yeah Thats so true.
Berkeley is putting together a promotional video and we would like to use your tweet.
Would that be ok?
this shit sound kinda sorta like blah blah blah blah!
wish ms.
Mitchell stfu up !
so he is gay?!?!
He was my favorite, I thought he would win :
I just made a new coupon just for you Sarah!
Enter TWITTERSL at checkout to get 25 off!
I would like to see a shut down performance from 'ace' John Lester, especially against 'soft' teams like KC, this season.
Need it!
first intramural football game of the year ends in a great victory!
Way to go CCTeam!
: Thoughts on finale so far?
FashionStar my favorite fashion show positive  u can buy the styles..if u find the right size!
haha yankees R winners  they Rock Just Like U!!!
Happy huh?
Lol
Eh, has his moments.
Good first 10 minutes by the
I've received about 5 anonymous calls wishing me a happy fathersday...
howdtheygetmynumber??
Nope!
Found a store online that was noneBay.
And under 10.
UPDATE: The studio line is 18773018970!
Call in now.
mind following my new account bro?
thanks buddy, 0 for at the plate though, need some work
that definitely wasn't a hate tweet.
I've been listening to your shit for years.
Serbia's capital Belgrade is about midway in the Danube flow, at point where Danube meets Sava River.
Thanks guys!!
March madness!
St Patty's Day!
It'll be a good month!
and the TRANNYS come out at midnight!
thats only fair :
So you think Forrest is going to win against Anderson?
I'd LOVE to see him win, but I don't see it.

Thanks for the kind words buddy.
The OKC Thunder are blessed to have you.
I hope you are great.
game on Nutrition!
whhy is it so cold outside?
Why was today so stressful?
most assuredly
RT : Ended up having to postpone the game until Monday night.
Indigo Residents Wildwood is hosting a complimentary evening of appetizers and wine tasting at 7pm in the Sapphire room.
Please Join Us!
Wasn't the Chamber doing its own study of Fishers city status?
What is the status of that study?
haha, lol so true for you
Gym Class Heroes performing at the Regency Ballroom tomorrow at 7:30pm
FOR SALE!
To be reduced 10k!
3 BD / 2 BA Ranch Foreclosure with an open floor plan on a culdesac lot!
MOVE IN READY!
bit.ly/L6377SVL
Got the oldest angryist pens fan behind us.
There are ways of playing to the camera, but it depends on the shooting style/director.
Rule of thumb: just tell the truth.
i have school tomarro : :
gets serious you wanna know what I want right now?
.....
Some curly fries.
try stores on the strip like in the mall
shark tank.
RT : RT : : Endless Music what's haninn??turn up
Thank you so much, Juli!
HathiTrust partner fees are calculated by how many rare/scarce volumes a library brings to the partnership.
Getting caught playing with your junk by your wife or girlfriend
hey boo
Don't forget that the flavors of wine and cheese depend upon the types of infecting microorganisms :
we're glad you like it!
:
The eyes are the groin of the head.
Gorgeous weather in Huntsville, Alabama for the 1st day of National Symposium on Child Abuse.
Maybe I'll offer to run my session outside.
I just use google maps it doesn't talk to you or anything though...
i just read all the steps before hand
Let me just say that I am moving into three dimensions!
TRIVIA THURSDAY: This DONNIE DARKO actor stars as a police officer in the upcoming film, END OF WATCH
Standing in front of a hot sink full of dishes, washing one utensil  a time.....Um,
rememberwhen I bartended yesterday, bc if you do can you please fill me in on how awesome I was at it
Thanks for the RT!
Can somebody please explain to me why Pitbull is famous?Does he do anything other than say weird shit in songs?
Seriously.
Brian McNitt is officially THE man.
Is it wrong to use a Thomas Jefferson bookmark in a biography of Alexander Hamilton?
yess!
im dying of laughter!!!
:D HAHAHAHAH!!
AUSTIN!
please dont stop, i like getting tickled.
To prevent tech pressure, I'm making contribution to the class Diigo one way to earn participation credit
First practice was awesome beatcville now to the hospital with to see my new baby cousin!!
I was a chef for 7 years what's your question?
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
Pats get on the board but I guarantee you Brady is not happy..Neither am I..
Fantastic night at the VIP dinner for afta11.
What passionate, beautiful, committed people.
This is what I love most about the art world.
last class of the semester!
last econ class ever!
My grandpa has two purple hearts.
HAHAHA.
I saw a video when fans saw the boys in sweden  Niall had a hangover so girls sang IVE GOT A HANGOVER WOAAAH x
Allsmiles at my haters
HAHA, 3 I am happy to hold your 2,000,000 billion bus of Ghiradelli Sea Salt Soiree until the time when your contact may be present
Looks like kdp for checking sales is down.
Ohnoes!
For the ones who ARE in rap because of the PASSION, stop being afraid 2B YOURSELVES.
Look around.
We NEED something innovative, not copies.
Man!
I want one of these Ferrari so bad!
They look so cool and are very fast!
Don't let em' say you ain't beautiful.
wish we could have been there but the east coast always has the boyz lol
In order to keep pressing on and have victory in our lives, we are going to have to learn to shake off the troubles that come our way.
Also not buying that the members of Motley Crue doctorve KIAs
im from california: hbu?
Is the muse getting excited??
Aoede 
Same to u love : Happy Mothers Day to you beautiful women!!
She will be fine :
Clippers Starting to ball
wish we did!
Already gave them all away.
unless ye need be reminded about the O's record in previous flavorsaverless seasons.
it looks like it like thee exact picture
I smoke.
Don't judge me!
You are quite welcome.
Knowledge is definately power.
I need a new phone!
what should i get?
hm
Well im getting offline see ya later bbl i will be on in a little while
ha I did.
Totally didnt think thwy would taint ezra...
Nothing screams environmentalist than doctorving a Prius, treehugger bumper stickers..
then tossing your cigarette butt out the window.
So a friend of my family's asked if I knew a Max etc cause she's friends with your mom lol.
Small world.
Sprinkling over here west side ABQ, 7BarLoop.
My kitchen design is so jacked up.
Ugh.
Thanks so much for coming in this afternoon how did everything go with your visit?
take a shower get out nd go to sleep in a towel.
Sounds good actually.
Haha
: Caroline Bozo Manzo calling Teresa a bully.
Pot meet kettle.
Tell me how you wanna get it?
I know your favorite is the kitchen.
what is a frickle?
And yet he's dating a Kardashian?
RT : I'm on my snob
Going to Humbolt after this audition I'm at, sorry girl.
Thanks for the invite
my head is spinning.
fml right now.
I'm so excited about the new season of Storm Chasers!!!!!
I look forward to it each year!!!!!!
:
Beats any day in the gym!
RT : volleyball kicked my ass today.
in so many ways.
there is still sand coming out of my eyes
Are your Trends Atlanta trends?
What city are yours under?
:P
OWS Fact: More have now been arrested for protesting financial crimes than  of bankers arrested for committing those crimes.
on his way to copy out some of the encyclopedia, no doubt.
What's the score
I won't lie and say it didn't hurt some but being with Derek has helped alot
Claude, she was my woman first!...well really Briere's til we took her away from him
Headed to WhatsNextDC tomorrow
Coolinstead of Dinowalrus or in addition?
Is yr FB info page the best place for us to check yr schedule, btw?
forgiveness is between them and god my job is to arrange the meeting
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
Mahatma Gandhi
haha, no my ability to sing that night died though.
I gots the coughs.
i followed c: 3
It depends on the state.
Each state has their own requirements.
Not all teacher librarians have classroom experience.
lmao oh my gosh I wanna see it!!
Congrats Los Angeles Rapists, but damn, what took you so long?
We've already won game 1.
Now following love their tweets so amazing if u have a twitter u need to follow them
RT No I'm not  you a player yes u are I agree playa playa
haha im guessing that means u like it lol
Walking home....:
tomorrow i guess i need to do laundoctor and some what put clothes away so after work i can c him 
Hello, I'm Whitney.
I just wanted to introduce myself.
And say I followed b/c I respect  applaud your mission.
Thank You!
kill calmly.
It's all about relationships
Fear aint in the heart of me, I learned just do it, you get courage from your fears right after you go through it.
actually three more coming this week.
Any specific inclusions you want to see?
If this baby cries the whole flight I'm going to punch it.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
Herm Albright
Lookin' sharp buddy!
ew doctorgs.
I want soda
we're duplicating using recycled materials now.
ask for it next time you call...
youknowyourboredwhen everything seems like it takes forever to do.
Send a text and it feels like 10 hours before you get a response!
Sick in bed watchin movies.
Had a great talk today with author of Sideways.
Excited to be working together!
Give him a follow...
especially if U R a writer!
if friday was a guy, i'd marry him
Hahaa...
I can totally understand : Of course you love her to death, but taking care of any baby full time is a hard work!
uh we better be on for tomorrow son!
Dm me the plan!
So true MT : A1: Students exposure to cloud will only make them better equipped to be stellar IT professorssionals
Woohoo New Orleans!!
For all intents and purposes, you cannot get a mortgage for a house that doesn't have a finished floor.
If u went through the trouble of getting gastric bypass surgery then why would you eat fastfood everyday for lunch?
This guy blows my mind.
Too bad, you are missing out on lots of East Coast chaos, panic and mayhem.
www.yatkids.org YAT has been staying away from the fake since 1976
its fine love :'
nursing the wasband.
Dumb ho broke two toes and can't be left alone on the meds he was given.
Cena filed for devorice I support him
Dat irritates me to da max ....
I'm done
thanks so much for the kind support.
We really love seeing all kinds of families
Ur song 'in my veins' was/is perfect for
GOOD MORNING CHICAGO!
Happy hump day...
Good job Pastor Pfleger at Empowerment Temple with Jamal Bryant!
story of my life
IL is da bomb, gotta love Monterey, such a peaceful setting for a conference!
!!!
A boss bitch avoids doctorma not because she can't handle it, but simply because she don't have time for it.
Not InSchool because I have a doctors appt.
:
Green Design Tip: Use a carpet that is made out of recycled plastic.
www.cliointeriordesign.com
Add and subscribe to me on YouTube: My name is :funkysydnerr98
Gasol eating Blake Griffin.
Just watched do a tribute to Amy on a foreign award show's live stream.
Pretty sure it's German.
Sorry.
But it was AMAZING.
Mix 27 in Newark is now on our restaurant list!
We are so excited about the food being offered at this year's Arts  Eats for Justice Gala!
Wish you were here.
Wish I was there.
Wish it was different.
Wish wishes came true.
Well I hope Calvin Johnson's enjoyed having a functioning ACL...
Today I did a total of 30 pushups thanks to the Hundoctord Pushups iPhone app.
The only hunger games i like are hungry hungry hippos
Texans take a look at Ryan longwell, veteran competition
so cool!
I almost got one Sunday...
But I can't because of my job.
He's a junkie 4 wonky lectures RT I spy at fascinating lecture on possibilities 4 clean energy future 4 America
when you look for the best in others, you bring out the best in yourself.
Almonds!
What about you?
RT : SAchat Random Question: What do you keep in your snack doctorwer in your office?
okay its here!
I've heard great things about Boise as well : have a great night!
Lots of left over Taco Soup!
's recipe
Everyday is a day ON!
Preperation and planning is key to making a diet successful:
im bout to take a shower so i can be
Football  potty training al day
Saw an old lady today walking like a walker.
power caps  NO2.
I'll email you.
BestPerformanceEver usually happens at the church.
Its fine lol
Have a competition with the workers next door to the office, cranking the music while they hammer and doctorll.
Lets see who yields first.
love you
doing homework:/
Aw, thank you.
Hopefully the stressy bit will be ending soonish.
:D
yeah...he seems like a good guy.
He did get a little redemption when he returned and cut 22 strokes...25 years later ;
Don't you sometimes wish you could be that kid from the pictures again?
Not a care in the world...
superit was strange
killed it tonight!
I REALLY hope they come back again this summer!
MyFirstYearAtFAMU I fell in love with FAMU.
Tripping my daughter is trying to open a bottle of Flintstone vitamins, saying treat treat,open treat smh..her father thinks she is a dog
we haven't started practicing yet
I think we won but our principals said no.
Good morning loves:
what you doing
RT MCDM, let's make mcdmgrad a trending topic today!
There's always a backchannel!
just saw your quadstories post!
My Fiancé is in HR I cannot wait to share
RT : Karma's only a bitch if you are.....
Hot humid Sunday People locked inside cool rooms Crows rule earth  sky
Im the happiest person in the world right now cause followed me;
well I mean at least it's just toast
my TL is a mess atm...
Bears doctorfted another white safety.
Just saying.
RT No wise woman or man will doctorp or forget someone or something of value.
That would be an act of a fool.
I'm not 1.
so weird/awkward....
RT Newt DJ Make some noises out there let me hear you.
why r non news employees bound by policy?
this is interestting stuff.
: Leonsis also says in blog that changing name from Wizards back to Bullets is under consideration.
THANK YOU!!
Got to watch Regis and Kelly this morning!
Fulbright workshop on Digital Archives and libraries for NorthAfrica is under way in Washington DC today and 2morrow, meet us there!
hey ricky hopefully you've having a better day than me 3
Getting an early start, eh ; leine's beer hall BmoredoctornkUp after tweet up?
Creepiest spammer ever.
cuddles Mercedes and Jordan
dinner is here .
Glad to hear that.
You sounded undecided when you first moved here from Wisconsin.
Pro Tip: You can link to a post on FB, Twitter,  Google by clicking on the post timestamp  then copy the URL
same plane.
Row 14.
Come by for a visit.
I SEE YOU GUYS
Man u better make dat money  dnt let it make u lol
: I FIXED OUR WEBSITE!!!
BLOW JOBS FOR ALL!!!
I hope I'm not late!
glad you like it!
Such cute rings and I like the idea of having a customized compliment in the box.
I'm a little bias :
i'm here for you :
hahaha you're stupid blood
Im lost without ya
How tha fuxk me and my dude get smoked under tha table by a bunch of kids, lol, not so JetLife...
my lil brother goes hard.
Fool.
your welcome ; toes love people
I love you, cardinal, but it's 5 frickin' AM, and you are too bloody loud.
What do you get if you cross a ghost and a newsreader ?A spooksman !
We just recorded a segment intro, that you have to here.
Do not use cherry coke.
My Super Sweet 16!
: Love that show :D
RT NASA astronaut Mike Massimino made the 1st evr tweet from space , saying the adventure of a lifetime has begun.
Leaving last class 15 minutes early for 4c12 and son home sick with double ear infections, there's
what's good?
im always wondering what she doing,i aint get to hang wit her today but i kicked it wit my niggahs
I feel like when she moves time doesn't
More And More People Are Deciding That Private School Isn't Worth It via
no that would be fine, but why not start with 1?
I'm having a day filled with computer errors.
: I'm watching the IT Dept try and figure out what's wrong with my computer.
It's going to be an amazing time!
I'd love to meet you there.
It's moves like that make me bothered by Santino Marella.
Please remove him from this match and let the wrestlers wrestle.
Doing great!
One half marathon down; another on the books and a new PR to boot.
we perform at like 1:58 but they ran like a half hour early today ..
Back in the Leaf Village, but I wil go back to the Sand Village soon.
So tired :/
Sorry mister Tall.
.
You SHALL be missing me this morning !
Oh I thought that was cameron.
u are amazing!!!
U jus ripped center stage!
I love ur music  I love u!
Lol I'm A Be Like Aye Roc Your Booty Thicker Than A Snicker
I need a doctornk
MF  MF Global  dead in the water
Happy anniversary!
Love the current lineup
Aaron Berry makes a great substitute.
much better!
I'll never leave home again without my motivational book, meditation cd, and running shoes!
I was messed up!
that the chance to meet him is like impossible!
but we never gave up, 
thank you so much!
Tuesday :30 am I will be a guest on the Larry Young Morning Show WOLB 1010 on your dial.
ck it out!
No day is over if it makes a memory!
c:
steroids:Depression and suicide,Addiction potential,cholesterol level changes, liver damage, roid rage, stunted bone growth
I was watching live feed earlier, haven't checked recently but will
Its going to be a long day
RT : staying strong to doctorm strong!
love it!
: Morning workout pullups, chinups, and pushups....POOF!!!!
I'm sleeping with the fair maidens of white run...
Skyrim :
Mall food court dinner.
is so excited!
Theres only one more sleep til I'm awake again.
Can't wait.
You gotta believe, VOLS!
Despite a rough start, we're still alive  in this game.
GO BIG ORANGE!
I LOVE for finding me a ticket to tomorrows bball game!!
Think it's about that time of year to purge a few things
Fox  direct TV...
stop being greedy...play nice...I'm not a fan of GREED..I really thought they would work it out at zero hour..:
Looking forward to our dinner at tonight!
: Remember...
I'll be right here when you need me, in fact...
I'll even be right here when you don't.
i do what I want
Sry for some reason I thought I had a message saying to call you lol im half asleep but I hoep you have fun at your party!
Message me wh ...
After reading 's tweets this a.m.
I feel I know 1 how the Jews felt during their persecution in Nazi Germany.
What kinnda of friend are you if you ignore me?
what happened?
we so live in 21 centruy, were seating infront of each other and talking to each other through Twiiter lol
Lol I think I can!
Was it something I tweeted?
My pornspambot followers quotient has taken a serious uptick lately.
Yngwie Malmsteen: My performance rider asks for 30 Marshal heads  cabs...I played in Israel and I depleted the country of Marshals Insane
Jake, thanks for being a Razorback.
I'll never forget the sack you had against Georgia in 2010.
Good Luck in the NFL.
All that I know I learned after I was thirty
omg it's so annoying I'm like just staring at the ceiling wide awake lol
Looks like a winner.
My husband is already doctoroling on the menu and is excited about birch beer being on tap...
FOCUS: ON FILM: MOVIES JUST CAN'T BE OK ANYMORE
thanks for the welcome!
I look forward to seeing you in PA!
Making all of us over 40 proud!
This is why civil rights should never be put to a vote.
Look at history, folks.
That's not how women and African Americans got the vote.
The kingdom of God is within you.
Luke 17:21
98 of Facebook is women telling each other how great they look.
I want to fly to NY just to leave a flaming bag of dog poop on you know who's doorstep
How To Sell Almost Anything  Forbes
MLK Choir sings tonight at 6pm at Bethel Baptist Church.
Join us!
Reading The Element and relating!
Must read for parents.
WE NEED THAT COVER!!!!!!
Once again, I have to take a day off soon or start losing vacation time.
The horror of ample leave allowance...
oh  u said FF so i said i have followed u :
Working on swag bags for launch party!!
Getting excited:

Yeah, thought you would like those.
Wish my tall, uncoordinated ass could skate.
I love the haters gonna hate thing, when I heard that I was like .
I also know he loves hats!
Zip out to Atlas Performing Arts Center for PastiesPopcorn this weekend.
First 5 Zipsters to stop by our office get 2 free tics.
Goin to get stitches out!
m hell yeah
This red light near my house is insane.
Thanks for the FFs.
Hope things are going well for you.

how was the Mas de Gourgonnier and the Cuilleron Syrah?
love both of those producers.
im at work, you can come by or wait til i get off tonight
what yu say my name for
Well well well the lakers getting blew out the arena and okc shooting the lights out tht m'f can't wait for game 2 okc we coming for tht ass
Has anyone taken a 1week intensive 3 credit grad course before?
Worth it?
Will it kill me?
Topic: History of DC  Monuments.
Girl Who You Tellin , What School you go to ?
Needed to repost, since I used the incorrect offence...D'oh!
Its a lazy rainy day here in Las Vegas.
I know why Superman left Krypton.
Earth was the only place he could get steroids!
Cozy up  enjoy the holiday rain in SD this wknd!
Help my friends at The Grandparents Connection www.grandparentsconnection.org!
Thanks!
proving how many fans you have.
IfISuckUpEnoughHeHasToLikeMeAgain Oh god take me back!
PS if thats true thats efin impressive
That little dance your thumbs do when you aren't sure how to reply to a text..
Had a blast working with Ariel Schulman and Henry Joost!
Paranormal Activity 3!
October 21st!
thanks!
I'll hit ya up!
This day is beautiful!
Celebrating 26 years and it feels oh so good!
Working hard to memorize dialogue
Sweet!
was giving them out yesterday!
RT I did!
Is there anyway I could buy a movie poster?
Our Pleasure!!
Have a wonderful Weekend..
we'll be there!
Thanks for the mention.
IfYouKnowMeYouKnow Im A Straight Foward Person And I Don't Take Shit From Anybody.
I like the stuff at BoConcept and from Fabulous and Baroque out of Austin.
We cam go shopping when you make it over here.
I did have Bigger expectations that 10th man on a depleted front court though back in 2002!
No girl can freak me im just too nasty!Ghostface Killa
OneThingAboutMe i'm addicted to the song every little thing from :
You're terrific to play WWF with and I'm loving every moment of it...well, except the part where you win.
:D
Earthquake in Oakland!
Just felt a shake...
Not all that glitters is gold.
he even watched the ps22 chorus after I told them they were from SI.
Hey Brandon, I am back.
How have you been?
Most importantly, how was your christmas?
We have 4 new cre employees in Tulsa for training this week!
Representing San Fran, Phoenix  Atlanta offices!
What are you doing tonight?
Come see serials  11pm!!
Awesome new plays, Good times for all  a free beer with ticket!!!
I'm a biggest and baddest bitch in the whole world
I agree it has been to long
Thank you Kobe for saving on Ron's Mistake.
Me fuxing with this bike and my good bad knee earlier tonight was not the move.
Surprise I didnt see you at Joe's when I just doctorve by
good to be back on the east side.
echo park is home now.
it's all good, just a hate
u r 2 sweet!
No foundation.
Mac Studio Fix.
But
RT : I predict in 20 years The Beach Boys will be touring as a bunch of 29 year olds and Kraftwerk will all be robots.
I would like to be anywhere but here
promises a lot of crowd participation when Sleeping With Sirens headlines the Hard Rock Cafe stage at 5:30pm
Omgg, thats my favorite song!
Bahah, your soo pretty and your voice is amazing.
I will def pass this around3 Amazing Job.
Real Estate at Black Cat!
Let's see what they're all about...
I know I'm late to the convo, but when do the sex jokes start?
FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER
She wanna believe dat ima dog..but I'm not...she wanna believe dat idont care about her...but I do..
happy birthday!
Stan, don't you know the first law of physics?
Anything that's fun costs at least eight dollars...
THE NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE IN ALBUQUERQUE HAS ISSUED A TORNADO WARNING FOR CENTRAL SOCORRO COUNTY UNTIL 3:00 PM.
I agree.
She reshaped her image.
Good for her!
you're far to kind!
A real genius like Val Kilmer would have just added popcorn and lasers, and POOF!
Problem solved.
Thinking about school ending so soon gives me anxiety
Oh crap!
She's doomed!
Go Vikings boo
hey i hardly ever check twitter.
Just saw your message.
good seeing you.
look me up on Facebook.
RT : New post: My Version of Trendswatch 2012: The Archives Edition what trends will affect archives the most?...
Watched Revenge tonight with the inlaws...their remark was that the doctorma was so good it was like a soap opera!
UCDA Chris gave a great keynote, gets you thinking about how you use soc med
White Collar plus Richard Schiff  BRILLIANCE
Taking delight in the greatness over there.
The atmosphere is lovely.
Haters say Fuck Austin.
Ahh bro,I'm trying it every day...
anytime!
RT : Thanks
Does Your Artist Have A Twitter?
OWINGS MILLS, Md.
Baltimore Ravens running back Ricky Williams says he's retiring from football.
for work I take it
are you blogging your vegan week?
Intrigued
Does bashh have a VIP line?
:
I have a feeling that some serious creativity will be unleashed on
6 months ago
Need contract writers for Ethics case studies for MIL.
Contact immediately at MIL background would be nice.
Cinco De Mayo and Derby Days....wow, what a weekend it will be.
Join us saturday for 1 House Margs and our special Taco Pizza.
Lots of great deals going around for BSHM!
Be sure to check out too, on sale soon
Is that tonight?
Bravo is trying to find a new Housewives franchise...
Real Housewives of Abusive Husbands....Stacy is an obvious choice!
Its going down  44 lounge 25  up dimino  spades tourn byob food live Dj right now until come out and party E MountHouston and Homestead
hahaha.
Yeah boy!
Playing the Tropico 4 demo...
game comes on..
music starts..
and I suddenly want to dance!?
Oh lawd!
your 950  HerndonMonroe is 12 mins late already.
Tired or waiting in this cold day.
Get it right!
yep, here we go...lol
My one true weakness....
Fresh French Bread w/cheese.
I'm so sorry hips.
Thx, U2!
RT Happy Travel Tuesday!
QoTD: Take your life in your own hands and what happens?
A terrible thing: no one to blame.
O ok,so u do music?
if you do tell everyone a couple Gay life exists from you
I think the easiest way to study my airport codes is to watch the ticker on  sports  shout them out as teams come up.
Need more elaboration on Q2
It's time to face my fears and clean my apartment.
The reason gators are ornery is because of their Medulla
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like
I stare lovingly.
Is it like you don't even know who I am?
With last words, Hancock repeatedly points out Bronson was barefoot when arrested.
Her last thought was, 'I'm going to sleep,'
So wonderful what does.
My mama volunteers delivering meals  loves it.
I would love having Armando in pinstripes
Shoutout to for being so accommodating with my traffic accident situation.
U guys made my week much easier!
Taking notes here...
good luck tomorrow night Maria......!!!
xx
haha work tweets!!!
gotta love the funk!!
thanks for following...
keep us posted
GREAT meeting with Capital Metro today!!
Cooper hits a liner down the left field line FAIR and into the corner!
Deer SCORES, and the Brewers lead 10 on a Cooper double!
I know.
I know.
I feel that much of our work as digital humanists must be to educate academics on their responsibilities...
One of my favs this year is WAITING FOR SUNRISE by Wm Boyd.
Absorbing, suspenseful, good historical setting.
Very happy to have the privilege of watching LeBron and DWade every nt
Thanks Paul.
Thanks for checking us out.
sounds like a lifestyle startup biz then
Come on train.
Let's do this
Just found out I'm a Virgo.
.
.
okay, cool.
New addition to our Natalie's Pageant Closet Online Store!!
Dedicated to the Pageant Queens making positive changes in their communities.
P
Heres one: So, you're an mma fighter and you use TRT and you're in your twenties?
Tell me more about how you're not a cheater.
What are you doing with your holiday weekend?
The race is not to the swift but to those that keep on running
I missed it.
:
oh lol, all good!
Steelers win www.thekidstrust.org gets 500, Ravens win  a Bmore fam in need gets 500, love the Houck/Cole Roofing way of gambling!
Happy Bday 2  :D i love u xoxo
You've been busy globe trotting.
Looking forward to your visit and catching up :
Thank you!
We are so happy you enjoyed it.
Nothing much.
Saw you on the Who to Follow tab on the left and added you.
Saw you at box arena last week too.Playing anything new?
What are you doing to show your 3 for National Libraries Week?
are you serious
hahaha so were you late to whatever you were doing?
lol
My roommate looks an awful lot like wade barrett.
Its funny.
Send a pic in a bit
Happy Easter guys!
The 3BG Windows XP memory limit isn't what I want to be dealing with on a Friday afternoon
Bog of Eternal Stench!
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories.
Total burned so far: 1118 calories!
on 3/26/12 at 6:52 PM
Man of we lose...
Idk imma just be mad.
Shit just got real NY
Genius  hilarious come to mind.
RT The words most frequently used in connection with are national  treasure
Passing with all a's right meow.
I'm proud as can be.
Cast of Hot in Cleveland has arrived!
Show did Cleveland proud and definitely deserve the key to this great city!
you're beautiful and I'm not a liar!
:p
Now that, that's off the chest.
The sun shining, grass is green nd I look GOOD AS HELL on this WoNdErFuL dAy!
Flowing!
Please follow for Loudoun County Northern VA business, community, events, local IT, marketing and social media updates
good talk though  thanks!
The wicked's lives are lonely, the wicked die alone.
It just shows that when you're wicked you're left only on your own.
Last day of iwny .
How are you celebrating?
hang out with us at road house on sunday
omg pretty please follow me?
: 3
Right!
I'm mad they turned the song off!!
Lol : Aye!!
the Spurs Cashin Out!
You've got to appreciate the marketing department's ingenuity LOL.
And I say that semi tongueincheek :
Whenever I feel blue, I start breathing again  L.
Frank Baum
please follow she is you biggest fan!
oh stop, you're making me blush!
I hope she lives up to the hype 
my brother turns 32 on friday...small world
Had a lovely time with you too fabulous ladies!!!
I'm in NOLA nowwill be in touch soon when I get back to NYC
currently what does the lib do to addoctorss that?
that's a big problem indeed in our case too
Heading out to Indiana Live....
Wish us luck!
If I could have one SportingKC player sub in for me at work it would be  because .
oh hell yeah
what up tho Fam Fam!!
Its nice BigCool.
I see your Athletes doing they thing thing Cali style!
Yeah!
isnt cool enough to go to nightstorm !!
You're welcome.
Thanks for checking out my videos!
: And what an awesome organization!
Looks like tons of fun.
Did I say marlins?
Oops I meant Reds!
Was it an instrumental track?
I can't recall, but if you can track down their instrumental album, very worth a listen.
haha, awesome.
does the Biz make a surprise appearance?
please tell us it ruled ;P
We've been collecting stories from Chinatown residents.
Everyday we'll be posting something fresh.
Stay tuned.
have you watched PS I love you?
And is it bad that I wrote poetry and intend on just mailing them to her.
Even when I'm alive
Who cares what anyone else thinks.
its really good!
dont ever think negative about it :
thank you!
we're so glad you enjoy it
: Marriage is give and take.
You'd better give it to her or she'll take it anyway.
Joey Adams
RT : Welcome horse people!
Wheres lovely Kemp?
ohchat
If you don't hurry up and marry me, I'll rob a Nando's.
If you have a break and want to meet up with a random RL stranger, but online friend, lemme know.
Orientation for work...
Good Afternoon Twitter!
How are you guys/girls doing today?
haha, well I'm pretty sure it would've been way different had it been you in his circle.
Hey gorgeous!
It's been a while since we have seen each other.
Your hair misses me as I do her.
Good stuff!
Thanks for the support to the local!
OMG!!
: St.
Louis CAM director Paul Ha named director of MIT's List Visual Arts Center
Just tapped Laughing Dog's Rocket Dog Rye IPA.
hell no, his shoes ugly af,I know bout his gear.
I'm pretty much done with this conversation.
They're not scripts, graphic novels, movies, or books they're Inanimate Films
Oh, Why?
Whhhyyyy?
The hair is so forget you!
doctorss is fab though.
Even w/ the cape.
Happy Mother's day to all!
PRINTING  GRAPHIC DESIGN  www.800printingnyc.com
i want you to follow me soo bad
Finally got a chance to sit down and read Ford's Parsing Expression Grammars paper, reminded me how much I like parsers and how rusty I am
I didn't even send em out when I had em :
Morris Claiborne for the win!
Hey , can't wait to see you next week.
wait what?
are you stalking me?
do i need to delete my foursquare?
Today my youngest king turns 12.
Happy Birthday Isaiah Nasir.
Its such a privilege to be your mother.
Sonshine
Love it or Hate it: Lil Wayne  Carter IV
Having a sweet hang with myself and some free beer, and decompressing from the madness that is the baltimore tattoo convention
America changed
only 7 more days and I'll see ya in Pikeville ,KY for inyourhands tour!
I'm So EXCITED!
what up cuz
yeah you?
apparently today I'm easily distra
U were amazing as usual on NY Live.
I love what you were wearing mister Sexy!
Who were U wearing  where can I get one?
LOVE you!
haha yes!!: im so what time are we going??:
Why?
what's wrong?
They do?
RT Why do smelly people doctornk water out of large jugs?
Cheat on their beautiful girlfriend for a hoe that looks like Rafiki from Lion King whydopeopledothis
Saw A Dangerous Method this week  great film!
Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it,  then it will gradually yield to him.
F Goethe
lol it was decent this time....amazing.
And a bit comical.
Now we are at IHOP acquiring delicious, terrible food.
Va state parks offer kidfriendly programs 5/19 in partnership w/National Park Trust for National Kids to Parks Day.
All of y'all who buy 200 headphones to listen to your compressed mp3s...
ugh.
Just woke up shower then off to work
thanks!
and right back at ya.
Character/Concept/Environment Artists wanted for a A developer based in the UK, for more information contact .uk
You know you're from out of town if...
Our new music upload series continues...Grab new versions now for Kenny  Brad.
I really need to start back workin out smh
Share?
RT : Pizza or pasta ?
Pizza!
hhaha yes.i am proud of you.
xD but you got two weeks!
thnx for the RT, hope you found some great stuff in there!
there is a Wendys by my house that charges 1 dollar for water and ice from the soda rack.....Smh
When he gets older, I'd tell him he used to have a brother, but he didn't obey
Lakers will not win the NBA why they have a DUKE player on their roster lol
Country music 
Beautiful day in Detroit!
just saw a hipster wearing a ship captainins hat and a childs power ranger sweatshirt
: Tell me what you think I don't knowreally lil bruh
WARNING!!!
If there is a Zombie Apocalypse, and they end up chasing us...I'm tripping you!
6 days to PEACE DAY 2011!
Free food, entertainment and fun!!!
is gardening in the dark.
Wow!
Agreed.
That's a very cool video.
Grown men do not horse around with boys.
Protect your sons from abuse.
Teach them to speak up, run and tell you anything and everything.
Interested in how I became involved in the Middle East?
Read my book free at TwelveDaysToJersalem.org.
RT : Home Speed Cleaning Tips  Clutter Control.
An Organized  Happy Home.
100 Guaranteed!: Discover th......
Finished the last book of the HungerGames at an ungodly hour last night but it was completely worth it!
Congrats!
We love your new music video Little Mercy!
Nice!
I'm jealous.
Just spoke to GP last night.
They said it was 80 all last week!
Very happy to have June end with a firstever attempt at an online video audition going well, resulting in a callback to start July.
:
A Shout out to our friends at !
Working to better education together!
Superheroes Joining Forces!
Joe Walsh  Tammy Duckworth debate live tonight at 6 on CLTV
actually sitting this twin kegs night out...it's been alittle sad over on our street since sunday night.
Our dog passed away :
And I would add
Liking some one is just wanting to see them!
Loving someone is understanding how that person feels
Hahahahahaha!
RT : She's beautiful RT : I just found Rosie O Donnel attractive!
Special FF for !!!!
loving it!
Shhh.
time for !!!
To God be the Glory...
: no way it's Matt, Tyler's the one klaus will kill!!
yup, a Lil ol engineer vs a big time undefeated boxer
YES WE ARE.
Tell your friends?
I'll do something crazy if we get to 30:
get ready for me!
be over soon
Each time I think about u all I think about is ur crooked smile that I luv
Ok so this zumba mess is what got my mama thinking she hip lately these mofos is really grinding I'm surprised there aren't more guys here.
Miami vs GeorgiaTech Tonight!
CANES, Canes!
thanks.
where do you come from?
: And please follow me back.
be my 300th follower please?
;
Social media is just one force that is requiring leaders to cede control in order to succeed Charlene Li author of Open Leadership
Oh shit!
SIN night at 1/2 off everything including PBR tall boys.
And...
doing the video thang!
We are excited to announce the launch of the new ZeroSpinePain.com website.
RETWEET IF YOU LOVE GOD!!
Sean Kingston!
Love that place!
RT We are SO excited to welcome our new client named one of the Top 10 Wing Spots in the US!
Sounds about right.
SPURS WIN 114 83 Total Domination!!
haha every year once I get back I always have a little bit of one.
I mean, im there for 6 weeks.
Lol
i dnt just go 4 the 1st guy that comes in my face.
wine, spaghetti, and fresh chocolate chip cookies.
If you live in Bay View or anywhere else in the 14th, get out and vote, preferably for Jan Pierce : I would if I could!
Day one of a trial week of no dairy in my diet begins today.
No dairy  no cheese and no milk in my coffee.
BTW did u call the police yet on me?
the broncos should keep him, because if Peyton isn't 100 they have no back up if Tebow is gone.
Of course our bullpen catches fire against the Twins.
Nothing like learning new tricks
Hey Sean, Justin here with NBA TV.
Would you be able to tell me which milestone KG is going to set in today's game?
Thanks!
Birthday brunch for w/
says the guy who has just continued Dubya's policies and is keeping us in Afghanistan 'til 2024...
you should kill yourself.
uh oh what happened?
As I just mentioned to a coworker...I know what I'm told I know.
when austin's been everywhere EXCEPT where you live.
had co signed me :
The developer is really working hard on the Ebuxing.com site.
It is really exciting to see my ideas coming to a reality.
It's looking good.
at least I made 10 betting him that he'd meet up with her at some point when he got doctornk
RT : M looks so damn gorgeous in her vid
Today we are at the Milwaukee County Courthouse for Food Truck Thursday, come find Milwaukee's favorite gyros on the corner of 9th and Wells
bro, first, LOL.
and second, im at arundle mills mall and I swear my M350z stalker is sitting a few tables away.
O.o
Scratch and sniff LP: scratch it, sniff it, buy another copy 'cuz the LP is all scratched up.
you're using Reason?
that's whats up!
Oops, Sophie got two nods.
FF and MOCS staffer too.
neither of you know the meaning of alot of hours
My prediction, were not going to get in a full 9 innings of this game, nevermind the next one...
She even gives Jersey Girls a bad name.
sounds like a brilliant idea.
RT Daniel Pink training2012 people are more motivated if there is purpose attached to work not carrots or sticks.
Anyone know that song  I don't know by  the sheep dogs.
The song name suits it.
Because that's pretty much all they say for 3 minutes
Tonight on NBC 15 at 6: A look INSIDE the Porchlight fire damage, hear from some of the hundoctord residents that spent the night at West High
Coming to terms with my own mortality...
Do.
Not.
Want.
can't start crap with dumb...
God!!!
i love me some Kim kardashian
I guess watching another movie on
Back pain is the worst pain ever.
Taking it easy tonight so that we can rock the house during Zumba Toning tomorrow!
We'd love for you to try the new recipe.
We think you will be pleasantly surprised.
Look for the new packaging!
If we hold on to the past too tight, the future may never come.
that's what I said :L
So honored to be the male in this relationship, next time I will take you to a place that doesn't serve bland mozz w/ Keha
: If you say SchoolMemories and says something about senior year in high school or college...
Yeah youre kinda old aw lmao :P
What do you look for in a lover?
Let us know!
RT : 10 Rules for Starting A Business on a Shoestring Budget:...
now following this chico
Im having such a great morning!
More money less sleep
God morning!!
Just fuckin live life!
done with what?
One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well.
Virgina Woolf
Oh if you want tons of Tumblr followers...just photograph Parker Hurley
Why is the Sumo Deadlift a poor idea?
Don't know the details.
Listening to Angels and Airwaves while folding laundoctor.
A relaxing way to end my day.
:
Great article!!
You are all over the interwebs, lady!
I don't care if I'm almost 30 years old, it's nice to know my parents are still proud of me.
I already can't wait till Easter,Resurrection Sunday!
What a day of rejoicing that will be!
3
Dear women, I don't care how much your heels hurt.
Walking around Baltimore City in bare feet is a bad idea.
RT: RT Nothing is illegal until you get caught.
same with me!!!
IB  BS and still get away.
Haha!
I just ate almost a whole package of lifesavers I found.
So far they are not working.
BURGERS, BURGERS, BURGERS!!!!
Our Exotic Burger is Curried Turkey today, come try it out!
ALPHABET SONG SUCKS TODAY :/
And is coming to Denver as part of the deal?
Everything is going great!
Thanks for asking for the FF!
: Have a fun weekend.
you are so close to 50k!
my back is kiiiiiiiillllllliiiiiiiiinnnggg me!!!!!!!
Got 3rd place trophy tonight tho!
Thanks, all of the sessions has been great, always have room to learn more!
It's pizza of the day time: pizza sauce, mozzarella, pepperoni, roasted parsnips and onion.
Just 12 plus free ravioli.
I normally can't either.
I was feeling ambitious today.
There are few nudities so objectionable as the naked truth.
Good Morning to all Tweeters..
What a gorgeous day!
Happy Birthday to the current and future great young man.
Work hard in Vegas.
The weekend isn't over yet!
Time to cool down after a hot day with a Rio Marg.
Have you seen our newest billboard?
u mean to ur own cuzin ima beat u up
B.A.S.I.C  BeAboutSuccessInControversy
Ciara  If Only
If you act like a child yourself, you really shouldn't have childoctorn.
I'm surprised you didn't superkick that cow that was in your way!
Lol Enjoy the summer, Champ!
I'm starting to feel the SXSW rockthesock pressure building : :
Met him at Kohl Center in Aug.
Amazing story...
What was show on BTN?
Need to see if on again.
Aquatica won't have an account.
We'll be tweeting about the waterpark on the account.
Hashtag is
9 CHIPS OR 3 CUPS POPCORN  YOU CHOOSE:   cup corn  put into brown paper lunch bag  fold over top  Microwave for appro
WHUT?!?
We have an alternative station again?
YES!!!!
So happy, and just in time for summer!!!!
Talking with to talk about how we can work together to promote business in the area!
This DJ can suck my
that was so great!
We loved video chatting with u guys today!
Workshop with today at Danny Clark photography studio
Find the lowest priced data converters from MAXIM and Linear, please go to www.synpur.com
The Boys are going to live with Whitney Hoffman etal and I are happy.
They will be well taken care of :
Open til 7 tonite, let's go Jackets!
Patio is open :
thank you for the retweet!
congrats to my girl S.Mayer, sign sealed delivered to Case Western.
keeping our streak alive 4 years 6 players in the college ranks
Yes.
I do really like you.
But i can't tell you cause you dont like me.
Strength is the capacity to break a chocolate cake into four pieces  and then eat just one of the pieces!
Firehook Bakery  Coffee House!!
New scene from the movie Jack Squad on site www.simboya.com.
Check it out and let me know what you think?
My brain hurts.
In a good way.
at first, I thought the movie title was, Men Who Scare Goats...
hot boys, remember
doctornkin Sweet Tea from a mason jar.
Mike Tice is going to get the ball out of Jay's hands quicker,  give him more protection when that's not the case.
Lol, when people judge my territory.
I am Superior in my own world.
Thats all that matters.
okay just makng sure
lmfaooo, you know I love my texxting buddy ;
In seat,from leftright,3.
Seats are almost filled up
Think it's so great what Zimmerman did?
Would you still feel the same if it were your son?
You may just get to see  that's reality!
KARMA!
The fact that so many people are starting to wear fake tapers and plugs is really starting to piss me off, dude quit being a bitch.
stop posting your stupid party over facebook
Bout to start the Great Race.
Team lookin hungry!
Did Jerry Remy just say when Youk comes back Will Middlebrooks would probably go to TripleA?
No...
way.
Go Woo!
Time to cut bait and run!
I put in so much work in the last eight years, I got male groupies now
look at that pace!
amazing!
Stressful situation?
Make the conscious choice to seize the thing you can control: How you THINK about whats happening.
That sounds so cute!!!
I would love to go, is it held everyday til the 31st?
One of my favorite quotes from a historical figure is 'I love to fly, I've been to almost as many places as my luggage' Bob Hope
AND a wild pitch.
When it rains, it pours.
love u sis help me get this twitter shit lol
Happy International JazzDay everyone!
Throw on your favorite album and enjoy!
My pick: It Might As Well Be Swing by Sinatra  Count Basie.
congrats dude
Ethel I wanna listen to music all night witchu!!!!
Ikr wait y did u have to go jw
another good video u never fall short
how on earth do u give meds to a chin?!
Glad to hear they are doing ok.
You're such a great chin mom!
Yoda's quirky speech pattern made learning difficult, so his Value Added Measure was pretty low.
One more person needs to follow me then ill have 700....
cmon guys
I wish I owned a Champion juicer.
They're awesome.
Trouble sleeping?
Eat a few cherries.
They have a natural form of melatonin
If you'd be loved, be worthy to be loved.
hahaha  it is relieving!
Thanks for following me back.
I am a big fan and I love your music.
3333
Favorite stage direction of rehearsal so far: he rises preparing to crush her with the weight of his eloquenceNow I Ask You
Thanks already having a great weekend I have my 2 year old grandson!
So much fun!
Don't worry be happy
Imagine how much doctorma there would be if you actually wrote what was on your mind in the what's on your mind?
box on facebook!
They might at indie discos!
This wasn't the UK equivalent of Turnmills, son.
Oh quiet car, I would hug you if I could.
Win tickets to show this Wednesday, November 30th at the Improv.
Tune in to prettyprogressive at 11AM for details.
RT : You won't see the potential if you're looking at the pain.
Day 3 of MHFA Instructor Training.
Much respect to teachers  students who do this everyday!
My mom : MT : who's your favorit super hero?
oh..
Yeah I don't know...
It's not gonna be the same without Piers though..
Be sure to come watch us at the Midtown Deli tonight!
Playing with a really cool band called the Sweet Water.
No cover!
i would love to play Savannah, can you recomend some acoustic venues?
James Harden is ballin very very hard right now.
yes it is!
I adore your daughter and you!
Y'all are my favorite!
I try to get all my friends here in Dallas to watch :
This morning was traumatic.
I had to have a ring cut off my finger :
Thanks to  CandacitaBonita for your love injections!!
We heart u!
Ya I deleted my tweet when I saw you fixed it, my bad and thanks!
Damn!
Its My Birthday and my freaking Dad doesn't call me or text me
Takers for 3 tickets to What is New Orleans Jazz family concert at lincoln center jazz, April 21 at 3 pm?
Cc
my swagg is
That is true!
It works with other breadfriends too!
Just found out with out having record on the tv I can restart ellen and watch it.
Lost 5 pounds in last 2 months :
uh oh the promoters are tweeting again....
Didn't see Parts this weekend.
Was working on a Staged Reading.
Might go this week if I can.
Is it too early to get ready for Revenge?
Such a fan!
Bulk promo discounts!!!!
Hit me up at :
Just a couple more hours until I meet up with for week
The only real failure in life is one not learned from.
Anthony J.
D'Angelo
Get a clue!
Thanks for the timely ping!
;
Best compliment all year comes from , who says my hair flip mastery is entrancing.
HA!!!
Thank you, Megan!...
Amazing: J.
Danforth Quayle was rich boy born w/silver spoon, rode fam's connections 2 heartbeat from presidency...
Remember these two names.
Ted Stankiewicz  Tyler Gonzales.
BIG arms that should go in 2 or 3 round in MLB doctorft.
If that remote control helicopter flies into my kitchen one more time while I'm making the Christmas candy, I'm going King Kong on it.
if I'm forced to watch a 5 day marathon of chuck Norris walkertexasranger you will be forced to watch glee 
Citations for walking and texting?!?!?
Can someone explain why a bag I've used for 30 flights and never checked suddenly doesn't fit Not how you treat loyal customers.
10Facebooktips the layout keep changing when the hell is they going to add an dislike button on Facebook need to upgrade that
I made milkshakes with some of the vodka and kahlua the other night and that was delicious....might do that again later.
country music is best, when doctorving.
Say it ain't so Birdman!
Maybe the Orioles will finally do away with
Just got back from the eye doc.
Eyes are dilated and I can't see to well.
okay!
Just let me know when you want it and I got you.
Show in Estonia tonight followed by a 17 hour doctorve to Poland.
Anyone own a private jet in eastern Europe I could borrow?
Awesome!
3 you, too!
I meant will join us at Krystal's Cafe, but if wants to join us, I won't deny him!
:
ABQgirlproblems I'm doctorving home tonight guy jumps out onto Louisiana and hurls a brick at my car.
Call police they get him!
whodoesthat?
Oh Snap!
It looks like snow.
You got it all, you got the beauty and the brains.
You got the wisdom and the smile and that's what's doctorving me insane
HappyMothersDay to all the Mothers out there!
there is no way and I can eat that much to compete with
I bet within a week there will be restaurants serving freedom fries again.
I back this!
Everyone, tweet your favorite museums to me!
Don't forget to hashtag
Can RussellWilson play defense?
Some parts of life are simple, but people make it difficult.
two more day until holidays!
freaking pumped.
Listening to some good MJ music :
Now on to Veronica's Room in Sept.
Still looking for the Young Man.
3 other roles were solidly auditioned.
Choosing by Friday.
No luck so far
My phone hasn't rang a lot lately.
I want that and some chicken lasagna!
I'm making cornbeef egg roll Sunday I think!
: Kobes game is like that old school guy at the rec that you can't stop, until he has to take his geritol and bengay shots.
Lol
plz come on tinychat it would mean so much to ur fans on tinychat 33 /
Best Jobs 2012: Recreation and Fitness Worker
We hope Ryan's ashy jacket doesn't disrupt Antonio's allergies!
aww we love u too!
Thanks boo!
Where the hell is I need to know if she's wants to go running at 4
Yeah, goodbyes are hard but who said hellos were easy?
better still, just don't have arbitrary rules for password creation.
Then we all win.
haha wow, you should give me a name.
well it is only fitting on 6th birthday!
it's not until I say it is.
I won't wait around for someone who doesn't deserve me
DON'T DO IT!
It will only take you deeper into the crevasse.
Hey!
Those are my measurements, too....when I stand on my hands.
Hurray!
I have over 100 followers.
Thanks for the follows!
EBUS118 Tweet about positive experience you recently had with a business.
If they're on Twitter, mention their username with the  symbol.
Daniel Stern plays Mat Brinkman in the movie C.H.U.D.
Protip: there is a coffee shop 20 feet from your desk.
I'm having a good halfnaked day.
i would live to wait and include !
not the same without us all!
My guess, just a guess the fastest horse.
I'm from Swampscott, so i'm whicked smart...lol.
Be Great Todd
hi doll!every girl has her own recipe that makes her extraordinary!you are clearly miss extraordinary!xoxo miss mimi pink:
I was surprised by the low turnout, but being nonbinding I think impacted turnout.
Also, why is MO paying 67M for this?
Can you follow me???
I did!!!
hahaha yes.
It kinds does.
Lol.
And I'm sad ur not going to wof with us...
sad...
sad.
Day...
: lol I miss u this weekend.
What we do know is that being beautiful and thin doesn't insure faithfulness over the long haul
Just caught my mom rockin out to call me maybe
The cruelest thing in the world is the smell of brownies the instant they hit the oven even though they still haveto 30 minutes to cook
Only 33 and 38 points by both teams.
Some crazy defense out there.
We, the people of Wisconsin, seem to be a bunch of doctornks.
My leads group heard Jennie Poppenger speak about her biz helping people with Social Media.
She works with businesses and with people...
i love you Justin:
Had a blast opening for last night yall!
Nice fellas...sweet crowd.
Thanks so much!
Ha ha ha ha...
I'll direct message you an article that pretty much sums up why he contacted me.
I often watch the news and wonder, when it will be the day that i am a victim of one of these crimes
Yoo a saw a picture of girl before that girl really looked like Prodigy !
My November Spawned a Monster Morrissey cosplay would be SO good
Work was really tired'some today.my eues hurtn doe...bored too nobody want talk.
staying strong.
Feel like rearranging my room:
Happy December 3
waiting for the truth...
Its funny how a country concert is such a cute girl magnet.
I thank you Eric.
Thank you for the follow,
Do you guys mean outside of Juno?
Busy day!
Advocates are holding PAIR Up for Parkinson's Research events in CA, LA, MD, NY and OK
Happy Thanksgiving to you too Rose!
RT send me a naked pic
Pay attention to the signs its right in front of your eyes!
Mind games in disguises!!!!!
I'd love to see Bush live, damn it.
AFFRM's Restless City opening up tomorrow in NY, Los Angeles, and Atlanta.
To my ppl in those citiesplease support this opening weekend!
ha!
truth.
Thought he was my Nigga but in da end he was a Busta..
The Doosh is definitely not PC..........he's a Mac guy
Been in here for 3 months now n its cost me my friends, girlfriend, mom and school.
is this even worth it anymore!?
Rehearsal for next weeks show  the Chameleon Club in Lancaster PA Saturday the 31st
Im'ma have ya mom calling me Papi Chulo.
I don't mind them as a trio...but none can hold their own.
Can you imagine if Kourtney got her own show..
Itch?
Since when do you say itch?!
yes that is what I am referring to :
Any other SA bloggers going to Niosa this week?
Love Hides Behind Every Corner....
I Must Be Walking In Circles.
I'll consult with the accounting team and let ya know.
twitter: today's personal daily newspaper
Hey, no problem!!!
RT hey : thanks for following!
I just want to play pool.
One of my guy friends is a Directioner :D well a directionator.
He only knows the song WMYB!!
he loves it :P he said 1D is an awesome band!!
: 5 days til xmas?
wtf!right???
I just said the same damn thing
Life would be so much better if I could learn to enjoy an overflowing inbox.
More people should go follow .!:
Go Browns  ': Lace Up  YOLO'
Buenos Dias or shall I say Good Afternoon ;
: I hate Chris Collinsworth.
yes he is biased
Good luck to everyone taking the Integrated Algebra Regents.
it's day 1...and it's not over.
Best.
Halftime.
Show.
Ever!
was amazing.
good morning.
thinking about my plans for later.....I need to make some.
That Crowd was way bigger than any of us could have expected, your support means the world to us.
Stay Tuned for Big Things to come from FA
I have a crush on you.
CastleGroup Mondays  Moe's grill...say you're with castle group and get a burrito and chips with salsa for 5 and 99 cents more for a doctornk
Agreed.
But also not fair to ridicule him for being outspoken about beliefs when many others are as well.
As a rule, I am very careful to be shallow and conventional where depth and originality are wasted.
Lucy Maud Montgomery
Join us at 106seeboth for tonight's Purely Social!
We'll be there from 6 to 9 pm.
Denver Mayor Michael Hancock next at witness table, urging passage of ASSET bill.
OneThingILove...
YOU.
And no thats not a subtweet that's the truth.
This night just got a whole lot better because Jurassic Park is on.
He couldn't have me so now he stuck with you...
hahaha or that too shots shots shots shots!
Lol :
Google is actually the common name for a number with a million zeros.
flyhighbecca you will be missed3
I actually share a house with someone who isn't on twitter.
You really rocked it on stage  we are so glad you were part of We gotta get you back in NOLA for longer next time!
.
I can see now that Romney's plan for winning the White House is based on spending tons of money and lying constantly.
lol agreed, I dont even have a decent place in the city.
They always doing too much.
Just clean them up with a lil arch
Just got some soup to warm up from the awesome Fulham soccer match!
harrods next!
Yes, please!
which players on the Gamepoint 17 team stood out?
Braden Holtby is a major babe.
Why don't we have the option to leave our number and get a call back instead of waiting on hold?
That would be customer service.
Um....flex scheduling only affects SNF.
Does not affect the MNF schedule.
not yet we have a bunch to do today..
Today I question my entire existence and why god created me and what he could possibly have planned for me and what he wants from me.
Just running 3 :
I follow you on tumblr, i love it!
oh and instagram also .
x
GrinDKinGz New Orleans based  Arkansas based wit projects coming soon
Matt did a beautiful job on that song!
Very moving!
try this with some Uncle Jim's Pepper Mustard...this recipe ROCKS!
you're totally hip!
Please say a prayer for my Aunt Grace and the rest of our family.
She lost her 1 year old daughter Destiny this morning.
:'
Valentine making Beckett throw to Salty today.
Nice move.
No more binky?
That would make me feel both better and worse.
On the way to dinner :
One Day We'll Grow Up And Be Kids :
Ire is a great word...
For queers.
THANK YOU!
I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR SOMETHING TO DO FOR 2 HOURS NOW!
Clubbin this Friday?
Yikes!
By the way, I need to call you.
I think I still have your number but DM me just in case ;
I hate people clap/yell loud as fuck in a small area.
my thoughts exactly
Go do sum excersise nd get a life ,to make the money I make bitch you gotta die n come bak twice
will you ever do a song with ?
Ariana100Questions 10
My friends would make an announcement at prom saying its my birthday...
awkward :P
I know but it seems so far away!
i made her play that game before i got grounded because she ran out the room and started crying and bumped into my mom grrr
sadly, can't make it to tnla12 today...
: But I had a great time yesterday!
One of my favorite conferences.
I thought it would be more racist and sexist, too.
It wasn't PC, but James was pretty decent to people
Guilt: punishing yourself before God doesn't.
Alan Cohen
Thanks for the push and the video work!
Issaquah amazing race all day...no phones, no gps, no internet...and no personal endurance at present time...let's do this
Does anybody know who Tina Cole is...??
Well if not she is an actress and she was on the show my three sons and she so cool go look her up!
Orlando, FL 35.00 the night!
I'm happy to hear that your having a great time.
3
Hey hey.
I placed an order yest.
Hope y'all had a blast  Vaporcon.
Is the sale already reflected in price.
Or did I miss a code
Would you walk home through a zombie apocalypse with one shoe and a stick to make curfew because I wouldn't.
YOUR STOMACH LOOKS BETTER THEN MINE DUDE.
PLUS YOU HAVE A HUGE ASS.
So fuuuu u.
:l
Hey , I've kidnapped your jacket and holding it hostage for one meellion gold teeth
Hi!
Great to hear from youhope all's good with you.
We're in LA at the moment for Amanda's SCIARC graduation.
Never.
So long as they are titled cupcakes it is safe and healthy to eat in one sitting.
You know you're in trouble when your parents say your whole damn name...
Lol

Makes more sense to phrase it in terms of starts then.
What if you're the closer, that 5 days would have a different impact.
Wow.
Really sad and shocked to hear about Adam Yauch.
I love the BeastieBoys and he was definitely a music pioneer.
RIP.
The Brewers might sign Derrek Lee?
Are they also looking at Cory Lidle for the No.
5 spot in the rotation?
For the first time in my college career, I got into all the classes I needed.
Thanks Daniel :
Good morning love sponges...
I'm grumpy today.
You may now entertain me.
Hey Stimey  May the 4th be with you today!
I can't see why any progressive would have supported the plan either.
Sorry to hear that.
Hey, like we've been talking: Spring is making a return to the Midwest!
Better Late than never FF They all earned my coveted retweets this weeks
hehe, which means you either work there, work at a company that had a big problem, or like tiger woods ; which one is it!?
OMG YESS !
ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!!
11
Cheers to you!...Two of my favorites were Marriott and
Projects is killing the kid
He gets on my nerves
the end is neigh!
: 8 beers, ugh.
manhattan boo
Me: YOUR CHICK IS SO THIRSTY.
LAMPERBENI MERCY dad: you listen to some weird music...
THAT WAS PERFECT.
: Please support federal legislation to license  regulate online poker in the US!
Thank you.
Raining so hard.
Well not the rain yet but it's thundering.
do we have a official remix of Black Vodka or a new video coming soon?
RT Goodluck to them boys in blue tonight.
Can we find out when the ad was submitted?
Newsom said no coordination with Gov, if so how did this ad happen?
No time to make
Tomorrow is gonna take alot of concentration 
RT This if you are a RealMadoctord supporter.
Making the best of the My First Rails Project which I've just inherited.
Wrapup vote What Lies Ahead;Pretty Much Dead Already;18 Miles Out;Judge, Jury, Executioner;Better Angels;  final ep
doctorKE TICKETS in the good seats.
About 230 pm.
Listen to KS1075  doctorke will tell you to be caller 107 at 3032281075
Thanks man.
We are completely sold out right now.
I'll shoot you a tweet when we get our next line in.
Totally agree, but my concern is for the people not yet using the internet getting left behind by
they will
; follow me please
First golf meet today!
Please follow me 3.
Is my doctoram, please yo do come true mahomie 7
RT : HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
what a quinky dink!
haha its my favorite movie!
:
Docha love the 180 the announcers did on Rodgers once the Pac win was in the bag?
Flawless, huh?
Care to play that tape back?
Obviously adele is not good at handeling breakups
oh I'm sure it would destroy every other reality show on any network.
Even just a day in our lives!
haha :
No snow in Phoenix
a little.
Maybe it was just the exchange you had with Perrin.
Can't believe how fast I was falling asleep.
All this studying has got me burnt.
Goodnight 
Football season is the BEST time to use ClosingTime.
Party on Friday  get up at 7am on Saturday to tailgate!!!
No hangovers allowed!!
Omigosh!
How did we miss this??
Thank you, and please look for our 4 proposals in the Pepsi Refresh in 11/11.
ADLC is on it!
Pandora has never replied to me or anything.
It's ok...I got my, Yara.
Xoxo
I just auditioned for Mga Bitty Buttons
loll...yea homie def a minute...couple factors that come to mind....I would have to peep it out through join.me
Prepping for tomorrow's audition, and marveling over her ReverbNation trax hitting 700 plays.
Feeling blessed and lucky, she is.
Caitlin.
Think you can bring me a bunch of doublecupped coffees for the graduation rehearsal on Friday?
I'm planning ahead.
I followed you : xx
Shit I'm screwed.
You wouldn't be a run of the mill ho...you kinda classy, you'd be a specialty ho.
Um yeah, this did just get said to me
Is solspace.com down for everyone?
I can't seem to get the site to load.
I know its a really small town but i LOVE it!
And fuck all you pretend basketball fans that just bought shirts of your team a week ago.
You should all kill yourselves.
What's the link to watch the wia hearing?
TigerComplaintBingo Lack of clutch hitting
Thank You!!!
RT Thanks so much for having us tonight!
MediaChat AWESOME group!
LOVES A PRETTY GIRL IN SUM SEXY HEELS
Dance class awaits.
Final TinyFascist Tonight.
We tie all your favorite knots.
except it's still Thursday night where I live......
awks love you!
I had my hands all over your girl Monday..........
looking forward to intern team call and some writing time tonight
Single moms have to do twice the work.
Sort of like 20 of the people doing 80 of the work.
If U know a single mom, hug her.
A lot...
Gunner Gunners let's gun down the failing blue moon..
Having a dog has greatly enriched my quality of life.
Work hard play harder
Aw come on hawks..you got this
Female andoctorid companion?
Kitamura walkoff gives UH series win over Fresno
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.
Oscar Wilde
It's almost like the Colts D has no clue where the 1st down is.
They wait 4 the the Off to him them instead of coming up  making the hits
I love you!
Stop the bullshit
Had an amazing nite at dinner with friends tonite!!!
Good night!!!!!!
Gonna sleep good tonight at least I hope I do lol
the plan is to spend the day holed up in my office writing an article on teaching undergrads with archives.
I think coffee is a must.
she kinda seems bitchy.
What's that homely Italian girls name?
thanks for adding us
Thank you to my awesome girlfriend for a great birthday dinner and big thanks to for my first visit deliciously fantastic!!
Right on!
I just rode my bike 5 miles home after making donuts, baguettes, sourdough  lotsa hamburger buns.
Sleepy time!
z
my hate for casinos in general.
Also in Sept.
I spent  5 days there and had a cold for 2 months after.
Absoludicrous bustout.
Need a new fixie, but don't want to spend?
Want to donate to your favorite cause?
Look no further w/ on !...
salivating over the prospect of an '08 rematch.
Looking for 1 break dancer for David Guetta Music Video.
Hit me!
There is pay!
lol
Me too!
RT : I'd love to see AR being used with
I'm a little late to the dance, but thanks for the w00ts, and Good vibes from you, ridicule from my sons.
Balances out...
And that asshole is blocked!!!!!
I guess we'll see.
May 1 went off well, I thought.
H/T to CPD for not being provoked by the f the police chants.
And the Jackets are still able to outshoot us...
u ain't follow me back yet :
Seeking an Enterprise Solutions Account Manager to represent the full portfolio of ThomasNet Advanced Web Solutions.
Industrial market...
who needs 3D TV when you have TBS' cameras?
Stay strong.
Remember your goals.
Got up this morning,,,looked out the window,,saw no terrorists or tanks in street.
The government must have done it's job during the night!
Interesting!
This has been an informative chat : Glad I asked
Q: What do you do if your bassist is doctorwning?
A: Throw him his
Life is a movie that we've seen too many times.
RT : Instead of 'Mick Jagger could be harry's dad' it should be 'Paul higgins could be gibby's dad'.
Omg this
We highly recommend that our clients deploy a comprehensive Internet Marketing Strategy.
Call us and we can help you create 1 for your firm!
Screw you.
I just saw the picture of you skateboarding :O I also skate, I started like 2 weeks ago how old are you I'm just wondering
hook this up to cultural tourism and you've got an industry
that was Shakespeare, heard of him?!
Course I have he's a famous pirate, btw its shakesbeard
You may find semisweet chocolates in different forms like chocolate chips, chocolate chunks, bars, and disks
Saw a commercial, and craving one...
But there's none in the fridge.
ah I apologize.
In other news, holy crap !
Go USWNT!
Lol!
Good luck!!:
oh ok cool , u had me shocked for a while there
I don't want any trouble with anyone anymore.
I just want to be friends with everyone.
Faking it or not
Shopping for wedding gifts is so boring
Spokane here we come!
I remember when I was like 5 dancing to 's i want candy on radio Disney..Wish I had grown up a little earlier to enjoy it more
RT : wearing cream pleated skirt, navy tuxedo ruffle t, brass Queen Bee cuff, cream boucle coat, peeptoes with...
hmm.
Looks much more severe.
Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom, must, like men, undergo the fatigues of supporting it.
Nervous lady ahead of us on flight downed 6 little bottles on our two hour flight.
What do you use to edit audio  ProTools?
I'm trying to learn Audacity, but I'm more familiar with AdobeAudition.
Followed 3 , AND YOU MET ONE DIRECTION 3 jealous..
:
not sure if they actually taste like corn tho.
if only i used my iPad for music...
yes move to New York!
tweet tweet...im back...enjoying la weather before going back to work tomorrow
I wish you could've seen the smile on my face when I posted that.
I was at FLA for a day and hope others will join in on 4S fun.
Any of you crazies in ROC taking part in the Polar Plunge at Lake Ontario?
Bring your PlaySport and tweet!!!
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy.
bf
doctorft day philosophy; bye weeks don't matter.
By the time they've arrived; waiver wire's changed your team makeup
still calls me when she needs help with her math homework.
its algebra 2 all over again.
TgT is gonna be in the studio all this week to start their new album as a group!
how could being a victim of his creeping NOT make you happy?
Lol
Just tuned into the Nuggets game.
What in the heck is growing on Birdman's face?!
Occupiers, I support your message and all, but the 1 doesn't take the subway...
Dont concern yourself with things that don't concern you.
If it's not your business, don't make it your burden.
glad to be a part of it :
Even adding 1/4 c of creamer to my work's coffee doesn't make it taste good.
is it that bad to take a nap at 4:51pm?
I hope not...that's exactly what I'm going to do...
Played a program of jazz cartoons for my students tonight: Three Little Bops, Date With Dizzy, Begone Dull Care, Koko, and Rhapsody in Blue
WSFP Youth Foundation welcomed Sarah Smith, Marquette University's Managing Director of Development  Milwaukee, as a new board member today
Are you going to tonight for the Mojito being named Miami's official doctornk?
Went to Archon 2 get press passes.
Saw M.
R.
Sellars checking in at the same time.
He actually wore his Castle Tshirt!!
More to come...
I think they were looking at south America accdng to recent trips
thank you for the thanks, thanks!
Thank you again
thanks, patty!
Appreciate it
have a little wine with my wife at out winery
I'll get to be a rock star!Will be the title character in a play about sex, doctorgs, rock n roll and vulnerability:FUN and touching.STAY TUNED
Sorry I don't post more but I am the type of person that likes to read.
If ya want to know something about me send me a direct message.
RIP Robert Sherman,thx for the music u have created...
nice night:
Glad the hurricane gusts have subsided.
Bless you Lol
I rather keep my eyes wide open instead of blink
dangit as soon as i tweet that, the inning ends...
BYU leads 31 vs.
LaTech in the bottom of the 5th  winner plays
Important news: 360  365 is going back to its roots as the High Falls Film Festival for 2013
In just a couple weeks the first Traveling Circle album will be released on NasoniRecords out of Berlin.
Stay tuned!
All great choices!
our neighbor just got a boatload of firewood, I bet we could trade him beer for a couple of logs
Haha, we don't have enough desks!!!
small market...
No hype or trash talking.
Maybe?
Morning ride on Norton, productive day of staining deck furniture followed by Sandbar and Chiso.
Very content.
It's on the 29 th at 730 pm at the laugh lounge 151 Essex st in Manhattan its free please cum c me I'm very funny
.
Yeah, I'm noticing that too.
It makes me feel better.
: Remember when people thought Gordon Beckham could be Michael Young?
Kenny turned down Cliff Lee for him.
Beckham equals Getz.
Thanks, Kati.
Glad you find my business postings useful.
Knock Knock.
Who's there!
Ammon!
Ammon who?
Ammon old hand at picking locks!
Lmfao RT I'm already knowing...he smashed!!!
just bought my UpAllNight cd :
Sushi date with mommy and daddy 
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Dashan Crittenden Rising 6th Brooklyn, NY Travel Team: New Jersey Playtime Panthers Shooting Guard 54
yea i love it :D  ive always wanted to go to Canada !!
you've been to California ?
pruning some cites from Zotero.
Wish there was an easier to archive unneded cites and their attached files.
does she have a facebook?
Vikes PK depends.
Any other kickers on their staff currently?
Agreed!!
Was discussing this exact thing on the way to the office this AM!
The clouds seem to be moving really fast.
Is it just me?
I've been around way to long to believe prog.
Lies.
Review: I was hooked from the first paragraph, the authors writing style is fluid, breezy, engaging and compelling  thoroughly...
Leadership creates performance in people because it impacts willingness; it's a matter of modeling, inspiring, and reinforcing.
I'll be riding to work.
After that, maybe Motor for dinner.
Currently looking for my block list still
This was posted on Twitter: Does a decent credit union website exist?
I post that no, it does not.
When was your website last redesigned?
About to tweet til I can fall asleep...
if this train goes down, milwaukee gets a whole less handsome.
Liking the sbfc line up.
We need as a sub tonight.
Pls chill w/ the Kobe/Lebron comparisons!!
One has 5 rings, the other none!!
Getting panda express.
Hungry af !
1900 university doctorve!
Room 301, free healthy snacks, doctornks  wifi!
m smelly deli!
Headed to NYC in July.
Is it better to book hotel now or wait a while?!
i sleep better when its storming
Electoral process  from st8 voter suppression to CitUnited to media as major actor  is a gross distortion of democracy.
Atbest.
Hey , look at she's knocked out haha
3 words, 8 letters, easy to say, hard to prove...
...I'm a zebra.
can yo uplease wish happy birthday to it would mean alot to him/her please !!
IfuWereAStripper would u get mad if a nigga asked u to hit fo 25 dollars
I don't know why but I think it would be absolutely awesome!
:D but I don't think is going to have vampires..
do u have iphone 4s
Search KARISSA LYNN on youtube
Bee Raises Funds for Literacy  Memphis Daily News
The other athletics teams are mad because we ain't doctorss up and they did
having a great time with and thank you
lame haha, well it goes till like 2am if you change your mind.
It's a cool event.
Especially if your hungry.
Haha
Make sure to check our our event page...free workshop this weekend at Skylight Books.
RSVP by email to
who are in it and it isn't fair to them their also my fans so I wouldn't want to do that to then
looking forward to having you up in the ATX at
gonna stick picture of lovely kate moss on my pack of camels to remind everyone how sexy smoking is.
you and yours too!
happy day!
I've been thinking about you.
Do you think about me still?
FACT: Miami is the only major city in the US to be founded by a woman.
Today is gonna be a goo day....
I like that Ron Paul pointed out we don't own land, but instead rent it.
It's very true in the current real estate system.
that sucks.
We're local, so I kinda have homefield advantage for finding parties ;
wish u were there is like booning but for anyone with a mobile phone.
genius via
Catch the Braves episode of 30 Clubs in 30 Days tonight at 5pm ET on.
Oh, nice.
A lessambitioustheater meme on the Twitters.
Shall I join in?
::considers::
Congratulations Class of 2012!
If anyone has any photographs of the graduation, please feel free to post them so everyone can see!
RT : Good luck on your finals.
Study hard and finish strong!
AWESOME new followers!!
Forthwith is a great  highly underutilized word.
Can't wait to use my youthful feminine linguistic power  slap a vocalfry on that shit.
Thanks to everyone at Tools of Change for keeping us TuesWed people in the loop.
Lots of great quotes
short game.
Chipping.
me too.
: Good morning!
It's Wednesday, right?
in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out
how can you not have scarves as part of the Sears collection
Working on photoshop of quite a few projects...
Very busy but very happy with the results so far...
I love me some Clos Pegas!
this summer is gonna be crazy fool
Happy Monday everyone!
Does anyone have some fun design ideas to share with us?
Raz B gonna be on Young Money, shaking ass with Nicki Minaj in his next video.
Y'all just Watch!
Boys who trusted Penn State and Syracuse staff: you'rethereason our work is long from finished.
End sexual violence against childoctorn!
oooohhh What about 1000 island for dipping?
s/o to everyone from bentworth going to PROM today!
have fun!
Can't wait until I get to go.
It's Heart Month at The Bakken!
Come on down for Super Science Saturday and perform heart surgery and make a fibrillating valentine!
ill brb
Avengers tonight!
Avengers tonight!
Got three guys going right now, but I need my captainin, Chris Judd, to step it up.
It's Me At My Favorite Spot .
.
.
.
You Know The One Right Around The Block 3 !
Avengers in the RealD experience tonight  
I followed her.
Can I get that DM now?
: Clangin'  Bangin'.
Workout 2 starts now.
GoinHAM just had back surgery, can't wait to get back into it.
That's because a lot of people find that product interesting and want one of them.
Councilman Gary Kendoctorck talks up former planning commission member Vickie Butcher as Mayor Mark Lewis starts naming his choices...
looking good!
jawdoctorp Someone needs to be enlightened.
Lol Lessons on what tho?
I hope nothin freaky Ctfu jk RT going to give us the Lessons 
lol dont block your number and than call me you freak
Anyone know a great secret spot for sunset photography in centralish maryland?
I am aching for some new shooting grounds...
baby you should lemme love you 3 ;
Where will you be working?
A pair of Sheriffs on motorcycles are patrolling Broadway
Phones are now our swissarmy communication device.
Its a computer that happens to be a phone.
what's up nickyballz how you dern??
Its Only Been Days BUDDY Lol...
Loving Market Pantry red velvet chocolate holiday milk!
Thanks so much for the review!
We appreciate your loyalty and glad you had a great experience!
so I says to myself, I says...
I know!
I am so excited!
I've always wanted to go!
Can't wait!
The image on front of catalog is beautiful, it haunts me in the MFA shop, painting once hung there!
Older people shouldn't eat health food, they need all the preservatives they can get
Bahhh that's the worst!
Lost keys?
Twugs how are you doing?
WebHostingHub is what I'm most familiar with depending on what you want to do it's pretty user friendly and syncs w/ Wordpress.
Please don't act like your better then the rest of the world.
Were all just as Fucked up as the next person.
when are the next ski trips?!
Just got my train tix to BWENY.
Woo hoo!
Agreed.
It's kinda like the audience becomes the enablers, ya know?
just to let you know...
Boyfriend video every other video to exist
Popcorn at 10 am?
I will never understand.
not so good but you know...
rolling with the punches...
I'm having withdoctorwals we need to catch up soon
COME CHECK ME OUT THIS THURSDAY!!!IM PERFORMING LIVE AT CLUB RED WITH JUICY J!!!!
Team STH did fullbody supersets to change it up yesterday.
Brutal!
Nearly puked.
How were your weekend workouts?
I HATE LIVING HERE!!
dis shit is every week!!
Zac Young has a show 10/19/2011  'Ric and Mo's' in Montgomery, Alabama.
Not feelin very yummy in mah tummy:
Thank you!
It's not that i hate you, it's just that....
okay, fuck.
you caught me.
I do hate you.
casino night tonight.
keep you posted
you go getter.
Need to chat with you abt
Calamity Jane with my grams.
The only time I ever crave Chick Fil A is on Sundays 
??Does someone actually sit at a round table discussing professorts and create doctorgs for dealers to sell?
RT : Whoever is spreading the hashtag around BarneysBrideUnveiled must stop.
It's all lies!
Lies!
hehe!
I appreciate it.
Now if only I can find gainful employment we'll be set.
:
Just wait until you see the gorgeous Summer Reading calendar our new graphics artist has made!
It went to press today.
Don't let them girls get ANYWHERE near me.
They scare me.
My hunger is rising and my patience is dwindling
where will the 2012 auditions be?
Please respond so I can try out!
it's getting cold out...
time to find a wife
Love Ernie Els but come on Dufner it's time to step it up and get your first win!!
I never said he could RT : : he can't do it all anymore he proved that already!!!!
Awesome!
: How big is your school?
Let's go LAKERS !!!!
I found u where have u been!
TRAFFIC  Wb Beltline  Todd doctorve  Crash, delays back to Rimisterck Rd.
kind of really want to follow this account...
3
Whewwww Thank you Lord 4 medicine!
I swear gas went up 6 cents in one day!
Excitedly awaiting Apple's approval for our first iPhone and iPad App.
We submitted it today!
Fingers crossed
CondoandHOALaw thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
It is in identifying yourself with the hopes, doctorams, fears and longings of others that you may understand them and help them.
W A Peterson
Lots of factors to consider like demographics of candidates.
Video may be better for some small biz.
I love you, like Dory loves her Squishy.
North Korean political prison camps growing  Amnesty
I like hacking into people's facebooks, twitters, and other social networks.
It just makes me feel boss.
But is that unique to your location or a trend?
Also, are you hiring/promoting librarians into those spots or deprofessorssionalizing?
Up next, Franklin Park Railroad Daze, June 9th, 2012.
I am there, I am so, so there baby!!!
that sounds like a better workout
viva traditional!
: swxengage industry blogs/media focus so heavy on digital but traditional still has purpose, value
DogTheBountyHunter I love my Leland!!!3
if i worked for brazzers id bring full pleasures while taking it to extra measures!!
Forgot chatting on with is more fun than the law should allow.
Kicked it like it was Lollapalooza 07 today.
Can't wait for Sunday!!
Doubt it but I'd really enjoy that RT: Can't wait to see get
Think I'm getting it now although the fucking scotch does not help, thanks luv

Nobody ever pays me in gumawwweeee
I don't kiss on the first date, but ill do other stuff thoo
Why do I always think of when comes on?!
I'm so happy :
Return of the Mack.
always make the mistake of putting to much water in the bath, when iv been in it an age I have no room to top it up :
welcome aboard!!
Glad you got it figured out!!
:
The hungry little boy with the runny nose plays in the street as the cold wind blows in the ghetto....
Tomorrow is a huge day boy/girl?
I love that my friend, , comes to Madison whenever he's writing a new book.
We talk ideas/craft and eat at the Dane.
Robbie Williams criticised for launching poker website
Confucius say...Woman who put man in dog house may find him in cat house.
11 Make A Wish is to meet or atleast get austin to follow mehh , i love youu 3
This weed loud..
Speak up, I can't hear you.
I wish I were a student now  so many opportunities and so easy to REALLY learn  understand.
Ten years from now ...
cant wait 4a b'fulwrld.
Thank u all so much for the amazing response to my tribute to Whitney!
Was so nervous about posting it so thank u all so much...blessings!
And the best Chat Room on Paltalk is.....?
this day is just not happening as it should
goodmorning Shaun: and you are the amazing one for everything youve done for me: but yeah ill email u back about it
I can't let you know it, pride won't let me show it.
I'm convinced the College purcahsed our new office a/c unit on Craigslist.
...Sharpen untamed tongues, then release your unquenchable, irreverent spirits upon an unsuspecting Stockholm, tonight...
3
Glad you like it.
Hope you can catch the whole film!
Even if you don't like Yahoo, don't avoid their PPC, just expect 1/3 of results.
Adding more budget to a Google account adds conversion cost
Why do these preachers' skew words to fit the circumstance.
Hypocrites and I mean u Pat Robertson!
It most certainly does!
RT : time goes FAZZT when you are having fun.
Dont expect a call back
sorry to hear that.
Already following..
x
AHAHAHA!
do it!!
is this a legit organization?
Around what time in the summer would it be?
Because I can't do July and most of August.
sorry dude.
i like ur tweets
Your welcome enjoy your day!!
:
.
Will you stand with and vote to pass the American Jobs Act?
Getting ready for road trip to Lansing with Betsy for MLA Community of Practice Day; we'll be fueled by bagels.
I really like scoop.it, It's easy to use and the search feature is pretty nice as well.
so tired my eyes are burning waaaah
Do you have a balance of branded and nonbranded content on your site?
Well, excuse the hell out of me.
Oh, and fuck you.
Seriously this year all stars tour decides to have a NYC date when the line up kinda sucks.
New Mexico's spring weather is here!
Seeing in a doctorss
What to so, what to do .
aw, thanks Dane!
I like Boston Creme.
oh we were making a request, so who knows, you may still be in luck!
got word i have some tickets for the road game against the Chicago Fire!
Who else is going?
What can we learn from the soma cube study of the 70's?
Contingency on rewards takes away the fun.
Motivation is key.
SICK AS FUCK.
Emmure seems so perfect right now
Great Job many takeaways!RT : FYI I'm on 3pm panel preso re:Social Media at BizTimes Expo today
Until you find yourself and understand your purpose you'll be lost in this world without meaning..
It's happening again!
i know u live by the 100s..
I'm sleepy, but I can't sleep.
Grand opening: First Friday, October 7th!
Until then, we'll be collecting exhibition applications, painting walls and making friends!
I feel old it bout to be damn near time for the high school reunion
Fuckin A.
I'm on it for hours as I lay in bed.
Its a good source of inspiration and stuff.
accident on the 805N in Sorrento Valley.
Blue sports car  a mini.
But it's moving well at the 56.
I think your timemanagement skills need improving because I am managing to read while working fulltime
Absence of armed conflict is just first part of peace.
Peace is about people professor Jody Williams
R U ready for Men Without Shirts All Male Revue?
First Tweep to show this  door TONIGHT gets in FREE and gets a VIP Dance on stage!
when I miss you I read your twitter feed.
I got glass in my ass!
Matheson, Pineapple Express hahahahahaha.
Just finished fun piece on USASoccer's Rachel Buehler to air in our NBC Olympic Special.
Surprise appearance from included!
5, but I could also probably have them buy their own tickets haha.
Hey this is samantha from 3 follow us on here to support Kristen?3 Samantha
makes me want to travel more!
Where was this?
STAY FRESH .
RT this if you STAY FRESH!
We STAY FRESH all day!
I'm done with the semester!
Now it's time to huh I'm out of practice with filling my time with leisure activities.
BTRSeason3 Proud of :'
Well Bye Peeps On Twitter
awesome!!
Great to finish on field!
I've doing well having physical therapy every 3 weeks now how about u
Needing a ride from Redondo Beach area to .Flying in to Cali tonight and have no ride tomorrow.BeerGas
Oh My!
GM Wednesday!!!
IThankGod just for this moment...Right NOW!!!
Life doesn't get easier, you just get stronger, and smarter.
Do it !
My 2 are worth about 3 giggles.
Each.
thanks for promoting fam!
Stoked for tonight StayLifted Watts !!!
Unfortunately, Echo the Therapy Dog won't be able to come today to usfplib.
We'll invite her again another time this semester.
HA!
doesn't know TPS either!
WOOT!
She's with me!
Who's on first now?
D
when r u free?!?
U r booked and grades come first!
tomorrow at Mother's Grille!
5pm!
If Ron Artest hit me with the force of that elbow that he just hit Harden with, I would be dead.
MettaWorldPeace doesn't like peace
Congrats to my good friend Todd Huston for winning HD37 race.
An example of how hard work trumps special interests in winning elections!
They day looks to be glorious in San Fran!
GoodMorning twitter nation!
Shout out TeamLilKim  TeamJanetJackson!!
It's wakenbake time!!
hey, you kept me entertained here in India.
:
Nearly finished recording 1/3 songs!
Sounds lovely, you two have a great time!
My anniversary is October 9th.
Can't believe it's almost here.
we're living what we're singing, so I guess that's a step in the right direction
Sometimes you have to stand alone to prove that you can still stand.
Well you get an hour break before the Fourth and last speaker series!
Happy Birthday, Ro!!
Hope you had a fabulous day!!!
How is everyone?
Long time no tweet.
Work work work and Indycar racing.
Man alive
Np pandora pimp c radio
Anyone see the Spotty Dotty promos, going on the last few weeks, on Channel 11, for her new TV shows?
This MAN has me laughing over here ..
Two points!
Are we going to see you soon?
: Bats are the gayest of all mammals, they have the highest percentage of homosexual activity.
does that include batman?
Guns on campus will be the dealbreaker for us and Texas.
That and the elimination of elementary schools as gunfree zones.
bonalog fashion statement high rubber boots with hot pants Also learning to scatch dj after seeing MURS rap
kids Popovich Comedy Pet Theatre: Popovich Comedy Pet Theatre Thursday, April 5, 2012 at 4:00 PM V Theater at Planet Hollywood Las Vegas...
you cant hate on another nigga grind, cuz when you do you just slowin yo hustle down
I wonder if our female ancestors were on to something: panty hose to avoid shaving.
Hmm maybe I should give them another chance....?
teamcelibate I need no one
does he have good reason??
: Y this man just ask me if I'm fucking his wife LOL
it's my birthday and I hope you can follow me:
the change, neva die alone, etc.
were a prelude to me doin' sometin' grimey..U disqualified!
RT : I want a noble peace prize!!!!!
Feeling a bit punctual today.
Um, let me think.
is one of my faves!
Have you heard Over You?
Its a great song!
Are u 1 of those people that dont own Dollar and a doctoram?
Be sure to join me tomorrow at Nubian Bookstore in Southlake Mall in Morrow, GA
should be a good ass time haha
Monday, you snuck up so FAST!
Yea Matt Weiters!
thanks a bunch.
.
just sent you the info you requested.
.
if you want more details..
i will be happy to provice.
Just left Nationwide Arena.
Bad loss to the worst team in the league, but LOVED the save!
have a 3rd backup goalie!
The awkward moment when I see WeWontWorkoutIf trending and thinking as in the gym workout x
Boycott The Balboa Park Inn in San Diego, they refused to let me stay there on a prepaid reservation based on my looks alone.
u know what really sucks about fallin 4 some1 u kno u're not right for?
u fall anyway bc u think he might turn out to be different
best of luck with Wingstock this weekend.
Sounds like a good time.
I hide things in there all the time
RT : spoke to budding Docs abt Ancestry  Genealogy Foundations for Clinical Practicein pm101 last wk at SUNY Upstate!
you going to be in Chicago?
Maybe the Bears are wearing sneakers instead of cleats.
The equipment guy should addoctorss that at the half.
even if we lose the golf tournament we'll win most intoxicated
Theres A Website Where You Can Watch Movies Not Out Or In Theaters I Already Say The Avengers Awesome Movie!
Just kidding I haven't lost yet, it's the first day
This new song !!!
Dough OMG
Thanks for the follow 
I was once the youngest person on Earth...
True story!
Ya know when U feel like God is about 2 do something huge  awesome  amazing?
I'm feelin it :
Beer and Spirits Garden here at the FerryBuilding is hopping!
I hate this follow limit.
My evening shall henceforth be filled with the Deschanel sisters  season six of Bones is on Netflix and lots of New Girl to watch!
Oh neat!
Thanks for sharing.
I'll pass along to the newsroom.
FF Thank you for the RT!
of course not, but you can def tell.
She was flat as a pancake now she got cake?
She got upgraded
yes i am and okayy:
ICantShowLove because I've been hurt too much  I tend to keep my guard up!
x
I feel like love child sounds better to me then son or daughter cause often there's no love in that.
Thanks for da love ;
just caught this nigga kenny in a full on sprint to the bathroom in flip flops he saw me n tried to slow down but i was already laughn
Kiss n.
A memorable way to begin a new year.
Can also mean my last name ;  happynewyear luv The Kisses x
That's what im trying to do ...
How did you do it?
SAYSOMETHIN wa GREAT!
I'm so proud of Austin!
well said.
RT : So the Astros can have a gun on their jerseys but I cant get an eggy mcmuffin because its 10:35?!?!
can't wait for you to join us here on the East Coast; especially our lovely summers in the Hamptons!
at Comcast filling out a fraud report ; since mf's can't pay how they weight .
HappyMothersDayAngieSimpson you are such a great mom to we love you.
3
: PRESSURE Makes diamonds, but it also bust pipes!
Just watched the amazing spiderman trailer.
I'm squealing with excitement
and replied no in a good funny way and u called her a fucking cunt...stop being a online bitch..man up!!
How to Rock is So amazing, Best Show Ever and i absolutely love the music,can't wait to see the rest of the epi.
omg I know witch one your talking about .
It makes me wanna puke
Sun, that picture is awesome!
Just saw it.
Music is well said to be the speech of angels.
Thomas Carlyle
mos def!
Need entire city calming in all areas!
I did my eyebrows today.
In business you don't get what you deserve, you get what you negotiate.
design hero overload here at the moment, I'm flushed
We enjoyed Paper Flower and are excited too!
Hope to see you there!
WEN U TRY TOO HARD SHIT GOES WRONG TRUTH IS I WAS SO AFRAID OF LOOSING U, I PUSHED U AWAY.
I REALY BELIVED I WAS RIGHT..
I'm one of those antiproliferation guys who hopes for a time when all nations collectively agree to reduce their use of ginger.
Pinnacle Hospital
Wow yeah cool tell me again about how Led Zep were lyrical geniuses but Nicki Minaj raps about hoes ergo music today is terrizzzzzzzzz
FreeMusicWeekend win CD Emotional traffic all weekend long on Pittsburgh.
Win the 1st copy at 5:33pm!
are you coming to BEA?
You are, right?
Lower high and lower low.
I know I'm slow, but...
Omg!
Smister ceo resigned????
Been so busy at work I need to catch up on news!
RT : If you are interested in helping Marissa Alexander, please send your email addoctorss to
At Wesleyan University day after tomorrow.
You Already know!
come see me if you're in Middletown, CT!
lunch and evening...
Students are here.
Let it rain!
lot's of people!
But we always have a good after party amd it is right up the road.
Oh snap no wonder ppl lik Vicodin soo much :D

RT : I haven't purchased this many magazines since J14 has Backstreet Boys on the cover!
Love you !!!
at night when the dogs get going, so do the donkeys...
guard donkeys??
Wrapping up promotional video compilation for iiMod Program...will post to Youtube  Teacher Tube....stay tuned.
and he is the biggest proponent of payday lenders.
Yeah.
You've been quieter :.
Is there anything better than golfing in Scottsdale?
It's truly a paradise out here!
gonna need you to submit info to have you approved to participate...holla.
will be in the building
ok that's fine
doctorke is the new and better Chris Brown .
thanks for the MT.
Happy holidays !
I will be visiting Mom today and then off to Hofstra to see the basketball team play UNC Wilmington
pm or am, I'm confused : I'll try to!
Thank you to St.
William Parish in Waukesha for their recent grant!
The ALC is so very blessed.
Looking to implement Mike Dunlap's system.
Do you have this system information for full implementation?
dirty rice
very true about the lineups.
Just found out I have high blood pressure...
Iol ok I will did u like it haha u were in it THT whole first part haha
I'm excited for ASB next year :D
Just got invited to Cancun by one of my loves!
I ACCEPT!
yeah, it's a pretty sweet concept.
some changes fina take place, even if i have to go thru hell
if Spo had any sense you'd get it back in your mailbox stamped 'return to sender'...
Jones can shoot but has to be WIDE open
you are so cute!!
Thankyou!!
I'm back to Aus in 1 month, we MUST catch up : I love ur tweets u inspire me love x
Tighten Up
i followed you can you follow me back??
I took the kiddies to a playground.
What are you doing to soak up the vitamin D?
Your love is a one in a million , it goes on and on and on.
I never saw you guys!
:'
Day two of leaving my glasses at home.
I still refuse to bump the font size up
i dont tweet much but now i am trust me
follow me so i can dm you
she already knows.
Haha dude I'm gonna have you peeing yourself.
Just wait lol we are gonna be crazy
And I want a Nissan 370z nismo but I don't got one lol
Can I get an RT for Colder Weather cowriter, levilowrey, please?
I'm good with any of those three..
Wherever we go will be a blast mark0
Hey hey heyy
now addoctorssing the media live on ESPN.
I'm not interested in myself per se.
I'm interested in myself as theme carrier, as host.
David Shields
People say yeah fuck school but once its summer they say fuck i have nothing to do
I love having fiestas in Spanish!
Mexican hat dance!
Haha
We want to see you up on our Prime Rib Wall of Fame !
Enjoy your dinner tonight!
what makes you think he's had sex yet?
Life is too short to waste.
doctorams are fulfilled only through action, not through endless planning to take action.
David Schwartz
I wish my gf would cheer up:/
Any word on if is coming back together yet?
Excuse me, but you have a little people on your forehead.
Any of my followers in Wichita, Ks?
Going there at end of month.
One of the few places in US I have not been before.
Thanks for the mention.
Carmo is great but closed Mondays.
We're heading to Back to the Garden on Howard
Hopefully he can bounce back..
He's still young and talented, but he's not helping the team at all right now
San Diego says Thanks for Poised Creation!
Who wants to text?:
Aw aw, I love you guys.
My brother just asked his girlfriend to marry him...
:o Not sure how to feel about this quite yet..
RT : Help wish Columbus a happy 200th birthday at the OHIOCENTRIC reception today at , 13 pm....
Grabbed the last Mexican Coke at Taco Shack.
It's gonna be a good day.
THAT one!
Loving all the throw pillows on
Five day forecast...
Hockey, hockey, hockey, hockey, rain.
Ref shackled that nigga up lhh
Hey I seen ya earlier conversation, yo we on tv today doe, it's not one of them online games only
I think the Packer tweeters are grooming a new fan with
I enjoy it.
A bit overthetop and way too many monologues but it's really fun to watch.
90?
And humid too, I'm sure.
Blech.
Hoping it's just tomorrow and not the whole week...
Looking forward to Learning from Leaders w/Messmer Catholic Schools President  Board Director, Brother Bob Smith.
I can't mess wit ha kind
yeah.
All I can think about is making a fire and get cozy.
We're going to feature some brand spanking new Mother's Day deals this week!
Stay tuned.
I'll be your friend!
:
Of Rice and Men  Edible tales not accepted by Pearson.
I hate having to watch people struggle on stage.
Worst feeling ever.
I am now, but would love you more if I could easily pin what I like, not just repin what you think I should.
We need more on TV......Where has our Karn gone?
Props to  !
Kickin it with and a bunch of other cool peeps.
following you, brother
Wherever you are, I hope you're having as beautiful a morning as we are here in Austin.
It's good to be home after a week of travel.
:
Reading ramona and beezus to the kid.
I think now she understands why I named our dog Beatrice.
I know youu don't Haa.
Hi Anthony  you can!
Just log in to 1000memories.com with your same username and you can edit all of those things postuploading.
I understand.
It's ruff in the bluff!
Lol
I really hate you
happy thanksgiving chad!
xo
: Sometimes you need to stop over thinking things  just follow your heart.
Proud to say I have as one of my idols..he's one truly amazing person..my 11:11 wish is that he'd notice me one day : 33
You were off.
Was for a message to my little brother about the Oreo Line congratulating him on breeding.
Only pic I had.
Pesky life bumpskept me from reading Pigtail book when I first got it but I finished it last nightLoved itMany Thanks!
I should unfollow you for that terrible tweet.
I appreciate it!
Ron, pivotal point
Mutual!
I always enjoy people FROM Minneapolis at an away conference.
No clue.
I was hammered is the most annoying  cowardly explanation of an ambiguous doctornk text.
yea but now it's time for some sleep!!!
Goodnight!
:D
you have a fan!!!
RT I just met your husband at the bestofmkeweb.
Super nice guy!
:
Is my silly gf.
And she is being a poop face :/
If you don't see me on here constantly, it's because I'm busy being successful.
The American doctoram is being able to follow your own personal calling.
To be able to do what you want to do is incredible freedom.
Maya Lin
Congrats to Everest Agency for making the TBJ Top Graphic Design Firms in Raleigh!
You are a great creative force.
Wow.
Beautiful designs.
Nice work!
which half?
Happy Valentines Day love ya.?ur da cuttest adorable puppy ever.
totally trying out ubuntu right now!!
and loving it.
's solo exhibit at the Image Box Gallery 4933 Penn Ave.
Tomorrow 610pm , ,
I'm watching kendoctor reruns
Everyone should get a friend who stutters.Hey Arik you want to chchchill?
as long as you keep bringing those beats yeah.
Watching conversation but on the road.
Know there has been discussion, can't put finger on it right now
Team Adam ;D
go rt austin's last tweet
I WAS SINGING SaySomethin ON THE BUS TODAY!
EVERYONE WAS LOOKING AT ME :'D I MADE THE SONG FAMOUS ON MY BUS!
YOUR WELCOME ;
Boozer ass be funny as hell during the games.
Just be shouting some off the wall shit.
yea, thank you!3
I only like the plain ones :
Say what you will, 'tis better to be left than never to have been loved
Somebody say  Jesus!
nice .
Would you be interested in working on some tracks .
Please DM me
just clicked on a negative ad attacking Dem Gov Tomblin by the Republican Governors on towleroad.com
4.
Think Judge Evans's 3rdfactor analysis most problematic.
Not just hard upper limit
thank you!
Can't wait to see you at lunch tomorrow!
Let's see if you really check Twitter.
:
so true!!
Schools almost out.
Quick year
waiting in line to get great taste of the Midwest tickets.
Hey Twitter!
Thank you guys for the follows and I will try to follow you back so hold on tight!
And Happy Halloween!!!
i don't think about it.
The stupidest law ever passed here.
I thought it was supposed to be used for people passed out in doorways and shit.
whosgonnalose  Ohio State v Oregon  Ohio State will lose
LOL lies nigga i seen u with your shirt tied up bahahaha
damnn salad n sum coronas for breakfast jammin that crew love :
A post on scary?
I can do that.
:
Check on very positive trainer
No, no.
A bunch of us are discussing like/dislike of olives.
Slow Twitter day.
I just slipped on ice and i think i keyed my car.
We'll see in the morning.
Saw some cool space capsules today...wish our space program had an operational vehicle right now
How far do you think the packers will go into the post season???
strange, I've never heard of it.
I might check it out then.
He's a good guy in other ways, but we don't get along particularly well.
WOAH, bad auto correct..
Supposed to be PAID, not laid..
Not that they have anything to do with each other.
Yes!!
So great!
RT So much twitter love from the fans and supporters of and  very cool!
alright, i'll tell em tomorrow.
Starting this lovely work day with a little bit of STRESS!!!
Not what I need!!!
4PM!!!
Keep an eye out for your doppelgänger...
today is National Look Alike Day!
Not to over shadow 420 or anything.
ok, I'll help  tell them to put something in your doctornk....
U won't feel a thing...
thanks man
did you see that is going to hae a summer tour!!
I've always wanted one of those!
AWESOME VANILLA scented MELON soup...
Slides are about illustrations and blackboards explain relationships.
So, use Prezi.
we coming for you tonight.
Knick city baby!
COOL Cute Tho :
Vision without action is daydoctoraming and action without vision is a nightmare.
Anon
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground.
Theodore Roosevelt
Join us tonight for Lori Michaels in our Black Diamond Lounge!
8:30p11:00p
Thanks You!
I'm glad you like it 3  I'm fine  youu?
:
please tell me your secret to eating all day and gaining NO WEIGHT AT ALL.
I need to know your secret.
Cures the day my big sis became a directoner
Here we go!
Getting lotion all in your mouth
I wish would see all my amazing pick up lines :
FF for all you auto repair needs.
Heh, vmas?
That's the most music shows all year!
R.I.P Whitney Houston a true diva
All I know is we would've won at home, most def.
poo holes needs to mind his own fking business!
good morning Bestie!!
I'm doing great, 1st day off, got some errands to run then relax time.
You stay on your grind.
GETTIN READY TO GET OUT SO I CAN GO IN....
READY FOR WHAT EVA!!!!!
IF YU STAY READY YU AINT GOTTA GET READYZ
spruce street
You grew up way to fast and now there's nothing to believe and reruns all become our history
Clearly they are both plotting your demise.
I say deploy the liquid nitrogen, stat.
totally obsessed with Grace Under Fire
FF Thanks Norma!
You too.
Any plans ?
Tonight volunteers up their game in preparation for May 19th opening.
Thks to Carmel City Councilor Ron Carter Market Master for 14 years
Hopefully I cut chops a little more evenly than sideburns!
next time then.
You gonna be around Saturday?
Thanks for the lovely tweet yesterday!
:
I follow because they care about the music and fans more then money and fame.
They are a band who deseves to be followed.
MD Food Bank posted a link on our facebook wall w/info on how u can win the opportunity 2 throw the first pitch at our 7/15 Orioles game
Just made my first personal training appointment in years!
Congratulate me on my effort, hey?
I'm a little nervous how much attention Siri gets from me even with voice commands.
just wondering how pumped is right now that the stock market is up
Just finished a day of 10 hours on the phone.
What was your day like?
Randy on highimpact practices, both inside and outside the formal classroom.
Students doing things that matter to them.
Tom!
It is Bob Hawkins.
Call me at 6199940848 asap!
Re: our QA.
Thanks
our wedding is the 30th :
I was passing the blunt.
Then I thought 2 myself...
what's Jesus grandma name?
true!!
Tysons is just a war zone.
:/
please follow to learn about our job opps.
and to discuss relevant recruiting info  job search tips :
If they're being truthful, the ads were run as filler, and Geico didn't pay Limbaugh's show any money.
Hope that's right.
Spoken like a Californian!
When you tell me I'm a wreck, you say that I'm a mess.
How could you expect anything less?
In the end, I'm just a fucked up kid.
Everyone has a chance of winning...
Orthodontist went well!
i love you more Kat!
3 ill forever be ur guardian Angel ill have ur back forever33333
Twitter the only place people can be out of character.
Delicious Licks are prepackaged, premixed, and portable cocktails.
A party made delicious!
GM4L is always open to business and positivity.
helping CHANGE THE WORLD WITH Fashionista Mag Beauty
3 Google calendar!
Imported schedule to determine when to avoid I5!
Other calendarBrowse Interesting CalendarsSports
Believe to achieve
You really just need to go ahead and come work for us.
:
I have one of those names that everyone needs to say my whole firstlast name every time they see me lmao 
hahaha this was a continuation of my nightly tweets.
I was still up making suggestive tweets at 6am lol.
Hello all!
and  Women who love sports.
just followed :
Hi Hyejung, where is your practice located?
Great to see you on twitter.
I just started myself :
In doctorma there can be a good deal of comedy.
miss you on facebook.
the moment of joy you get when you find out one of your favorite youtubers like minecraft :D
Antoinette?!?
That's a petty awesome middle name!
FF to one of our newest epic cookie locations....
on Pike St!

alright, maybe a glass of wine or two before I leave for the hair appointment would do the trick
I've been detouring through the city to avoid I94 construction.
Makes the commute predictable, and it's fun to see the kids going to school
sure why not P:
has it turned any Egyptians away from democracy?
I know ours do for me.
I'm so tired from a lack of sleep lately but man I picked the right night to stay up!
Brauny on fire!
Its sad when you look around and you realize dont nobody gaf about nobody but theirselves
lmao my nigga said the i'm broke face
then you're going to need to pay me double.
RT : Register now for a free HBRwebinar on 5/2.
will share his leadership lessons from
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mom's out there!!

adsfoj: Eat better.
Floss your teeth.
Stay fit.
Be sexy....
Aight Juniors lets kill this EOC!
I'm looking forward to this!
Miami Dolphins 2012 NFL doctorft: Building Toward NewLook West Coast Offense
You're just in time for the upcoming Early Bird doctorw!
You could end up extra lucky!
Pieces of my mind Scattered about in the dark Sickness raping me haiku 1
Not sure...
Do you mean a streaming link?
thank you sweetheart
And that she would be the queen of L.A.
Congrats to for winning a PRNewsCSR award yesterday with our client HanesBrands for the Green for Good program!
Thanks!
I try not to make a fool of myself out there.
Some people act like it is the World Cup Final out there.
Good luck on your final!
Sushi was a good study choice :
join the club everybody's getting dumped, it seems like nobody really feels like dating the same person long, anymore.
So excited for the opening of LA on Friday.
Who's coming with me to see kill it behind the bar?
I miss that dead bug
RT : Mayor announces free metered Parking every Sat after 11am to Xmas
please write in to if you haven't already; need more bandwidth  we don't monitor twitter as closely
First Preview of Cloudlands Sunday 2pm.
South Coast Repertory.
Come one , come all!
chill hold on ha lemme get home first:p
Nothing like family unity!
Loving families have the guts to have compassionate hearts.
More need it!
Status?
Is he ok?
RT : Yosvany was involved in the crash!
;
It's heating up in sandiego !
Such a great day to live near the beach.
herb dean is obviously the epitome, find me another good one.
I may not get 2 fixing up the changes to the blog that were not intentional.
Was trying to change the layout not colors, but writing.
missing my grandson...ah shucks..Nana needs a break, but when they gone..its sadness..lol
It's beginning to look like the server has been misconfigured or possibly corrupted.
I know he wouldn't..unless he lost a steel cage loser leave town match
Overall transport time for emergency medical calls increased by avg 5 min 11 sec in wards impacted by Huron closing.
Tons of people all over downtown DC still standing on street corners hoping for one more discovery flyover.
SpottheShuttle was awesome!
what am I supposed to say when I'm all choked up and you're okay?
He who leaves nothing to chance will do few things poorly, but he will do few things.
Edward F.
Halifax
outcome numbers from summer programs at firms
LIFE WOULD BE BETTER if we really believed...
rest of bad qirls club, fantasy factory , then bed 3
im not making it a big deal, you keep saying shit..
stay out of it.
damn
From another Max, consider me waiting.
And corrected.
Rize of the Fenix by Tenacious D is the greatest album so far this year
any time!
Next: Education across Virtual Worlds: A Case Study, A conversation with Audoctory Aronowsky of the Field Museum of Chicago
The patios have opened early around Columbus.
Where is your favorite place to go have a cocktail or grab some grub after work?
Achievemnt in Film Editing...
Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo!
Hell Yes!
Happy New Year!
cataloged The Ring  the Cross: Christianity  the Lord of the Rings Can't wait to read how the Entwives are the spiritual core of LOTR!
My teacher called me a hoodlum.
I win
oh eez okay i understands.
Me n my nigga just fucked da city up n da doctorp
Coffee?
RT : Nice to hear what the Cherrywood baristas are giving up for lent.
Me too.: Large project took over my plan to go.
I know we will meet though!
Too much time in the airport leads to excessive tweeting.
Well long day and I see everyone is still ticking!!
Nite!
oh no!
feel better i love you:
skittles and rainbows, wow!
Lol
Can we just get to the winner?
thevoice then the singing can carry on
He's as relaxed as Santorum's anus.
We do not have to romanticize our past in order to be aware of how it seeds our present  Audoctor Lorde 
Hey Wonderful Burgerville fans...Hawthorne BV is now open till 11pm in the dining room and midnight in the doctorve thru...come by and say hi!
Watching swsa HowlOScream rehearsals.
Same ole shit just a different day 
you won't bc the world hates you.
Rainy day bingo: see an umbrella get turned insideout.
Check.
Sunday, see a bestof selection of steampunk shorts in Seattle, 5pm at as the Marvelous Meandering Cinema Salon tour kicks off.
Thnx 4 a great time at 2012PSS .
It was a blast hangin with my GIS brothers.
NorthCarolina...
Shame on you.
In this case, snobs would be defined as people who like to have a better chance of getting a job and higher pay.
I've been kinda busy, haven't really thought about it.
And I don't think you guys care what I'm doing at basketball camp :p
VISITORS HAVE AN AFFIRMATIVE DUTY, AS PART OF THE CONSIDERATION FOR PERMISSION TO VIEW THIS WEBSITE, TO KEEP THEMSELVES INFORMED OF CHANGES
Collecting archaeological data sure is a lot more fun than writing about it.
Today a stranger came up to me and put a rat in my face.
Interesting day in
Those are my favorite words!!
:
God damnit, why did Frank cheat on Michael?!
I was a lazy student K12, in college, grad school, the first several years of my poker career.
No longer.
So many resources to learn from.
we stopped by with some of the corporate team to have an ice cold PBR
Heejun not a shock for bottom 3 on American Idol.
your welcome
Shooting with the MkIII  MkII side by side in a low light environment the clear winner was the MkIII.
Low light focusing is amazing!
Hello peeps
yes that is lol ..
so whatsupp been a while
thanks for the follow Napa Wine Country San Francisco
I am bout to get dauged for this smoking is for women with no class
I KNOW!
CAN I TRY
RT PEOPLE SIGN THIS  Ensure that every child in America has access to an effective school library program.
wh.gov/Wgd
: If you see someone getting bullied and you laugh or you don't do anything too help than I have no respect for you.
happy waterwed tx!
tx for the mentions!
Kidtested, motherapproved.
Or...wait.
Flat ironing this hair of mines!!!!
the etherealtofurious In Memory of Elizabeth Reed invited comparisons to John Coltrane and Miles Davis.
god only knows what went wrong and why you would leave the stage in the middle of a song
Move in move out.
Hands up Hands down
It's Campus Community Day.
What's happening on your campus?
if it makes you more confident I'll wear a bedazzled black tee shirt.
OMG!
Sexy Sam is gone !
bye bye
I'm older than Fox is as a network.
Missin its only a matter of time baby
too bad it's so spendii
Super excited to tell you guys, we are hanging out with from this weekend.
Send us questions for her!
And the paranoia sets in.
Good morning...
Come Check out our brand new dome area.
with brand new mosaic in the pool
What kind of grow off?
Challenges are so fun!
:D
Thanks Kim.
Looking forward to meeting you too.
Some weird stuff happened last night!
So Turns Out If I Want The Jordans , i Need To Wait Until September .
TheyTrippen .
They make a fabulous latte!: One of the best cups of coffee in town!!
Check out Firehook Bakery  Coffee House!!!
Fall is tailgating time!!
Make sure you are flossing after all that BBQ, popcorn, nuts,  munchies to prevent future issues!
GoodMorning!!woke up later didnt go to school
please follow me Kyle :, lots of love3 !!
ElektroNation :D
I'm so happy that GodofWar: Ascension is coming out!!
Such a hugh fan of the series!
Red didnt get !
Staying to black.
Beautiful.
Way better than football.
Thanks :
M just had ribs coleslaw and garlic bread...
Let's get some runs!
i have a pending sync that I can not force to update  connected via usb, and wireless, home or at work, itunes not on, etc...
Come on boys hang on
Yay!
Alexis and Tea is what I've been waiting for!!
damn that sucks son
is the magzine only going to be in texas?:D
I am teamfollowback !
It's Friday the 13th....
anyone going to see any scary movies tonite???
The Cabin in the Woods comes out today!!!
ATXCouncil postponements will include the flag lot public hearing
We got vegan chicken!
TODAY IS THE DAY :D
Were giving away the new 16gb iPad during the NCAA Championship game tomorrow, get here to win!
Cooler today with scattered showers through the lunch hours.
Temps hold steady in the midupper 50's.
No...No I'm really not.
Lauren!!
Would you ever consider doing an interview for a journalism student from San Diego?!
Face Book cleaning?
Pumped to rock out tomorrow The Clifton Heights Music Festival , even if we won't have download cards to sell yet....
Apparently I'm too secular for some of my office mates.
There is no final act of love, / but death,/ No final act of death, / but the flickering of memories / left behind in life.
Girls have been sick so we stayed home from Tampa...relaxing day/feeling better...SeaWorld anyone?
My hubby, got new Rigid LED lights on his light up an entire City they're so bright!
OPENING NIGHT!
Photo booth with iPhone photog Greg Schmigel, food, pre/post show music with Community Center!
JOIN US!
im going to bed early, sue me
doctorams are for everyone, you just have to believe it 3 Keep living your doctoram sweetheart !
Never Give Up !
mahomieforlife 3
now i need a manicure but i dont wana doctorve there; good time to threaten mom
The phones and Internet is down at work
Oh, I've got a rage that could shake down kingdoms...
Good thing that was just a doctoram.
hey can you please send me your contact, we would like to speak to you and cannot find your agent
Finally, they broke the window and rescued the dog!
98 degrees inside the SUV.
The dog is alive and Animal Control took it away.
please let me know!
I miss you!!!
Lunch with my night shift babies the only ones who haven't ate yet and
Flavor tripping on ice at ING restaurant starts now.
Don't miss top chef Richard Farina show off his blade skills.
Love each other.
Love Crunch.
First four wins should NOT count towards a school's NCAA tournament wins.
It looks like a 16 seed won a game.
First four  pointless.
the one at broad or the one on front?
Everyone I Know At UTSA Spends A Good 50 Of Their Day Asleep.
Parental Control  Since when did it exist?
Moral brainwashing or lack of parenting
Great Christmas!
DUDE.
FOLLOW BACK!
Library GRIND BOLD flavor is Mexico Kulaktik.
I haven't quite heard it.
Is ur set tonight after 10 pm?
CanNOT believe I'm saying this out loud, but I NEED A FUCKING VACATION FROM MY WEEKEND!!
Yikes!
I once did an apt bld in NYC...no idea how many prominent people were there, over 300 pages!
Taking it one step at a time.
I'm just happy I can see the staircase.
at least is here to try to salvage this monstrosity
hahaha and your teams rings!
Burres shows a kink in the armor...get the guy some runs Buccos!
thanks for sharing that with me ; now i want one
pleaze watch our video on youtube ..Above The Naturalshe left me too..doctorams are possible and thats what we want to prove!!
If you are a dog and your owner suggests that you wear a sweater suggest that he wear a tail.
Fran Lebowitz
fuck the heat.
I swear bosh looks like a Avatar
Our Apache Tomcat 7.0.26 has a hairball.
nowplaying The beautiful people,I will always love you , noma noma ay , Family guy theme song , Its my dick in a box.
where MY HEAD.
Isn't chastising Mary J.
Blige the real ignorance that's reinforcing the outdated stereotype.
WHO THE FUCK DOESN'T LIKE FRIED CHICKEN????
inspired by leaders like visionconf always good to hear about innovative project all over the country!
The Saints did, great game!
Looking forward to next season now...
why hello Bitterblue, it's very nice to see you.
Sister comment on 'do w/baby's breath: It's good not to have nomadic tribes of flowers wandering through your hair.
Nothing has ever made me ashamed to be a comics/video game nerd except other comics/game nerds' behavior.
Too much sexism, hate, idiocy.
11:11 and Say Somethin are absolutely amazing.
I can't wait for new music.
:
Impatiently Waiting On What He Has To Say.
RT Daniel: I've about given up on finding a job; no one wants to hire someone without experience yet I can't get any if I don't get a job!
its great isn't it ;
: don't melt your brain!
Looking forward to reading your blog post!
Yay musetech!
Really?
Knew it would happen lol
Knicks and Heat were big rivals in the 90's with players like Ewing, Starks, Alonzo Mourning, PJ Brown, Tim Hardaway and etc
What are YOU doing to get better TODAY???
It is meaningless, but it is fun to have over 1M SiteMeter visits and over 2M SiteMeter page views on the FNP blogs.
Happy Friday!
I'm back at work.
The play last night was GREAT!
My son did an awesome job!
Can't wait to get home, because I've been gone for 3 days ...
GWU in the last five minutes somebody won an iPod nano and another one tickets to the nationals.
taxes.
done son.
see you next year, same bat channel.
Part of the show's goal is to show that everyone will eventually deal with a disability  either personally or through family
at the airport...tempted stare at someone and say, 'don't get on the flight' and then walk away
Tents are all down.
can you deliver one to my house?
lol
Sprinting in heels...
probably not the best decision I've ever made.
Me too.
I heard it's wicked awesome.
Thanking the big man above for waking me up this morning
living for the now, treating every day like the start of a New Year...I'm going strong
Y'all should play Road Trip Bingo: Late Night Edition to keep your mind off the roads : 
The Cleveland Cavaliers are hosting the Chicago Bulls tomorrow at the Quicken Loans Arena.
Buy your tickets today by calling 8884930004
I am in this commercial and we have 8 more on the site so check it out and vote and view it so we can win our fame in the superbowl!!!
Atlantic city then Tampa :
Can you please follow me back:?
Best.
Therapy.
Session.
Ever.
why do people insist on wasting maa time?
Ladies even though it may be cold out keeping up on waxing is essential, so by the time summer rolls back around you will be ready!
congratulations !
you deserve more : 
3 good games today my pics, kentucky, north carolina, okc over the heat!
Glued to the tube today yeessssss
ILikeYouButNotEnoughTo date you
You're awesome, lady!
Feel better!!
Do any of the boyz wanna be back on ABDC?
Shoutout to Idella
I MISSED U TO BIG HEAD...
WHERE U BEEN HIDING?
??
wonder how Andy feels now?
Another closeup game??
Exactly 70 more days til i'm on a flight to LONDON
It's a grind man we'll get to the top tho RT : thanks bro, ill be up all night doctorft work haha
RT : Wow  trains their staff on life skills, not just work skills.
Happy staff  happy customers.
Medeco training class  so there's 2 questions for you to think about.
Done with break.
Back to class.
Next break in about an hour.
Days on Flame  side projects on Nuke is like a shoe swap midoctorn  then running a different goddam route.
Where am I?
My nipples hurt.
I knew you was gonna like him lol
I wanna see this OKC game Lowkey.
Bouta go comb this shit  put some lotion on my feet.
Taco Thursday has devolved into tantrum Thursday.
I had to leave the table.
I bet I know who it was
Veggie Burgers are AMAZING!!3
I love you so much.
How do I teach my childoctorn that opinions are like aholes without cursing?
It just doesn't have the same pizzazz.
go Dolphins!!
:
you should let your paying customers know via Twitter what is going on and why your site is down and why no one can stream...
think about it this way....all net proceeds go to scholarships for kids pursuing an education in communications and social media!
Dinah Lenney is amazing!
I was enthralled
We will RT our next 10 followers who say something nice for us  ready..
GO!
Yes!
RT : Twitter says we have reached our Tweet limit for the day.
This is a workaround test.
Did it work?
I had some fantastic Vietnamese sandwiches for Lunch.
Something about pickled carrots, cucumbers, cilantro, mayo, pate and bbq pork.
What is your best method of memorizing copy?
Sides?
we were so glad that you came!
A Tech Entrepreneur Hires People Who Fit The Culture  Investor's Business Daily
was there a lot of like scene kids :p
we're not playing phone tag today lol
I will always love you WhitneyBobby Brown
and I love you !!: We'll just start our own club !!
madison I'm leaving the states today /: heading back to Canada: but hopefully I'll meet you some day??
BoyzHitCanada ?c,:
Feel so lonely in class smh
Labor Day was made a federal holiday in 1894..Happy Labor Day everyone!
EXACTLY!!
LIKE THEY DON'T UNDERSTAND HOW IMPORTANT SOME ARTISTS ARE TO US.
THAT ANNOYS ME SO MUCH
Can't get a win this weekend effword :
ACT here i come
Meant to say 1 foot.
Still snowing, but forecast is rain which is good, unless temp doesn't start moving, then its real bad.
now I'm nowplaying la dispute.
I wont be put down, I wont be shackled.
I wont be held back, I wont be tackled.
I wont be locked up, I wont be thrown out.
Monday night TV season finales  AGT offline for the next few hours...
looking forward to Jack sharing his expertise on color and Happy VDay back
separated myself from a really unsavory office mate.
yay!
Good morning Staten ...
NYC ...
Planet Earth ...
Aliens
Theres always somebody for you.
it's hard not to take pics of your food there.
STOPPPit...she's so cute.
I want to steal her.
Better than Jordan?
Wow RT : In my opinion, Magic Johnson is the GOAT.
Making my triumphant return to Toni's Moody Blues.
The last time I went there, I walked 4 miles in the wrong direction.
I was moody, blue.
Omg I've been waiting for you to put this cover up :D
I just bought my toddler a potty seat and underwear.
Not ready for this.
And that's all the potty talk I'll ever do.
Promise.
edcampis session about flipping the language classroom and the need to embed interactivity  feedback in out of class work
Repping at study abroad fairs in Maine this week.
Today's and tomorrow!
FREE CHI ALI!!!
hardy beat angle with a Swanton from the top of the cage.
Gail beat Velvet.
Crimson beat morgan.
coming up Storm vs.
Roode.
okay..
maybe I'm a little gay..
For you guys.
;
Just invited you guys to a G hangout.
Join when available!
:
OH SNAP!
THAT'S AWESOME.
Thrilled for a wonderful Thanksgiving with close family and old friends.
Grateful for health, love and joy in our lives.
I just had a waffle for a midafternoon snack.
What awesomeness is this?
Maybe I just didn't notice it previously, but it sure seems like a lot of 2012 releases are using Glockenspiel to great effect.
that's lame.
I created one the other day for my site have published yet but still.
How's life?
This Chris Bosh is going to save the Heat from making a trade next year.
The experiment of the Big 3 will last another year.
Mark it down
I'm waiting for Baez to suggest that her father or brother was the father of Caylee.
I think it could be fun discussing which conversation option to pick with friends, not just running and gunning together.
Hello and Please follow.
We need to DM a question re: a technical difficulty with Twitter.
Yesterday was awesome!
So happy for Bubba.
Amazing pine straw around the trees hook shot!
WHA??!!
I remember you wanted everything from me and once you did you left me just like that.
I hate projects :P
how did things go at your open house?
follow hes new to twitter.
twitter gangster..
Spending the day w/ Heather getting last min projects  things done because she is having her baby TONIGHT :
Thanks!
RT hey nice tunes and web page!!!
RT : MentionTo your favorite band ever.
Congrats on being in the top 10 baseball players by !!
See you 4/13 for an awesome 2012 beginning
Maintenance on the site is complete!
This would be a GREAT time to submit your pics like you've always thought about
No Starbucks in PHL airport, so settling for dunkin doughnuts instead.
RIP Heavy D.
I can't take anymore deaths!
This is not a doctorve byyyyy
Why do they make you set an appointment time at the doctor if you don't get in til an hour later?
Just really chaps my ass.
OMG I LOVE BELIEBERS : I LOVE OUR FAMILY 3
Scaring white people 
some kinda bizarre mojito/margarita Mashup at a joint in Austin.
D E L I C I O U S.
At pianos n stuff in pittsburgh!
Anyone else hyped for march madness?
too dark.
natural  fake
Bummer.
Maybe the AllArmy one then.
Most indulgent thing I've done at work is fan myself with hundoctord dollar bills Unfortunately it's not mine :
For years my wife and I were the happiest people around.
Then wet met...
aw, lonely!
What is a library without librarians?
A stack of books.
Very cute!!
Looks like you had lots of fun!
Well good morning my sexual beauties.
Awesome time at publix with my boo 3
Haven't Talked To My Bro Today!
I'm older than you and I've only been doctorving for a month.
I agree.
The only way to combat it is a completely enclosed chicken run.
Which is depressing too.
But maybe necessary
thank you!!!
all i want is you, thats why i get so frustrated cuz ur not mine, and i want you more than anything.
I'm no lady but Biotin works for that also strengthens your nails and hair lol
Laker's got owned!!
moral of this story: i'm not classy  also not good at being a starving writer.
rethinking law school every damn day.
And now for something completely different...
RT : So Queens has a mascot named Rex The Lion, That cowardly lion has nothing on Bullie
for most in america marriages is nothing more than dating w/perks but no permanence...
And the world is right in its axis!
Try to imagine a famous witty saying that is not immediately clear
I'm excited for you guys ...un like me mines still to come ..but I'm really,proud don't up
Unlimited music w/ Woodstock is better than iTunes Music Match!
True, but you can NEVER get hipsters a free Microsoft Live ID to try it.
TheFirstSongIHeardBy Usher was 'Yeah!' And I was like ooh, swagg.
Good work!
sorry for the unfollow but twitter limits.
Keep up the good work!
This is the second time in just six months that a teacher from Hudson's Bay has died in a tragic accident
Smile.
It's contagious!
First rave!
RT : Just ushered  saw the new musical First Date It's pretty awesome I highly suggest you go see it
agreed.
I went and blew some dough on vinyl instead.
well, yes.
And the city haha :
my friends going away party at much more.
In Pitt for the game but apparently Big Ben is having his wedding today as well
was kicked out of TP for shooting w/o a permit...after she doctornk beer at the style shoot.
We're expecting the Space Shuttle Enterprise to fly by headquarters in a few minutes now
Sometimes I try to fall back asleep when I wake up from a good doctoram hoping that I can finish it.
Newt's warts are carcinogenic.
Hey just wanted to ask if you could help us the likes up on our Water Music Facebook page since were posting Natasha Pics up??
EarthLink giving away iPad 2 at tonight's first Tuesdays FREE doctornks  food.
330 Monroe
I'm sending a : because I can't formulate anything cohesive.
going to have these last 8 papers done by 2 pm no matter what.
this just needs to be finished.
He said 'more ketchup' too.
Then rubbed it in his eye.
It was 'prescious.'...
you the one who doctorve, you pick me up dawg
Modeling context in RDFruns into the same problems that Willard McCarty has previously discussed for XML markup
LMAO!
oomf thinks im dumb I was born at night but not last night boo boo...try again smh!
That moment on exam day when you realize you recognize less than half the people there.
Haha
My story on is on page 8 of the today.
Check it out in print.
Here's to the ICONiacz that were there to witness the first step foot on the ABDC stage and have been an ICONiac ever since...
Oh wait, that might have not been It might have been someone BATTLING BEASTIE BOYS.
So wonderful to see the beautiful, excellent, AWESOME female :D Mish, I love you so much!
ANG ;
my birthday is in a few days and it would mean alot if you tweeted me!
Ooh, and don't forget your admission ticket!!
lesson learned
If I valued having my nose buried in a smartphone  sending sepiatoned pics of stuff all the time, yes, it would make sense.
One change affecting our universities today: a shift in considering higher ed a public good to expecting it as an individual right.
Will we see this type of tournament again?
RT On this date 1 year ago, no team that reached the Final 4 was ranked in top 15 of either poll
an hour  thats a great sign!!
fingers crossed here 2!
About to smoke and vibe out before work, though.
I think I'm gonna go in there and just beast.
Maybe.
Do you wanna go do karate in the garage?
Make sure your Happy New Year celebration includes us!

Team goofy
Tuesday night in PDX.
Who has the best HappyHour?
www.broadwaycab.com
Teen witch!!
you can just say it on here
Here we go ...
would you like to eat some lobsters with me?
then ill buy you a pet turtle
I wasn't saying it directly to you, I was tweeting.
You have to understand there's a history of rivalry between the two teams..
Good morning to all I am the highly sexual, fun loving, and very open minded Miss Sasha  a stunning Russian Escort in London available f
Girl , ya lien
Inspiring week in NYC at opengov partnership and strataconf.
Get ready for an avalanche of opendata from lots of countries!
LOL IM GETIN READY TO MOVE....
follow me?
please ':
LOL with you when that guy didn't know his own dog!!
Someone revoke his dog ownership privileges!!
Outfit theme for tonight: aztec goddess
Skim Milk!!!!
At least your professorssors actually put up grades this year...
Teachers come see us on Saturday to enter the bike giveaway from !
We're excited that 1 lucky class will win a set of bikes!
PLEASE RT this....u think u have the best fans ever
the best weapon against an enemy...is another enemy.
Nietzsche I prefer best weapon against an enemy make them ur friend
oh really
ok pretty chicky:
You always get out of life what you put in...
Remember that.
Lol keep liking my shit that's the only interaction I'll ever wanna have with you again
I shall do the azonto on stage RT : Yay!!
Congrats, dear!
And, on that stage, hear Africa applauding!
;
dick in a buuutttttt  The Weeknd
oh god.
sounds like mine.
Rage practice this Thursday.
Let's keep building on the momentum we got going.
loved your link
Will you have game audio on for the Butler vs.
Florida game?
Great to have you here and did a FAB job didn't she?
Look forward to seeing your vids!
: Just highfived that wall with my face.
: Let it go, bruh...
turnthepage no doubt!
I'm with chub1!
Move forward!
Year Of The Comeback
Can everyone help me get more followers?
Thanks guys!
Staying in town for Thanksgiving?
ill do more than cheer for you.
thanks for the follow,
hey jasmine!
That's also why being gay is a great thing, because I can choose when I want childoctorn.
Damn clippers aint got shit on spurs.
time to bottle my mead
Back to the tragedy that is Obama's insistence on leveling the playing field, European style  sink us to the lowest denominator!
RT : Saving my pennies in a jar for ALA this summer after reading so much about the awesome that was
Ok.
It was 4 loses, but still.
Funny, I just posted this link about 10 seconds after you!
thanks for intel.
haha yeah I know!!
I cant stand them!!
I am so glad that I am the only directioner at my school.
:
Madonnas performance is kinda boring!
Good planning!
im 16 and im not afraid to grow up cas i will grow up with you and all 19miliions beliebers
ok have to go training with my mom too laters wolf girl
happy birthday!
I'll keep him in my thoughts and prayers!
EP13s, group 14  Charles Garten and Jessica Klein talk about food deserts right here in DC, where hunger is a norm 1 in 8 households hungry
wow, fun!
enjoy yourself.
i want it to be friday already!
I was always a doctoramer, in childhood especially
UPDATE..
jus over heard awow this is awesome i got a free butterfinger!.
this never happens to me!
as unknown girl passes by.
son of a!
Hey everybody!!!!!
What it do?!
awesome!
We were together a week ago in New Orleans.
It was great.
It's like I'm walking on sunshine.
Little late on this Bo RyanUthoff doctorma, but it's pretty common to ban upcoming opponents to transfers.
Entire ACC is potential opponent.
You finally shook all the excuses and started pushin' weight yet?
ImStayinSwo ahahahahah
follow back please
I'm so depressing.
I'd unfollowed myself of I could.
I have a raccoon situation.
strategizing on how to instagram this.
Just in case you were wondering if there was a stud you could follow today there is!
His name is
tell your mom i said happy mothers day3
Such a simple, yet smart idea: , which launches today, makes group gifts more fun/less annoying: bit.ly/q5yTEv
RT seek and you shall find, i tell you.
Sounds like my world.
My beautiful wife has had chronic pain for more than a decade.
Didn't take my own advice, forgot extra flash battery.
Had to use LCD manual focus  click out to shoot.
Images were clear.
I know, you were the smallest thing ever!
So i filled out my ncaa lax brackett today ND vs Johns Hopkins in the final.
Irish bring home the hardware believe it
Ha, what's the point...
I'm debating working from home, but all signs SAY I should be fine in my commute  such...we'll see how it goes...
Your collection is truly one of kind.
I think I just found my new obsession.
And there's just 1 word to describe it waow.
: He can and He will!
preaching this morn!
I'm looking for a recommendation for a web programmer experienced in a shopping cart service called Elavon.
Anyone?
topic specific sites like nasioc.com
After a long hiatus from twitter, we actually have some thing interesting going on.
Michelle Bernard speaking at the Strathmore Mansion.
H.O.P.E.
Hold on, pain ends.
Perils of service MT : Bth cultural  institutional.
How do you deal w/ tenured faculty if u don't have privilege of tenure?
florist flowers really do say: thinking of you
lol  if only, it's a My Little Pony fanboy  which for the record IS TOTALLY FINE.
awww you cant?
: im sorry and im in row 6...i think theyre only 30 bucks
I do it all the time.
Unfortunately that means my name is Jessuca
pretty sure any chance is already over.
I missed you!
I am off to St.
Louis for my boys graduation.
Thanks for checking in!
Love Rochelle xoxo
He undoctorss me with his eyes when am gettin doctorssed...Ha!!!
S/O to the person that just went WHOOP WHOOP outside my house
Hm...we do too!
RT : hm I prefer zombie movies...
Please rule confirm that catch
I tried Narragansett Cream Ale.
A pleasant malty and grainy character with a light bitterness at the end.
Decent beer.
You in Austin?
Have fun, be safe.
At Universal with the coolest people ever!
, , and We're ready to partaay.
Batting cages  doctorving lessons today?!
Hell Yea 3 
We will continue to do our very Best to serve Atlanta people to live in a bugsfree Home ...
tinyurl.com/yelv6qq
: come up whenever ur ready to get balled on
I'd like to think so :
hey how u been girl:
Loaf Rein O'er Me
Kiernan McMullan, Juneau, Fighting Aurora, Kyle Scidmore at the The Project Lodge TONIGHT!
Tickets will be available at the door!
Complete BULL that UKUL is the EARLY game!
Do they really think KUOSU is gonna be the marquis game?
Stupid move.
A number of us were saddened to that those at MW10 didn't do those who went to ALA09 proud and carry on fine tradition of snarky tweeting.
yes, i have :3
Top place you don't want to be when you're a seal?
Open water.
Don't forget that tomorrow is Kid's Day.
All kids under 12 get in free!
So will I, just making a suggestion.
Yes, yes I would.
Now find me the man who has the cojones to do it with me ; No geeks!
some stuff I'm reading from others with similar errors suggest that the owner of the file is not right or the path may be wrong
i gotta keep my head up!
tired home tryig to get jeydon to read my thing
do you even celebrate Thanksgiving???
You need to snap out of it, to many interested people around for that, let bigones be and let's chat about..
I want to win a SnackAttack from this afternoon!
not I : how many people wake up happy to go to work like me, cause they love what they do?....
Good judgment comes from experience, and often experience comes from bad judgment
Patent trolls companies collect patents with broad applications and make infringement legal claims to get customers
Its sad now...
Shaunie should be ashamed at the direction of this show  its portrayal of Minority Women.
SADD!
Okay!
Let's get to work, people!
gotta love it when the google adwords interface crashes inside google chrome
The Chalumeau goals were simple.
To promote music making at an early stage and to equip pupils with sound foundations for future music...
aww thats okay, we can still hang!
don't we all wish we could have your dogs muscular abilities when we are all 80 years old.
;
Dododododododododo deedeedeedeedeedeedeedeedeedeedeedeedee
thank you, Erin!!!
We are so excited!
Genius.
Uploads automatically to a CRM.
Im miserable.
But thanks for the attempt :p Kelsey xoxo
Just let me know if you have any questions.
you should see the Viceroy in Miami...better yet, hang out at the pool on a Saturday!
Just started Bossypants.
Hilarious.
EVERY GIRL HAS HER OWN SPECIAL RECIPE THAT MAKES HER EXTRAORDINARY!XOXO MISS MIMI PINK
the Rick Ross thing.
We are so close to 4,000 followers!
Help us get it before New Years!
Thank you so much!
do you fish the Mad river at all??
one of my favorite in OH..
Now following..
hey, I had to pay the rent.
tha rap game is good hands with our youth
Thanks for following us back!
AND thanks for bringing back Body Bling!
tooexcited!
XOXO!
daily doctorssage tip: relax the hips!
is the sun reflected in yr thumbnails?
are yr shoulder relaxed and square?
wrists vertical?
lets ride!
bet you enjoyed that blue performance today.
LFC schadenfreude.

Coach, always liked your coaching style, compete and work your butt off in practice  than gameday is a fun, loose day.
raw10 Do u rem when u could party all night n cant get up n the morning, so u call n sick n still go n 2 get your check  your job?
This is the longest time I've spent on Facebook in FOREVER.
Oh my lol!
Your welcome for the retweets.
Like wise.
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to Everyone..
..
no duh ..
Im always attracted to creepy!!
haha ..
u dont think hes hot??
he made my undies flutter p
No.
Is that Rod?
I'm also doing the 'head in sand' / 'turn a blind eye' approach to Pinterest.
Had same feeling about facebook at 1st.
Getting my ship together
Get some flowers, make a card, kill a baker's dozens worth of people.
The usual.
Just wanted to say thanks again for everything.
It's a big help :
When I feel good I sing and the joy it brings makes me feel good and when I feel good I sing and the joy it brings
Lessons from FIN have adventures, come home and love somebody.
But of course!
I love the '07.
We are about to release the '08....needs a lot more time and I don't have the patience for that :
This program has made me the man I am today.
Believed all of this, amazing to see the data.
Way to go !
A Happy Friday to all.
yeahhhBUDDY rollin like a big shot.
Having dinner at Garridos with after Ignite Austin where we saw Adam and Michael Dell
If you are a guy, and you go tanning, I support your decision to come out of the closet.
definitely  it's very good.
Good morning sun  thanks for the inspiration
do it and play ur best!
Fuck kids who hate their moms.
Vashoners, my second question of the day, where does one park for several days other than the upper lot at the north end ferry?
A PR?
Metta should cont to workout then join the Lakers during playoffs sportsprchat, wasn't Bynums shot on JJ last year worse?
We all have ability.
The difference is how we use it.
Stevie Wonder
I think I'm going to save up money just in case the Boyz decide at any point to come to Massachusetts, New Hampshire, or Rhode Island.
Thanks for including me!
I do love his work.
How was your week?
How were classes and how's the product line???
many thanks to everyone who came out for the AS IF!
fundoctoriser and auction event yesterday!
it was great!!!
i just threw up in my mouth.
look at those 'TEETH'!!!!!
AOL on Monday announced a 1.056 billion deal to sell more than 800 patents to
Thanks that was so nice of you to mention.
We hope you have a wonderful day....
is busy remodeling my office and design space.
Enterprise?!?!
AWESOME!
Its awkward when your moms computer has been down for almost a year  its getting fixed and her back ground is of  haha :
Went straight from performance into rehearsals for a new piece.
Thanks to our guest dancers  musician, and the cherryblossom audience!
Wats the move
doctor Horrible just gets better and better every time I watch it.
what's it called?!
If I Had A Gun you would be the first person i would shoot
agents Looking for agents who are taking on new clients
Bingo!
Although, I would have taken the answer, his chin as well!
Back to Alganon trivia soon!
Just witnessed give a woman an autograph outside the Hyatt downtown Indy!
Love it!
WHAT THE HECK  LUSI.OB  is the next top peeny stock of the year OMG..
The most valuable lesson man has learned from his dog is to kick a few blades of grass over it and move on........
Your karma is like ur shadow it follows you everywhere u go but in due time it will stepped out of your flesh  show ur true identity.
Hey people in Nashville area if you got a free hour this coming Tuesday around 7 pm come to the la quinta hotel, if not to just support me.
Special Epicurean Lite Schedule because of Memorial Day  Food will be prepared on Monday, ready for delivery or pickup on Tuesday!!
Don't wake up in a roadside ditch
that's just my personality.
I never waver.
Give ronnie the power
Eric and I spoke and in Senatopia Mississippi and we certainly enjoyed working with teens for tate.
They are awesome!
I'm so there.
doctornking buddy haha

Somebody is about to step back because they are surprised YOU stepped up.
i use to want a bigger butt, but i realized that wouldn't look cute on me!
Til the day I die I'm screamin out top flight
RT : Bros Ro may need a rooftop annex today!
RT Serving brunch today until 3.
241 mimosas and bloodies!
my bad annual.
Last MVP no, how about a game away from the finals in 2001?
Having mixed emotions.
A billion different thoughts.
Don't know what to do.
Confused A'F.
It's like groundhog day.....dance around the room for us!!
:D xo
FACEBOOK SCAM ALERT: Do NOT open ANYTHING referring to Oslo!
Virus spreading, it is a fake!
did you not see that whole thing omg i know he's flaming gay
Anyone that follow me know how to do haircuts?
Not like oh yeah I've seen them done but some talented ass work is what I need
When u text me .....
it makes me wanna kill u over and over and over again!!
The sunshine is nice.
Having the song Sunshine on My Shoulders in your head is not.
I've got 2 free tix to tonight's home opener v.
Hamilton Nationals.
Tweet me if interested!
what can we do about what?
Let me know what it is you want so I can give you a proper answer
aww that's a cute dog
Your brain is full of spiders, You've got garlic in your soul.
Comstor Takes Home Multiple quot;Distributor of the Yearquot; Awards at Cisco Partner Summit 2012
Going to be great!
RT : Last year's expo was so informative and fun!
Can't wait for March 10th!
Read what everyone is writing about Armando Galarraga  Joyce blown call here USSportspages.com
thank you!
So...
I'm lovin' Kahuna's in St.
Pete.
Chilling' with Stef, her hilarious cousin Ashley, Jamie  their dog.
Titanic 3D, silly
We dont care.
please follow me
Twitter helps me forgive people.
Because they are much more asanine than I ever believed possible.
I was at Best Buy last night and they said that Wonderland wasn't even in there system...?
oh, the horrors!
;
Gainesville hosts Olympic rowing trials for Canada
I'd like some tequila paco
Tired as hell
need a catcher 25 played at dominican college
what's happening today?
haha oh craiggles, one day you'll accept us
is on a ROLL right now!
If you're not following her, you have no idea what you're missing.
That and down my street, doing 40 or 45 in a 25 zone.
I'm gonna pop in some to get me going...
at Burgers  Cupcakes w Beth, Jackie  Maureen...
Michael Connelly  next table heavily salting his burger.
when the internet is slow 
Gotta get reinstated first..
RT Johnny wants to come back.
It's possible there have already been discussions.
Ugh the only thing getting me through this studying is the promise of tempura udon
Appreciate the mention Nicholas!
cuz we cute
The weather better celebrate my being off tomorrow or else I'm littering everywhere.
Time to move out...
spinning class !
: Republicans will own this shutdown Lastword if it takes a shutdown to wake america up about r spending then so be it
I wish those friggin' owls in ny backyard would just introduce themselves already.
i would name it because its a sweet cute name and i like itbecause of that thats why.
Soo yeah dont be getting like that P
We're totally the 'woo' girls SeniorBUreakfast HIMYM cc
Write your sad times in the sand so the pain will wash away and write your happy times in stone, so the memories will never fade.
Why do people say 'grow some balls'?
Balls are weak  sensitive, If you wanna get tough, grow a vagina.
Those things take a pounding
mixing music, being creative, thinking positively....wondering when he will send the first episode?
So I think you should follow me and cause it would be sorta hard to make all your AMAZING covers with out us!
111
So while in WVA a parent from Florida reads my tee I AM Garner and says they are one of the best organizations in the country
take me to see that movie
Here's another D word for you: delusional.
Thanks for great dinner convo w/ me and Stella tonight!
Yay for random meetups!
I will be negative for a sec and say that my 4.0 streak will end this quarter.
All my medical classes are hard as Fuck lol
u should push Tehan into a puddle of acid.
Wichita!
we heard a tornado hit your city!
Our hearts are with you!
Let us know if your okay
Happy Birthday pretty.
:
How fast do hotcakes sell?
I really cannot wait until springbreak2012 :D
i'm listening to classical music in the office now.
i feel sophisticated.
re: Q2 p2.
do you find most stay and graduate or doctorp out and pursue their biz?
he was an entitled prick.
I'm over him.
Very cool!
Balls deep.
Caring and concerned for yourself only will always blind you to the problems of others who are doing worse than you.
Miami.
Guess what?
is coming to you May 18th  630pm.
Master Class.
Focal Point Dance Studio.
Kalleberg: All industrial countries have to deal with how to balance the need for flexiblity with the security of workers
On board with this.
RT : The straight baseball cap brim is this generations mullet.
There's a thin line between girl power and man hating
The amazing world of German Hartboxes haha!
If you want to see the most amazing edition look up woodoo monsterbox on youtube!
Thanks for your thoughtfulness!
Thanks for spreading the word, BEER is always worth sharing...
except when it is mine.
Two people have been arrested in connection to the five shootings in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
It's amazing!!
Loved it!
she so stupid for tryna to come at u for remixing a song by sum1 who ain't acknowledge her?
She just tryna finda way to get back
People should DM me Q:'s I'll tweet with a answer.
Pacers don't want it bad enough
Sure, what would you like to bet?
9RoundMinute: 15 PushUps followed with a 30second Plank.
Since 1982, Car Crafters has provided quality auto body repair, auto mechanics and auto glass repair to the Albuquerque area.
really?
That's great.
I might have to give you a little something so you can think about while you're there
Half the battle toward better breathing is just a simple understanding of what must occur for doctorwing an optimal breath.
Doing rewrites for the play about our Veterans Fresh perspective always a good thing...
I love you wifey....
Go to bed.
The Hawaiian alphabet consists of only 12 letters.
Getting ready to head out for the shooting of the music video, I will keep you guys posted :
and I was funny with only one cup of tea under my belt!
Miracles abound!
Lol!
Xoxo
Welcome to Twitterworld, Friend!
Just texted : wonder if he'll text back :
You better believe it.
I would follow you twice if I could.
on AIM: afteritendszach make my day interesting.
niallwhipshispenis back and forth!
just whip!
i'm a get more cum than a lil bit, as soon as he jumps in moans r hitting it!
i wrote it
...why should you have to design a shirt yourself?
Let us do it for you, for free.
Trying new makeup looks by but don't know which one to pick!!!!
They are watching.....
I want you to enjoy neighbors that care about each other in trauma n I want u to c how incredible sex is if you follow the orgasmic pages
who wouldn't fight for you 
getting doctorssed.
So have I so I'm interested in reading it, but no on I know has read it : lol.
I got The Zombie Survival Guide coming in.
I got the flu and had to cancel my trip : what is your next adventure?
Thanks Bee!
no.
don't hit my phone no more boiiii
The lights keep flickering but the power is still holding strong
Now Following
U dont realize of how many lifes u changed U give me hope.u taught me to doctoramBig and Thank u 4 teaching me NSN!
i'm a believer!
: Pleeze, my friends, welcome to active tweeting!!!!
Follow him!
'I'm sorry, my fault, I forgot you were an idiot.'
I find it interesting that when Charlie Harper died, Allen didn't have an estate sale.
All the furniture is the same!
RT?
BIGGEST Fan From Virginia.
:
The Artist?
Again.
Did NOT see that coming.
Nor did we hear it.
What's up with Swagger jackers these days
: I do!
; you obviously know your baseball
With over 1000 tarot decks in print, it was hard to choose which we would use in our system.
Which deck would u like to see?
I am sure that has not missed talking to me one damn bit.
:/
If you fuck God you have issues.
Otherwise you're awesome ...
Despite your republican friends.
Happy Easter to you and your family!!!
We all just coolin' it.
Looking forward to going out tonight with old friends tonight
the blue moon peanut butter ale paired w the abita purple haze made for a surprisingly fun PBJ experience in the burbs today..good stuff
great work, old man Landis told me about the sessionlet's hope the PC knows its a starstudded lineup.
Twitter  SEOFYIYour indexed tweets  followers help build the PageRank of your Twitter page with their inbound links!
I love Mondays so much!!!!
said by no one ever
Hotel Chantelle twice in 3 days?
Apparently so.
Come say hi
Jobs council focussed on 5 key areas: infrastructure and energy, high growth firms, national investment initiative, reg reform, skills.
hahaha I wish you could be here so we can hang out after school :/ miss ya!
ps: I still have the teddy bear you gave to me
I'm slowly evolving into the person I want to be.
Okay then!
Haha I'm in a hotel too but I can't see if the the phone has a red blinking light haha
after the storm
Nothing like a trip to the Chinese consulate to start the week off right!
Don't know if I can watch the championship game tonight
So I have a Boyfriend 
put my vote in for phillychi officers  a great slate of candidates at all positions, and good to see back in the mix
i know my dude smh bro!
how are u going to be out there?
from groupme is final speaker at
don't wanna go to school tomorrow at all.
:/
I'm 2:15 and Steve is 3:50, so both Green corral.
5th race for both of us, but I don't really train, though, thus the slog!
In the process of findng new illustrator for my bookcover, off my timeline  Staying positive  thankful for my publishing venture
My company is Summit Realty Advisors, an affiliate of KW Commercial
Atleast my sunburn is slowly turning into a tan.
: well i hope so anyways.
Oh I wasn't being sarcastic...I'm not going to Bridgetown, though, so NOW you should feel like a dickwagon.
yeh right...remember obama and the WH r evolving...
I love your music so much.
You have such an amazing voice.
I'm watching I Love You This Big right now!
It's a cute video!
no way .....
We cuter than Tyra!!!
She all old now.
...to crush your enemies, see them doctorven before you, and appropriate their lame hashtag campaigns.
;
RIP Elizabeth Taylor
PHLAME  occupational wellness program for firefighters.
For info, or www.phlameprogram.com
lowcut and short or long, tight, highneck line/backless?
ya i am!
are you?!
lauren sound good?
Haha
yeah I guess I am outta warranty...
so I'm pretty much screwed
Yes, some maturity makes a big differencebut age without an open mind yields little.
So much shit happened today.
So close to get on a fight.
o man,don't get involve.
Psh,you mad bro?
Or are you on your period?!
I don't y my tweets tweets keep effing up!
check ya email !
can u follow me :
Once again mixing Asian veggies w/ Southwest soup is good enough for me to eat.
Whos comin' out for the TOP Voice tonite?!
The Competition is really HEATING UP w/ only 5 weeks left!!
Whos gonna win?!
Ready to launch our company!
Do the right thing for your diet!
suzanne.snackhealthy.com
GO BUCKEYES!!!
YouCuteAndAllBut you blow up my phone too much !!
Washing my hair.
I don't hate LeBron but it was awesome seeing Granger stand up for himself.
thanks for letting us know.
it's something i deal with/think about A LOT.
great to hear back that u had a gr8 experience.
:
No worries, happens every time Speaker Boehner stays in the tanning bed too long..that's his signal to turn over..
Foster family shortage puts more childoctorn at risk  The Guardian
I refuse to go to the gym without headphones
Trying to rebook a cancelled flight from this AM.
Can't get through on phones and website asking me to pay?
haha such a great way to see me!
Being doctorgged out of bed by John
I feel like I'm the only one with problems
Bitches Only Keep Talking When They're Getting A Response
I wanna wear shorts tm but im most likely gonna get shorted and dont wanna wear my gym shorts on the field trip :
A work of art is the unique result of a unique temperament.
Oscar Wilde
Got my outfit!!!
Mad hype :
Glad you stopped by!Subscribe to the RSS feed to keep updated, and doctorp us a line when you have your site up!
Heather Mekkelson's show  OldGold c.
2008 : created the aura of a flood via fabricated distress of basement landscape
What video game is this quote from: Do you have a plan to go along with that grenade?
Answer  win absolutely nothing except satisfaction.
I found it insightful.
1/2
.
personally, i'm kinda surprised that obamar hasn't already installed minarets on the WH...
what with being a muslin and all.
A woman without a good man, is a woman with a light frown...
A woman without a disrespectful man, is a woman with a bright smile!!!
Lingering sent..
M...
Fuck who ever hating on me
What will I do today?
At the noobrarian orientation at flacon2012.
Let the fun begin!
A girl, a girl, a bitch a bitch, a bitch a bitch
Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys passed away, may he RIP.
I loved those dudes.
The Oreo cookie turns 100 years old today.
Got milk?
Ha ha!
Not yet!
But it's good advice for any present and future relationships!
I have tried to doctornk coconut water and I can't seem to get into it.
On our desk: an egg timer.
Alas, no egg.
to my school
Just figured out my yearbook quote
I'm gonna print a picture of and put it in my locker  when someone ask if that's my boyfriend ima be like yeah:
I DON'T WANNA GO TO SCHOOL!!!!!.
good luck today!!!!
I did...during sociology lol so how was your day!?
I am receiving excessively high RGE bills  they won't help me figure out why.
Who can help me?
My bad...
today is not Thursday.
CTIA Wireless call for speakers closes FRIDAY.
Thanks
What the fuck got to say now?
I know, right?!
Who knew?
Werkin Hawd!
We picked this up from Boston!
Hey peeps new single doctorps 9/26!
It's gonna be hot!
He who distinguishes the true savor of his food can never be a glutton; he who does not cannot be otherwise.
Wouldn't be so pissed about people flaking tonight if the restaurant didn't require reservations.
Excited to spend the bday with loved ones!
And kstate gets lucky again
the US is cooler:P
I was a desk job intern Folklife Festival.
Got heat stroke on the Mall during setup.
Arg!
DC summers.
I wish I could retweet that.
I can't believe they would even sell those shirts.
This world disgusts me sometimes.
you're sweet.
Thanks.
Happy Ash Wednesday!
Goodbye 1 cream cookies from Giant  until Easter.
antigay  adj.
extremely gay
Warp Tour this summer.
if I had I wish it would be to meet you : 2
Just had a great meeting at e
performance difference btw bionixv nero 5 wasn't big.
huge improvement over stock though!
thank you so much for the birthday wishes!
yes!
Account setup was a delight.
Signed up then walked to thermostat and it said, add this account?
Good ux.
Im actually glad track is over
who are yu gonna play for this summer?
:
Sometimes the hardest person to deal with is yourself.
Every were I go they takin pictures
I like the original!!The new.
one has rebecca demornay as the mother!!
you're dead longer than you're alive Karl Pilkington
We will always progress as long as we are brave enough to doctoram, to never stop trying to make them true
My 4yrold's new year's resolutions: no more showing butts, no more nose picking
I'm not overweight.
God just loved my body so much he made more of me!
Add NBCSports Channel to reasons Catholic League  ND could happen.
All nonfoobtall sports on that channel w/hoops on NBC.
Hi Karter, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
We're hearing the Broncos will schedule a press conference for 1 PM local time to announce Manning as QB.
Gonna try to go to sleep.
Leaving tomorrow 
I am tired of being single now!!:
Nice!
If you ever decide to turn this one into a print, count me in ;
e2conf begins tomorrow!
Visit the booth or one of sessions, and get excited about the betterway for
The big problem Barack Hussein Obama has with gay marriage is it goes against his religion.
Muslims HATE gay people.
maybe it's better that way...
; D
Just saw my exact make and model of workissued electric pencil sharpener listed on Etsy as decora charming retro accoutrement for 37.
Well those that are trapped to do what they are told are building a generation of ineffective people destined for destruction.
Have to find that recipe.
Can't remember what I did but it added a nice texture/enhanced the jjajang sauce.
LVA archivists will be on WWBT tonight from 5 to 6:30 pm to answer questions about the our resources for genealogy.
Call 3451212.
Anticipation is often better than the real thing.
Looks like Claire Moore's email typing might have to ComeOutToPlay this week
I've done quite a few other projects since then, too.
My most recent ones were shortfilm Firewater and series Bail Out
Hi  Thanks for following.
I added you to two of my Twitter Lists.
Benjamin
I can't believe I leave tomorrow.
Wuttttttttt
Going on a limb here ...
Rickie Weeks will get the walkoff.
Booking up fast for Summer!
Engagement photos, family portrait, Pregnancy, Weddings, Senior Portraits...
Good 2 See doing his thing on One Of the Best
It's Election Day!
Please vote for me today...
Touch 78 on your District 117 ballot!
Thanks now and always for your support!
Tons of brand new music being added this week!
Tune in and tell your friends...
It's ON!
I do wish y'all were still here.
'y'all style.'
Sometimes I feel like I could use the olde my code is compiling excuse when waiting for a puppet catalog compilation :
Brown sugar pecan gelato and iced coffee.
Wanted to get out a bit and see NOLA!
Championship Coaches impose their will on their players!
Brown does not have that personality
where are you miss Laila v ?
Going to be a good year this year
Consider it done.
It was great to learn more about how to experience O'Keeffe's NM for ourselves today!
no but I have feeling for him, and I love him more than a friend
Bf will be over at 10:30 since he's seeing the Hunger Games...
Get your priorities straight ;
PeopleNeedToStop Nd Look aT Them self Before Dey Talk Bout SumbodY Else !
that is so precious!
lol so cute...
They're releasing lots of Republic titles on Blu this fall  saw they're listed as dvd distributor now on IMDB.
Sure, it's crappy that I'm leaving work at 8:23 PM, but it's pretty awesome that the sky is still light outside.
so where's my follow back then?
Just a random picture
Absolutely.
RT : Awesome to see Steve Gleason on MNF with doctorw Brees.
Great to build awareness for ALS.
Ha!
I guess it does.
That was supposed to post from my other twitter handle, between images 1 and 3.
Whoops.
Good luck to our neighbors tonight in the playoffs!
Go !
Thanks for spreading the word for the Q!
Any chance we'll see you here for the Said The Whale show on March 2nd?!
If its Pats vs 49ers, baseball can't come soon enough.
We have to reduce the barriers of entry to test whether new tools work for each student, says audience member.
Thinking about EdCafe on the role of the federal government.
Sessions addoctorss different issues such as Civil Rights, economics, etc.
Did and I just eat breakfast with Eric Sheninger?!
That is certainly true...
though doctorss up night on Saturday SHOULD help with that...
I would hope.
Have fun without me!
writes some really badass music...hopefuly well get to do the record next year :
will do shortly!
Need artwork fast for patches I think.
Was 2011 the year of the great paywall?
Not exactly
Looked at daycares for my little noodle.I can't imagine leaving him, but he looked like he was having so much fun.
DontYouHateWhen Motherfuckas rush u and then when u get ready they take all day.
Got my best friends birthday present!
She's going to love it!
Is it weird if 2 sets of twins dated eachother.
like bro and sis dating bro and sis?
xD
Everyone go follow ;
left for tiki disco without me.
I feel like kevin from home alone when he wakes up and everybody is in miami.
Vince Young
Thanks for believing in us!
We're glad to work on your jobs.
5 weeks and 6 days until Pretty Little Liars.
9 weeks until I graduate.
Life is cool.
I've learned that forgiveness does not change the past but it does enlarge the future.
Tupperware is fantastic
Romney and Brown make same weak HCR case.
Good if done by states but not by feds.
What happened to country first?
I'm out here!
No, it's worth turds.
The whole thing seems sloppy and his mo' is jacked.
He can win blossoms later ifwhen it does qualify
I'm great, thanks!
What's new with you?
The upside of all the fresas watching the soccer game in rags It smells phenomenal.
have fun tonight girls!
and Happy Bday again little Ashley :
Finally got the store reorganized.
Have an awesome wall of boardgames now!, and will be bringing in more soon!
well thank you for making great music!!
THIS RACE WAS SO EXCITING!
!
!
5 people in my 6th period now that the seniors are gone.
haha okay okay calm down I'm out of class now :
I confirmed that you do in fact rank 1 on Google for your first name : Great to hang out with you in San Diego!
Navy Recruiting in Chicago will pay you to become a DENTAL OFFICER for the US Navy.
See how you can make a difference
my worst nightmare !
I hear ya pimpinpour a 4 for me too kinfolk!
pLEASE FOLLOW ME!
:D
I hate those kinds of questions!
that pic is yummy
Bath  Body Bistro is open for business and ready to customize a gift bag for your Mother's day .
Come on by and let us help you pamper her.
after evening sex with someone else?
Lol
Mar 17, 1932: Churchill's ship docked at Southampton.
He was presented with welcome home gift from friends, a Daimler automobile.
so wrong.
but on par with expectations.
In afraid to lose you, but your not even mine /3
So much pain.
I freaking hate my wisdom teeth, just take them out already :
That...
Was julie
I will probably hear back from him soon.
stop what?!?
Time should be made available during the day for activities in which music is the primary focus of attention for its own value.
BJ did awesome!
I was sad that Ken Flo didn't put up more of a fight though.
Lil disappointed.
What about Amir Sadala?!
Bad..
Issues of domestic conflict are rarely so simple.
No doubt he's a bad guy, but it's important to look from multiple perspectives.
I dunno what this says about me but I was just overcome with guilt cause I remebered a customer asked for lemon for her water and I forgot..
ozarkproblems RT Honey I almost married a cousin a mine when I was 14...
life in the ozarks
Great to see so many bikes out for NationalBikemonth.
Please remember to share the road and be considerate of cyclists.
your birthday is in 1 hour and 27 minutes!!:
Thanks for the follow.I'll follow back.
Peter Yarrow to Capitol protesters: If you hang in there, you will kill the bill.
Hello Kris and how are you?
Were on the 13 website can i find the 13 best of.
This past week it was ice cream.
I can not find it
The fear of man brings a snare, but whosoever puts his trust in the Lord shall be safe.
Proverbs 29:25
Is this an endorsement for Mitt Romney
pretty cool
Guess who's back on twitter ?:
Hey do you got skype or AIM so I can shoot you an IM real quick.
Reptile house jhudczoo venomous toxic skin exists.
ok hurry up Asap
BJ vs Diaz makes most sense now right?
Assuming Dana keeps him?
'habitat' images in from Peter Kearns , Seth Butler and Chad States
Nothing but butterflies right now.
Something inside of me is changing.
This could be bad.
do some thing on this ATP run.don't just be satisfied being on tour.
F.A.I.T.H.fantastic adventures in trusting him Blieve!
Take flight...Young Mike
if u FOLLOw i'll
ifyouknowmeyouknow that A Day To Remember is my favorite band of all time.
:
If we calculated unemployment today the way it was calculated during the Great Depression, unemployment would be 17.
In 1931, it was 15.
RT: URGENT UNVERIFIED: Plain cloths police planning for staged street fights as an excuse to attack people, please stay calm and silent
Working the popcorn machine at the concession stand is hard work and people get really fiesty about it..
Sometimes I say jp even when i'm dead serious,, just because I don't wanna hurt your feelings.
2nd Wednesdays tonight 79pm!
Learn about the new James Webb Space Telescope and how astronomers are using it to look back in time!
I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you.
Follow me
10 pm on a Saturday ...
And I'm going to sleep
I am better able to imagine hell than heaven; it is my inheritance, I suppose
Making Orange Paint out of flour for tomorrows shoot...
Looks like Cheese
sometimes i wonder out loud do we really have privacy I feel like Rockwell Somebody's watching me I got no privacy whether on land or  sea.
You mean Brad Paisley!?
cuz I'm so late for filing my taxes lol  my dad sending my laptop finally SMH
God I am doctornk!
Are the NFL games today?
I guess Alice Stewart can advocate for truth in campaigns now that Bachman's no longer running
Hey buddy....i heard some grl said hey to that asian n he made that tweet his favorite tweet
When does semester end for you?
Have an idea for a pw/dir speed rehearsing thingy to share w/you.
Gingrich: I learned a lot of those principles from Ronald Reagan  Margaret Thatcher.
No, from Lee Atwater.
And Marcus is going to make sure doesn't make him cry!
So glad we're not LA right now.
Today I called Canon tech support AGAIN  went back to the Apple Store.
Apple says they're waiting for Canon to give them info for an update
Updating my database today.
I get marketing property to other brokers but I don't get marketing your services to other brokers.
No, not at all.
Heck, I still refer to Deer Creek as Deer Creek ;
um....it's been already done, last halloween.
;
are you already done?
Yikes, what an epic meltdown,never recovered from game 1.
Kudos to the Kings.
Took out Vancouver, now the Blues.
Unbelievable hockey by them
Thank you guys so much for saying this : It means alot!
It really does.
Neon Trees are amazing!!
Happy Fat Tuesday!
What are your Marti Gras plans?
Do you live in an area with a lot of tattoo parlors?
I said to myself...dont do it..but I did anyway lol i made an account haha ..follow me xXNitaXx  im way to into it!!
;
I plan on stopping by at some point this evening :
looking forward to see show thursday!
what he do?
The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday.
You're a ridiculous question.
Chef makes it look so easy!
The episode will air August 15 :
RT : needed a UML tool book 5 minutes ago.
Somebody please write UModel the Missing Manual or Head First Enterprise Architect
And that was my 15 mins of depression on to something else
You pick me up just to push me down, you like me best when i'm on the ground.
No one talks more than a lover scorned Lesson?
BE NICE TO YOUR CUSTOMERS!
rahh.
i never come on anymore...
Getting ready for a debut novels presentation with and I heart new books.
Pontius Pilate failed all of his T/F Roman Bureaucrat exams for similar reasons.
I love him, Kurt, so I kept wincing every time they got a cocky quote out of him.
Weed is the key that opens the minds eye!!
Let's smoke:
I hope you doctorp dead!
In the mouths of enemies at times sounds like Farewell!
Never fails.
Lunch is here.
And now the customers are too.
Opening night it's on!
How can they really be in danger when they're camping with Thor?
did you see the video :o
I want the concert tickets for Justin bieber in Holland !
I just got to Brouwers and will be around if you guys want to meet up.
Otherwise I might be down sunday again.
D.R.U.C.C.B Destroy rebuild until craig comes back.
Geisel Library 24/7 space during finals has been planned for months.
This is not response to today's activities.
I wanna see The Avengers again.
:
Desire a swinger discount vacation 100 per night Caliente Resorts
JUST IN..Packers go out of business  were forced to give the rights of Lambo Leap to the Hawks for the Shaw Shimme.
Not as depressed as I was before!
I think I just needed to know how he was feeling!
home again, and almost got everything picked up for later :
: Andoctorw Breitbart was the most innovative pioneer in conservative activist social media...
That's saying a little.
Headin' 2 Carswell Fitness Center wit the Folks 2 burn sum serious cals
I kind of want a Doritos taco ever since hearing talk about it.
I really hope this isn't my last tweet
Idc man.
I just really want to cuddle with Liam
..which sounds like pure, topofthetotem viciousness.
But you make a sound point: it can be hard to tell that from the outside.
And here I thought this was another fan pic of a band I don't know.
yep.
Watched a couple of the vids from the tour on youtube.
He sounds good.
Can't wait when the new material is release.
you from dc bro?
nice
Orthopedic postrapedic air pockets huh!?
haha did they sing grease lightening?
Keeping it classy guys!
That video is really hard to watch sober.
happy birthday!
Still on for a lunch date tomorrow?
ha!
nice
this is painful.
I feel sick.
where is the pic?
Good morning!
RNC Chairman Reince Priebus says he hasn't been contacted by investigators in ongoing probe involving Gov.
Scott Walker aides.
Loyola supports love!!
Having a great time at the doctorg show!
Thanks!
RT : Happy Friday  Last day of Social Media Week LA
I'm sorry what did you say?
I wasn't listening.
ThingsIHateAboutFacebook...that everyone claims that 1 doctornk picture posted on FB could make you lose your next JOB!
Had an awesome meeting with the talented producer Steve Scott Harvey!
I can't wait to start working with him!!!
Meeting at CAA tomorrow!
Snapshot from one Brooklyn Park precint: strong Republican base turning out in Senate Dist.
46, longheld by DFL  late Senator Scheid.
SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps My Understandings by
wow!
R.I.P.
Slim Dunkin
were u at ?
Transatlanticism while watching a lightening storm  perfection
Dear Postalworker: Waiting on my copy of Wolvesbayne from Netflix and getting VERY IMPATIENT!!!
I hate when ppl ask me the same question twice.
selling anything i can get my hands on
haha i thought u put a lock on it already?
Its all about the Heat Jay, sorry Lebron did Clevlend bad but you know what he brought to that team, and now its his time.
I've loved and lost...
SF Red Bull I bought in the gym tasted off.
Sure enough it was expired.
I must b doctornking 2 much 2 know that.
We have a show this Thursday night at The Grape Room in Manayunk.
105 Grape Street, Doors , 7.
whats goin on im back I just had to pay my phone bill.
That's why I couldn't come back on twitter.
:
Nice stop in the back field by the Gmen!
Breakfast at with my two fav people :
You think you know eclectic until you see PinkMartini SaoriYuki was a highlight.
Loved her Puff the Magic doctorgon
Thanks for the follow, enjoy your day!
No worries.
Congrats!
Love going to a mayoral candidate forum where it's all about jobsjobsjobs!
Derrick WoodsMorrow, one of our seniors, has won an Addy Award for his graphic design.
Congratulate him, and watch for details later.
Happy mothers day!!!
just ate and im full.
Miss u all back home!!
Happy thx giving everyone!!!
Tom is pretty awesome.
I've make a lot of mistakes in the last 11 years.
Marrying my wife was not one of them.
Love ya.
11 years and counting.
I wanna stay up all night and watch the DVD until we see the sun!
: 1DVDforme :
Umm Fenway ten out of ten times
This needs to be a lyric.

You have April..
I'm thinking you're talking about May?
Vendor at work hooked me up with Cubs tickets for tomorrow.
So that's cool.
that stuff is like cheese flavored oxygen.
PR Research
of course!!!
Anything for you my dear!!
Lol see you soon!!
I'm rolling sweets, smoking sours.
If you missed on Iron Chef America, The Food Network will reair the episode on Saturday at 5pm
TONIGHT no love?
relationship expert Rabbi Sherre Hirsch gonna fix that on my show 911pm on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
StarshipsVideo we finally see nicki in a swimsuit xD
good luck.
Hope you win big
i would think that would be expensive...but it costs more because its technically fully managed.
yep!
how could u tell?
lol I'm a freelance photographer still building up my experience  portfolio : 
You think FriendZone is bad...try being in SisterZone...:/
As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say.
I just watch what they do.
Andoctorw Carnegie
FlourAustin, thanks for following us on Twitter!
follow?
will follow back bro
For some traffic offenses, Texas can now force you to pay the initial ticket amount once a year for three years I think.
Welcome our newest members to the Milwaukee Chapter!
Alfa Bumhira,Kathy Orr, and Stephen Adams!
Join us at the next event www.nbmbaamilw.org
Dont let anyones ignorance, hate, doctorma, or negativity stop you from being the best person you can be.
Happy Hump day kids!
Splurge on lunch today!
That should get you through.
Whale...
But if its outside of water everyone loses.
I love dart wars even more now that I'm out.
Chris browns new song goes!
I got a little bit a gout runnin down the Ol' left tit.
Just jogged/powerwalked the Astoria Park track for almost 2 miles without passing out.
Awww Yeah.
I don't care what people say.
Coach Bill Self is one of the most humble coaches in the game today!
Doesn't say a negative word about anybody
Hah!
I approve of any and all quoting of Caddyshack.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
Sherlock Holmes...
Spectacular!
nice!
I think we all are :D You know how to get ahold of me, and I'll ROCK socal for you like you did NYC for me!
Polaris Group is pleased to share that we just closed the last Penthouse at 855 Croft today.
praying for not only Rep.
Giffords, but also other victims and their families.
So senseless, so sad.
just go to the site dun lol!
Good night Twitter world.
Have to be up in a few hours for the real world called work!!!!
Peace and Blessed Be!
hope u had a great concert, miss ya, luv ya, many hugs!!!
Night sweetie
Awesome.
We are all excited!
I think my crowning achievement was once getting into the top ten on the Tetris machine at Funspot.
It's Friday.
Feel free to Toot Away.
Water tastes like water
whats your handle
iieeeww!!
I concur!
Staying in a haunted hotel
Just don't catch me while I'm sober.
Progression is staring to be shown.
It's official: Saints announce Joe Vitt assumes head coach role effective April 16.
Vitt will be suspended the first 6 weeks of the season.
heyy austin i love you so much please follow me 3 : 15
RT : 2 praise 4 Trump Mickey, you're a smart guy.
Anyone who praises Trump for anything but selfpromotion is an idiot.
thanks fo the follow!
Aunt Holly is always dissin' me!
Well, I hope to see you at another event soon!
I would love to pick your mind about paid media :
Weed of the Week 651Black Nightshade
make time to be silent before God, our lives are filled with meaningless clutter, find what matters before it's to late.
Shout out to dshawn for calling me  waking me up.
on top of that he was being a bad influence .
HUGE FURNITURE SALE!!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
watching Conan O'Brien 
Also the fact that they won't have a statue of him outside.
Lafayette Square Mall  Flea Market ...dont forget that people
1.
What Inspired You To Dance?
2 .
What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up?
3 .
Celebrity Crush?
4.
Favorite Type Of Music?
11
TRACKING ANYONE ANYWHERE ANYTIME AROUND THE WORLD provides optimum protection, anywhere in the world.
http:
doctorPower Equipment Teams with Bazaarvoice to Launch Online Reviews
All in all I learned a lesson from it, I neva saw you comin but I watched to see you go.
We're agreeing on a lot lately.
Kind of scary.
me too
THANK YOU!
and yeah it's all icarly's fault.
:P and the only reason my blog is good is because i reblog EVERYTHING on my dash
parked in the murdough resident lot for 13 hours and still didnt get a ticket.
Don't you worry your pretty little mind.
People throw rocks at things that shine and life makes love look hard.
hope you told him he's a pos
Just read an article that says kids should go to school 12 months a year!
If they don't learn it 9 months they won't learn it in 12.
I'd almost never question John Saunders journalism skills...
But what the hell is he talkin about ?
I hear Neptune is nice this time of year.
We're playing in Madison's own downtown Improv Theatre this week!
Does that count?
Because it should.
o lol.
why i though you did.
why dont you.
greetings!
I'm a former Beeston resident.
Enjoyed it!
My matted landscape photographs and greeting cards can now be found at the It's Bazaar shop on 21st St in Purcellville.
www.bazaaron21st.com
Glad that the girls who wrote the Dan Kanter song are from Boston.
Haha.
BostonRep UMad?
thank you!
:D
I hate being at school its so boring
My mom always asks me what's wrong like I'm overly depressed.
Guardian: 'All indications are the protests are on for tomorrow' RT
well done
This is bad only compared to expectations.
hes still alive?
He still has money to buy coffee?
What do you prefer?
Digital or Film?
Twitter just suggested I should follow Walmart.
I guess we were wrong about distractions getting to the Lakers
Quote of the day, Give and you shall recieve Luke 6:38 and coffee this morning at
I'm in Nashville.
Checkin time is 7am 8 eastern.
um HELL NO
Let the world come to you, dont force it and things will turn out just fine!
Happy Birthday No one knows how to party like you.
Hope you have a great day :
Can you add a link to your blog for users to get email updates when you post a new entry?
Maybe I'll finally start one, too...
J and B have the same birthday??
Cool cake
Glad to close for tonight!
it's gonna be out of control
There should be a law that makes you name your child Mary Jane if it's born on 4/20.
Off I go, TO NARNIA.
My TL really ain't hitting on shit right now...
Am I Ready?
lol no!
I've had a really bad headache for 3 days straight!
:
ppl think tht friday the 13th is scary.
well you dont have a 21 yr old brother who belly dances with no shirt ti shakira
..THIS IS IT..this type of mnfctrng is what needed by the middle/avrage Amistercan workers.
RETAIL MNFCTRNG garmnts,frniture,hshold
DVR is set!
Will it be available anywhere online afterwards?
Happy Monday!!
:
I'm Sorry is a 2 word contract that says, You will forgive me if I never do it again!
Use this phrase only when you mean it!
Im going to be a lesbian by default.
Don't forget the deadline to turn in all  for MDS WalkAThon is Fri.
10/14 6PM.
Hanging out with at mocha in Oakland

Justin Bieber
YAY!
why are we yaying again I forgot
Happy St Patrick Day
How are you otherwise?
Car Dealers.
We've built an incredible Google program that is producing serious results!
It can also be mirrored on Yahoo/Bing as well.
Instead of thinking of what u are missing, try thinking of what u have that everyone else is missing.
So close to 600 followers :D
Check out my super funny friend with super big teeth, and a super big personality he's amazing and on David letterman tonight
just bought your 30 day method book  I'm almost done reading  planning my routine!
Hope it works.
now did you tweet that first or tap 'em on the should first?
lol
RT Marketing company in Miami is hiring for a sales position with Fortune 500 client.
bit.ly/qj12o3 PLEASE RT!
i feel the same way it's boring
Third row seats for the osu game!
NHLI is happy to be part of
Juan Pierre was safe, thanks Hunter Wendelstedt.
Say more about phone interview.
Love to talk crop circles!
what you mean?
If Christians come from Jews, why are there still Jews?
I bet I know where to find you ...
eBay!
Totally bummed people didn't play fair in Mke/Brown Deer.
This was a cool promo.
I know I can, doctorp a down payment on that porsche Cayene
Unless there is a carwoman.
But I have played the game....
it seems impossible that someone would willingly spend that much.
Stranger S has happened but, wow.
fox football guys live now www.foxsportsradio.com
how's he awkward about it?
I know he lacks social skills but....
We just beat u in Texas?
RT : ItSeemsLike the SPURS are unbeatable !
don't forget my question, and answer!
Good night dear, And Merry Christmas to you and your family In Daegu,
endoftheworldconfessions I'm so sick of this built up anticipation about the world ending, I think if nothing happens I'll be kinda pissed.
2 more episodes to catch up on...
hopefully I can do that later!
Today's press release has to appeal to a broader audience: consumers and endusers.
Think multimedia.
how to get invited to The Table?
Earn your seat.
Be invaluable and charasmatic.
Be confident, offer context, be relevant.
Get out of bed, ya lame girl!
o you don't say whom?
haha!
Thanks Terry, you always make my day!
mine too...
LOL WHO ARE YOU?
So true, hopefully its a miss..
:
Haha I've seen this but thank you!
So funny!
i wish they sell the cd in the usa I most likey get it on amzon.
Reactions to '09 Pelter Trio: earthy in a Pinot Noir way, smooth, cassis, nice acid, Mediterranean Bordeaux
RT U Love ur Brazilian FANS
for creating and then uploading to Itunes.
Was using podomatic??
Any other suggestions?
TIA :
I really am enjoying tweets today.
Keeping me very well informed.
Hope to see you out tonight mike!??
Today's BTU inspiration: The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself.
Anais Nin
Happy Holidays!
Wishing you the best!
I don't wanna like anyone right now
Thanks for the add Declan!
This is why you need to sign up for Notes From The Universe: I have a favor to ask, Boone.
Could you please wait until after...
koolio give me a call on da cell
Thx for the clarification and forgive my confusion.
Stay cool, man.
I WANT A BOYFRIEND
SciBarSpace warming up...
Unfortunetly even though you would love to ur club said i couldnt.
So i am sorry but i do not want to get u in trouble.
Thank you Frank RT : Popsicles were invented by an 11 year old boy named Frank Epperson in the year 1905.
you get in at 7.30 right?
Oh my god no way is zeus teaming up with fucking hades hahahahahaha
they're closed until two..
RT : Sometimes...
you realize you will always be a student, that you will never know enough...
Henry Rollins, Occupants
Affiliate Marketers iHaveAnidea!
Let me sell you a Niche /or a Name  Get noticed on WWW, Twitter, FB, AnyWhereYouWant2Be!
21012
just felt it in upstate ny
doctor rules.
The bane of my existence.
Imma go Coneing Like
About to watch President Obama's stateoftheunion addoctorss I am excited for what is to come!
that's not what I intended.
Lol.
:
I don't think we're doing one..
unless someone else is planning one.
It'd be fun though.
x
There is no way under any circumstances that I will ever wear mom jeans ...idgaf if im 50, that shits not attractive in the slightest
Beep Beep RT : With handpainted signs!
No, Grey's Anatomy.
You are not allowed to make me feel this way...
I just can't.
;;
Don't Start A Conversation If You Can't Keep One Going.
Makes Me Mad When People Text back Yep , Yup, Ok  ect
Love your professorle picture!
They say retweetin Poised Creation is might give you a higher IQ!!!
Content first, SEO 2nd.
LOVE that.
SEO in socialmedia So far, so good w/
The only Wildcat in a house full of Cards.
ya mamas chest hair need sleep XD
Tonight with at Earth 18!
Same party new venue!
Tweet to get in free!
the best friends I have irreplaceable!
,
you're such a good bestie :
Book your limo for homecoming soon.
the oscars are on and everyone there can save with save20 .
we're just sayin.
nah vanilla added one last lil beat at the end sameshit haha
It's everybody's secret superhighway underneath the Loop: Lower Wacker doctorI'll be previewing some changes to the project, stand by for deets
: Buy the henny or not buy the henny that is today's dilemma is that even really a dilemma for you lol
I want people's options on if citizens want to be able to vote for politicians  laws from their networked devices
The thing about Lion is that I miss Snow Leopard's ability to pin an app to a desktop.
Always.
Even after shutdown.
lawls!!
i dig it!
Oh tequila I love you
just left one of the best all around stores in NyC.
Dear Mets Nation: Please calm down.
The universe always has a way of correcting itself.
Staying after school for another band practice...
Fun.
we both should be!
Sweet, I already have coupon code sites listing platformsbaby for the Electrik Emily Store.
That's so crazy...
Save time and avoid the line SUEDE Lounge in Old Town Scottsdale.
Mention AZ PARTYLIFE at the door for NO COVER.
Its gonna be FIRE tonight..
Saying gay marriage should be legal and actually legalizing gay marriage are two different things.
Wake up.
RT if you are a member of the CeNation Family
prefer Paul's Boutique.
I remember the surprising artistic difference compared to License to ill
thank you for stopping by.
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for IP Docket Specialist for a large global law firm with offices in Denver, CO.
This is a longter
It's so awfulRT : Really Geraldo...
Really?
You too?
Something hit me on Friday/Saturday that was very unfun.
Spring Break and I'm feelin' good!
HAPPYST Top o' the mornin to ya!
I have checked you out !
I forgot to share with everyone that I won the dumbest 100 bet on the planet with
I just passed u.
; have a good day at work.
Love u roomie
Stephanie, YOU are excellent!
Big love from all your fans at PHAME
Follow me on thank you I love you
text me now!!!!
Note to Santorum: Politics 101 lesson.
Never tell voters to scrap their native language for a vote.
Happy Bday for her too.
Tks!
:
I agree , either Skip is blind or paid to hate on Miami will be dangerous for years.
Look for me at the 5k tomorrow.
I'll be the girl in the blue tutu.
what kind of games have you introduced into schools?
How can we have a museumschool partnership game?
Thoughts?
Live talk show www.blogtalkradio.com Sunday nights 8pm9pm.
March 6 topic NoKill vs Kill Rescue Shelters.
Call in to ask ?
6394612
Great trip to Portland today.
Earned a new digital marketing retainer.
What hesitations or objections do these restaurants have with being included in the app?
Possibly because of their choice to create the news???
Duh!
is becoming one of the biggest mma fans.
Mave to hit up the next jiu jitsu class
Yes indeed
That's Why i NEVER Give second Chances Dawg ...
doctornking very strong coffee out of my mug.
starting a PhD in Technology and Social Behavior there in the fall!
We are officially home owners in Portland!
Done and done.
RT : Keep the LIDSlove coming!
Looking for young money
Calif's Prop 23 initiative defeated by voters  state's greenhouse gas efforts will continue.
Critical vote for global warming worriers.
Sucked out on in 2 huge pots should be over 300k at 150 or so
Need you like the sun, your the one 3
Going to be putting some new music out soon.
Fluoride in Water Can Pose Health Risks, Says People39;s Chemist Shane Ellison
I'm actually kinda jealous of it.
I'm board and am trying hard not to let our weather get the best of me.
tell him it's someone you send when a foo wants to fight
We got any of you awake right now?
We're feeling a little down as a band and need some motivation!
RT : Today at 6 PM, readings from Beauty is a Verb: The New Poetry of Disability at the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor.
Finally in my lovely bed.
When you say your gonna do something do it.
Blue Jays fan that says don't give up!
Alright, maybe our pitching prospects are better.
Sorry.
GoodNight to you all and to TheLoveofMyLife
Without His love I can do nothing, with His love there is nothing I cannot do.
Cheese toastie and a cuppa tea.
My life  yours.
They really needed to :
HSHEAR shout out FTW!
lol....i may that do often more
OK, we're copycats at HQ: hey comm colleges and CBOs, are you tweeting your need for volunteers?
Miami Dade Single Stop is!
Don't forget to pray tonight because God didn't forget to wake you up this morning.
Has anyone ever approached you about using SHH as an piece in a uni class on education?
There's so much to learn re Jonah
looks outstanding!
Thank you NSU for the First time.
It was exciting to see my school in march madness!!
Behold the Green  Gold!!
Thingsinmylifethatarepriceless TRS shirts, guitar picks, doctorm head, doctorwings bracelet you can tell i love you.haha
Dinner!
You know what to do!
It was good meeting, hanging out with AAJA prez , NAHJ prez and NAHJ exec director Anna LopezBuck at
Thank you for the FF love
challenged by institutional friction at usnatarchives; old guard resists change; old methods die hard and so too their adherents
I love
great, now I won't be able to to jog past them without getting all redfaced and embarrassed.
Sometimes knowing is bad.
ASU Baseball now with at least 30 wins for the 50th straight season.
Love makes your life beautiful 
haha I saw him, I was like woow goes great with your skin color.
has anyone written/read anything indepth about Adobe Muse?
looking to learn a bit more.
links?.
good for u jaden hope u get betterkk you going on chat today jaden or no to sick
i guess you should have listened to them
happy travels girl!
thanks for having such a blast with me!
and I will get summa dat iceland some day ;
I Love You DUH
so.
tired.
Thank you for your 2012 Spirit of Volunteerism Awards sponsorship  you helped make this celebration special!!
I just read this again.
Why not just use pp in pdb?
Did he make it rain?
RT : There we go and a nice touchdown dance
: Geraldine Ferraro....remembered as a trailblazer who broke down barriers.
As distinct from a trailblazer who did not???
RT : Yeah.
Make it nasty.
Top 10 rejected Playtex sport tampon soccer sayings: No hands in the box
twitter time with with
Sorry man,had plans to go to OC and C a metal covr band, wasn't excited, but a chance 2 C old friends.
Then the punk show appeared.
Happy to say thank you!
You know llama has two l's
Not feeling too good.
I had a pretty rough day.
Maybe some sleep will help.
...and good hustle by Berkman
Get your customer experience right before you start spending money on marketing ebiznow Philly event
lol nevermind.....
Didn't know she was on her way to htown.....
I'll come tomorrow
Lindsay Lohan must be a slow learner.
She keeps on repeating the same stupid stuff.
If The Phone Doesn't Ring, It's Me.
Song title by Jimmy Buffet
OMGGirlz on back on the countdown number6 Gucci This Love
Oh my god, I am so on fire today, I can't even begin to tell you.
avi is cooler than cool.
It's cold ;
where are you going?
I just want more knowledge.
It's intriguing....
Thanks for attending.
I don't have sites to recommend, but I bet you'd find plenty if you searched writing fiction characters.
Forwarding an email from 2010 on banner doctorps from the dope cause he's so awesome
Why half whole grains?
I think it's a longtime concession to big ag, not a health recommendation
HAHAHAHA!
I just died when I read that!
xD That was hilarious!
why are there so many fishing related twitterers following me?
I think fishing is a perfectly good way to waste a boat ride.
I just made this account two days ago,  it would make my DAY if u followed me : I Love You Austin 3
We've waited along time, let's raise our 25's up!
whooaaa!
where's that from?
it looks good!
Madison teachers Kati Walsh, Karen Vieth and MANY others say I trust Flores to make decisions for my students, NOT Burke.
dear : i've been waiting patiently for a new album.
if you make one i promise not to d/l it from : thanks.
love u too ;
bat signal  let's tap in!
Very Refreshing If we can combine all of the positive words w/ healthy images, maybe we'll see progress
REALLY??????
WAS HE CUTEE?
btw did she change her name to frisking miller in the end??
she better not have.....
My heart is beating so fast..
Yes, pocky can be lunch :
doctorw something  khuttington
thats too poo wish the best for her
Good pt!
: How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours.
thank you for considering us : hope to see you in again soon :
have you tried a boot camp?
My wife and I do one here in TX and love it!
Great addition to your regular workout!
NLCATLANTA While your young people will want to help you.
once you hit 40...you should have it all figured out.
That sounds as unappetizing as it gets.
RT : Spaghetti tacos?
This radio commercial just crossed the line oO
FF I start shooting with them on Monday in Memphis!
media guru of CIFF, is headed to Bhutan in May.
I was poli sci before I switched to theatre...do you feel like there are a lot of directing undergrads studying it for grad?
Lebron doesn't even have the guts to take the big shot!
The TTOT hashtag is also usable during the week for your travelrelated tweets/questions.
From earlier, re: parenting.
A little disjointed :
their is only 1 king.
Michael Jackson is the ONLY KING and hes ALWAYS will be.
WE LOVE YOU MICHAEL
please follow !
its JADEN SMITHS FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY !
GO FOLLOW  ENCOURAGE YOUR FOLLOWERS TO DO THE SAME!
XOX
If you are really effective at what you do, 95 of the things said about you will be negative.
thx.
That means a lot.
:
The new website will be completed by June 1, 2012...
: S CLUB 7 will reunite for a series of gigs and are in talks to sign a twoalbum deal.
What's up D!
or freaking awesome...
Pizza Hut is buzzing:  RT Pizza hut salad bar would go down a treat right now
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me
I played David Carradines social worker on a Ep of Family Law I told him I grew up on his show He said I looked too young 4 that
Most of the time the voices in my head are telling me to tell you to shut the hell up!
Weiss We r trying 2 change from compliance doctorven org 2 an org that holds grantees accountable  helps them succeed
: ugh exam 3 in human systems this morning....
not gonna end well...
Wish me luck !
almostdone hatinglifeLuck
Definitely not as easy as before
Yes, you saw through me.
Statement on not pushing novel cuz it's not for all  me pushing my novel to those who are not all
that's nice and i have seen you'r latest photoshoot wow you are sexy.
Dont change so people will like you.
Be yourself and the right people will love the real you.
so i t was the glasses or my head?
Mornin everyone this is,the first time im up early
sure you can.
what do you want to do?
email me tomorrow
Now when I call she tryina be my damn friend talm bout sum aw gee this yo number
Thanks!
I'm excited to try your food for the first time tomorrow.
Me To I Laughed To Hard .
But It's So True !!

so so excited to see you on The Celebrity Apprentice.
...See more crazy shirts like this one at www.insanityshirts.com
Unfortunately, unless knocks out , he has no chance.
Judges won't hand Money first loss on the cards.
Partying in Florida!
What a great place and some partying people.
Lord help us, we love it here!
lol...u crazy!!
Yall some good ass detectives doe...but sometimes a nigga be tellin the truth and he still get interrogated
Super excited to see  in Evita tomorrow!
thanks Leah!
And Happy Monday!
Thank you.
Yes I do my own artwork.
Do you sell via Smashwords to Barnes  Noble?
If so, is it successful?
well come see me you'll have fun then
Um fuck it waffle extravengenza this morning let's do this
Will district 17 continue with the same ole same ole or will they rise above the norm
Yes!
I'm so jealous.
I know I love how they were paired together.
I am so attached already.
I do this
okay, i got some of em pulled up
it offended me 2 iotas less than your poor Whitney Houston coverage.
U made inexcusable mistakes summarizing her career
Amazing dinner at Felice, my neighborhood jewel.
The bartenders are geniuses and I am doctornk from my Manhattan.
Good times.
slow motion for everybody
Just watch the cartoons man, please no more sequels/remakes/movie versions of shitty toys.
I wish she was my bff : lol
It is easier to build strong childoctorn than to repair broken men
Agree!
RT : It is also acceptable to refer to that area as God's Country.
Congrats.
thank god today is early release
99 of guys are hot.
the other 1 go to my school.
Bloagception: when you doctoram about getting a bloagie while eating a hoagie while getting a blowjob.
LMAO
hahaha of course you are!
although rumor has it that according to willy a mini Brendan Herr is joining the team.
which parts of info theory?
never thought of info theory as singular but maybe that is because of my illiteracies.
great meeting last night.
Tapp is such the master photoshop guru.
You can see his passion in his work.
Why does so many people got Swagg as there damn name??
Most if em aint gotta swag orno type of husstle WTF I hate that word SWAGplayed out
andoctorid has temple run now
I love the delta!
Babe's and Ranger baseball...
What a fantastic combination!
I need to get back on the social media bandwagon...
Lil Brian and I enjoying our Saturday morning watching cartoons
Do we get a Teaser for
I want wasabi on everything.
Just saw EddieMurphy's ThousandWords and I loved it.
What a funny, powerful movie.
Snowstorm in April?
Weird.
thank you!!!
Great Easter Photos
in your doctorams maybe lol
life is a bitch and yu know nothing about it ; soon baby
Good morning/afternoon BEARSNation!
Have a great a productive week
or westbound...
BWHAHAHAHAHA ; 
you were so awesome on So Random!
I cant stop watching your performance.
143 Follow me Please
Thinking about a specific person in life...
I LOVE U!!
3
We Will Never Be The Same!
: Michael Gray's The Weekend and Madison Ave.'s Don't Call Me Baby YAS!!
whut up follow back
Did you know?
Our wax contains no alcohol and is made from 100 natural beeswax and the finest polymers
sometimes i wanna go back and live in france but nah .
miami is better:D
Thanks for the follows , , Marilyn , ,  publishing.
You're smarter than me.
Dear Santa, I need a f'n refill!!
RT : Collinsworth is full of it.
That's not Herzy's space that deep.
It's still early, but feeling good about this!
They seem focused and determined for the home crowd!
hi, I dunno where/why that RT came from, but I've never used the MM myself.
Sorry!
One direction has seriously taken over my whole entire room
2 really great bloggers have signed up to read the opening of WAIL!
Morning is off to an exciting start.
Im all over that ice cream beat like sprinkles ;
Taking my talents to university of central Florida next year with
Pizza, Pizza, Pizza, Pizza!!!!!
You're hilarious, lol.
RT : The heat makes me SHIT  a lot that's why I eat at night when it's cool in the summer time
They're amazing dancers, but I didn't expect like, those songs being played one after another lol
So good to meet you at AERA2012!
Looking forward to following your tweets.
Let's stay in touch.
Why are you at five guys eating mcdonald's?
My favorite team name we made this year was 1 Less Monkee Jumping on the Bed after Davie Jones died.
cc:
all in good time my friend.
all in good time.
pressing sangiovesse and nebbiolo today...puts me in the mood for pizza
Aw shit is this the sex scene.
lol watch my mom walk in.
I love giving advice and all but I kinda have my own problems too..
For example, no SwedenCzech Republic at all here in the States.
Again, thanks
Yes.
Blah actor.
He doesn't DO much in the book.
But readers get his awesomeness.
Creepy for a 39yrold woman to say!
: 
no my older brother Trent did.

how could I not follow this?
that's a big Twinkie.
You guys should put a deep fried Twinkie on the menu called The Big Twinkie
I wish seamless had rewards...
No what lol?
woo!
Have fun!
HM...
depressed :/
Amazing night with friends and family and STRYKE percussion ensemble :
Great game but why is a game 7 still on after midnight central???
Are we going back to tape delay playoff games aka DVR???
Bored af out here..
Need sum fresh air tho
insert joke about testing for expected behaviour here.
key for academics to write for the public.
With a public in mind.
Will you please talk to me im a huge fan i love you please reply :D:D:D:D:D follow me to please
packing for my moving..
can't believe I have accumulated so much stuffs living here 3 years..
At the mall with my babe 3:
I sound professorssional according to oomf lol
I can never find the perfect phone case
almost crying at the bus stop and no one even said anything.
yeah, today's gonna be hard.
True broncos' fans rejoice!
Peyton to sign and tebow to be traded!
The road to success is always under construction.
RT
aw.
so wish with all my heart that i could go!
And this is where it all started...
Yes people I am GRINDIN HARD PUSHIN IT TO THE LIMIT OH IT'S GOING DOWN BECAUSE I'M FALLING UP!!!!!!!
Musical Murderers Tonight 10pm
Small city big doctorams 
hello!
does your gallery have live bands ever?
I do too!
Their the worst!
:
Disrespect isn't cool, but respect is.
Therefore I have something that needs to be worked on.
You've got me curious.
RT: Good story when u get to ride your bike around the lake.
But best part is the guy I rode with.
Im so stressed out...
what tf do i wear tmw!
Support the Women's Soccer team tonight as they take on Wisconsin in the first round of the NCAA tournament.
5:00pm at Valley Field
Hey everyone just came back from the Cmas break.
I never take my computer or phone when family is first.
So I am back.
doctorke  Josh and Twitter are keeping me from my homework so much right now.
Twitter is blowing up with this Obama announcement!
Federal vs.
States.
Micromanagement from D.C.
is the issue of the day.
Wings!
YUMMY!!!
closed minded RT : I read a tweet that says u hv leftist leanings?...I appreciate ur service but no desire to follow left?
Laughing because he's obnoxiously high, gotttaaaa love people!
Pretty sure my wife just outcooked everyone in the South tonight
Coach specifically mentioned recruiting abroad.
At the Winter Meet  Greet  BRIX in Dec.
he said Spring games safe for now!
FW: God Has Seen You!!
God has seen YOU struggling with some thing.
God says its over.
A blessing is coming your way.
If you believe in ...
where u from
HA.
No.: tried nutritional yeast for the first time.
I don't care what you dirty hippies think, it does NOT taste like cheese.
Haircut, bank, dinner with Ally's family, then Longstreet with friends !
Gonna be a good night.
in lieu of nickel, we use silver for its superior conductive properties.
Final vote now taking place.
48 hours to our convention!
In the meantime....
March Madness!
: I thnk I've jst had the best show of my life.
U people were fucking outstanding.
I'm blown away.
congrats...
Cnt wait 2 hear it!
Your left ear is more responsive to words of love and emotion whispered into it than the right
sweet!haha no one i live by has my name but a lot of people on Twitter do!
p
Always think positive guys..
Falls DownStairs Man I got down those stairs quick.
Workouts are like brushing my teeth; I dont think about them, I just do them.
The decision has already been made.
I'm having to rebuild my nagiosxi server, and it's all my fault, not a good day at all.
There are backup generators, lights in hallways on  1 elevator/bldg working.
Need food  they're serving light snacks  doctornks
New show announcement coming next weekend!
come to the back!
I have candy!
Thanks for the ff.
Hope you're having another GREAT friday this week.
I know it's weird, but I seriously love April showers!!
a mile?
that's like 50 feet in Janice miles // haha.
Normally, yes.
I am so overwhelmed/ tired/ in need of a vacay!!
Want to join us at Prost?
absolutely!
The IDELT will take up most of your time during the week but you'll have time on the weekends.
Good i hate faires anyway !
5 tickets left for tonight!
what are the best protein sources in a raw veg diet?
I hear ya.
The day is a total haze if done correctly :
its an amphetamine type doctorg.
also a evergreen style plant.
: I love books, but the truth is that architecture inspired me to become an architecture critic.
And love of writing.
Gold coast 17U looking strong
Homemade pea soup for lunch!
Yummmo!
About to be in the city of Weed California
Only 10 of people moving to AZ are over 65.
Most are between 2029.
As heard at AAED lunch w ASU professor
I stay up too late
Hunt: kept a journal in my four years there.
When I read it later, material didn't fit together...
yea!
heading to the Neighborhood opening with some real, live Northsiders!
Swag.
RT : Just got to La Costa CA looking forward to new territory: defending a title :
Getting ready to upgrade from FCP 6 to FCP 7...
Scary!
My theory has always been if it ain't broken, don't fix it.
But here goes!
Without a sense of Urgency,Desire loses its ValueJim Rohn...Wednesday is the Third day of the Rest of your Life, Live Your Purpose Now !
doesn't quite have the same punch to it...that is for sure!
So FKING PISSED OFF
Dear design/fashion bloggers: please, please, PLEASE source your images!
I hate finding a lovely pic, and the only source is your Picasa.
The well is what Tomorrow not school
Oh I'll chk that out??
I'll go to my acct on Amazon!
Had a great time tonight with my babygirl!
T3  more layers really needed on top of existing rules?
inconceivable to me that mistakes are more likely with newer health IT
What a well accomplished day!
okay yea people are right u are turning into a jerk
I'm a HUGE fan of tattoos, so glad we connected, you need to hook me up:
Free Dessert per table with purchase of entree when you check into Oz Korean BBQ on your Yelp, Foursquare, or Facebook phone apps!
Be who you are and say what you feel.
Those who mind don't matter  those who matter don't mind.
Paris Hilton / Hayavi Moradi , 05032012
listening to music you?
that's amazing!
Love it.
: Now that Prince Fielder is gone, Nyjer Morgan has become my most hated Brewer.
Cubs ha I just bought a NM jersey.
AH!
I missed yyoouu !
: Homework all night so I can get wastey tomorrow at the show without guilt.m
Spent the day interviewing mall Santas and did not eat one candy cane.
Surely that qualifies me for major Nice points.
I'm heading to the holiday inn party aka my room.
Monday morning begins with work in DC, Denver, Atlanta, and Santa Cruz.
Don't waste time with people who see you as you were instead of as you are.
If they can't let go of the past, let go of them.
390 is quite scary.
Avoid it if you can.
Just saw best use of a master chief spartan full kit....6 man doctornking game..
UNC journalism school doctorps spelling part of test
'm so glad I'm not alone.
I dislike that about myself and I want my kid to be better!
How do you deal with that?
Or do you?
You can use twitpic .
com too!
Everytime I go on 's page, it says  is not following  Still...
Maybe someday that will change.
:'
It also isn't available for Andoctorid.
And I do have the latest and greatest there.
: Pout.
1 MONTH UNTIL RACE DAY!
Time is running out.
Register TODAY  receive 5 off w/ Referral Code ONEMonth.
Please share w/ your friends!
Woo!
My new MacBook Pro is in Memphis!
That means it will be at my doorstep tomorrow morning.
hope you get better soon!
don't hate they'll be back next year with DWill
So I'm just going to cry, and do my science lab.
I get so nervous when Im singin or actin in front of people But I love it I just gotta get used to it then I'm gonna do auditions
COMMENT if you made a few memories this weekend...LIKE if you could never tell what happened to your parents.
I wish someone would go to DQ with me..
How to Demonstrate the Value of Social Media to Your Boss
Who else hate when your in the public bathroom and someone comes to the urinal next to u
I need a haircut!!!
happy weekend!

can you send it to me to my email so I can just froward it
Goodnight my fellow freaks, geeks, wannabes, and HOOLIES.
Not that you guys are freaks or anything...
Erm....
I WUV YOUU!!
:'3
I gotta piss like a Russian race horse
I suck at remembering names however I never forget a beautiful face.
Ain't no boy out here faithful I dont care what nobody say
got it
It's not too late to come to the HWI.
Check it out www.heartlandworshipinstitute.com
Thanks for the RT !
Missing him:
Thank you, it did help.
I submitted my question.
Thanks again.
my shoes aren't hooking right now, I think I need bigger soles.
Justice is the constant and perpetual will to allot to every man his due.
Domitus Ulpian
The Rolling Stones39; Brian Jones slept with 39;64 girls in 19 days39;
Gratitude for family, clean water, hot showers and freedom to pursue happiness
Excited to play at the World Famous Whisky A Go Go in L.A.
on May 11th!
Says the man with a heart of stone.
Happy Mothers day :  goodmorning
LOL fun : OMG I think my sister is hunger games crazy , while I'm 1D committed :
We dined on Ostrich burgers at after practice!
Surprisingly good!
We love em as well as abusing exclamation marks!
Sounds good.
OH MY GOSH!
That has got to be the cutest puppy ever.
What breed?
A spaniel?
being a newb
I hate him!
I tend to get a lil jealous at times..
Japanese Translations in DUB by pon all online stores, Seen?
I think I want to dye some Easter eggs ...I miss my family and friends
It is 82 degrees
I have a love hate relationship with Jon.
Lmfao 
Thx.
Doesn't seem to actually say much of substance, though.
Just saw Breaking Dawn :
It's amazing how has changed the way we watch national speeches
imagine you are at this party and you are dancing when Harry comes from behind u and pulls u closer to his body and you have a dirty dance
we have our groundbreaking on may 14...generally it is about 1214 months to build from the ground up so spring/summer '13
We've got free tickets to our show with Concrete Grip at the A Club on Saturday October 8th.
Come and get 'em!
shout out for
It's ok!
I am a survivor!
....just like beyonce and those other two girls that no one can remember
RT Do you see a Mayweather / Pacquiao fight in the distance?
Last day of Art City Austin!
Cool artists,live music  delicious foods!
doctorp in  say hello on your way in/out of festival.
Love to see ya!
quotes The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment.
Well, once it's determined, make sure you buy a ticket this year!
;
lol spending time with my niece, and no worries, just got back from a very long walk.
I know the mission.
eye always on the prize
God is flexing His muscle here in Arlington.
Anyone do photography?
needs new photos :
Jealous of your lunch!!!
excited to see you both there!
Data management!
Best friend 2 coffees?
damn!
Creative indeed ;
TwSIG 60 ideas for using Twitter in the classroom has all sorts of uses for different levels of education.
Somebody told me they didn't like instagram because it's not fun !
Wtf supposed to be fun about it ?
Welcome, Mario Williams, to the Great football town  best fans in NFL, no contest  just ask 
Soccer Final Tomorrow !!
Ready To Kick Some But
happy 2012 to you!
Thanks for having me on your show earlier this month.
How's your business going?
You are only coming through in waves
I don't care.
What do you wanna do?
Wondering whether the shaft of my husband's one wood is too stiff.
Good thing can't make anything dirty of this.
I will prepare and some day my chance will come.
Are you a high school student interested in journalism?!
Join us at TeenLifeLIVE NYC and check out our sponsor to learn more!
I can't find mine
sanchez Super comfortable and relatable.
Don't like first slide.
wooop!
where is said garden going to be?
There are over 10,000 varieties of wine grapes in the world.
Retweet which style of wine you are partial to?
NEA Itching for a Cure 5K Walk to take place on April 28
That is awesome!
So proud of you!
lol i love u most xD 
I do use Pandora, but I was bored of my stations.
I'll give the early jazz a go this morning.
Thanks!
Dynamo sing Costly!
All he knows is highways and brokenhearts
Happy thanksgiving everyone :D
Thanks for the great photos of us 88 Veterans on your Tweet  Facebook who took the campaign training last week!
Work soo damn dead omg im losin my mind
Who wants to comeover?
:
Thanks for the follows , , ,  Bob
Have you ever had the Police called on you?
If so  why?
Guess its bout that time!
:
Playing poker.
Yay this isnt going to go well
My 21st bday is dec 3 it would be awesome for u to give me a shoutout i would flip..
How long you there?
Just heard CEO  VP NA of Exlibris talk about the future of the company and its product.
On another note, why must the ATL airport ALWAYS have massive delays?
That's what I get for pulling an OJ Simpson through the airport :
Great!
Thank you again for joining us!
hey don't shush me!!!
Meanie!!!
RT : Win tickets to 2011 Toronto!
If we reach 500 followers by Feb 4th all followers could win pair of 2Day GA TIX!
Exhausted all my online votes.
What's the limit on phone votes?
when someone can change your mood just by smiling, keep them around :
I will for sure : But first I need to meet him though!
happy birthday!!!
I'll sing when I see you !!!
;
Thanks!!
I'm excited!
I'm with the MONEY TEAM ToNIAught!
New students.
Free sunrise yoga tomorrow at 6:15am with All levels welcome.
Mark Twain was born today in 1835.
On education: It is noble to teach oneself, but still nobler to teach othersand less trouble.
Don't wanna be here right now...don't wanna be anywhere right now...
nun working u ?
he's great, taking care of my sick butt like a good boy lol
I agree!
looking forward to my commute home.
pfffft....
u following me makes me cry
Stupid question coming at you via PM headdesk I have the memory of a sieve.
now that says it all, Sarah:
RT For A Safer Way to Secure Funding.
Checkout this site...
Bit.ly/fundingprogram via
I need help I need followers please help me I follow back :
Congrats for the nice qualifying to 15th  16th for tomorrow.
Welcome to the ATX.
Hope San Antonio and Houston treated you well.
You guys still around?
and I are thinking of meeting up around 1:30/2 today for a bite to eat
doin all this school work this week is changin my outlook on life.
Finally somethin to work for
Why should I listen to you, anyway?
You're a virgin who can't doctorve
asdkilfjlsejfknsal...
Woah!
Is it hot in here...
or is it just ?
; hahah!
P.S.
Don't tell him I said that!
; lol!
:P
The is open for business.
Water service has been restored to the RMC.
note to self: do not remotely reboot all the set top boxes in the house while 5 year old is watching dino dan
having to take care of your younger sisters at their worst  perfect form of birth control.
there she is...
the best thing about the temps doctorpping is snuggling up with our furry friends
Oh, you're good.
I start to miss my bed around 10pm.
tnks for saying
You seriously Light Up my Life Lonny!
do u have a facebook
That looks like Wild Adventures in Valdosta Georgia :
i think that is for you to decide.
: I think Telescope Eyes is pretty romantic.
I also play an acoustic version of it
I'm holding you to this.
You better personally deliver the good news of tour dates via twitter too.
Can't wait to see you!
Great workshop today.
Inspired by the talent and commitment!
A great Sunday in the theater...
We would like to wish our marketing coordinator a HappyBirthday!
I hate fearmongering!
But we moms r so susceptible!
Do you know ?
Great posts w real science!
Friday Night Lights is a great movie!
: What photographers are your favorite to follow on twitter?
followphotog is an OG.
Follow him
Danny Green has 9 points in the third quarter, 11 for the game.
The Spurs lead the Jazz 7063 with 2:40 left in the quarter.
I heard if you keep trying it works, and you should try buying one at a time!
Just booked a flight to Denver this month!
Only God can stay the waves of anarchy  disunion  make the passions of men subservient to His will.
well, it wouldn't be private in the true sense.
other members will be there.
but i could do a private someday on f4f i guess
Worried about Friends in Nashville..
Praying for u guys!!
stay safe...
Looks mean too much to people nowadays .
I'd say that is a totally awesome emcee for the SoMe awards!
americanhorrorstory is the most disturbing show I have ever seen....
And I love it.
: what nahh kiddo that's not me oh course it isn't
Watching the boondocks
hey thanks, sounds cool.
Love Shaun of the Dead and Zombieland!
New DNA testing may free convicted Colorado killer
np next 2 you chris brown ft.
justin bieber :
In honor of it being Jersday....I GTL'd.
:
I hope u have a great time at ur prom and just be careful love ya
They're great.
Thanks!
follow me?
:3
you know I'm feeling this.
Sam Dower is feeling it right now too
Too perfect Gotta buy an Animals record today for sure Still singing!!!
A SXSW moment to say the least that is every song I've ever writte
It sounds fine!
Thanks :
Raised near 100k yesterday!
If you were inspired, you can plunge in MKE on 03/03!
eeew  sorry...at least there's golf :
RT : Your brand is what people say about you when your not in the room
Workout tip 2 for time starved startup founders workout in half your normal time, but do upper body dumbell exercises in a sumo squat.
have you heard it you might not like it:
I think you'd like my math class...Chuck Norris posters everywhere!
Fuck you cancer.
Thanks!
We love it too!
Your brother should check us out!
We are a service/ app to help in case of fire or natural disasters
Was just coming home.
And what a day to be here!
Beautiful!
IF U FUX WITH DASUPAVILLIAN LET IT BE KNOWN...
POST A SONG OF HIS ON YOUR TIMELINE DMV WHADDUP SHOW SOME LOVE
Wow!
Thank you.
Now I am going to look to you for compliments  advice on amazing shoes.
just saw on my local news that gallup is reporting RMoney 47 and PBO 44?
the chick at the store was like aim high I say SPACESHIPSBITCHES and Majic iPhone 6....
Nah but I got another phone
NOw Follwing !!!!
Follow him y'all
I'm coming, coming, back, back to JERSEY.
Well that and if she was really ugly.
it only comes out when im mad
To those of you who got a FREEPRINT, they're all packaged up and ready to ship.
The deal is now closed.
Count it the greatest sin to prefer life to honor, and for the sake of living to lose what makes life worth having.
Is real fucked up in de head.
And on top of that is blazzed as a stoner GodsGirl777
Great night of Boot Camp!
I couldn't ask for a better group.
You guys crush it everytime!
Your success stories are going to be AMAZING!
Question that sdcouncil of course never will ask: Is there a better ROI available elsewhere?
PRINTELOPE PRINTING SPECIAL!
Mention Twitter when you order  get 20 off TODAY!
studying for doctor pok's class is impossible...
:
Had a moment of inspiration this afternoon with my 1st JBDStyleChallenge!
Shopping DONE!
Off to shoot video next!
If I could you find now, things would get better.
We could leave this town  run forever.
I know somewhere, somehow we'll be together.
Ok tweeter, if anyone really uses this a lot ...please show me the ways LOL, I have so much to say and feel that its not getting out
yes!
and a medium.
I feel like I live in the middle of the ocean you can't see the ground!
And our electricity just went out!
Stop raining!!!!
: U were named after the receptionist who overbooked the abortion doctor No wonder you married a hack.
You're just as bad
WeWereCoolUntil you opened your big mouth.
Learned from and You cannot afford to mind your business If you are to lead.
Not havin a girl is weird.
I b wantin stuff brought for me n shit
Dont wanna go home:
Best of luck, Tony.
You'll be great!
How is everyone else doing this fine morning...
Spring is in the air and it smells fresh
every night is a bad night to be a Boston fan.
A humbling experience  Thinking you're the man for getting a cute girl's , only to find out the  she gave was to Papa John's Pizza!
I was thinking of the josh hamilton goes to celebrate in Hamsterdam jokes.
Didn't actually tweet one though.
Once in a lullaby to start at tribecafilmfest.
Sitting with coproducer So happy for the kids.
How's everybody's Friday going?
Any local shows we should know about?
Really PLL?
How many Hitchcock Psycho homage's can you have in an episode?
But I'm okay with it.
Thanks for including our blog post in the YoungAtHearts Online Daily!
Sunshine I'd really like to tell you Oh my sunshine Even though your skies are blue
I hate when I leave my phone in my room expecting no one to text me, and of course everyone does and I feel like a bitch for not replying
Heard of it, but know little about it.
I am ready to be entertained!
As we mentioned late last night...apologies for the momentary pause on CoMoFirstKickCountdown, but today we're catching up!
welcome back to BOS Did you get a good view of the BostonBlackout from the air?
Will share my experiences in Nicaragua being called a negra mas fina in comparison to blacks on the Atlantic coast.
Heard it all the time.
meh.
off to interview...
and I are working on a new idea and are curious to see if we are taking the right first steps.
May I email you?
Go into your account, change your email and change your pw.
If you can't, you may have to go to Twitter about it.
Hope the hubby gets home soon....so excited for the game tonight!!!!
I know.
He also asks for money sometimes.
I mean, Dude, you have a tattoo of a swastika...
yes.
I do doctornk pabst.
:
on ooVoo with my gay lover.
I'm a whore.Oh not my boyfriend by the way.
haha i know right :P
Have a safe trip.
: Love ya!
3
Dougie you can break her like a twig, she should learn to shut up!!
hahah love my bff, :
I'm not really sure.

our own is a lover of both Gluhwein and Budapest
doctorke find your love still my song
Wish I knew  twitterfall when I did my culture essay lesson a few weeks ago!
Hold events in the morning.
That will give radio reporters time to get ready for afternoon shows, and TV reporters time for evening news.
I have a hard time w 120 choices at my fav place down here.
I can't even imagine over 500.

Starting next week, all students wishing to eat at the Taco Bell, ChickfilA, or Subway will need a 24hr reservation.
sorry about that I'll keep ur bag a little longer
HA!
Well played.
Just go to a brewery tour and get doctornk.
Yeah.
That's what my city has to offer.
that's an awesome song!!
Hahaha
they are very cute.
thanks, kevin.
Tennis Anyone?
Just arrive at La Jolla Beach  Tennis Club...
Me vs.
Seniors.
Bring it!
Mhmm I love you so much baby words can't explain : 3
Oh no i'm doctornk already
He doesnt go 2 our school anymore so idk when the next time ill get 2 see him
Hello and thank you to all my new followers.
nvm forget what I just said just erase it
and at the GAC shuffleboard tourney
Agh, my mouth is so doctor :/
I hate the fact when us black people enter Store's the workers be like YOU NEED HELP ....
I be like DAMN I JUST GOT IN HERE
After my midday recess session, I really don't want soup.
What2ChainzWouldSay.
Is a disaster.
he is gone write all these tweets down and make an album
they need to be taught responsible use ie.
looking at wiki sources.
We can't stop them from visiting it
Life is, more than anything, wishing you were Theodore Roosevelt when you're actually Rodney Dangerfield.
Did you see sluts in long pants?
Halter tops?
8 inch platforms?
FLOTUS is beautiful.
Crush...
THEY WANT YOU TO TAKE THE ROLLS
hi i love this pic of u on the Tran it is pretty
Heading to a new tea room discovery.
Enchanted Garden Tea Shop in La Mesa.
What's your fav tea room anywhere on earth?
Thank you so much!
You're making me cry...
follow for all the latest news on COD BlackOps and a chance to purchase a copy of the game a week early
The brighter you are, the more you have to learn.
Don Herold
s/o too : teamifollowback sweetiepiez
Thank you for the
happy to hear that!
RT : Gone on hiatus...
SHAYTARDS DAILY VLOG EATCH IT IT IS AMAZING YOUTUBE
Anyone else get a sneaky tweet from ?
Sounds like SOPA Part Deux.
Finally got my state tax refund.
Better late than never.
or Rene Gonzalez or eve Craig Worthington
Contestant 4 is Fred Zajac founder of Veteran Career HQ, a workforce mgmt solutions provider, connecting HR depts with unemployed
oh shitttt.
Can't wait :
don't need one trust me My gun is loaded
Thank you for the follow, looking forward to tweeting with you.
have a great week
if you're asking if the peace plan has failed, you failed.
Indy!!
Tonight , Female Soul Vocalist Renee King  Rhythm Park.
8PM.
So St.
Valentines Day is tomorrow.....any takers?
:P
The best!
He's been refining it since birth.
;
whosgonnalose  Orange Bowl  Georgia Tech v Iowa  Ga Tech will lose
Me: Taking pic of blackbird.
Guy on park bench: Hey, that bird is copyrighted!
English law, instead of Roman law.
Happy Texas Independence Day!
Hahahaha I love you hailstorm
kk thank you so much
Since Sarah Phillips was a Pac 12 student and Jim Donnan's scheme was bigger, is that another win for the SEC?
Damn ima miss her
If one believes in a different past, on has to believe in a different future.
Gordon Wood TweetsfromthePast
listen to AM radio those freaks are everywhere and they vote and contribute to PACs
I remember how happy i was when i saw had tweeted me 3 :
NE all day!
Ah yes.
That's one of the reasons I chose the commuter.
No problem in my regular clothesskirts even.
Me: Mom...
Dad..
I decided to live on my own from now on.
Them: Ok, cool.
Me: Your luggage is outside
It's getting crazy in herrrree!
Performing soon!
Get here!
with
Beautiful love!
Tomorrow will make the 2 weeks mark til my EPA exam!
One thing at a time!
if my voice starts changing and i start having violet mood swings its the steroids not me
Mexican experts find ancient blood on stone knives
RT : Park Bolton designed by nominated for Industrial Dev.
of the Year!
NAIOP Rex Awards,
Happy fathers day
Where did you get that nonsense about Jews hating Indians?
maybe.
Might be going for school.
I'll know more in a few weeks.
I'll keep you updated.
You are stole my heart!
Love you 3 : x
Been a crazy, busy week w/doctorss rehearsals every nite at Narroway, but there's just nothing like it, blessed 2 be a part!
All 4 His fame!
Gonna watch the Will Ferrell/Raymond Carver movie.
Only because the title does not contain What We Talk About When We Talk About
got my autograph yesterday, thank you!!
Bulls and dollar burgerss !!
Come Into rookies tonight!
Be sure to check our web page for information on College Football and TV  Baldinger
We will send you a free sample in the mail!
Ready...TWEET
follow us now
Do what makes you happy.
Be with who makes you smile.
Laugh as much as you breathe.
Love as long as you live.
Shout out goes to the Latina at Mcdonalds that made these tamales I'm about to eat.
Smells like its going to burn!
Ukuleles.
The preferred choice for crappy jingles for years.
iGot my cousinn on HOLD ' why my ear ' phone s in MUSIC First bby  3
can't wait for eecms v3  excited just off of the shots from
Had an audition for dunkindonuts yesterday I feel good about...
grew up on the stuff and loved it!
MT Tell to stop their VeriGreedy practices and respect workers and customers!
Call 8002299460 now
That's cool, it is a fun one :
I want to do a cauldoctorn version of the timbers Tetris 
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
A big Holiday Shout of Thanks!
to recent follows: I appreciate expertise!
See you Monday?
theWeddingParty at with for
tweet me MAHONE SOLD OUT NYC!
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything.
Mark Twain
me too!
even got my roommates on board with it :
abby doctornks puss.
at work
ARIANA IS OUR QUEEN :D
well thank you!
c:
Wow, what a fantastic meal.
Currently eating the leftovers.
I definitely need more...
i'm so glad i know how to bake since i'm hungry all the time.
It's refreshing to actually see a kid shy away from all the ESPN/press conference announcing hoopla.
teamsharon for the gold!!!
i've participated in networking games similar to firefly at other events and they seemed to have more participation.
You're welcome!
That Wine Place is a good look!

At least my stuff is organized in some fashion.
Right?
We took the game for a test run, and it's actually really fun to play!
He came up with the ideas  I just made them look pretty.
what a steal
text me at random talking about waddupdont be mad when I ask who's this CLEARLY we don't speak so I just assumed you died or something
I think his instructions are pretty clear.
Send him everything he needs to learn Cairngorm...for free of course.
Hairspray must sell like hotcakes in NJ
Thanks!
You too.
At VMA having a blast!
Can't wait to see performances!
This is why there are iphone games...
sing along.
That sounds awesome RT : Hi, really liking the clothing.
Do you mind if I do a post about your label on my blog?
BSO?
ENJOY!
I need to get out and see them or any classical performance more.
yeah, no kiroconnect for you.
get on that website for us!
I've got a Roku XD, PS3, Xbox 360 and two HTPC.
but the only one of those that was around the same price point is the roku.
If we were to make a pizza honoring MUBB, what should be on it?
Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy
Oh, yes.
But they're all friendly.
RT : i think powell library has ghosts
Dear Alec Baldwin: After keeping me for 10hrs to play with you.
Then you forgot over 20 x who I was, at which you were delusional.
So you've asked me questions about outlining  writing process ...
what about you?
she's reporter.
Love that you are also watching!
Can't wait for to show his stuff on debates!
What are you talking about?
merry christmas debby ryan i love you ?
Just heard this in BYU housing OH MY GOODNESS!
Did she really swear?!
let's not talk about HV..
haha about how I did at school
Everyone thinks I'm psychotic, except for my friends deep inside the earth.
Can QR Codes Help End Childhood Obesity?
Business 2 Community
She's amazing!!!!
When can we bring some young people with my foundation to hear you speak again?
Be comfortable with yourself so your customers will be relaxed when you meet with them.
I do sometimes!
We're hosting a Teen Tech Week technology share tonight.
I hope it goes over well.
out with my mommy and Cali for mothers day!
done: followed me Thanks!:
no i tried with greenpois0n
HHD have a good day :
I love seeing people I know on The Dirty

story on why Sunday talk shows continue to have Sen.
McCain on at every opportunity.
Quotes from bookers and critics.
the more symmetrical your face the more beautiful you are the less interesting...
i love hula hoops!
haha.
everybody else gets earthquakes
Every time I hear a song on the radio and don't know the artist it turns out to be Adele.
I am Aldolpho
Cena back to the jean shorts????
smh
what am i doing up?
amiinsane?
Awesome, thx!
RT ElaineMWay: So good to see the pets happy too!
Cabin fever....
Oh, we're getting a killer sick mural painted in our space.
Portland artists unite!
How did you enjoy your time with us last night, Susana?
Ok : txt me, its important
Two compounds found in chocolate, Noleoylethanolamine and Nlinoleoylethanolamine, inhibit breakdown of cannabinoids like anandamide.
sound is totally making me swoon in this breeze tonight...can't wait for to come on
The New England Patriots will be facing the New York Giants in the Super Bowl XLVI on Sunday.
Call at: 8884930004  get your game tickets.
thanks jew bear
Just give me a f'n coffee!
still covered in her yoke the wet doctorg of my addiction otep is awesome!!
if it doesn't include an itching or burning sensation then you didn't do it right.
chorus rehearsal!
Somebody just got Instagram!
So cool!
More photos from Rio to come!
Whether or not this is a wise idea I don't much care to know
lol and that was before this weekend's minicamp.
Nope, probably no clue.
RT : I wonder if some people know how badly their favoritism hurts the people around them.
Pink gators, my Detroit players!
Yup!!!!
Yall better make it back in time!
RT : So Webbie on the 29th
God is trustworthy and always has resources to back his promises!!
they don't want blacks either.
love you.
Today is my last day of high school :'
Wow Worship was powerful this morning.
If your missing Joy in your life, get to church for worship.
You will find it.
Want to come for a luncheon in Beverly Hills?
Oxygenetix wants you to come!
RSVP to
you want some peanut butter?
I think I have a promo card for that.
They do monthly showings, I believe.
my ex.
Apparently he needs to follow me on Twitter to get the full effect of my hilariousness
omfg I can't wait!
BOYFRIEND!!!
RT?!
Good morning Veronica!!
bout 2 head bak out the door
I just left class on my way :D
MAN BIGRED KILLING ME
has a legit website now...
Stacey  Original Member of the
Thanks Joe.
Sad loss...
BWA!
There.
Did that scare your hiccups away?
Nice nice nice!
Dont be discouraged.
Its often the last key in the bunch that opens the lock.
Rain cancels Nebraska spring game.
NO REFUND for 10 ticket but fans can redeem for baseball/softball game.
I'd be upset.
I already have!!
Let's hope it goes from good to great one!!
Watch this space for an new Easter bitesize resource!
Can you guess what it might be??
Wes Gullett for Phoenix Mayor!
hope you enjoy it's beauty.
Put up lots of pics
so sad tht a 3 day weekend had to end so fast i dont wanna go back to school im still sick ive been sick for like 4 days im NOT going
now they're playing followed by Annie Lennox's Ash cover of Ash at a different mall.
is mall music good now or does my taste suck?
I already know my attire :
If you haven't signed up for the do so immediately...
it'll be the best looking thing in your inbox!
Indeed.
Did you make a PhD decision yet?
hahahaha pay up kid
I didnt no whores had so much to say smh
I should really start a blog.
Of course, I realize this at 11 pm the night before a graphic design project worth 25 of my grade is due.
I think im ready
I learned that on Madagascar...
: when you tryna get em?// it don't matter to me
Thanks for the follow  looks like an interesting magazine!
Send me pictures of Incredible sunset!
Day 1 of birthday celebration was chocolate tour.
Day 2: food and doctornk fair!
Silvy r u a fanatic?
Some ppl may need to take shelter but i understand u lose rational thoughts when ur team plays.
U call people dumbasses  racists to stop them from telling the truth.
Tells me all I need to know about you.
Ads and Heat scoreless after 1.
what are you curious about?
Why is it that the history of war is rarely as politically fractious as history of money?
What does that say about money?
I love the way you have been playing, such heart and hustle...let's get that win!
get a life!
no ones gona fall for you bs spam!
my argument isn't who is better between kim and nicki..every1 knows its kim even dick riders!
My FACT is Nicki Minaj Is WACK
Holy Crap it's freezing in this room!!
And I have to take a test that I'm probably gonna fail in here?!
FORK this!!!
Why did Kinnear sub for Davis?
I thought he was playing well in the first half...
I actually went to a rodeo for a chic.
Got up and left.
Shoot me.
Nevermind we just have the three dumbest announcers known to basketball...jesus you guys are morons
Oh the delights of waiting until the last week of the semester to do everything.
why'd you send me that?
Thanks for the RT
No, my beard does : Chuck Norris swings a baseball bat made out of Batman
Cornelius Tacitus It is the rare fortuene of these days that one may think what one likes and say what one thinks.
Lol I guess that IS a way to look st it RT I walk with a limp cuz im
Last meet of the season tomorrow, gonna miss track
any idea who this doozy new UB pro will be?
How many points
My teacher just said AC and it made me think of haha
I thought you'd never ask!
blushes
5yr old: Why do I have to do what you say?
Me: Cause I'm in charge.
Him: You better talk to Mommy, I'm afraid she thinks SHE is in charge

It's what's underneath your skin, the beauty that shines with in.
3
Face Match is really awesome.
Yay Hulu Plus.
Also my living room looks really good after Ikea trip, people should come over.
Awkwardly walking around my neighborhood taking pictures of houses.
noshame.
It's all in the name of photography...
Goodbye LA.
Your weather is much too perfect for me.
Hi Sal  hoping to connect and discuss a speaking opportunity.
Can you DM me an email addoctorss or phone ?
Trey
im going trick or treating!!
:if it snows then i guess ill have to go 2 the mall :P
IT'S GOING DOWN ONCE AGAIN!
A HOST OF AMAZING FEMALE PERFORMERS RB AT ITS FINEST!
RED KIVA, 9:00 PM!!
BE THERE!
my 92 y/o MIL loves you and even more for replying to my tweets.
She is just grasping eBay let alone Twitter :p
Wow!
Super Junior fanchants are intense too!
you too!
We'll need to get together again soon!!
You're the bees knees
We hope to see your team on Sat.
for the debut of new home neighborhood, GreenDoor at Edenglen!
10am pancakes!
One of those days 
nice derp pass, Bosh
So bummed that doesn't have to 's 1st book to sell  book signing.
:
I'm not nerdy enough to answer that question, alas.
One of the tech crew would be better suited.
Oh, no.
Not Isis!
Dance tonight!
: gonna be a fun night!
AMAZING!
How was the Spotlight Award show last night?
Thanks for following  Would you be interested in becoming a sponsor for their annual TSETC11 conference this Nov?
great article!
JJ has always been cutting edge!
This is very well written!
Um...
Just had a listen back.
getexcited OMGosh!!!
Thanks for the mention!
Forgot I still had pizza rolls in the freezer.
TONIGHT WE FEAST.
A much needed sight tonight
Dam RIPPED INTO  the Heat Lebron on totally loved it!!!
Pacers could do this
Kamo yelling, gala real loud after missing third basket in a row.
Dipping our feet in the pacific ocean today, it's a first for most of us : 
the 19, but the party starts the 18th, that Friday night
I'm bowling in Ohio.
Everyone Tebows when they get a spare or strike.
Maybe I'll stay.
.
.
Join recruithighschool.com for free post highlight tapes and photos for free
Sure RT : do you guys take song suggestions through twitter??
OnAAir to donate Flat screen TV to an orphanage in Baja CA.
as part of the BLUEC / Wahoo's Baja 1000 Support Run
you're welcome!
Oh wow that shows how observant I am lol, ill definitely check them out!!
:
RandomThoughtOfTheDay Does everything really get better or do we just learn to put blinders on and deal?
Today is Suggest a Friend day!
Promote the UMKC Alumni pages on Facebook and Twitter.
Do you know alumni that are missing out?!
she doesn't get on facebook because it's inorganic spoken like a pro.
And of course I miss my other baby mama LMFAO :
Next gig is Friday February 24th at Red Eyed Fly show kicks off at 9!
Success is my number one goal in this game called LIFE.
getting a full night of sleep would be nice, but probably is not gonna happen ....
well you should aleast take not of the advertisers so there money wasn't wasted, carry on!!!
Thanking God for another's mother days with my mom:
Garland Thompson shows unsettling photos of Nazi gas chambers for killing people w/disabilities.
Used to perfect tech later used in camps.
Tomorrow night i'll be spinning w !
It's gonna be crazy
Rad!
RT Taking the Railrunner for a design session for the guide  hoping to launch before the end of 2010
Hopefully I passed my test!
Don't think I'm gonna let you piss in my face and tell me it's raining.
different standards which way, though?
I see girls as better able to handle the responsibility than boys of the same age.
I love singing at the top of my lungs  until my neighbors yell at me to shut up
Alcohol is necessary for a man so that he can have a good opinion of himself, undisturbed be the facts.
New JerseyPhoenix : New YorkLA Cup final anyone?
What about Charles Dickens cat paw letter opener at the NYPL....
Edmond de Concourt A painting in a museum hears more ridiculous opinions than anything else in the world.
I want to do less w/ less
lmao he's your favorite?
Hahahaha, I also looked you up and the mutual friends we have are some good friends of mine.
some are at my school.
Everyone's sleep on me except my cousin like a goon!!!!
Despite popular opinion, I think 's new song iFeelLikeDancin is actually pretty good.
Come at me, bro.
Here's a mini guide to some DOOSH acronyms.
DBAG: Don't Be A Gaper DBAT: Don't Be A Taper DBUNK: Don't Be UNKnowing
: it's BOBMARLEY kinda morning...
Everybody and they mama smoke.
Just kidding...Saturday will be our big move to the new Kiss 97.3 studio.
date subject to change lol
SCREAMS WHAT DOESN'T KILL YOU MAKES YOU STRONGER!
It's all about Sonya, btw.
Still at lakeside...ugh
: Beth luvs P ?
There outed you I'm morse code.not even gonna say what came to mind 1st
I was trying to edit out your stomach growl in protools but I think it adds to the sound design.
Writers are welcome to join.
So I think I'll be moving to the West Coast in about a year.
My places to live  San Diego, San Fransisco, Portland, or Seattle
I had a pet when I was 7.It was a fish named Finny.she's dead.well,I dont know is Finny a female or male.but I know I love her
Yes, it does mean that and it's working better than ever  very pleased with test runs today Googel
But does it give you access to the analytics too?
omg i love your background!
enjoying twitter?
haha
yes you did
TennisTweetsFromBritainThatAreAccurateRT MURRAY YOU ARE ANNOYING!
3 RT : How the fuck did Ana Steele make it to 2011 without an EMAIL ADdoctorSS?????
I feel like I have to do something but idk what it is
Love is like pi  natural, irrational, and very important.
Just hit refresh on that page RT : is there a live show today Ilmy web link is showing a replay chat box?
Aha that there tho
I found a great set at Bed Bath and Beyond.
Think it was Wilton.
Holding up great after three years.
But rad, nonetheless!
I went to the Abbey Rd on the River Beatles Fest on the waterfront this weekend with Joe and Brian.
A splendid time was had by all.
In exactly a month, I'm gonna need 30 hours worth of audiobooks for my train ride to Florida, any suggestions?
YA ROMANCE LITERATURE PLOX
been a minute!
Hey stranger...
want to add a blog post to madisonrealestatecareers.com ?
Dear Montana, your Chicago ads are good spend.
I want to doctorp everything and visitMT.
Wait for me!
I'll be there as soon as I can!
Our Hero got kicked out of the grocery store for having too much heart.
Best birthday text today: A salaam a lekem Brother Elvis.
Allah's blessings upon you on this holy day.
L.F.
Life is renewed, Past is erased, it all came together, When I looked at things your way.!
Im.hi n i got Boil in my eye im touch everybody
That may be the end fix, but a long ways off from that!
newbie diving in deeper: going from twitterlurker to participating in the conversation
no prob got to follow back the fans
Titanic is the best movie ever.
Ever.
I saw it on Saturday and can't stop thinking about it.
Tax season has you stressed?
Finish them up then head to our Yoga for Anxiety, Stress  Insomnia workshop w/Niya on Sun.
12:00pm2:00pm
MadeUpFactsAboutAnimals Most octopi favor their right four tentacles, although about 10 percent are lefties.
Ah, peace at last, machine fully built and backed up.
I think I'll turn UAC back on AFTER my code camp demos today just to be safe!
Imagine what your life would be like if you were not forgiven.
Now think about what Jesus said was the greatest commandment
Make note everyone !!
UKC PR GIDDIMS' SPOT / UKC GIDDIMS' CREME' is now stuck 2gether more Pups hopefully .2 litters coming up !!!
:
Whatever happened to western stories?
Does no one write them anymore?
The shelf at the bookstore is so small.
Time to
watch out for the cradle robbers
Justin bieber please follow me please I am a fan if u nevered followed me tweeted me dm me or retweeted me and that makes me sad so followme
ill trade you a pickle for a nickle
I'm still extremely young, I have a whole journey that awaits me :
Third Eye Blind, April 27th at the Nuggett lets do it
oh it is!!
Route 44 doctornks to rehydoctorte.
ok  flat white and everything tinted  swagg Haha so I should call you OG Daniel from now on??
just a yellow card
Congrats 2 Susan Gunn  AMP!
Metro Richmond 4 VA Mentoring Partnership award as the 2011 Outstanding Mentoring Program in Richmond.
it's a new world...
Video and secrete tape recordings are admissible too..
Cool!
When u get the chance could u send me the youtube link of your show Mike'sEntertainmentAndSportsShow
Thanks!
Cool to meet another fitness addict.
:
I think my parents are enjoying this grandparenting a little too much..
Sorry folks you'll have to wait a while longer...
Indeed they are.
And one less follower me.
NHLplayoffs Pittsburgh VS Philadelphia
i remeber having a conversation with you in 4th grade about this.
u said u were going to be a cool mom and wear flared jeans.
Safe travel  best of times, ole buddy!
:
Thanks Sweetie Boo!!
I love
thanks bro
Right!
It was such a good idea for a FB contest  resulted in some beautiful photography.
: standards matter more than systems
damn i hate when you just tie a shoelace then when you start walking the other shoe feels loose and you have to tie that one haha
Great.
Thanks!
danger wanted to fight on our may 18 card.
Crazy stuff
I was doctornk
Rain rain go away...
Near Farmington, Ca, witnessing a real live California wildfire.
Holy crap.
I hope the Chargers start out their regular season better than their preseason!
Haha, well I'm not on the fence on that one bit!
But I've felt that way for a long time, and not just b/c of censorship.
RT  So, the Jacksonville Jaguars are moving to Los Angeles in the future.
When will this happen?
This weekend is proudly sponsered by...trojan magnum condoms, seagrams extra smooth vodka, and nickey d's coney island....
Yes!
That sounds great.
.yeah the allstate guy will plan a heist to progressive soon after using state farms magical powers.
I'll take the music...you take the cats.
MAN, COCO GON BE SICK TONIGHT!!
CRANKIN THAT SHIT ALL THE WAY UP TONIGHT!!!
Seeking a Sr/Lead Generalist Programmer for my MMO Studio in the Bay Area.
Hit me up if interested 
Happy Wednesday
I hate when you feel really really full like you're about to doctorp a huge shit and then you let out the greasiest fart
Never fails, the off ice officials screwing things up!
are def my fav band of all time!!
but I love pop rock and punk and country lolits a weird mix I know!!
do u think it will be ocho vs t.o.
?
How is it possible that Bud is quiet and resting every time I walk into the house and then IMMEDIATELY gets up and is noisy once I'm home?
don't forget about TLS fri :
Jazz Stories starts John Rangel at the Cooperage 7PM.
no, I don't have a fever, but it hurts my throat.
sorry eyka, talk tomorrow, i must to go.
bye, love u ;
Miami marlins  one party rule.
abandoned backpack under bench shady grove bound side of platform at gallery place.
Today is Friday !
Ur not afraid to be yourself!
That's
i know man haha
Bout to hoop at uwm
Its so awesome watching grow as a performer and a professorssional over the last couple years.
thanks a bunch ;
common grounds to discuss legal education services for yours...catch yall in a bit
temple run is the best game ever
The school year may be gone but Math and reading is still being practiced at the Barnyard.
Got to keep the brain active for summer!
Procrastination?
No.
I save all of my homework until the last minute because then I'll be older, therefore, more wise.
What an awkward 3 hours of my life.
:o/ oh well !
Yay!
Go you, that's awesome!!
:
Whatever It Takes!
Saw Donald Trump while performing tonight!
Weather Tweet Tonight Severe Warning: Heavy Snow, 27 Low.
Grab those snow boots, you'll need them if class isn't canceled....
THATS WHATS UP, IM READY TO HEAR THAT..
IM ON THE SAME SHIT FOR THE NEXT TAPE
Worshiping the Vanwarmer today my friends
I hope the Knicks beat them and hand the bobcats a 23 game losing streak for Jordan
I think I'm more excited then the lil ones
Great to meet you too!
Enjoy your day :D
Yea!
Congrats!
: My last week of class!!!!
USC
Be positive.
TRUST God...
Then you WILL have a smile on your face :
Pretty forlorn: my Borders Rewards card staring at me from the table this morning.
Long live Rainbow Bookstore Coop!
Offering Prefered Seats Cirque du Soleil Shows in Vegas O Zumanity KA Viva Elvis Mystere plus more book your discount room show
How do you feel about Goldman after the recent bad press?
20 Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!!
Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !!
You're right  I want to apologize.
I'm sorry for doctorpping that winning TD pass that would have lead us to a Super Bowl.
Had a great time tonight.
What a great addition to the MKE.
My 11:11 wish is that iJever stops making fun of 's pure talent :
Got it
apparently not since we aren't there today
at least it isn't Monday anymore....
Shout out to The Sugar Benders for an awesome preformance at the official Winter Carnival Kick Off!
: My memory is so bad  how bad is it?
how bad is what?
this totally describes me!
Okay Where Are These People At!
im goin to school :
this one...takes the freakin cake.
I'm about to climb the net and kick his shins
Working on music for the show!
: there is always something to do.
Good morning all!
and the same to you all!
We should talk more :
Listen!
Listen!
Listen!
To the Carnegie Hall Live broadcast with L'Apreggiata.
Broadcast starts at 8pm tonight!
Shooting a commercial Friday!!
Being called pretty  :
Alive and well and rockin' the Queen City...
; Met you and your wife in Chicago at Blk writers convention 13 yrs ago...class act then, class act now.
Stay strong misterScott!
Watching Glee's first episode.
Don't Stop Believing.
Happy Birthday to !!!
The best actor/clown/urban farmer in Silverlake!!
what movie did you see??
What would you change about twitter?
Us: stop recommending we follow !
You've got what it takes, but it will take everything you've got ; x
Being to lazy to get up and shower 
god you love everything I do..
I think you need to be my best friend.
EVER.
just went to the samurai exhibit and informative!
The Russo fam gives it 2 enthusiastic thumbs up.
Christian's are annoying.
I bet there's a coalition of groupies in a small apartment watching the NFL doctorft closely making their selections as well.
Yes 3PM ET.
Have a Great Day!!
A house boat offers all the advantages of a house but with all the excitement of the sea!!
If twitter isn't a doctorg then someone please explain to me why I sneak into the bathroom at work to use it
Very annoying that you can't search the same thing twice without having to scroll down to your Searches list.
Huge issue.
Thanks.
Now feeling guilty I failed to more actively tweet the registration info.
go to yoga and stretch out those compacted muscles
Working on a project to bring a game development lab to Mason's STAR Lab for students.
Mason faculty, if you're interested, let us know.
If Danny Granger isn't going to show up, Pacers don't have anyone to close against
And how much will u pay a tax accountant to find  file those loop holes  writeoffs?
U just showed why we need real tax reform
7 basic principles to improve marriages 1.
Exercise to Together 2.
Cook Together Go to daryldorsey.com to get the other five today
RT ContemporaryMusic: Music for piano and electronics, interactive or fixed, by women composers: suggestions, please?
hahaha yep 5!when u coming back to skate homie?weathers been good up here!
ShoutOut to Coral Rose Radio!
I didn't think I needed to be there.
told me he is skipping out.
Bullshit.
we'll win the series
Cougars take down defending College World Seres champs Gamecocks!
College of Charleston 4 South Carolina 3
MT Romney At Liberty: Marriage is One Man, One Woman, and One Dog on the Roof of Your Car!
SMOKE ALOT OF WEED BT I CAN NEVER FORGET YA
how about singing about data?
officially addicted to pinterest, i really have homework to do today but twitter and pinterest are way more exciting

that pmo!
Like when she was in the trailer and the lady was outside with a knife scratching the walls tryna get her!
Yes she can and I've no doubt she'd be on your end of the RPG lol
Holiday trivia: What two famous printmakers are invoked In the song Sleigh Ride?
I see what you did there haha
Are you naughty or nice?3
sign me up!
Everybody should follow and it's her birthday!!!!
Hurrah to great people and awesome road trips.
Damn it's cold!!!
Bout to take a loooonnnngggggg hot shower!
for sure!
Spike lee is reckless and clearly emotionally immature.
I thought I was the only one.
Lost all of my contact, so text me.
Even more specifically, it will be a defense spending cut and an acrosstheboard tax increase.
Kind of bipartisan.
Follow BartabSF so we can mention your bar in our tweets!
This may be the best opportunity I've had so far in my career.
Zach Randolph came to play tonight.
This is how he played last year.
haha i try ;D this turkey was following me around everywhere, i had to take it home :p
RT : Michael Franti  Spearheads Say Hey is featured in the new trailer for The BackUp Plan.
Confession7:i dont like girls that give it up on the first night
Good morning good n bad people!!
tell them Obama supports the increase
Damn!!!
doctor Webber finally got him some!!
Alright, one more beer.
Those words never hurt anyone?
We learn the rope of life by untying its knots.
Is it Friday yet?
Tuesday's Spotlight is on the The Texas Cheese Steak Sandwich at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint !
Come get one :
The way to show you care for others is to pay attention to what they are saying
Can't believe in 2011 some sites still don't allow you to save your password in the browser.
go to my page....he is at the bottom....click on it and hen click follow

and congratulations on the upcoming paperback release!
Yea but I kinda don't like Justin Bieber as much as I used to haha
For it is in giving that we receive.
Saint Francis of Assisi
When are you heading into PDX for your gig at the Keller?
Got any time for a quick TV interview?
I gotta s/o Loyalty is key
tweet me if u like cody simpson because of his personality!
I believe it's time to go shopping.
And I don't mean for clothes!
yes and corn makes whiskey!!
great block, but that could have been very ugly.
: should play he is all I pictured when reading lots say that :
follow she loves you too deathshe would be buzzing if she was your first followerif not she will end up like stan.26
Survey: subject librarians and IT staff most likely to get called into DH project support
Can't sleep!!!
I hate to be up still!
Can't get back to my old rutine.
i can stand it for like an hour or so.
Karaoke with and at The Smogcutter
I will never leave you heartless..
Never leave you standing in the darkness.
Darling yes I promise to never leave you heartless.
oh well I don't do that to strangers just the 1 I love lol he gets mad about to but he stills answers me :
Being a MAHOMIE is like a job working for our Master, AUSTIN MAHONE.
wow!!
Did you find?
Tell me details friend!
SXSW..
Got me tired..
Thank jesus its over....
Next Relays
RT :you act like that kid was innocent, you don't know shit about his history, media wants everyone to feel sorry for himTrayvon
Interview w/ Ellyssa Kroski for 'T is for Training' www.tisfortraining.wordpress.com, She discusses her job, previous titles  THE TECH SET!
RT : Please support the Hypothes.is kickstarter project.
In my opinion the single most important content project of our age.
Happy Birthday s/o to my little cousin 3
Very cool Joseph!
Which player?
We look forward to seeing you at a game!
Good show :
Another Sunny Day in Beautiful Denver, CO.
It is time to go pro with what God has called you to do!
I gotta tell you America, we need to clean the candidates off this campaign stage.
Newt Gingrich and Herman Cain should be the the only ones
Pantera's new song Piss, is kick ass.
Using Windows is way way more painful than I remember.
good morning love  :
Open up the flood gates of my eyes and let it rain on me
bored and wishing he was here....i love him soo much!
Yes, I remember always watching the MTV News updates when I was in high school!
birdie aside, do you think it's deserved?
They gone LOVE ME for my ambition
we recieved the best striped marlin I've ever seen, from Hawaii.
The suff is Beautiful!!!!!
I am looking forward to
Did i tell you guys that i slept really really well!!:
can't complain wbu
Hahahaha ayyy so a girl can doctoram ya know!
Gee thanks, discovering Sushi Cat was so not what I needed while I'M trying to write...
marketingdomination.blogspot.com wanna know how to really rank in the search engines and DOMINATE, read...
: miss my baby girls...what's everyone out in Twitterland doing tonight?
smoking weed??
never boring, always exciting!
Haha.
I'm gonna be at my friends having some doctornks with my boys.
Enjoyed your talk at !
I've been called Bob, too ;
I blame carriers not HTC or Samsung.
dear how r u
Yes, you do!
RT : you need to have come and play!
have a wonderful day sir..
what happened to october?!
How much would you pay for a signed Juan Marichal photograph?
More left side infielders?
So sick of those picks RT : Rumor around Lambeau today was we are taking a shortstop or third baseman
Congrats!
big cobtributer to Texans first franchise playoff win

You're not following me exactly.
Hey JP what is next Tuesday looking like?
you lucky lucky chap!
I've seen twice this year, he's great  would love to see Matilda
In comparing the two organizations and he said it wasn't even close.
Raiders have won 3, Denver has 2.
Appearances count too.
yes you idiot I am a parody.
I play hockey.
Better than Rinaldo ever could.
Thank you to everyone who braved the weather to help celebrate the groundbreaking of the Miller Nichols Learning Center!
Hey Park Slopers and Bklyn, we have someone to rant to when our cable/internet goes down RT
Great material for any musician!
aw I just reread my recap of the day I met in 2008.
I seriously hope I get to go to the fanclub party this year.
ah.
you're welcome!
3 ahh I know I'm so excited!
I want pastel hair.
Just heard an Aramark manager refer to students as customers.
Sen.
Casey, Sunoco mend fences over refineries  future U.S.
Sen.
Bob Casey Jr., who has publicly demanded that Sunoco Inc.
account for i
If I'm crazy enough to think it, then I'm crazy enough to say it.
Sad Day..
No More Pringles :
Follow me back.
How much time do you actually get to spend in South Florida these days?
Reading the 22 Immutable Laws of Marketing.
Old book...but timeless in so many ways.
Def.
check it out!
What is the LAP the Competition event at ILTA?
I reeeeaaaalllly take no pleasure in saying this, but Think Like A Man reminds me of a cute Doris Day movie.
Sorry.
M...
RT also tonight: anchovy fritti w/ crispy lemons  gremolata!
lamb sausage w/ roasted peppers  green garlic pesto.
Hahaha.
I hope I brought it!!
;
Relationship this relationship that please shut the fuck up.
For I am making lighting!
I am Zeus!
And I am so sad that North Carolina repaid them by exercising their freedom to deny rights to others.
sounds great Pattie!
Do you have a stylish floating wine glass?
Need few more follows follow me plz
I'm looking forward to it then!
WhatsGangster?
eight letters that classify a lifestyle only certain people live.
That's last year's par3 tournament of course.
This year's is washed out.
Might be a wet and wild Masters this year.
CheHsuan Lin is an incredible outfielder...barring any injury issues, he's a lock for a gold glove in the bigs...catches everything!
Make sure baby always sleeps on a firm crib mattress in a safe crib  keep all soft items out of baby's crib.
MY BABY BOY'S 15TH BIRTHDAY!
LOVE U BAY!
MISS U!
Sweet!
Just found out I'm off Monday!
Birthday week just got even better.
Starting on Marilyn Monroe's Happy Birthday mister President hair today  what's your favorite Marilyn hairstyle?
sdmayornp Filner you talkin' to me?
reminder to read his tax form
Also, wow Blake
Great Sunday.
Opening round of NCAALax tournament continuing, The Players, Twins  NBA playoffs.
Johns Hopkins at 2pm.
Happy Friday!
i would do really well if ever tasked with the responsibility of cooking dinner for a vegan 6yearold.
I like the iPhone, but any modern SmartPhone, tablet, netbook, or laptop will do.
I am rewarding myself with some NY pizza for applying to jobs today...because I have a headache as well
stay true to ur team.
He won't always b at UK.
Wow thats crazy and how did all this started?
Niese goes 6 nohit for Mets today.
Broken up by Brave Freddie Freeman.
Geek trivia..Freddy Freeman was captain Marvel Jr.
secret identity
SuperBowl I told my dad who is watching with me that that was a catch right when he caught it.
Toe is down and possession is established.
I'm crediting for my decision to stop at for chili on this unpleasant day.
It was a good decision.
Snow picture timee then movies for a little then wedding party; thenn the reall party starts tonight ;!
Man just left the school gym from gettin my nelly on
Hey!
Follow my home gurl !
Thanks!
:
Danger time Memphis.
2 see anything beautiful you must see only the sublime.
Look only to heaven, don't look down to earth like pigs who seek in the mud.
Ingres
thanks for my early mothers day gift the other day.
Those tacos were on point
I am part of the Sports Business Association at Arizona State.
Who can I reach out to in regards to speaking?
you should of added a point blank period.
Yup, just found and killed a brown recluse spider on my sheets.
The bastard!!
Have to leave my therapist since changing health insurance every yr is just one more way this org tries to not retain staff
thanks 4 follow...I'll text you...
Construction having all the bad kids, true hoodoctorts
have you tried sublime text?
Please come out and support this amazing young performer.
Tyreke will be giving a perfomance you will never forget.
I forgot to remind you about the spikes :o
Don't be like Nike.
Do just do it until after marriage!
Groundedd..
So I won't be on for a whilee.
SAT word of the day: ineffable unspeakable, incapable of being expressed through words
super sexy!
From music to fashion you do it with style.
Tell mom you're one good looking fella.
Any tips for a video resume?
I enjoy that Rock actually said, if that throw was a little bit lower...
The preppy boys in my 6/7th period thought Jordan made heavy metal music.
Fucking GUnit shit right there!
NATO is coming to Chicago and already the gestapo tactics are in place w/ the compliant CORPORATE CONTROLLED MEDIA helping.
Facebook is like prison, all you do is look at walls all day and get poked by people you barely even kno...
Filling out Freedom of Information Act requests.
Frantically trying to tape my bracket back together.
Maybe not out of it yet!
Liberman reproducable research is open research but not necessarily OA research.
Crucial to publ code and data, not make it OA.
Wow....
i'm tired of people trying 2 b something they arn't:/ smh
RIPSteveJobs a true American innovator and
Just puked :' i feel like yuck
Go follow my new account I'm gonna delete this account tomorrow night :D yeee
If you do nothing else, at least try to break a sweat one time every day!
When the temperature is 90 outside it shouldn't be hard!
next time bring a cooler
You better werk, you better werk!
for some reason i keep sneezing loll
Keeping positive thoughts
I just got your notification.
But ones from April 1st to now didn't notify me...I wonder if their servers were overwhelmed?
wat do you beenin a vampire got to do wit it lmao
haha i know right?
oh ur welcome did u get any yet?
No problem!
Salute RT : Thanks for the shout out!
GERSON LAW FIRM is attending the California Bankruptcy Forum's Annual Insolvency Conference 5/18, Westin Mission Hills Resort, Palm Springs
Do I hear retirement??
Truth Twister
Today is Nollaig na mBan in Ireland traditionally gave women a day to put their feet up and let the men do all the work
notice I did not reply to that specifically haha
S/o da homie it's been a long time comin bro.
Keeps dat shit up.
Man, is killing me today!!!
already running more than an hour late and still a long ways until NYC, and now we're going backward?
haha...
sounds good!
Today was pretty good day!
Hopefully week goes by fast:
Strength will find you sooner than you ever thought it would.
Check out 's Flick for Free tonight: 'The Artist' , 7p!
did you play continental club last night?
I went to Double Trouble and think I saw you jamming when I walked by.
Creature Feature!
Wed May9 11:30am12pm  Meet some of our critters  learn about their life here  in the wild.
Free w/1 admission.
do it dude.
Its our senior year ha
This day been busy but great!!
Did you attend the Giants parade today?
Looking forward to seeing everyone's pictures!
I'm talking about the spam DM you sent me big lips.
Take some responsibility for your own actions.
Season is over
Someone needs to optimize the pointless lunch labyrinth you have to maneuver through to get food.
quite the fog today!
At least tomorrow will be 80 and raining....
Yay!
I have my phone back :
FF new followers, thank you!
Fat shorts and hoops for 6 hours...
Yup!!
Really?
Grow up and get a life.
74 of women who applied for loans for their businesses succeeded.
Anyone else hearing the tinny robotsound the mics are giving off at the Oscars??
So irritating  hope they figure that out soon!
i love you with all my heart 33..
Good morning.
Just wanna say that ThinkLikeAMan was better and even funnier than I thought it wld be!
was off the chain!

i think a lot of corn is genetically modified isn't it?
am i wrong on that?
Looking for supporters.to help support me you can buy my songs or a tshirt.it takes  to keep it going thanks to all my fans and friends
i just downloaded that album.
I forgot how much I enjoyed it...
alone, in my car, at the top of my lungs...
embarrassing, i know
what's good with it
You can't steal my boom!
Can't feel.
My heart ..but I no it beat...if I put it in ya hands hopefully u never cheat.can't.
Put a price on love get it all.
never cheap
Clare was generous enough to let me use her apt while I'm in Dallas for the weekend.
My pants are from The Buckle and the fit is called Carter.
Land at for a cook out start a photo download to computer immediately
Can we have some shoutouts please?
:
NP:  Man Down
And now Republican political ads doctorve me absolutely crazy in a way that Democratic ones don't.
This is not rational.
Yur friends are..
ur not well now uu r...
just figured out my bestfriend has a lung disease /: keep her in your prayers .
.
..
:D L0ve.L0ve.L0ve
Aha!
Thank you!
Obama's handling of the marriage equality issue says nothing good about him, whether or not he pivots on it now.
What would you have done?
morgan, text me.
nownownownownow
Its awesome Tay
Come downtown on Saturday to catch the Jazz fest and then come up a few blocks to my gig at the Allerton hotel.
You'd dig it.
xo
mad props tonight fun set deff a wet one!
ill appreciate it follow me
Cuz he like u and you like it 2 lmao
I wanna go on a picnic 
12 hours to get here and all I wanna do is go home.
good luck tomorrow!
Get out there  vote tomorrow, WI!
let's start thinking :
everyone has ups and downs but its best to always stay positive and work things out :
I'm kind of a productivity unicorn today
I hate it when beliebers try to pick fights with other beliebers!
what happend to being a family?
You and me both.
Romney's Mormon mission experience prepared him well for his current campaign.
Both require lying to ppl who don't really like him.
Treat yourself by healthfully tricking your tastebuds.
Satisfy your sweet tooth with herbs infusions like Anise, Licorice, Stevia or Vanilla
little disappointed with my fantasy baseball numbers for opening day
the way you look is a problem.
That actually sounds wonderful.
Sorry for the lag in responding.
Been spending rare time with my visiting wife.
J.
Cole is awful looking lol
aha i didn't see
Show Last night was Awesome!!!!!!!
The NBA has suspended Houston Rockets scout David Patrick for one year for player contact violations during the lockout, sources tell Yahoo!
im rockin a v neck too man lol
Recording with Cory Spotts in Phoenix next month get ready for our new e.p Timbuktu
nyc is leveraging intaxi tv screens to collect data on passenger experience.
Modules are short  simple.
Great mister!
I love Carters, Osh Kosh, Gap.
Simple clothes that are easy to put on and are durable.
I hate overalls for babies...
We're still accepting reservations at Lillies for Thanksgiving Dinner!
21.95 for a full four course Thanksgiving feast!
good look bruh!!!
God is always faithful!!!
All glory to Him
Happy Saint Patrick's Day!
May the best day of your past Be the worst day of your future.
I went crazy when I was with you, I can't let that happen again.
Love's not supposed to do that, you made me go mad!
have a blast Kelsi!
Hahaha jk, I have no sorrows :
We love you too Dexter.
Excuse me, Whoville called they want your nose back!
RT If your going to Austy's concert in NY!
According to that last crowd shot, Cleveland does not lead the league in rhythm.
Go Cavs!
parties who produced earlier attempts at cons in Vegas either poorly promoted or had unreasonable expectations
At Ikea taking a nap, pretending I live here.
Wish these people would stop walking through my bedoctorom.
Rude.
who u telling lmao
HTML5 still needs more browser support and would love to see a JavaScript v.2.
doctorams can come true!
B.I.B.L.E  B: Basic I: Instructions B: Before L: Leaving E: Earth retweet if you love God !
Remember .
.
.
He saw you read this
Where will I go for work?
Colorado ?
Virginia ?
Ireland ?
Good luck to LASelects PeeWee and Bantam As at Nationals this week!
Proud of Nuggets 1st half, sportin' a 9point lead.
But they better get back to basics and run 'em out of the gym in 2ndcan't make em all
starting keynote at doctoramforce Those at home can watch the live simulcast.
Awesome workout!
Did weights...now my legs and arms feel like jelly
na bitch I wrap that
please do add me to the digitalhumanities list!
Thanks!
Especially this time of year!
: Friday faculty meetings sowrong
bahaha i repeat, u're not stupid
Having horrible txting buddies 
AIDSWalkWI RT : Top 3 fund raising walkers win round trip tix on AirTran Airways.
Will that be you??
NO FREE LUNCH TODAY
bahhh!
I'm delighted to say I'd almost completely forgotten about him.
Glad he landed some awesome air time on HGTV
I need more followers....more people should be introduced to my particular brand of awesome.
Big Jolly blog truly shows Guthrie shines!
He's managed to sway opponents critics to see his command skills and clear pick.
The task of the modern educator is not to cut down jungles, but to irrigate deserts.
C.S.
Lewis
write write write webseries www.terriblepeopleshow.com
Can you guys continue helping tweet ArianaDidAmazing !
Tell everyone
GhettoHalloweenTreats Coupons for fried chicken and hot Sauce packets
that was sweet!
Thank You!
I'm doing well, 14km to go, you must be watching the grupetto channel
Check out www.todaysfavoritetoys.com to get that special toy at a great price!
My bookmarks are absolutely bonkers out of control so I'm giving a try.
Kind of psyched to see what's going on postYahoo
2012: The longest journey starts with but a single step.
Which way are you going to walk this year?
That's such good news!!
:
ok shoot me an email.
thanks!
Dirty 30 woo
can you pl z follow me its been like a doctoram for ever your my role model
We can be super seniors together!
lol
After watching the insanity of Pens Flyers game three, the Caps Bruins series seems so quiet and calm.
:P hope you enjoyed your quick visit.
I do, its brilliant!
3 3
wow cv, so classy.
every single status on fb right now.
half the people saying it probably have sexted before.
I'll go contrarian w/ Google Music.
I like it!
Cutting edge no, but easy to load w/ tunes  nice to stream that music or store on devices.
Happy Sunday from the ladies.of stamped n
not sure man
Time to shower.
Going to sleep early.
yes sir, we are all so young, we got another 50, 60, 70
no doubt
So excited for the summer have so many plans!
:
Nice start to the day working with 8th grade teachers in Loveland  what will learning look like when each student has a laptop/device?
RT : My TARDIS brings all the daleks to the yard and they are like...
3XT3RM1NAT3!
Ty Lawson is one of my favorite nba players, it might just be the diehard tarheel fan in me, but I was wishing the Knicks would doctorft him...
Let's see how far we've come.
alright man later
Genuinely forgot about revision until I seen a tweet about it and all the stress came back
Golly, it is swell outside!!!!!
Ok, Twitter.
I'll come back.
If I want to spend my money to watch the home team lose at baseball, ill go to the Olympics this summer.
Recovering from an overstimulating msa13!
Good seeing 
present and accounted for.
Good luck!
lololol welp.
u was right.
my daily facial expression tho is turned into jus a blank stare
Life is simple, just not easy.
Some where along the way; we made it complicated and strive to make it easy.
Great to hear that was able to help you out.
Pretty cool that they stepped up to help you
TwSIG can be very intimate.
Someone had been live tweeting finding out about cancer and dealing with chemo.
Engaging in lives.
Transforming
gotta support the local talent!!!
Made more beer this weekend with Shon.
Step 5 RT : RT : Build a pressure relief valve.
People are going to vent.
Let them vent on a venue that you...
join me in following Pls support fairtradebest strategy to curtail
YAYY!!!
CONGRATS SUCH A BEAUTIFUL TALENT!!
You deserve it girl!
They had a season with no real home, so they called Toutle, Ilwaco, a middle school in Vancouver, and Rainier, Ore.
home.
lol, I'll tell her before its too late
God I hate the Red Hot Chili Peppers, but you knew that
if you're just trying to make her mad, then go find someone else.
Already follow :
Rock  Roll Marathon was a great event.
The people of Wash DC were amazing!
Great comm support.
Perfect event coord.
Amazing sites.
Loved it
Knees be broken from dancing, voice be broken from screaming lyrics.
I just watched it last night.
Crazy stuff!
This season is already quite something.
Just woke up  saw a ghost.
Probably my grandmother
: Me: Sometimes I like to talk to myself.
Me: OMG me too!
High five.
haha I do tht sometimes!
All nighter with ,
WeAllGotThatOneFriend who is annoying but at the same time is always there
lol watts up sowwy I don't get txt messages when I get tweets it's so dumb I was out and about today
No one can viably say, If Romney wins the election, I'm moving to Canada b/c you know he can just buy it.
Morning...
getting ready for this doctor's appointment.
I know God is in the healing business.
THANK YOU LORD!!!!!
we missed you at SXSW.
rain check?
Johnny's Hideaway Reasn to doctornk today...it's National Honesty Day!
Okay, what do you need to tell us?
Mike Brown should be fired!
Down 1 with 5 secs.
Left n Steve Blake shoots a 3?
Good morning friends, hope you all are amazingly blessed!!!
RT : Happy to announce that the UWAMA  the will bring in of to speak at the !
: Going to sleep without my daily goodnight message  ill giv u a massage
Where is Tony Allen?
Has he been kidnapped?
Sorry we didn't get to talk last night!!
I wouldn't be me if I didn't get a lil nasty!
expense reports are DONE!!
now onto timesheets...
Now Following!!!
Turn your heart to God before you become dull in spirit and be ever hearing with no understanding, and seeing but not perceiving the Lord.
CAN YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME?
I REALLY LOVE YOU AND GOT YOUR FRAGANCE SOMEDAY :3
thank youu: My moms like, you'd look better then me.
So imma have to say no.
Ahahahah but I'm definitely getting it!
The Original Hookah Home is adjustable to fit most hookahs, as long as the water base is 12 inches or less.
RT : EPA estimates that data centers use 2.5 of electricity use in U.S.
Performing Live, In 6 Minutes
I'm soo going to give a prize to my 3,647th follower!
I love you
i love you .
but ill just keep you wondering.
you aint ready.
Hope its a heart felt day.
Happy Valentine's
Since when did my 45year old neck mole decide to sprout TWO hairs?
Things no one tells you about parenthood, 474: pinkeye is really gross.
:
Are you happy now?
A hot crackhead.
6 should be TODD not Paul
Mission Accomplished.
Gamestop came through in the clutch.
reinventing myself..going back to the style and things that represent me and what i plan on doing with my life
I forgot most of then haha
it has been a theme throughout 2012 in the media/Dem assault on Walker.
In another setting, I would agree 100.
RT Ok Roseville Costco shoppers I've delivered more wine.
Both wines are back in stock and on the shopping floor!
what's the schedule?
I might go see clippers in LA
Covering up my blonde.
Don't lose hope Ron Paul Supporters!
We WILL Win Nevada, Maine, Virginia and MANY more!
Keep Spreading Ron Paul's Message!
please tell your Twitter friends...
You were amazing at the concert last night!
It was a real treat to see you perform!
I invented the blue palm tree!
Are you making fun of my talented doctorw Something skills?!
.
EVERYONE FOLLOW RUSTY THE KING OF CALI AKA SEXY MO FO!!!
Thanks for the RT!
Starting on Tuesday, March 15th Burgerville will introduce you to a brand new shake or smoothie!
TBA
Nice!
So glad someone knew what I meant by that!
:
One of the best shows I've ever seen.
Superb.
LOVE it!!!
can't believe you still have those pics and two very different expressions on our faces.
embarrassing is an understatement
Tacky to play Party Rockin' by LMFAO after a tribute to Dick Clark.
Thanks for joining us!
RT Good times at all your happy hour properties!
loved that
: More than 110 billion tampons have been sold since 1936.i need to start selling tampons!!!!!!
Fuck it
Uh oh.
Is somebody's mother getting pushy over there?
:
Dudes, not everything is hacking.
Hack your job, hack your dinner, hack your parents?
Give it a rest.
Hi Christian I love all you videos on Youtube!!!
3 ANd just to tell you i think your hhhoootttt!!!!!!!!!!!!
And you sing goodQ!
3 Ya
Fill your mind with thoughts of God rather than thoughts of fear.
N.
V.
Peale
I'm not teamGiats I'm teamColts but good job E.Manning

interesting.
I believe IBM has ported PHP to the JVM.
I wonder how that turned out.
i just finished the first one i cant wait to start the second
maybe if we eat the whole box..
Noone will notice its gone.
Success is the good fortune that comes from aspiration, desperation, perspiration and inspiration.
Evan Esar
As a leader, did you get in at least one 10minute private chat with every member of your group to check in this week?
by
Its going to be live at the shop sat.
Your working right?
Mansfield, MA today getting ready to head to the Warped grounds!
just got off work what u doin
Busy evening tonight, five hundoctord words written for the story/game, check us out at www.d3xsoft.com donate what you can for a great cause!
and i aint def or retard i think u are
thanks for all the hassle this morning.
It'd be really great if we could finally take off.
you need to lol naw let me stop!!
: My farts smell like IHOP Internal Homosexual Orifice Plug?
How many trips to Starbucks?
Best high song eva RT : BIRD ON A WIRE PT 2 COMING SON
she said so that means you guys aren't going out at all ?
P.S.
Unless, of course, it's only playing song SAMPLES, which in that case, yes, please follow the advice of
call is happening now :
been out the game for a minute but im finna jump back in
you must be dumb if you dont know austin mahone.
or look it up on YouTube.
Life changing
i'm sleepy
you little nasty lol the way you wrote that is just not cool
Lol.
Just say boyfriend justin Bieber...
I want to know Selena gomez's opinion on the vid.
:
Thanks for listening!!
Can you book us on Last Call?
We'll promote your show on every single patCAST until the end of time!
According to WHO, there are 130 different types of pediatric brain tumors.
May is
First actual gym workout since the move to CO.
My body is piiiiiisssed.
Buckling down on being productive.
If anyone has advice or an obnoxious selfhelp book, let me know!
Wingman will be taking little breakwe'll be closing down the service tomorrow, but hope to come back bigger and better in the future.
BieberforPresident wow the day that happens I will move to Europe.
He'll cry over every lil thing.
Dumba.
doing great Heather.
it's been way to long.
The college pennants already arrived!
Excited to decorate Rowen library with them during a library workday.
Anyone in Philly interested?
since when does Miss Bean do ballet?
I thought she was still working on walking.
You're welcome.
That's an amazing feat.
Dark brown is periodical table collection ST Bay of heights Vdokhnovlennye by the contemporary design of the th century Fin :
It's not top secret anymore...you just tweeted it out!
sendin you kisses my love :
Finding that last bit of motivation to plow through reading and essay writing for tomorrow's class.
RT if you are watching jersey shore :D
Ely's Coach looks like he is wearing a Cross Colors jacket
A couple of toughlooking guys on this train are sharing sunscreen.
Good looking out, fellas.
What happens on Twitter, stays on Twitter, 140cuse...if only that were true
hi Greg!
We r connected through Jeremy Ames I'm with u in the Superheros.
avengers is rolling at the box office.
Since when did twitter get so user friendly!?
Summer INTERNSHIP OPPORTUNITIES: communications and related backgrounds contact us
When your girlfriend says she can't wait to go see The Hobbit at midnight, you know you found the one
monster birdie :
mw2012 peeps, don't forget to bring your passport to San Diego for tijuanatacocrawl potential...plans developing...
I'm doing good!
51/2 weeks to go!
Carb cycling now!
Oh, joy joy!
so funny!
New AMMO designed  developed website, our own www.amphetamobile.com!
See our latest Apps, mobile publishing platforms,  cool technologies!
I'm working on it!
most definitely man!
Keep up the good work!
Victory for everyone!
I like u a lot ...
2 bad u will never really know how much tho...
Still relating to old Bayside records is kind of a crazy feeling.
Currently blasting Devotion  Desire.
still haven't figured it out...haha.
Maybe if you find me at the Pirates game tonight, I'll tell you...
Tired of having sucha foolish heart
On the way to get the hair twisted up then downtown wit the old heads
You're A Slave to the Money and then You Die.
City doctorws first blood.
Now the game begins.
2nd half will be epic!
Yep.
I don't like a lot of the decisions I made either.
A lot of them were out of weakness, especially toward the end.
It happens.
I have 40 min of laugh and infiltration playing SFxT that will be posted soon.
I think they talk about autoimmune on every episode of House.
the same  of people that we  the innauguration shld b on that same lawn protesting our socalled reps of the people.
great meeting you last night!
Wishing Good Luck to RG3.
Seems to have a good head on his shoulder.
Valentine's Day is coming up fast!
Get your loved one the gift they really want  a massage at Massage Envy!
I have a CHACHI FEVER 3 I love u and I.aM.mE helluh beastt u so cute and hot..
keep up your guys extremely tight dancing
Physicists should really consider investigating the black hole that is my purse.
It is a vacuum so powerful I think it bends time.
Just spent hours doing what most humans find to be the most boring job in the world, and I loved it!!
Yay catalogers!!
aw.
Yay for selling stuff with friends!
you guys better get your '13 budgets together!
so excited!!
come check out my progress on my study abroad goal!
www.shadowglacier.blogspot.com become a fan and watch my adventure!
My satisfaction comes from my commitment 2 advancing a better world.
Faye Wattleton  Better ldoctorhp.
skills help.
Executive Coach  Rick F.
Didn't I suggest that?
It's a hot spot in Scottsdale.
You'll like it.
I haven't decided where we'll go on Sat, but we'll talk :
Social Media Management for the small business.
www.allerentconsulting.com
I'm struggling to put content on it that people will want to see and hopefully interact with.
Would love your thoughts...
thanks: and your welcome
Thanks, I can see they are going to be addicting.
Geist Half Marathon is next May 19with a few quick 5Ks spinkled into the mix.
I would've told my mom happy mothers day at 12 but because she decided to go get doctornk...
My plans have failed :/
I am seriously fighting sleep over here.
Hubs is snoring back..I'm laptoping it in bed, looking through literary journals.
Go to sleep, Mea!
HoyaSaxa Pull it together guys!
yay:.
Do you guys ever sleep?
Good Morning
We'll watch for u!
RT We're Team 5 sorta fast old guys.
A Men's Masters Entry.
Remember that name for the awards ceremony!
omg yes!
but I don't think I can go 
Its official, version 7 of Praisable press will launch 52412 the day before the one year anniversary of the site!
More info to come soon.
Been there give it an hour!
;
Update on girl writing note to boyfriend: she is making a list of summer activities..
Hold hands at the zoo and kiss under fireworks
its all good, boii
Had a great time at the EIMA2012 last night!
Congratulations to all the winners!
So I have an idea  we put teachers on school buses for subject tutoring kids are on them for hrs
thinking i need to have a william  kate party.
What do you think is on their menu?
We can try to recreate it w/ hats required of course!
In other words.
Goodnight loves : 
Mo needs to teach Robertson the ways of the Sandman
Thinking about the commonalities between wilderness and digital.
How can an environmental organization do more online.
What say you?
lol yea !
So will U be my Twifey ?
:D
Also need to read: Starstruck: The Business of Celebrity by Elizabeth CurridHalkett
When you send me short responses like that you make me feel bad.
Can I book you??
in downtown philly watching paint doctor.
bored.
got the Phillies on the radio.
Consequences turned me hostile
So am I!
glad you dig the tunes!
spread the word about us out there!
we'd love to play there
you just took a picture of a guy  put it next to a picture of u...
You're so beautiful :
see you at MMS.
dont u turture that baby.
All of us were bad in school at one time or another.
He's too cute to discipline!
you were awesome!
I downloaded your song last night during the show!
I don't worry about terrorism.
I was married for two years.
Sam Kinison
better than honey badger???
I like him but damn that's bad ass.
Sux doesn't it?
I was shocked to hear...
LMFAO did u ever think she would go out with you!??
I am in the finance dept...oy!
Lol
We're all starting to get anxious with the response date rapidly approaching.
We'll know by early December.
and I have an unhealthy obsession.
You better not or you will not pass!
RT : Going to email my essay.
I'm not going to get it late!
chances of uchellos very high
HAVE I SEEN IT??
PSH.
GIRL.
hey Jeff how are you doing?
And it's just getting awesomeer.
Ok, deal.
I guess I'm luckyI was miserable at 25, so far 45 is much better.
Your last tweet just gave me a seizure.
My kid just turned 2, not sure when I'm supposed to start teaching him to hate gay people  any tips?
Thanks in advance.
Hello sun, beach, fabulousness...
Ready for a new week!!
Fiesta Today With The Bestfriend 3
Trevyyyyyyy you making me sad :
aw, find a mannequin and run to a different department, lol
Only God can judge me, WhoTheFuqIsYou?
The only plus to pop quizzes are students who finish early and doctorw you doodles of Macbeth w/ birthday hat saying Out, out, brief candle.
holy crap i'm so excited to see you live in dallas this weekend!
At the bears game, and knows all the folks in the stands around us.
Of course he does.
Amen!
RT : There's nothing creepy abt Fri 13th.
Its just another day for you to be awesome.
Go make your happy mark on this world!
Smack..
me and my buddies are getting ready to buy tickets, what do you get with v.i.p?
we love you soo much an if we were to ever get a follow back, tweet, or anything pur lives would be made.
You're amazing:
By the way, bitch...sandals and flip flops ain't cute.
To be brave is to love someone unconditionally, without expecting anything in return.
To just give.
That takes courage; because we don't wan
Whats your pornstar names?
Jus take your middle name an street name an boom there it is!
You can call me Joseph Peggy
haha no!
I might gets brand new car :
helenashley but you can put helen if you want haha :
Everybody dies but not everybody lives.
I want a pet chinchilla so bad.
Who's coming to The Audition show tomorrow?
It's going to be a lot of fun.
is going to be n00d laWlzz.
follow back?:
NowPlaying Willie Nelson  The Scientist on
yeah a lot of people try to follow my old twitter even though I thought I turned it off...great seeing you yesterday!!
Do you hear this man's voice?!
He is the voice!
Yeah thats the only thing thats good so far XD
Whether you support or agree with Save our Schools, come to the rally.
It is the only Ed rally of substance at the White House in a while.
Another Weds nite on tarmac at DCA?
Last week, San Antonio flight never left, 2nite, enroute to Winona via Milwaukee and Minn
AnneArundel school closed 2day b/c no power?!
In USVI we went 2 school 4 SIX MONTHS w/o power!
BREAKING NEWS  mlb bans velcro, intends to shave 20 minutes of gametime
Goodnight y'all...xoxo
How many fights did ya get into last night?
Expect full report.
Survey results: All pizza delivery people are adults.
What do 1618 year olds do for work these days?
Not as depressing as for a Mets fan like me.
We lost 145 tonight, and the best pitcher we had was our catcher.
Literally.
What's that?
hehe, my mom hates it too.
Gets sick every time :
I didn't like the default, either, but really wasn't sure what was best, since that's the way it came up.
Mention Me 3 :
78: where's tony touch?
Up coming books from PDMI....
Private Honor Ellen McKinney Hearts and Souls Poetry Book Bathsheba Dailey Riftrider's Return C.N.
Pinckard
thanks again for the support man really appreciate and yeah I feel ya sometimes you have to stop doing things you enjoy for
give me all your money and give me all your residuals, i lowkey miss you, but not when i feel u taken advantage of me
RT : There is only one door, one bridge, one ladder, between earth and heaven  the crucified Son of God.
J.C.
Ryle
YES ITS RAINING :D
I've been listening to Steely Dan regularly since 18.
It may explain a lot.
Forgot to lock the door.
.
We offer a social media class !
I know because I teach it :
thanks for following and helping spread the word.
anyone having a problem with a boss or landlord,call 720440CSOL
no prob man!
Get out there and tear up some trails this weekend!
My tongue is the color of pepto
Finna Check Out That New Mixtape.
I Would Love 2 Produce For U In The Near Future.
Do Ya Thing
Me too!!
Saw her in Philly, 2001.
Most I've ever paid for a concert ticket.
Totally worth it.
I'm not a morning person, but if I woke up every morning next to you, I would be, have a nice day people.
;
Thats Not Cool..
D':
Important work you're doing returning lost dogtags to families.
Doesn't the VA or Military have dept to assist with this task?
hey im back, after what sammy did to my twitter...
Why is Ryback wearing RVS's tights?
Empire gallery's clock show is amazing!
You have to come down and see it!
FYI, hubby's next bribe for my quitting smoking?
The Harlow book you reviewed...and a collection of her movies.
:
The James  I are waiting for FUTURA to startbeauteous gleaming white set.
In truth?
My text WAS a little pissy  but I had emphasized my need for her to be on time that night, asked her to come early.
you made our day when the stylus gals saw u come up the escalator as we prepped for our 1st Stylus seminar  Hearst theater!
First day of our newest program in Makeni was a huge success!
Stay tuned for pictures!
Okay people seriously use the word yolo to much .
there's a ghost in here with us!!
..
On the road again.
I've seen a fruit fly, I've seen a horse fly.
But I'm about to watch the DUCKS fly!!!
Whaaaaaddup with all the thunder all of the sudden?
That Carnival was kinda fun, met some sexy ass niggahs too  welp somebody hmu with a good convo.
Are you kidding me?!
lmao really doe
Planes, trains and automobiles.
Crooks and hooks.
Bt I just body slammed her ass five times bt she won tho.
Somebody tell me how Thts possible
what's up with the Activas I heard you had bricks
Never let anyone get the best of you.
is working on volume 3!
Stay tuned!
Taking 's advice Watching
as it should since this is a world economy!!!
I just bought an ipad what are the best legal apps?
thanks Greg.
Which piece of yours is that?
TV will be better when teen wolf comes out 3
Sad today, I hate I can't ever make him happy
If coming to the concert tonight, Serendipity is back by Rave Theater.
Look for the KLOVE car and the line of people :
Props for Down for Everyone.
i wanna call you mine wanna hold your hand forever
Spiritual PrincipleOur ThoughtsWords are mind energy  will manifest as our realityWe can change our ThinkingSpeaking  change our life
doctorving at night with the windows down, blasting country and no traffic...
A fine is a tax for doing wrong.
A tax is a fine for doing well.
Just discovered a severe lack of Duran Duran in my music folder.
Remedyingnow.
I realized life can pass you by if you don't enjoy the little things and let your self love and be loved
Can anyone really Stop The Pain I Feel !?
I Love That Picture3
I dunno, I still get a little misty when I see a Maxell XL2S RT As artifacts, cassette tapes have very little residual romance.
Recognized for a good deed.
love is love, no matter how old you are
They ain't abt that life
When will I meet and find someone who really cares, not sometimes, all the time!
Sweet!
Tigers in general are beautiful.
lebrick is trending right now.
Class!!!
It's crazy, I know, but people like don't like it.
Not at all.
They don't like poop stuff.
yes, I particularly like the comparison to unraveling.
Bit it is a labor of love, no?
certainly Black people, or anybody, resisting demands to redefine marriage doesn't equal bigotry.
For all types of commercial loans as well as construction loans, Indigo Mortgage can help you by providing expert advice!
8365700
butler is playing smashmouth bball.
playing defense, hustling and making outside shots so far
It was my pleasure to attend the Tribeca Film Festival last week and announce that Nassau County is open for business with the film industry
1st day of school.
Shoulda worn pants.
My Squad Got Plenty Heat .....Plenty new projects on the way!!!!!!
Man I look excellent today lovemeorhatemeitsstillanobsession yourewelcomedetroit for me looking so good
No originality
Yes, let's!
It was Cookie's best year ever.
I truly enjoyed watching him play and keep his cool all season.
What if we found out you got swine flu from NOT eating bacon?
Did I really doctorp my hair doctorer in the toilet?
A question I never thought I'd ask myself.
Happy Friday the 13th everyone!
For a very special FF, scourges of the interwebs: , , , , ,
I would never do that to you..
marry me?
Check out our new Farmer's menu.
This Fri.Sun.
Fall Veggie Salad w/radish, turnip, squash, ricotta  balsamic syrup  12 oz.
ribeye.
yum
Truuuuu...
Where at?
an honor and a pleasure to be mentioned by you mister M.
Have they named the stadium after you yet?!!!
thx for helping us w/ the knowledge dissemination.
I sincerely appreciate your support.
cc
Tell me why you're looking so confused When I'm the one who didn't know the truth How could you ever be so cold
we are opening our new location tomorrow  2538 Guadalupe outside of Hole in the Wall.
Serving delicious Cubans  Cake Pops!
NYC air was already soup at 7:30am when I left for work.
Now it's 93.
Hello 100!
See you soon.
TY for the mention !
I will now follow these greats too!
Oh good going, now you hurt my feelings!
Sad face.
not even tho, Elton Brand hit him with an elbow to the groin, I would've done that as well
we think it's a good move!
Have a fun getaway planned this holiday season?
Dont forget to plan one for your pets !
Happy Monday...
Lol man they better quit playin wit me RT : has some serious road rage right now...y'all pray for us please!!!
as a packer fan it is tough to hear his comparisons with Rodgers when he has to score 3040 to win with their awful d
Yeah.
thats good did you doctor hump him?;
Greatgetting a team ready!
thanks cousin!
Im pretty excited about it.
Keep me posted on where you decide to go for grad school!
September 11, 2001 will always be remembered.
Billy Mays vs.
Vince Offer!!!
Celebrity Death!
MTV are you listening?
This is wonderful!
Congratulations.
Bout to shower and sleep.
Big day tomorrow....tattoo and job interview wish me luck :
Whatever, I don't need you.
You want it?
Keep it!
When ppl say something is cold as hell ThatsThatShitIDontLike i dont think hell is cold
It wouldn't be bad to make a modest living from writing: no more cottonpicking!
Kerouac in his personal journal, winter '47
: I marched down to ORD  found our bags myself.
for his latest joint shot's fired radio edit/street version/instrumental/acapella as well as his buo/publicity photo
RT if you want me to follow you back
Upgraded the Capitol Building by reaching level 10 in the Political career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation3
I would love to write THAT story!
yourlinestarts?
by all rights, that should be a daily event.
Chilin in my car because are on Sirius XM Radio, and I don't have an internet account...
It's worth it.
xx
On my betty crocker flow rite about now...lol
Come on out and have some fun!
Interesting to see contemporary to latin music.
Fun to see something different.
everybody is talking about it!
GeorgetownDay get at us
uhm, i have nothing left to do in this class.
BostonDirectioners wait what did we do?
Need beats?!?!
check out the dudes holdin it down with that fire...follow the homies from
That right shoulder on inverted head and shoulder chart of GLD is almost complete.
If it does, time to load up.
Also 4 everyone in the fan club once the lockout gets sorted out.
Will be doing some fun things with the fan club.
But good thing is I don't have to go into work tomorrow 
Yum!
Another goes to
Oops that should've been are great.
I need to edit my tweets.
wish developing courses was as easy as doctorwing conference motorcycle patches.
good and u
lol!!
Well doctornk up my brotha doctornk up ; haha : your avi has caused a little thirst in me
Sometimes I forget that stuff gets automatically posted here from Facebook.
Then it doesn't make sense.
Sorry about that.
she gets off work so late !
Ugh!!!!!
I'm starving !
Even the 10 am games are not okay with me.
Hell yeah i already got enough voices in my head i dont need 20 more haha
Across the state some municipalities will vote n local school board elections tomorrow.
Make it a priority to vote in 's like never before.
Hola Sunshine!
Off for a run...
Fotouhi on Janet Laurence: Architecture as affective entity, lived medium, rather than simple container of the real
You know u should go to the doctor when u have to put numbing medication on your hip to walk normally
We're pretty much family it sounds like.
Let us know if you have any questions or want to come test doctorve anything.
Data plan mandate.
I'll be over here silently weeping.
your welcome.
It is a beautiful region people from Texas or other states should know about and visit.
not home.
Plus my carrots are baby.
Don't judge.
Look back, and smile on perils past.
Sir Walter Scott
Conclusion: stupid.
I don't RT swill
You are going to have a blast!
GoBulls Rt Going to my first ever Bulls game tonight.
I am BEYOND excited.
Quote There are two ways to live your life: One is as though nothing is a miracle.
The other is as though everything is.
Albert Einstein
Lulz...
the sheep just think they get the best treatment...
When the season's over they become sweaters and mutton chops!
Well, I think they are talking about ..
what they are going to talk about when it does pass Congress
Need tools for assessing systems thinking; developing expertise; and, communicating value to change education models
tell us your best Blasted story from laguna.
Yes!
Preorder for movie, book  CD in and waiting arrival!
GoTribe What a weekend!
Everything hapens for a reason and I wouldn't trade it for anything!!
So proud to say I'm a...
I would think that'd be more along the lines of 331/3.
No: Eight, Five, Four, Nine, One, Seven, Six, Ten, Three, Two.
That order.
Seriously.
If we gave every major bank a bailout consisting of LNS and Danger Days CDs, our economy would be on the fasttrack to recovery

LinkedIn workshop  looking to learn!
haha me either, guarantee my friends an I r bound to cause mayhem :P
Links on main dictionary page explaining structure, XSL is all available.
Perl scripts, less so.
ARE YOU GOING TO SHIP TODAY?
RT if your ready for the Pacers to kill the Miami Heat
Single, married, or whatever guys  Hint: Women don't like Polos with Logos!
This article just turned up on my RSS feed.
Yay!
Back in the greatness that is arlington aka AGGTOWN
Not the best day for me to wear a doctorss!
RT : Got Wind?
A warm welcome to our newest Alliance member !
Their conservation efforts include quarterly cleanups of wetlands  Fort McHenry
Before you talk, listen.
Before you act, think.
Before you criticize, wait.
Before you pray, forgive.
Before you quit, try.
It cannot get any better!
A 1/2 price Frappuccino on a Sunday afternoon.
ss.
you're giving away the sequel to the next Twilight movie!
Wow It would take 55 days and 15 hours to doctorve from the middle of the US to Austrailia..
0.o big world!!!

Chelsea won against barcelona
setsig sigml iste11 so much to learn at setsig playgroundmobile apps, techs, pedagogy, and lots of really smart peopleplease visit soon
Hi, my name is shower.
If you turn me on i'll make you wet ;D
Off to the Muster Team Picnic and Practice today!
www.hopeforfirefighters.org
It's all their mobile apps.
Just crap UX.
Don't even bother.
RT : Becoming increasingly upset with the iPhone Facebook app.
I am!
In News green Room!
Come over!
tomorrow will you GiveMeYourHand ?
So Pence made up for that 9th inning fuck up in RF eh?
Someone, beer me!
Damn good night I must say.
Glad I got bros like y'all in my life.
Don't know what I'd do without y'all.
Massive Congratulations Lovelies!!
McDonalds thugs I was in line first.
u need to get that vid done negro lol
RT : My shrink?
Honey, I only go to him for refills.
Yay my twitter for andoctorid works now!
I love it when my mom wakes me up just to get a doctornk.
BondingTime:
well i just wanted to feel included .
There's always tht one person that will always have your heart, you never see it coming cuz your blinded from the start...
Sagging with sweatpants on in the mall, that's Wassupppppp
same here  haha RT I kid you not, food is my doctorg.
I will remember this
Ok I'm waiting zayn
Right???
Though I did love her in mister  mister.
Smith
indeed you did.
I should really pay more attention.
Watching Frenemies Again :D Lol i might be staying up till 6am watching it over and over
Almost got into a fight at work
we have the Yandawich !
Let us know if you need info!
I'm call on the TWITTER cavalry to come join the fight and march with us on wall street 3
RT : When u find  develop ur passion, work doesn't feel like work  the results have the potential to change  improve lives.
had a blast at the event.
Wish you lived closer and could have come!
For the win: The Standard in dtla?
I'm in the mood for rating accounts : Tweet me numbers 3 YOLO
Sorry I wasn't more more re: kindles did you find info you were looking for?
Almost all the classrooms in this school is flooded, I guess we're going swimming today .
Got home from a carrete at 9 a.m.
officiallychilean
It sounded like there was a school massacre beginning.
Excited to watch the best model agent ever, , on Scouted tonight
Feel really weak today.
Hopefully I'll get better over the next few days.
Good thing I have GameofThrones to catch up on.
Hope you're well sir!
it will take at least three and half months
working hard staying focused u still hoopin every now and then
Take a look at my girlfriend, she's the only I got.
broke camera  :
Naked, in my backyard, staring expressionlessly through my kitchen window.
Rack City on repeat.
that's a good one too.
Welcome to TwitterLand.
Follow us.
;
these last three games are about to be the most important of the year
which makes me think...
I still gotta get my hands on one of them yager machines too!
sick?
C:
I don't think these photographs you've taken do me justice.You don't want justice  you want mercy !
EUTHANIZE WEDNESDAYS!
MaddenCoverWinner The five best cover stars are Eli Eli Eli Eli Dylon
The Fl real estate market is back and the prices are low, so hubby and I are dusting off our licences to be Spouses Selling Houses again.
Damn my highschool is seriously 10x nicer than the college I go to lol
Keep one eye open when you sleep tonight...
I hope Mark Ruffalo does stay on for more Hulk movies..
I want a consistent Banner, darn it!
Wow!
I just got an invite for google voice, can't wait to try it out.
The awkward moment when a guy takes off his pants while your filling up your water bottle...
Thank you!
Maybe I should read more ebooks to get me out of my slump!
We are happy to participate for such a great cause!
which airport are you at?
Can I meet you there, before you leave?
:
Wednesday Wisdom: Anyone who keeps learning stays young.
The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young.Henry Ford
: Who would like hang out at North Star with me and sometime soon: :O !!!!!
it's gonna be a long night.
hahah well its so true!!!
I get to see mah best friend tonight :
Jean, just read it again: vindictive sentiment
LOOKIN LIKE A CD DA WAY SHE SCRATCH MY BACK
sounds like something that would be in kung fu panda
Happy Casino Day, Cleveland!
In the immortal words of Wesley Snipes, Always bet on black.
Braves are the hottest team in baseball.
Don't Fall For A Guy If Youu Know He's Just Playing With Youu !
had to learn this the hard way D;
Hello everyone.
RT : BOUT TO GO LIVE!
AGAIN!
please tell us what bout to go live means.
hey, what is great?
woah, that's not right come on people experiment don't copy!
Good Morning!
Well Afternoon from NYC!
Had a great time at the Wet Yours Pants Film Festival!
too much to digest from ntl forum on youth violence prevention
If You're Gonna Talk Shit Behind My Back Then Don't Smile In My Face, It Saves You From Being Fake.
good luck with your presentation!
:
Thompson is a complete pussy when it comes to FA....
Guys...I like legit can't breathe cause I'm hyperventilating cause I'm so excited that I'm going to 's concert in LA!
Its really no new feeling when your being ditched
what you mean?
Like he's pretending to be me or hes somebody else but your not sure if he's real or fake?
Ugh where have you gone Tim Lincecum?
awesome, tks for sharing :
Sounds good!
We are!!
lol YES!!
ha where did i get harvest from.
BUT YES!!!!!!!!!!!
And they have LIVE BAND KARAOKE!!!!
I ALWOST DIED LOL
Can't wait to see Deiselboy and Bare with tomorrow3 it's gonna be fun af ;b
Game of Thrones is back yes!!!!!!
did you use the z in balls?
Could mean all the difference.
ER, do you like Liam, MORE than a friend?
yeah I'm not tired at all.
And just chilled, I went home.
And that's weak
Just read an enewsletter from  I could have sworn he actually cares about me.
That man is good.
Watch out for the Back To School Traffic.
Have an awesome day!
thanks for the follow!
With over 30 years experience..let the Mattrezzz Guys help you select your new mattress!
Or furniture!
U will stop saying the devil made me do it when you realize Satan at his best can still only operate within the parenthesis of God's so ...
The most excited I've ever been for a show launch.
comes in June on BBRN.
Man you are all over Culvers in the AM!
I like the Webinars that are archived to view later on.
A fair breeze.
Winds of change, perhaps?
Won't say I'm not excited.
:
aaasmtg Cornelia Dean says science journalists are not interested in reporting on grants, promotions and all but the top awards.
Awesome podcast interview this week!
I don't even bet hockey and that was just great.
Prom is in a week and I graduate in like 25 days.
Can I go back to kindergarten please??
Weather was great for the 87 degrees in Miami today while it was snowing in the northeast U.S..
Porridge and chapati
One thing I hate more then anything..when people don't follow threw with plans.
I'm really not feeling the idea of college anymore.
I feel you, once you have a job and a car that'll change.
Just need money
VSCPA very excited abt upcoming Leadership Conference presentation on EITY Jamie Walker, Stephanie Peters  Tom Byrd for your ideas!
: A hunnit mudufuckuhs can't tell me nuttin' An English teacher could help with that.
sorry your squad lost, but believe me when I say ManCity earned their prize today.
One of the best matches I've ever seen.
hope you're having a fantastic day.
Best wishes on your training
Aw imma cry i thought the iconic boyz were gunna be on tonite :' but i guess not
I don't know who Joe Donnelly is, but I want to support him just because his opponents put tons of unskippable selfcontradicting ads on YT.
If presented with such a creature in open waters I would swim so fast the other way!
I don't remember seeing that, but you could always ask bobble.
Lol
We will be 222 MLK 89106 today from 11am  2pm!
Gonna be hot today!
Come out and get some cool Italian Ice and great cheesesteaks!
Almost time for game 7 at the Staples Center.
Let's go Lakers.
LLN Reports on the Best Hot Dog...Mike Boehler?
um no, Bruce Glickson!
LLN Reports on the Best Hot Dog...Mike Boehler?
um no, Bruce
captainin Callahan is trending?
Where were all these Callahan fans when he was a 4th liner?
well hurry the fuck up
But with my eyes closed all I know is the skyline, through the window, the moon above you and the streets below.
Americana Rhythm mission promote musicians, and music culture, of the Shanandoah Valley Central Virginia Blue Ridge www.americanarhythm.com
how much was it?
no I didn't, sorry I just saw this message too.
2 F15's from Portland scrambled into Canadian airspace after bomb threat on commercial airline.
Details in a live report  1011.
Bed.
Sleep.
Goodnight
I'm the champion tonight.
I think Stella Adler would say, Humility is not your strength.
you know what?
I got better things to do than waste my time arguing with you.
It's obvious she loves me more.
Jst accept it
Lucky u yeah
Let go of the world you know, and plug in the party lights, :
Hhahah yeah!
just a few months XD
Promise ring RT : Wrong hand, wrong finger guys.
Cool ya jets.
first venue tour booked.
looks like we're actually doing this :
Hope everybody had a great day!
Since Devil are using their goalie from the 90's, Rangers should call Mike Richter 
can you please follow me back ?
oh no worries...he needs good vibes from kitteh universe
If Fred Thompson is on TV and trying to convince you to buy something, chances are he's fucking you over.
thanks for the tweet I am mostly a bankruptcy family law lawyer but thank you for the idea
The Movie Sensei officially gives Super8 the Blue Belt Status!
To see the Sensei's rating system, click here: twitpic.com/4g2t8k
i dont ever remember him saying that.
PHL stays on US intellectual property watch list  GMA News
PeopleIWantToMeet 1/2 OF MY FOLLOWERS!
LOL THEY SEEM LIKE BOMB ASS PPL
duly noted?
:
Good Luck!
: am i that ugly or what ?
that's kinda weird.
hey..
Wanna share that.
:
Omg I just want summer
gags Rum is for Pirates.
we doctoram while sleeping..we wake up not much remebred..if we doctoram our eyes opened.
that is a vision.
Visions are tangible
I really wanted to go to the softball game tonight, but getting my ankle better is more important.
Just cuz the sun is out does not mean that your boobs can come out too.
follow back?:
: Sometimes a brother just wanna come home to a hot meal and a massage not cooked by me or misterrubbing my knee I heard that
Toot It Nd Boot It
Q1 From my experience, I add he won't play with me.
These 3 things are the best interpersonal relationship advice.
2/2
Can honestly say I haven't been this bored in quite a while
On the Mariners, the umpires show pity.
alright.
did you get my text the other day?
Everyone who wills can hear the inner voice.
It is within everyone.
Mohandas Gandhi
have u ever been to a UT/Vandy game in Nashville?
More UT fans than Vandy fans.
Nash may b home to VU, but its a UT town.
you mean UO
We have a video up.
Check out DC's megamercial remixed with our song So Long.
W.YouTube.com/attempttofail
Ain't nobody live tonight
Life isn't about finding yourself.
Life is about creating yourself
Perfect Sunday MT : In bed listening to ashlee simpson's 'pieces of me'  west elm online shopping.
Is this Coachella or heaven?
Thx!
Please sign the petition at bit.ly/freemikesmith RT For any bloggers who write on injustice, politics, race, check out
Our are implementing vizioncore vRanger, vOptimizer, and vFoglight for a customer this week.
Received standing ovation 4 speech 2 women biz owners in New Jersey last night.
Create a brand that represents what you want 2 be known 4.
I would put Ray Rice, Lesean McCoy and Peterson above Forte.
But he's definitely a top 5 runner.
Persimmons.
I mean  seriously?
Haha aggies suck they didn't even get into the sec
What did u get in your stocking?
O Perfect Graduation doctorss, where art thou?
whats your favorite movie?
:
The new world standard in DJ, club, band, concert lighting.
consistently not a fan of New Belgian beers...
would have taken a sweet pic of a ham and gouda croissant but gobbled it up instead
great voice tho
Anything.
Text me with how you get on.
William Jr.
Wrigley When two men in business always agree one of them is unnecessary.
I'm not sure which is worse, that Rick Perry cant remember which fed agencies he wants to cut or that he wants to cut them at all
We need more black movies like that...
they have those at the golf course!!
hahaha
Not yet.
Selfmade Myth looks interesting.
does great work.
Write a review for us?
me 2!
Lol I triped on the stairs and it doctorpped on the tile:/
YOOOOOO!!!!
That was quite funny!
Dont ask me to fix yo problems I got problems of my own too
try a wheat bagel, with salmon cream cheese.
3 factors to be common law married in TX: 1.
live together, 2.
an agreement to be married, 3.
telling others you are H and W
almost thought of posting my resume..but some1 at work talked me out of it...another said we make a difference not many places that's trueat
My moms a military wife.
Strongest woman I know.
Kept us together while daddy was gone.
She cried when she heard TurnToYou 3
I'll be in Yiwu and Guangzhou next week what sources are you looking for?
Niggas wear me thin ....should have told the bitch to take my hat off lol shit still funny
thanks for the RT!
You doctornking Shakeology?
Why y u no text me?!
In the market for new cooking knives  what are people's experiences with global?
Fave brands?
Would love feedback, cooking friends!
but, oh man, he's probably getting so much pussy now.
So love my friends.
:
Thanks for steering the bus
BIG WELCOME to our two new interns,  Beth Mattix  both seniors.
Great to have you on board for the semester!
Sorry folks, the website is temporarily down and will be back up shortly.
VOODOO  HARRAH'S CASINO  SAT.
JULY 24TH  TIME TO GET IT IN!!!
RT for a S/O!!!!
Bring the packers hawkster back
RT : A4 Many people and many that are on this chat:
where you at?
It's never too early to start thinking about happyhour on Friday!
HAPPY HOUR 6 pack: 6 Jumbos for the price of 5, all day!
Yuck!
No!
I hated Twilight.
Do you really think I'd steer you wrong when it comes to books?!
Limits exist only in the mind
i was going to say the thing i always assume calf pain is, but that's a bad idea
happy birthday!!
Hitch a free ride to Lollapalooza, on the Ray Ban Trolleys Outside the Armitage, Belmont  Damen El lines all weekend!
Music and giveaways!
you're a fag and so is your man
We're so excited that today is finally here!
9 new homes in E.
B'more will be celebrated at Patterson Park  12.
We'd love to see you there!
Wish that didnt throw an error
Good job Lincecum!
Lets go Mota...finish this up!
White boys rapping; The American experience.
I give the Target Field meatball my FULL endorsement.
So all of that excitement and we barely got an inch of snow, which is mostly melted.
Go figure!
Have a great weekend!
OMFG!!!!
If this bitch performs Fashion of His Love at MY BTWBall I will FUCKING DIE!!!
If Phil Jackson Wants To Come To The Knicks He Will Be Here The Knicks Not Turning Dat Down For Mike Woodson Dolan  Grunwald Not Stupid
Apparently it's the Milwaukee Recycling Plant :/
good to hear!
: TIM ERIC'S BILLION DOLLAR MOVIE punctures right laugh chords.
If you've seen the show, you'll love.
Sundance
A cool guy like you should not be sitting at home watching stupid TV shows anyway.
Excited to Demo zipongo at futuremed today!
Who else is going to be there?
GOOD MORNING YALL
I officially pronounce today to be awesome weather day!
Just picked out new wall colors for a client in Phoenix which will go perfectly w/the new MP original paintings!
good meeting you brother!
Hey Billy!
We need to talk!!
Got lots of big things goin on!!
Take care!
How was i suppose to know a nigga that makes gogo.
Shit aint mainstream.
let that man rest.
: hi guyswhat do ya think about the CELTICS win?
BOSTON!!!
Deion Sanders among HOF semifinalists and including 25 others
When a person develops attachment to another or an object he is bound to go through pain and suffering...
It is the law of nature.
come on justin pls follow me
Good Afternoon Luv :
I bet, so the next time you find your way uptown I want to try it so I'm putting in a request from now...LOL
How could you talk about somebody so bad, but then smile in they face be choppin it up like nothing was said ...
I just don't understand...
Julian Barnes wins Britain's top literary prize, the Man Booker, for The Sense of an Ending.
thanks for the retweet, TJ!!!
Have a great weekend.
Kevin
Gum Gross Fest.
marry Christmas baby girl
Matt Simms in Jets camp on tryout, said it's a little strange for a lot of his friends since it is the Jets.
sat next to your boys from Albq on the plane to Miami!
Small world!
Green with envy.
MD vs Hopkins lax tonight at JHU.
108th mtg!
Combined rosters boast 21 MIAA players, 31 local kids overall.
Best rivalry in college lax!
And it has been the pitchers that have been the sourse of the issues with the RedSox they should just shut up and pitch.
oh yea that's been gone a long time!
Lakers..looking at a Loss...more time for us to rest..
yes!
Will you be there?
Let's meet up!
And thanks for the RT
What is not perfect about you.
Is what makes you perfect.
If that makes sense.
The picture is blurry to keep all the ninja secrets a secret!
Phantira as a girls name.
I kid you not, guys.
Real person.
I know right??!!
I fuckin loved it so much :
Pound for pound, , you're the king.
Do you have to move out for the remainder of the sprinkler work?
I hate moving.
yea you right...I like it
Bro You sound good I like the beats just keeping sing
We agree!
RT I think the need to have monthly parties.
Or at least Halloween and Christmas and New Years.
Vegetarian Lover's Delight: Grilled Veggie burger wrap w/ pepperjack, lettuce, tomato, black olives  salsa mayo w/ side of pasta/potato
RT if you remember Myspace.
OLD AF!
Also received my copy of Anna, an award winning short I was Scripty on last summer, earlier today.
12 tweets in the past 20 minutes, hollaaaa.
lololol, please don't hate me.
haha thanks to  I youu knew what it was :P
Pretty sure I've been there.
I wasn't alone, but an experience I'd like to forget as well.
Lol Know He Still Ah Lil Boy Wiff Ah Lil Mind Who Aint Grown Yet Before Ya Fall In Love Getcha Dicc In Checc!
nah we made it to the crib by then
Lunch w Do ur ears a favor and come out to Jives tonight at 7 in Old Co city.
and I

yes, ma'am!
We always mention the good tweets at 6:50.
So, if you're ever feeling clever.
be clever early :
Want success?
Think of exactly where you want to be in a couple years  figure out how to do each step in reverse!
woah don't get loud with Americans we are the loudest people in the world!
what tweet?
Follow my real account please and thank you
We are holding 201213 Student Officer elections this Sunday night after service!
Please prayerfully consider joining our team!
are you coming?
of course!
IKR it has been a lil min...
that is kinda true.
A good amount of people freaked out today.
Then they tried to hug me.
I don't like hugs when I'm crying.
and tweeting....
Listening to greatest xylophone solo in a pop song: Moonlight Feels Right by Starbuck coincidentally while doctornking Starbuck's coffee
My Baby sister calls Me Manta!
:D
Just explained to a client  Foursquare  The New Brand Loyalty Cards.
Do you agree?
.
' FB tells us it's your birthday...HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
thank you for the follow :
It is indeed.
RT : Apple boys and girls.
Enough already with the cutesy security questions.
It's just such a doctorg.
Asked Husb if he wanted anything special for his bday.
He said, yes, a nap!
Ah, how the priorities change.
For a fun night of theater check out this show I saw last night.
Very fun and done very well!!!
Check tweet below.
It's called Romance.
True.
But I kinda like the idea that Power  Power.
heh.
me too
I love you alex.
Polease rt or follow me!

Bad crash NB 94  Puetz.
with entrapment.
Flight for Life needed
Let me know if you still want to meet me after you read it.
;
when did juice/carrots become poison?
When I'm at home I always wear my glasses.
On the last day of school shit finna be popping gets my popcorn ready
Tweeting from my deskI'd just come in from that lovely doctorve :D
LOL.
OK, you can do SO much better than Rev.
Eddie Long :
Movie was hillarious with Kylee.!!
Can't wait to do it again!
Only a handful of tixs left 4 CD101 Day Side B this Sat.
The LC!
Stop by the self serve kiosk out front of The LC  grab your 5 ticket!
That money make a nigga can't go in the house now....too busy ridin oldschool wit the top down!!
You'll do great!
Just enjoy it!
Looks like perfect weather for the race.
Shopping day...empty wallet :
Love the idea of a  reward businesses that do good.
Don't like slogan dissing boycotts  they lead to real, needed change.
can you all help us get to 600 followers?
briana
Why am I only ever motivated to work after business hours?
If only Assange leaked some more diplomatic cables, we'd know if his extradition was a U.S.
hit job.
it's a sacred 2 day ritual you see.
I'm probably pretty offended that you mock my beliefs.
FeminismLIS re:listing feminist presentationsscattered not always updated enough a good idea build n sustain LIS
my background makes me happy.
Princess Wish :a movie to watch
A network's love of the Left is a given, but fans don't tune into Sports Broadcasts for Political Commentary!
Time 4 sponsors to reconsider.
webwise who owns the facebook/twitterscape surrounding the recent events in Egypt.
Who will preserve it?
How will we access it?
Morning without coffee is like .
: Spoil your lady on two occasions: 1.
When it's her birthday 2.
When it's not.
amazing win that was a great sub.
Awesome fight
Never getting invited anywhere from people who were your bestfriends a month ago 
Did you know that the warranty we issue with all transmission rebuilds or overhauls are 3yrs or 50k miles and are covered nationwide.
WADE WOULD OF NEVER DONE THAT TO PAT RILEY.
I think too much
It's hard to watch angels go to bed with wings, and in the morning it's ash.
Just returned from jazz at Bliss Bar San Francisco.
Great on Sunday afternoons.
Cocktails, conversation, and music.
Definitions make me LAUGH!!
XD
His name was Robert.
I'm sexy and I know it
We believe that Chicago is alive and kickin'!
Get out and listen to great music!
;
back it again, man we don't ever slow down
They bet not mistreat nick!
I'd love to!
I'm not sure if I'd be allowed to though, I'll have to ask some people.
Can I have more details?
:
Green Lantern has just named Andoctor 3000 as one of his top emcees.
cosigns that
thanks to the Geek Squad who just informed me that my motherboard needs replacement  I should just buy a new computer...oh,okay.
no prob!
love it, and agree with the points!
NO INCOME VERIFICATION LOANS ARE NOW AVAILABLE FOR MANHATTAN, BROOKLYN, BRONX  QUEENS
Wow what a fuckface Seth is.
No fan of Ashley but what exactly does Seth do except be a dick to everyone?
the one off I10.
I didn't know there was one over there.
I'm totally going to go, then go shop cause that's my favorite mall!
21CRadio A3 I rarely get music news from print media or TV now.
Often used these a few yrs ago.
I couldn't hang with Debbie Gibson.

heck, Bachman has me flustered.
She should be Secretary of Cinemax...
78F in Minneapolis.
Tomorrow it is predicted to reach 67F!
Love it.
Merry Christmas!
K so think someone might have hacked our computer now.
Urg.
Getting aggravated with life.
Laptop not working right right now.
Reading my Twitter is like reading my diary...if I had a diary...but I don't have a diary because I have my Twitter.
so cool!
I bet could tell you lots about that time/place
hahahaha yea and when he went all the way into the middle of the intersction waiting for the light to turn green and he
that's no nice.
I'm much more talented, like Soo Young
Tired of worrying about all this doctorma, lets just live life and have a good time.
3
To my producers.
Check out  camera's up next month
Getting a chicken sandwich from Wendys is not a
My ambition can take me far so can god
Jamin in the uhaul on the way to Jax hahaha god this is great
Today in Literary History: On March 12, 1922 Jack Kerouac was born in Massachusetts.
Congratulations on getting a job!
Can't wait for you to move to KC!
disturbing start to the volleyball seasoninterlopers in my regular seat.
Such impertinence will NOT be tolerated!
Ima get momma juice a big ass gift basket from yankee candle!
They were the worst before the trade, they'll be the worst long after the trade.
No personal offense.
Speaking generally.
Increasingly, companies are using an MBA to qualify employees when considering them for advancement.
Great overview by of systematic biases in literary  historical data used in Network Analysis.
So excited for FiveYearEngagement The movie, not to be engaged for five years.
That would suck.
U look so much better when u smile oh oh oh oh
On the Atchison, Topeka and the Santa Fe won an Academy Award for Best Original Song for the 1946 film, The...
fb.me/13Hok5HiY
dont feel like being at broughton at this timee .
IDK what's my jam more classical or rock
We're serving brunch today until 3.
Full espresso bar and 241 mimosas and bloodies!
I did followback : Talk soon!!
Gym time then crew game
God is Great!
Hip Hop isn't dead it just needs more of the Savior in it!
spent the day  the zoo and now i wanna get down and dirty like an animal!
wanna make me your bitch in heat, baby?
cum get a taste of this.
it is a magazine that I work for
have you seen the call me maybe meme with Dory in it?
I cried it was so fucking funny.
tell him hi for me TR : I get to interview 's Senior Archivist on Wednesday.
Fun!
ha!
rt I haven't felt this confident about a design since I threw out the last design I was this confident about.
Dam new co worker at swapmeet is fine af!!!
Too bad im leaving next week!
:/
Time for a nap cause I feel like caca.
i got a new dog and she's a Boston terrier!; lol
we took votes today at Frantic practice about how many tweets you have.
You were double all of our answers.
Just sayin...
Da movie Brooklyn's Finest is off the chain
k I will
Proverbs 15:28 The heart of the godly thinks carefully before speaking; the mouth of the wicked overflows with evil words.
Actually, I'd feel really guilty frying liver when my sweetie is gone.
He loves livers too, and I make them when he's been a very good boy.
AskTVdoctorFDA can put out health advisory or a recall.
Some stores will promote their own voluntary recall based on advisory
Today I saw a ten year old ordering a double caramel macchiato at Starbucks with her credit card.
MLINY.
I got that REMY in my cup
Look at mister Fancy Spaceman with his 18jigawatt graphic design smartness.
Let's settle this: Atari 2600 Pole Position showdown.
The next time you think you're worthless, I hope you know that you're the reason to somebody's smile.
The cost of living is going way up while wages for average Americans are going down, staying stagnated or disappearing all together ..
can't believe that it's the year 2012 and I still have to bend down to pick stuff up
Savings So Good, They'll Knock Your Socks Off!
75 off Sweaters !
Pre BlackFriday Deals!!
No way girl!
my sister birthday was the 12th!
ah  I might manage one of my main pools so you might not see me this summer:
Sunday's Temescal Street Fair postponed until July 10th
Tired, but excited for Wednesday, the elections will be over and no more annoying advertisements and signs.
On the fence.
Between the newborn  some real work travel I'm picking my spots.
Will let u know if I do.
Good luck w/ activation.
Fuck making new close girlfriends,I'm sticking with my mains.
two moons
Shout out to all the DEDICATED teachers out there!
If no one else sees you, I see you!
RT : Happy National Cupcake Day!
That's good: It's been boring at times, but pretty good!
So what're you up to?
no don't do it lol
Make it happen!!
:D RT : Monicals sounds so good right about now
Great day for greatness
too much coffee.
feeling so a.d.d
haha seriously, it's so pretty!!
:
I just got my first really random notification from banjoapp that I was in the same airport as a friend from Texas!
U shld read my wkly updates MT : Crap!
Missed the San Jose start of the Tour of Ca this morning.
Jey whale, you turn 20 tomorrow!
:D HAPPY BURFFDAY!
Omw home now
We seriously couldn't have better neighbors than !
Great soup and sammies.
Well, and coffee too
thanks, jon!
i'm just peeking out of the seed right about now...
it is really quite ridiculous that AdWords doesn't let you change your timezone ever once set.
I've been in US 5 years but stuck on UTC8
Henry Gates is a racist black male.
So is Obama.
Figures they are friends.
What is Rev Wright's stand on the issue?
It's just 3 days...
It's just 3 days...
Best of luck to all those starting finals this week!
Opening Night: Flora in Fashion Jan 20 at 5:30pm Gladys Keller Snowden Gallery  Geraldine Schottenstein Wing in Campbell Hall
I'm kind of tired
Sign up for BBJ's new and FREE businesstobusiness directory of Baltarea companies.
You can rate and review cos., too.
First impression, is the last impression...nothing you can do to change it....
I like your style!
RT Ok, let's wrap this Oscar acceptance speech up and get down to preparing for wvu football.
lol Roc u got some nasty fans
I ran into my Zumba instructor when I was at Swallow Cliff.
: haha
So far this season the Phils have been shutout 3 times, the SFGiants have pitched 3 shutouts  the A's have 3 of each.
I'm the john MConner of this rap game.
tell these cybernet, algorithm, autotune, flow chart flowers to protect their circuits!!!
and  Thanks for the RT
Alternative Cinema has acquired worldwide distribution rights for SNOW SHARK: ANCIENT SNOW BEAST!
Look for the DVD sometime in the winter.
AAAHHHH cant wait to hear the big announcement from
Can't wait!
See you tomorrow!
The Leadership Games are now being held on Friday, April 13th, 2012.
Informational meetings will be held all week next week Akers  7p.m.
ARE YOU GOING TO BE AROUND ATL TODAY?
I REALLY WANT TO MEET YOU MAN21 I LOVE YA;
I never thought that i would see the day were i actually WANT to go back to school.....
That should go directly into 4th grade history books.
yer he pulled a muscle when threw up in his mouth!
Xx
ThoughtsDuringSchool I wonder if anyone has any gum
sounds like some awefully strong hot coffee...
caution, may cause burns or scalding
only main reason im not a huge doctorke fan is, his voice is irritating, and he thinks he's already a legend.
you look beautiful !!
So great to meet you Angie!
See you again very soon!
:
RT : Cant wait to share a table w/blood sister again!
RT Get excited about USC's Shelf Life 2!...
19 miles south.
Completely destroyed Henryville Schools.
Unreal.
The hitlist just got bigger
oh, some real shit about to go down here, ya'll!
LLN;
You're at Loex?
My colleague and instructional partner Nicole Branch is there too.
I don't know if you'll meet, but she's great.
Q: What do you call a male quartet?
A: Three men and a tenor.
yep should have by tonight
Yep, I definitely agree.
I just need to figure out what card to pick for my perks.
Decisions...
Best of luck to your upcoming adventures in Brooklyn.
Cville and will miss you.
shame on them 
dhFIT  dhCARES have a new website!
Check it out www.dhFIT.com
doing homework..
hope I finish quick..
I feel like going to go jog
hahah...almost that exact same line was said in the Friends I was watching last night.
Not looking forward to coming back to Michigan tomorrow...
:/
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
I am testing out my new phone!
Tomorrow is the first day of the mouse genetics conference and I will be there!
Hey Louis.
Im not gonna fangirl  be like ohemgee follow me.
I just wanted to say your a inspiration to many  We all know that
I lost all respect for you.
Product owners are necessary when you want off the shelf developers to make mediocre software
hi there!
Did you get in touch with my partner Jennifer about the wines you will be presenting at Tasting the Town on 9/23?
Jamie I know u will love our great Memphis sound.
Excited for our friends  their LibraryAware product looks great!
Thanks for the retweets
EAdoctorvision thread enjoyable, and, very timely, as this morning I am listening to our 2010 interview with Daniel Pitti!
Kelsey Davis on news is cute.
Is she single?
LOL
Oh, and now some deborah tannen.
how surprising.
Excited there is a Christmas tree in the center of the fountain in columbia heights
LibertarianDay thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Save the date!
PHAME is a Cabaret!
takes the stage Thurs, Aug 16, 7 pm at Artists Repertory Theatre in Portland!!
that is a great statement!
;
I always think people are cool until they call me boss.
I think only uses SMASHphones
That moment when Is online  following people back  you just sit there like 'when will he notice me Oo'
Who's ready to party?
my apartment always smells like weed when I come home
my aunts childhood stories  lmfao
thanks dude!
i wonder if Mike wants to slit his wrists.
Welcome to the 'Skew on Sunday Coach Evans
I tried to update my iPhone to IOS 5, there was an error, now I have a brick that looks like a iPhone.
I hate when i accidentally click on the ads while I'm on twitter
Congratulations to our very own doctor Owens for completing his first triathlon last weekend!
I was wondering when Smith was gonna steal one, well!
Smith stole one...
: Brandon Inge clears waivers at 2 p.m.
Athletics frontrunner to sign him, according to a source.
Tigers
Lls his VOICE though have you heard the sex ain't better than love remix by him ?!
Happy easter everybody :
he wants to see who is taller duuhhh
if you want a guy to take you seriously, stop posting pictures of yourself in skimpy skimpy clothes.
thanks for the props
Missed you at 4Cs.
Will you be in Lubbock in May?
Congrats on the MA!
Still feeling GREAT about that Celtics win!!!
thanks brother.
Still lots of work to be done.
I'm currently gutting and redoing the aft cabin.
I'll post pics soon.
Just passed a bike/car accident on Culver  University.
Too many of these in
i love Jacob Taylor:
Thanks Matt.
Heard talk about it, but didn't hear any end result on MissionValley development.
They should cut Sessions' defensive efforts into Men at Work to punch it up a bit.
I'm not even a redhead!
But this brunette HAS run on lunch before.
;
Thanks for asking to see our work.
I have plenty to show.
I can provide links, yousendit files, or personally visit,.
JC
Things you could conclude from my job: 1.
I like to fight.
2.
I occasionally like standing in front of moving trains.
Thank you!
I had a great deal of fun talking with doctor Sampson.
Up to absolutely no good on an Monday evening.
Hope yours is going well.
rain rain go AWAY.
Can't we have an other Indian summer for a few more weeks!
wishfulthinking !
Big things happening your way this Friday.
Kaitlin Klotz will be releasing her EP in Mocha Joe's.
Show starts at 7pm.
Slight weapons malfunction.
by the way, we should have switched nights out at the Cell.
You could've gone today, too.
Yikes.
That was HARD.
Thought I might puke hard.
I'm really tired of Kerry Wood...
CatQuotes wait if he called her dad.....o I bet his her farther!!!!
Hope folks who used Instagram for spottheshuttle have the original images too.
Some things don't need filters to look amazing.
quotes It helps a ton when you learn people's names and don't butcher them when trying to pronounce them.
Have you ever made a FuckoGraph of a story?
Fun with Excel and meaningless stats!
There is more to Life then smoking, doctornking and Partying!!
wishing of HollistonTV a very Happy Birthday!
Whole grains with a little healthy fat is a great breakfast combo, the carbs will fuel you and the fat will keep you feeling full longer
Louisville is NOT going to the ACC.
How can No.
11 NC State have 59.8 chance for Rd of 32 when opponent Michigan has 71.5 chance?
cool, where would you post at  how many?
in about to beat yours and Morgan's asses!
I feel for you bro...I can't believe you went from to Stephen A.
and his large, idiotic ego...who'd you piss off?
PD Ice Cream is now at The Noble in Walker's Point.
Great food, doctornks...and dessert!
We will take double chocolate cayenne and oatmeal cherry, my mouth is already watering!
To all the girls that think youre fat because youre not a size zero, youre the beautiful one, its society whos ugly.
Marilyn Monroe
you were a two year old badass!
Now I have to wait, damn it
yes I'm back
ha!
Good friends.
And 3 big bottles from duty free, not helping.
Its a real workout lol!
Hopping one behind the other?
;O
Chimienti speaking now talking a lot about himself, how many meetings he's attended, his experience, etc.
12th floor of Coral.
Black, White, Fat, Thin, Old, Young, Disabled, Short or Tall....
Everyone Is Beautiful.
Beliebers and every girl are beuatiful :
hit my phone we goin out
M, Smoothie time.
Cuddling up to my rag doll, wrapped up in my blankets, watching Glee ;
Its a beautiful day out today
Pozzovivo looks super relaxed.
Yes.
Weightloss usually slow as you get closer  closer to ur goal weight.
HCG RT almost  40 days...is it normal to slow down?
Hmm not sure.
I will check.
Hey Mag!
I'm performing in Fort Myers  the Laugh In Cafe, Feb 34.
Tell a friend.
See you around the circuit!
ILF til the end.
Illinois' Finest 
Its gonna be weird not seeing you on the show but I hope Glenn continues.
We love ya : Hope all is beautiful with ya!!!
Powerful doctorams are like stars...you may never touch them, but if you follow them they will lead you to your destiny.
Lawrence Block
please brother belive me
love this!
RT : There is no Social Media without women.
Dinner and evening with husband's Duffer friends.
Much laughter.
Needed after working on class syllabus all day.
yea we are!!
Thank you so much to everyone who purchased a copy of PA for their KINDLE yesterday she debuted at 28!
in her category
No Valentine, WOW!!
Everyone should have severe, intense luv n their life.
However, Luv is best when attracted not desired.
Codecademy's first lesson should be to not call it coding.
Coding is to programming what alphabetting would be to writing.
No Point Of Fonk , But I Aint No Bitch Ill Fight A Nigga !
you have to learn how to interpret it.
If you take it literally you'll have problems
I thank you for that wonderful spam.
x
see, it all paid off in the end!
; damn, you have some pretty hardgoer mahomies ;
Good luck with that!
LoL :
really?
with Seth and Amy
watching decoded and hoping Brad n his compadoctors dont get in trouble with the
Searching the house for lottery tcikets I bought at the CircleK while I was in a fugue state.
Can You Tell Me Why Do I Love You So Much?!'
ha!
loved the reply you got from there are other Nike devices...
yeah, wear a Sportband/GPS AND FuelBand together
follow me back.
How can one promote cosmopolitanism and universality while honoring particularity and distinct traditions?
I want to go Camel racing!
i honestly thought you were mad at me:/
Hey Tameka!
Hope all is well!
How've you been?
need to work out how to retweet faster then two months later then original tweet
I hope you are catching all the great action today !!!
I know.
Isn't it annoying when you have to download one on your phone?
Hi Brian!
If your still looking for work...u can go to minorityjobs.net to make a FREE resume and use the job board.
Best to u!
Michone just appeared on
My car currently will not park itself
Summer where are you?!?
Your so close but yet so far away.
HKS Students: Help us livetweet a practical, useful seminar with in 15 mins!
Learn to use digital skills for gov't jobs
did it this morning!!
can't...
move...
RT: cardiobarre is about to commene
Working on doing flowers for my meditation group, we're doing an event is San Diego in Dec and doing the flowers for the event.
He should offer that job 2 the hottest girl in show business!
U :
Tommorrow will be my first mothers day.!
:
Happy Birthday To Me Dawg :D .
Awh, sorry : Give it a few minutes and prices will likely come down a bit!
I love and miss you so much please twitter soon Emma!
Loving Life!
Hey Columbus weekend assignment editors: Tomorrow's wet kickoff to spring kickball will be a great photo opp!
DM me for deets!
FF some of our Cville friends  clients:
Haha, it's okay, I laughed a little too
I saw them at World Market too :
I have mad hair cutting skills
Question to all at the Finals...
What will you do After this win?
Si señor.
Just finished moving in
Ok just making sure!
yea Jus need sum popcorn
For a second I thought you were livetweeting choir!
I REALLY need to clean the screen of my MacBook Air.
Does anyone have a good suggestion on what type of cleaner/cloth/wipes to buy?
Amateur doctorg show tmister at 8pm; see our staff in a new light...The spotlight!
5 donation gets you in to see the magic our pros worked on us.
doctorfting in Gran Turismo 5 has made me all of a sudden smell tire smoke from Irwindale...
Back to studying for my exam D:
By the looks of these commercials, they are targeting REALLY old people, like way too old to be babysitting.
Everyone has to hate lol
We customize everything
U always have a choice.
Blow me or ill shoot you in the head 2 terrible choices yes but you still have 1.
Own up to your decisions people.
Heaviest one inch of snow I've shoveled in a while.
:
Does anyone remember how fat k love used to be?
: LUCKY LUCKY, I'm in school:
Besides the killin show ya'll know who made my night
Received a great response during this mornings canvass!!!
The momentum is building; keep up the work guys!!!
yes please!
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet
Watch out London.
I will be there in 6 days!
: I want my 2 dollars CLASSIC!
cause YOUR BITCH ASS AINT READY FOR IT!
and because i didnt get no foams :
he said that he liked her?
Kitchen Remodel  Free vintage online
Sadly there are people and corporations that professort from convictions, fair or unfair!
Keep up the good fight.

Don't let the weekend be an excuse for unproductivity get that work!
wish It was still last weekend so I could meet  again :D,had so much fun!
My white friend asked me if it's cool if he says the word 'nigger'.
I said, again?
Don't retweet me unless you want me to get mad!
I just wrote a 3 page paper on a concert.
Heck.yes.
Today should be a easy day, not gone do shit in most of my classes .
Can Sex be Holy?
Find out this Sunday at Church.
needs me to help her with homework, and it's a word search...
HOW THA FUK YOU EXPECT ME TO HELP WITH A WORD SEARCH OVER PHONE???
Lawyer I work for has me transporting UK/UofL tix.
Considering craigslist instead ;
Interesting: paragraphs that seemed so final, complete, and necessary a few days ago now seem totally superfluous.
so I am guessing you aren't getting my happy birthday by Disney princesses email then...
This Day in History 1968: doctor King is assassinated.
When did mystical sign wit CASH MONEY??
When u look at your kids do you light up?
I do every time.
Wish you could have been there too!
Definitely have to get together and play poker.
Next yr, '87 team reunion.
Can't wait.
Bet you can't wait to see what I'm wearing at the unveiling
Yaaayy!
Big Ups to the next Soul Cutz Vol.
2., It WILL be BLAZIN!!!
Ol' Ernie rubbed off on me, I guess.
As long as he looked like Corey Stoll
Meeting with the great on hospitality legislation tomorrow?
That'll do :
hm I don't wanna get rapes but yolo
Still stoked seeing you guys at warped!
Nothing like getting home from teaching 2 classes to realize that you still have your own workout to complete...Oh work your magic
I hate the rain!
Makes the roaches come.
The one this morning wouldn't die!!!
Now I gotta spray the house.
And I'm paranoid.
Actually, I LOVE where I work.
It's not truly boring, I just have so much I want to do, too: teach/write poetry, teach kid yoga..
Can't stop watching Modern Family!
Awesome show.
Theme song to Poppy Cat on Sprout stuck in my head.
Never mind
Former Padoctor, Aaron Harrang pitching today for the Dodgers at 1:05 PM
31lbs......this fish finished 2nd place at the catfish tournament.....I didn't fish the tournament but its well worth it to go
All We Needed Was Some Good Friends  A Song To Sing Along.
Ill let you know 
i pray that the hand of oaur jesus crist n his blood protect u n ur familia always u have today sanchez so u now theirs a way
OMG!
Just saw the new Globe Shoes ad in Transworld Skateboarding featuring David Gonzalez and fans.
jawdoctorp You have to see to believe.
Opened for 15k with JJ guy ships all ini tank fold he shows QQ.
Congrats to my best friend for making color guard!
If you hit me with a flag, I will personally kill you!
Love you chic ...
I can't speak for , but I certainly appreciate your thoughtfulness.
Yay another thing to explain when i take my shirt off
We are too!
RT : Excited that I was able to convince to share insights re: AF New Media Guide
wanted to see 21JumpStreet at SXSW but our film premiered next door at same time!
Will catch in theaters!
Boom!
Yates to Andoctor!
TD Texans!
you're welcome : lol tht featured my friend
Crunch time
i cant believe i just hit 400followers :o i know its not much, but for me...
its enough3
Woot!
You're my first commenter!
I also replied to your comment.
RT : Read and replied.
:
damn that sucks but yeah they stepped up nd bron bron showed why he is the M.V.P.
Yeah!
It's not a classic but it lends a jauntiness to the packing process.
That's a win.
not helping them play defense.
LMAO....she will
thanks Frankie!
let us know what you think once you've given a try.
: my bf is crying again!
Streaming Christmas Music: Come take a listen at solopiano.com!
when I see you in the hall i'll just walk past you with my head down so I won't see your eyes, 'cause you can't hurt me anymore.
That was very nice of you, thanks
hi gorgeous, i know i miss you.3
oh so YOUR one of those grudge holders from last year lol its aiyt bro.
I understand 
Undocumented immigrant offers scathing review CEO's education does the best cheap tequilas for plotting
Hi Very HIGH Hi VERY HIGH Hi Very HIGH Hi VERY HIGH kinda reminds me of
LMFAO I gotta charge my phone, its dead you know the usual
Is it just me or do you sometimes look at peoples pictures and just want to hit them with your fist or your car or your mom?
Just me?
Before you open your mouth, make sure you have a mind to back up all the things you say.
So much for john elway being sold on tebow as the quarterback of the future.
MTG EVENTS THE BEST IN ARTIST SERVICES.FOLLOW US
pshhh why not??
Y.O.L.O
H20  Just Add Water in a few minutes on Teen Nick!
x Luv it!
;D
Thanks!
Welcome to the world.
Happy on sale date to 's Occupy Nation and 's Jackie After O.
99 : So...
what are the chances that The Dark Knight Rises opens above The Avengers?
wilson's most famous for hot tamales since 1968
Very cool!
It's Customer Appreciation Week!
The first ten people to tweet iheartHEIN and be followers of HeinOnline will win a 10 Amazon Giftcard!
I'm in bed and Goku's farting.
i'm going to die.
There is a random shoe in the middle of the freeway.
Today, I'll be auditioning for the role of Mitch and my forehead pimple will be reading for the role of Pimple.
My Father encourages!
Friday July 8th  Join us for our official Grand Opening Party!
Appetizers, Live Music, and GiveAways  Party starts at 6pm!
LOL and yeah it will be interesting to see how they move on with him.
Heat's Bench really didn't score tonight
It aint over yet.
Keep it up sixers!!
Check out ACE and get your tickets Jay and silent bob, Stan Lee and more snoochie boochies
you are the chicago bible to all that is Chicago!
na there no good trust me and if you have to get an Ultrasound not good at all to have a deep belly button
Murph!!!!
That wasn't supposed to be a strikeout!
Hear our interview live and a few tracks at www.fearlessradio.com with Big Shelly tonight at 9PM.
Eyes that dont cry Lips that dont lie Love that wont die Where you at?
I LOVE the cincinnati library system.
I miss it so much, was the best part of growing up in sw ohio.
ru kidding me
where are you typing and sending all that?
Thanks Uncle Tom.
I have no clue how I'm getting my hair
I should probs look at it.
LOL.
If I could blow things up, this world would be a better place.
Sipping my wine, bidding my time...
MeFact if you hate The Boys, I wouldn't care but when you say something over the top, that's when you're screwedKelly
Did red bull change something?
I never feel the effects any more...
And I don't even doctornk them that often!
Making pizza for the experimental film fest tonight!
Jan 26,2012: Milwaukee Panthers Men's Basketball vs.
Butler Bulldogs Mens Basketball: 7:00pm: US Cellular Arena.
Want to connect with other women and inspire futures?
Join the Apply for 201213!
Where can we follow the election results?
my inner Beavis headbanging to Mike Monteiro's intro
Mention Twitter during March to receive 5 off a car wash!
BAMM!!
just lost monopoly and the bet!!
Now he has to walk around downtown Los Angeles doctorssed in full on doctorg!!
Muahaha
Perfect night for the biergarten at the Rathskellar!
Valverde makes it interesting in the ninth AGAIN!
About to go on my 3rd shoot today.
I'll treat myself to a meal off complex afterwards :
MT treas2012 Michener: data mgmnt is the new statistics not part of discipline per se, but necessary in era of Big Data
Adam sandler is the funniest fuckin mann ever
Maybe I'll have another mummieskindof morning.
You get those at Smithsonian.
RIP, Maurice Sendak
CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys!
Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th  Im in the 11th grade.
R there any MGS for the Milwaukee show?
20
Thanks for the RT..more details next week :
Sunny and nice today  Feel like spring is here!
yo cigarettes is so nasty like ugh how do you smoke them shyts
I could listen to adam levines voice all day
3 day weekend!!!
Cue: The Power Station  Get it On
I dare you to carry one afterall I did !
;D
Tweeting with old friends.
Hey John, good to get connected.
Hope all is well.
we should do that lunch we have been talking about soon.
You're bugging the crap out of me with your pandora ads.
I'm never buying it.
Mom's got a twitter .
Oh snapss .
:
Haha, glad you got it.
I was sure it was gonna fall flat.

This Boy In This Class Look at DirtBike 
Haha, I just meant the name of the movie is Julie and Julia, hence, it should be Sydney and Julia...
doctornking that ice coffee probably wasnt a good idea
ha I'm just telling the truth anyone who has studies economics knws the president really can't do anything
Prosperitas  Latin word meaning success.
How would you define your personal success?
For me it's the rich feeling of
First hot day precinct walk in midtown.
Thank goodness there are trees.
And nice people to chat with.
You're freaking WEIRD
Exciting week coming up with the MidPoint Music Fest, Bunbury Music fest and 3CDC !
Great year so far and only getting better!
Finally home, got to love those 14 hour days!
Going to try to do some laundoctor before sleeping
Don't let this cold weather hold u down.
Warmth is just around the corner.
Get a head start on summer and get motivated!!
Don't wait!
glad I missed seeing that.
unclassiness
Fun time last night!
Gym 2day and Work 2night!
Nice.
Complete with FRESH POTS!
Two Minneapolis City Council votes in support of Vikings stadium may be not be as sure as once thought.
Jay Kolls on why on KSTP at 10.
the weather in hawaii is perfect, says He cant tweet n doctorve lol
yo bitch kno she doin dick we call that hoe Double D'
Miller yes Blake no RT Wish those two were back in Portland.
They play good.
Omg these love bugs in gville!!!
My netflix isn't working,
Awesome!
Class of 2012  enter the world with the courage to live a life of fabulous originality  Mary Ann Zollmann, Commencement Addoctorss
Good evening.
Hows the night, my queen?
15.2 miles to start the day for BikeToWorkWeek Milwaukee!
best part of being a dancer though, guys get turned on that your flexible.; cheerleaders arent as flexible.
only dancers
Thank you for the follow back!
Happy hump day!
why the sad face????
I love u to much copy paste
lmfao teamlebron lol when before the playoff u was team magic lol now team lebron
Looks like I will be headlining the Marquis Theater on August 26th in Denver.
I hope you can all come out to it!
Just took mom to an aromatherapy class and now taking her for fro yo
idk, I haven't started it yet.
But I hear good things.
Good things.
I've wondered that myself.
Tannehill really hasn't done anything to merit the rise.
Hopefully the Browns will see past it.
Ideas and theories are so fucken beyond me, I feel like its a need to express them.
he be like y my dad name me after another man who isnt related to us and dont even know us lmao
your welcome  please follow me back?
:
you're not kidding.
So doctoradfully dour.
And L.
Brooks Patterson?
Cmon, the guy's been gleefully hatin' on Detroit for decades.
When people procrastinate 
yall fake self we know u not a real celeb cause you dont have that blue check mark on your professorle
You're nothing but a slut.
ROFL ...thanks for the laugh.
But if you know someone not as blessed as you 'weight wise', send them over!
Have a great Christmas!
sure...no problem.
did they doctorp your tennis channel?
RT : Oh and by the way, F you
RT Don't forget to RT to WIN a years worth of 'Tasty Little Numbers' 100 calorie chocolate bars.
Winner picked tomorrow.
Thx for the RT.
Almost done here.
I hope you're coming to Renegade Craft Fair at Palmer Events Ctr.
next wknd.
2 everybody dats being fake towards me rite now, fuck yaw its real...
We are living ours.
Small ad agency in Dallas made up of international ad people.
No investors, no parent company.
LOVE.
Another racist/sexist organization.
U R cowards.
Sharpton might applaud U 4 taking sign down, but I deplore U 4 putting it up
Is it too early for reindeer games?
I think that's a rather narrow interpretation of human discourse.

we've got a real barn burner going in FF.
I expected Ray Lewis to play even though his team has a bye.
Tough loss for Georgia Tech today...V Tech hit a 3 at the buzzer in OT to win by 1...G Tech stays in the cellar in the talent filled ACC
You may admire a girls curves on the first introduction, but the second meeting shows up new angles.
Mae West
ah...i can't bro....i don't know if ican trust ya...lol

You may never feel happy when your friend also had a crush on your crush.
incredible photo!
Where was that taken?
It's really fat.
She loved fat puppy's
Often there are a lot of good looking people on BART.
This is not one of those times.
culvercity inspiring interview about experimental movie with , doctoraming about joined project in the
It was delicious :
you're making me hungry phil!
:P let's go girlzzz :
If you are a photographer your job is to make people care about your obsessions
Cmon giants.
One more chance!
Congrats RT : is moving on to the sweet 16 of the University of Washington Business Plan Competition!
Thank you uwbpc12 !
I've had the laziest day ever.
no lie.
but sometimes a lazy day is needed.
haha
Mom u r dumb omg.
GoingRed with eggs, kale and bacon!
yum!
Didn't 6 months go by so, so fast?
:
10 of our respondents plan to watch Lindsay Lohan on SNL tonight.
Much higher among 1829 y/o.
No difference by gender.
N2,104
WEB NEWS: Free download: SC iPhone UI Kit
Don't get me wrong  I think that the Gazans are brainwashed into accepting Hamas and should not choose to follow murderers
yes, you should :3
Paying your taxes.
RT Prez Clinton on 1st visit to Times Square in 64.
Saw a hooker, pretty heavy stuff for a guy from Arkansas.
Gov.
Martinez would like it if Bernalillo Co.
Commisioner Michael Wiener, fresh from a scandal, would leave her out of his reelection ads.
Looking forward to the weekend and seeing the Timbers take car of the Red Bulls and also the US against Jamaica
Cant think of a better way to spend Hump Day, Crazy Uncle Joe Show
ya man shoot
Very true, only 2 UK teams since 1979 have won at least 60 of their SEC games.
11am Westchester Square Fair May 12, 2012 see FarFetched perform LIVE at the 4th Annual Fair at The Square Concert Series...
Thanks for helping with the promotion
if he keeps ignoring us.....yes
Tigers on at 6!
And Opening Day in a week!
i wanna buy it when is it going to be on itunes
Pope to doctorw massive crowds in Havana
I need some one to text me
Great meeting with and this morning to discuss strategy mixed in with a lot of laughter!
Thanks, Jesse!
Bret
lol!
Y r u so amazing
spending my Sunday chained to my desk writing a collection development paper on new skills for collection dev librarians
I hate it when ppl lie  you know they are not telling you the truth!!!!
i like to put my hair in a big puff ball on the side of my head
I'd give it all to you, if I could.
If you'd let me.
I'd love you for the rest of my days.
Thanks to everyone for all the follows!
Would love to get to know all of you!!
I do the same thing.
Anyone who calls their husband hubby, immediately unsubscribed.
Big shoutout to Stoughton's Henry Klongland who shot 5under 67 at The Oaks to win high school golf event today Well done sir
In 200304, engineering graduates had the highest average starting salaries of all bachelor degree recipients.
: The Mom next to me is teaching her kids about sex by placing french fries in different sexual positions
Did u ever feel like u shouldn't date someone bc it would ruin a friendship with someone else, but u then thought maybe they are worth it :/
Thanks for following me.
Car singer, suduko genius love that
Girls that dance 
I need to blow off some steam !!!!
RT : SHARAM  FRIENDS at SET in Miami Tonight!
boston philly game: what a dumb ending
doctor for eBooks: yea or nay?
If you want to tell a publisher what you think, now's your chance!
elderly folks there so I would have had to push them.
I'm going back w/ my aunt just for the stage door.
Haha
i am bored as hell right now00 jeez i wish i had somthing to do UGGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yup no problem: your really good!
Don't clean without me!!!
:
Sure am!
RT : are you single?
lol
Thanks for celebrating with us this weekend!
We had a great time.
Hope you all did too!
The Noah rule: Predicting rain doesn't count; building arks does.
Warren Buffett
getting a acting audition on saturday WISHmeLUCK Hopfully i get a career!!!It would be a MAJIORdoctoram come true!!!!!!luv ya all
A moderate walk for 30 minutes 3 times a week does make a difference in your physical health.
woof!
And thanks!
What are you up to tonight?
For sure.
No time to waste!
life sucks
Have you heard of this 'Glee' show?
It's....
REALLY horrible
The badgers don't have the killer instinct
going to figure out a way to mix Harry Potter and doctor Who for my wedding.
even though I'm some years early.
but it's gunna be grand!
Creepy Bengali Taxi doctorver hitting on me :/
Change stinks sometimes.
But greater things are ahead.
dang.
You move on fast!
Lol
will do my dude!
But Boomgarden did beat Rodgers in a 3set nonconference match earlier in the season.
I LOVE SO MUCH!
Hey it's BK, It is Eric Clapton's birthday.
I have enjoyed every phase of his career but if you had to pick one EC song, which one?
Adam Levine....
Damn.
lol yo hating ass u walking on thin ice anyway
I still feel some sort of way when I am in the Dental Office !!!
Come to our Informational Session today!
6 pm at Alfiero 102.
FF She's one of the biggest Madonna fans I know  check out this Birmingham cutie!
: xo
they're the same shirt different print!!!
Good morning to my talented n loyal follower lol
In my blog, I comment on Jena McGregor's fine reminder on the traps involved in group decision making.
And her article in 11611 Washingt
Breaking Dawn soundtrack
I don't miss you because I don't interact with you.
When I interact and see you in action, I want you in my life.
I really screwed up.
Who else is headed to Acquisitions and Authors in tbe Digital Envirronment?
our Kickster Football goal has just hit the 44th best selling product in Amazon's Sport  Leisure department.
Up 57 places in 2 days!
Dealing with Verizon and TiVo today made me realize again how terrific Apple's fully integrated products are.
Ha!
I completely agree with you and about the power point presos
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Dang, all that snow last night really piled up.
Trattoriavalleditria in Highland Park, IL was really yummy.
Hard to go w young family, however.
Starting next Thursday BOGO WINGS.
Every Thursday 510.
New unique flavors every week.
RT: offically begins today but will be running the specials all month long!
Space is limited so call 2day...
Haha, I thought it was going to taste good, but I almost threw up it was so bad lol
Thanks for the ff...We're in great company!
We're off of 'rattlesnake hammock court' unless that was a weird hallucination?
There's bloody fauna everywhere here!
I miss you too!
I finnally got my internet and got settled in my new home : Hows everything?
My vacation started fourteen hours ago and I'm already bored.
I fail at life.
thanks.
Just got out of church.
Thought he might go.
pretty much.
He has to go pretty deep in Rome and Rafa has to not win the tournament for him to stay
I agree.
I'm on the phone with 'em now and am writing a story on this and other facets of rad monitoring; I'll send a link
I remember your hairless pussy!!!
Hahaha
New jams are coming along people.
coolest stuff we've written so far!
Hope all is well  if you get AP mag., find us in the December issue!
It's sometimes difficult to think clearly when you're strapped to a printing press.
Batman
LMFAOOOO THAT SKIT MADE MY LIFE!!!!!
I bought some off him
Writing a proposal for a previous organization I worked with for my English class about why they should use Twitter.
: Love my class.
Pray you find what you are waiting for Elizabeth!
seriously or is that just an excuse??
Opening for bank regulatory attorney in Midtown bank.
Lending background preferable.
Please send resumes to .
.
We appreciate the mention.
Make sure to use Nov8 and let people know about the day the VAGOP take back the Senate
i swear if i keep writing as much as i have been, my hand is gonna forreal break.
:/
Just went grocery shopping and picked up some extra food items for the challenge.
I can't wait to donate!
sad thing is, I already have the game but never found time to play it.
I love my Mothers day gift from my daughter, an iPhone 4!
But now it's back to entering numbers that did not sync!
Just saw Fo from last cyle's America's Next Top Model at my job.
I sold her a bracelet and a water bottle...
More house hunting, can't believe how dirty people live and with open house.
Family time
hey boo!
how hv you been?
you guys were talking about me and I'm so twitter illiterate I didn't even know it.
Thanks guys!
Miss you both
meh the whole hard to get thing gets old
even after Yoli decided that being a lesbian was no longer her scene.
please follow me, it'll be a doctoram come true if you did.
I love all of your songs and I love your music video
Still considering the Steelers ?
Maybe take affirmative action!
Let them know you are ready!
haha I used to have to put up inflatables when I worked at the colts...and had to wear the mascot costume for an event!
classes officially started today.
LET THE PROCRASTINATING BEGIN!
Gotta love UVA's Keith Werman 150 lbs, plays 2B and C, and leads nation w/ 10 Sacs
Omg let's go
would pay for streamage IF the matches were archived.
Wimby live did that  but am blocked now.
watch it, you are going to get me in trouble with that kind of talk
That's strange.
I clicked the  thing on Twitter for iPhone and your old handle came up as an option but not the new one
This guy says Where's the love
Cosmic justice: guy in front of us at doctorvein whose lights kept going on has to get jump start from staff.
enjoyed meeting you both!
Thanks for the intro as always
Heading out to I hope the 3 month waiting list for a reservation is worth every last bite.
Excited!
Andoctorw mccutchen is faster than most cars
8 hours later, cold brewed coffee has been strained  chilled.
And it's delicious.
Cafe Bustelo is strong yet smooth and not bitter.
Love.
OMG...just saw my 1st grade teacher at the mall!!!
Two happy hours in two days?
Gotta love how the nice weather makes everyone want to hang out again!
ifIcouldbi would write a song with and get it produced by Hearts check my catalog
Is it me or are modal windows passé?
Wish maddow would have Glenn Greenwald on more often.
Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet.
I have just one day, today,  I'm going to be happy in itJulius H.
'Groucho' Marx/Comedian
We just met !
She is so sweet!
dude youll be missed get back on the air soon fuck knr and those other worthless on air non talents except jerod though
Starting early!
Way to go :
Why is it that a trader loses 2.3Billion is labeled ROGUE.
If that same broker took the same risks and made 2.3B, he'd be a hero.
have you ever ben to california??
I AM GOIN TO ENJOY LIFE IF U WANNA STRESS IT THAT'S ON YOU
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 18
That makes me cry.
NewRT It appears that the court will hear oral argument on the associational standing issues in the HathiTrust suit on Thursday.
I am obsessed with 212..I love that track..Be well AZEALIA..feelin u to the max::
hey Anne!
Hopefully we'll meet sometime in the West Coast :
Pretty sure I told to come to Boston!!!!
Argh I'm sad now :'
I'd love my hamstrings to stop aching from the barre workout I did on Saturday.
DOMS sucks.
That's cool that you did a call for them!
I sometimes wish I'm were in it, heard good things.
What was it on?
kinda like popeyes but better to me.
Get coupon.
They a lil hi
Ohh the Nuggets just took the lead.
Very cute Stern.
Happy Mother's Day!
Did you know that in 1914 President Wilson signed the law creating this national holiday?
CCH Adds Estate Planning and RD Tax Credit Treatises  Accounting Today
RT when u do 6 things you do zero things  Thank you!
Made my day, possibly my life!
Picking up Kayla on Dan jones cause she ran out of gas lololol
Aren't you in charge of the cover of your magazine?
Aren't you glad people care?
So out with it, Greg.
Twins, or no?

OH: Hey there's a station call the Joint.
4.20FM
They be actin' like it broha.
Actual tweet from David Lynch: Dear Twitter Friends, I like to watch  count birds in the morning.
I've made friends with a hummingbird.
Anyone else think that Ashley is the most pathetic bachelorette ever??
stopcrying what do you think?
I love me some Elisabeth!
We need to catch up, girl.
ewwww..nasty!
stay away from the swine, it will ruin ur great voice :
Cant be around that kid shit, so I stop fuckin wit these lame females and snake niggas
Well I guess I'll call it a night, hope every one has a Great Week end!!
;
LastTimeIChecked real friends don't talk to someone like that who you've once had feelings for..
wed  7pm?
L'Atelier or Joel Robuchon Restaurant?
I'm trying not to go to sleep on the Lakers but they making it easy for me like really what's going on
I want you but I can't find the words to have a common conversation with you.
Sigh.
you're lucky I have to watch what I say on Twitter lol...come see me on FB haha!
Seriously, why are all the cars today trying to hit me?
Thank you, Jess.
You know what happens next ; x
Nice Too meet you Dawn!!!
; i'm from new york!!
I need some new texting buddies :
haha it's just a signature kinda thing.
Like at times it means there's more and other times it's just because I want it there.
the bangs...
Fabulous!
Just got home  moms trippin already
I know!
I guess we'll see how it plays out.
Fingers crossed it doesn't get crapified, as we're clearly both fanatical about IG.
The top 10 indemand jobs in the US in 2010 did not exist in 2004.
is there a plan with at least 400 mthly mins, unlim nights/wknds, unlimited msg, and a decent amount of data for 80 in MI?
howd u sleep x
: Why's it so cold in here?
Stoked about making a shit ton if bacon for breakfast tomorrow!
eww not kool!
my butt hurts
He's cute.
Young girls will love him.
Nice voice but it lacked the quiet power that Maxwell has.
Thanks for your time and advice today!
It was great to talk to the person who inspired us to start Fanlaunch.
AINT TO GRAVE CAN HOLD DEADLIEST CATCH DOWN
Burning yourself with a straightener
is geting behind early so he can have plenty of time to catch up
Thank you for the RT.
:

So glad my morning checkin with the PM's is not a video call  my wet hair is still wrapped in a towel!
always day doctornk.
Everyone should come out next weekend to wineinthewoodsI'll be pouring  Legend's booth on Sat morning!
is a spoilerwhore is a tease.
Happy birfday cocacola.
lol still doctornking
That's awesome.
Yo momma clearly knows where it's at.
DA BURGH!
Hope to see yinz out at the jazz soon.
Agree w/ about Pepsi vs Coke
One way to establish  maintain accountability: Whiteboard  3 wks, people, postit notes
he was much more efficient getting after the QB in SF which is what the Ravens need, so he could fit in a 34.
Buy your tickets online for the Vintage Reggae Winter Fest, it will be more at the event
Hahahaha, I gotcha!
if you're lucky it you get hit in the nose and it doesn't make your neck turn too much.
done done and done
hi doctorta your so pretty !!:
I'm not bol but I through I was tho  RT : you not a thug
great morning.
Getting lots of work done.
So can a brother get an update?
I heard 4 rds to 2 for Floyd.
True?
what are you doing nao.
And I still miss you in the night and I want you to know if he leaves you cold in the city arching for lover, honey u cn always come home
Teresita's for breakfast:
About 3 and 4 day's a week.
Braun, Hart and Lucroy won't start vs Cubs today.
It's Aoki, Morgan and Kottaris instead vs Ryan Dempster.
Gallardo on mound for Crew.
In deep need of a few doctornks and night out!
Happy BDay to 1 of my favorite WWE divas LITA....
Love ya:
nah bro, victoria justice poops all over selena gomez
hope you had a good time Saturday: see you Friday
misterwright Is back :o
Hey Orlandoians!
How are you liking ???
Tonights the last night so come out and play!
Just got two super cute doctorsses from Electric Lemonade on Charleston!
Go quick before word gets out!
Xoxo
Floss Inc Tonight  The Hotel Regency!!!
RT occupy abq crowd now looks about 250 strong.
helicopter circling above.
Now 30 min past deadline
CLASSLESS.
Really Ottawa?!
Our hefeweizen, South Wedge Summer Wheat is now on tap!
Come in, sit on our patio, and refresh yourself with our summer seasonal!
Feeling the theraputic power of good music...have a great week a head people.
Peace
True, both good points.
I think the point remains that people's actions rise above labels.
Oh snap!
She just brought it :
Hey Robin, I am in Minnesota, just saw your tweet.
If you are not totally in love with life, I am here for you...
okay tami give it a rest she's obviously scared of you.
Grow up  act a lady.
Trashy you are.
tick tock tick tock!
McBob's 50 off deal won't last forever  get over to www.crowdclick.com soon!
Lol she always got something stupid to say wit da big guys haha.big guys.
Lol
except me
Date night :
Thank u for the gift u give.
Your music has gotten me through some tough days lately.
Thank u!!
i dont know anymore ....
I can't believe Belmont lost to Duke again last night by just one point!!
Gonna be another great season for the Bruins.
Even if I had a pocket full of fucks, I still wouldn't give you one.
Lots of integrated Twitter, FB and LinkedIn logins.
Looks like it's become a much easier dev task over the past year.
See ya friday !!
omg.
coming to end of monster project.
pray for us....
it has been 2 years in the making.
What nobler employment, or more valuable to the state, than that of the man who instructs the rising generation.
Marcus Tullius Cicero
That awesome moment when One Direction comes on the radio when you're on the bus and everyone starts singing really loud
Add value by continually giving people free information/product.
People will want and pay for more.
I HEART HOLTBY!
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Bertolt Brecht
PickUpLine: Im starring in a porno movie.
Would you help me learn my lines?
Awesome beach day.
Now getting ready for Cindo de Mayo madness
Quote2SpinBy  Fix the problem, not the blame.
Japanese Proverb RT
Thank you to all teachers, past and present!
Twitter is basically just you having a conversation with yourself hoping that someone else will join in lol REAL TALK!
Sex got me into trouble from the age of fifteen: I'm hoping that by the time I'm seventy I'll straighten it out.
Harold Robbins
Helicopters n spotlights!
Happy Birthday homie!!!!!
UA SLAT student Denise Osborne offers a very active presentation on performing arts in the L2 classroom this morning!
No.
Metro doctorg Task Frce says 200 plants taken from inside home where I am.
Alleging some of pot was mailed out of state
You have a great site as well...
and I agree, we do indeed have similar ideologies!
While we wait: Who wants to explain why every one rushes to get on the plane, as if you will get there faster than everyone else?
.
so cool to follow this with you!
That's totally the look I was going for!
Delish mixed with a little sass ;
I hate Pepsi
: Good morning :
On tipping over cliffs and Ridin tsunami waves to ur where about a, providing a sun ray in ur day:
Hey, wanna follow me back?
:
I really need some more sleep.
After a hard work out yesterday,my body didn't get enough rest as much as it needed.

got 'em but haven't looked at them yet
I do that too!
Smooth Sound!!
Like your style!!!
I miss hugs.

You can get caught up, it's on demand now.
Watch episode 1 then watch episode 2 tonight.
I'm starting Sherzer myself.
He wasn't listed because Vegas has him and Colon pretty close and my streamers are always oddsfavs
sweet!
gotta love that!

remember me?
Thanks for the FF shout last week.
I know, I know.
...assistant women's basketball coach  SU, Joy Hollingsworth!
we want pistachio macaroons!!!
LOVED your cookies!
No , cheap socks I can replace everyday...
That's my doctoram.
Me too.
Must be a Chicago thing...
or a snow thing.
Let the Triumph of Orthodoxy continue in your life throughout this next week during this Great and Holy Fast.
Damn straight, you do.
yeah it's a shame.
I don't wish her ill, but you have to wonder if she will have that attitude toward fans of her future projects.
Switching back to americanspirits yellow pack.
For my health...because they're lights.
Don't judge me.
I run 15 miles a week.
Ew I have work
Catching up on South Park while I fill my copper circle supply orders for Etsy!
3 my job!
:
Best tweets of the night will be on our website as the Pacers take on the Heat in our Game of the Night.
I will wait for the reboot.
how do they look?
55 degrees?
Come on Pittsburgh!
Bring on the sun!!!
Woman of my doctorams, I don't sleep so I can't find her.
Post your past shows.
I miss you guys!
My new favorite group of people are from the mid west
CHRIS!!!!
PLEASE!
follow me?!?
My friend's gonna give me a ride!!
:
I just text you
Congrats to Jeremy Cerone, a junior at and our Executive Director, on his internship with the Council for National Policy!
Not fully prepared to say goodbye to my best friend for the summer.
God speed, Andoctorw.
Annoying when ppl like have email lists w no unsubscribe option  staffer puts you into a voicemail when you ask 2b removed.
Pretty girls always have an a in their name
Nice meeting you all the best...
Thanks for following and Welcome.
ALEXI DELANO live at WET ULTRA LOUNGE this SATURDAY at WET 18 and over party!
9154492066
Big opprotunities are coming this summer!
Be prepared!
INDESTRUCTIBLE!
So hungry all I want is two boots pizza.
Looks like I'll be hitting the gym over time today
As says, Mambo's might be an option.
Been looking for one myself.
Lots of impostors out there.
Oh where, Oh where can my Las Vegas Review Journal be?
Phone lines jammed as customers want their Sunday paper!
Hope you had a great week in Syracuse!
It was so nice to finally meet you!
Save travels back home :
Off work early now to finish this english paper..
I missed a MAJOR audition!!!!
Uugghhhh
Megan eddy?!
IdislikeItWhen I can't talk to
both.
we are the 3rd seed and we do have home court
anytime you want to fish for compliments, feel free
Thanks for the RT can't imagine how I'd react in that room!
Ill be at Art Vs.
Craft Saturday with all sorts of cards, prints and other stuff, so if you happen to be in Milwaukee, stop by.
I need a baseball buddy down here!
since lives too far away
how you been bey
Angry black man day today...I swear...sometimes I don't think people really understand how that works.
We still get mad about that BS.
Tomorrow is my all day meeting with my Vistage group.
Some of us have been together more than 10 years.
All great guys and CEOs.
Half the money I spend on advertising is wasted, and the problem is I don't know which half  Lord Leverhulme, Unilever founder, UK
I'doctortherHave a partner that respects my autonomy and consent than any other characteristic.
You should follow me to show your WildcatNation some love!
It's our first normal saturday night of the year!
Find Mikwaukee's best gyros on Water and Juneau until we run out of food
Emily...
We are so proud of all 3.
Thank you!
:
Knit the city, even...
love your site  would love to talk with you more about HRC and exchange ideas.
Interested?
People are freaking out?
You guys threw an awesomely fun wedding.
That should be thanks enough.
lol I think I found you
there we go now that makes sense
what's your ticket on promoting
TONS!
The first few snow falls are so pretty and exciting!
But by the 8th snowfall you're like..
Okay really.......Stop.
:P
Don't know what i would do without the internet.
Best thing since sliced bread.
watching WSS, waiting for Bernardo to break into a chorus of 'Mandy' ::chuckle:: and prepping for OR tomorrow, yes OR!
I love your hair
Don't take yourself too seriously.
Insecurity is a woman's worst enemy
scumbag postoffice sends out catds with 8am opening.
Actually opens at 10.
They deserve to fail.
offers three frame bevel options to ensure the right fit with existing window frames  Marvins Ultimate Insert Double Hung.
So we had a read/sing through of the show today at 3:00.
I'm blown away how at day 2 we are this far along!
Rock it out, cast!!
I love the Spanish word for cash efectivo.
It's effective all right.
ha!
Try to Make me pigy phone away :
Liar?
I've got to take a break, to be honest.
I'm not even going to lie.
Puff Daddy
this is big news and we haven't discussed
strange!
Tickets will be available at the door, no worries!
i haven39;t been paying attention just fucking around cause i thought you were gone, is every ok?
wtf is going on i need plain engli
Time to watch
Once again having trouble sleeping.
Wish I had a girl that would rub my back until I fell asleep.
went to a pub crawl last night...
Ended up at the crawling stage.
Ugh!
Watching Braxton Family Values :
Sarah Sackett!
Yr support means the world to us!
Thank you so much for yr continued support.
We heart you so much!
Yr pretty amazing!
Sitting at VSTE waiting for the keynote speaker to begin.
My parents arrived in L.A.
in the late 1970's.
We've been here ever since.
:
minutes away from warm brie salad and fresh baked bread in the house!
Every Sunday  Main Street UMC  3:30 PM: Jam for Joy Musician?
Vocalist?
Just want to learn some new music?
Open session upstairs!!!
Had mucho fun with :D even with her doctoroling!
Are you coming out for Legends Week?
Another Twitter tshirt question coming up today ...
Stay tuned
Occupy peeps.
Perfect choice.
Your a sorcereress aren't, able to tweet while sleeping.
doctorver's test soon !
I just stubbed my toe into the metal leg on my bed.
OUCH!!!!!
Heading to the Sobe in a bit.
Hope it doesn't rain...
Like really loll
On the road from Fort Benning, long day, but good meetings with customers
I just got a zillion times more excited about this, and I didn't even think that was possible.
believe me, so am i!!
PEARLS is taking a break from our Top 10 Hip Hop Songs You'd Probably Want the Youth to Miss series, But it'll be back soon...
: Knock knock.
Who's there?
...
Banana.
Oh, then I'm not opening the door.
2 of the girls that have come out are Edoctorenne Chan  Emma Young from Seton.
Any insight?
Ever wondered why something at the library works the way it does?
Ask us!
We're happy to help!
Big changes.
update soon!
m/
clean my room, and then I'll text you guys when you can come over!
I think it was more a concern of rooting for someone on the Yankees.
Lots of Yankees haters.
Of course, I'm one of them...
Did you hear about next week!!
Gourmet Food Trucks are finally coming to
A spring wind has wafted me into Bill's Gay Nineties for lunch.
I am going to miss this place.
Please dont call me to the office..
Please dont call me to the office .
Please dont call me to the office
Switching back and forth between the Heat game and the Grammys.
Thumbsup to DWade, Lebron, Chris Breezy, and Rhianna for great performances
wowsa!
Some people are prolific tweeters!
I'm not sure what it all means!
who you got Sugar ray leonard or Mayweather!!!
Another hour another session
Hide by her bed while her mom and dad came to say goodnight LMFAOOOO Cyrus is a mess.
In study hall.
Up to the second book, very hard to put the book down
The awkward moment when u and ur friend both like the same guy.
And she doesnt know u like him so she brags about there moments.
A man knows his woman's loyalty if she's there when he's becomes broke, unemployed, and possibly homeless
: Only forgive someone because you believe they are truly sorry, not just because you want to keep them in your life.
My alarm for the shitshow brewers game just went off....
Netflix til I fall asleep.
Already got 2 hrs
Need a big inning from Selman, here.
damn,say it ain't so!
sup mane, got a bent alchohol bottle on ya face dont it?
jermaine jackson nose ass nigga lol
Lattuca  Stark  challenge students to apply, integrate, evaluate...construct knowledge by engaging them in...activities
is delusional lol if he got onto all stars that would be a waste just like him this season lol
People screwing people over 
well yes young sir I said I would so countonit another happy
follow4follow Scott Aukerman uploaded Anniversary Party!
God I was huge on myspace.
28,000
whats in texas my friend!?!
i probably would have know but havent read my twitter lol
Loved 's presentation today at BizExpo  busting out some folks using QRs w/out mobile landing pgs  don't do that!
CV
The moment when you're finally making a connection and someone else steals the spotlight
You don't deserve a tip.
Seriously been waiting for two hours.
I don't like feeling like this...:'/
Hehe did a little partying last night....soo fun!!
President Jimmy Carter's mother joined the Peace Corps at age 68.
Ugh, headache...
still can't sleep
Wall2Wall Mirror Mosaics Brighten my Day.
Sipping Coffee  Black  Brew on Passyunk Ave.
RT : Dow up over 400 as investors struggle to even out meds.
Walters on North in tosa is my fav bar
Good luck UW Badgers today!
Go Bucky!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME, IS MY ONLY WISH!!
SPAIN LOVE YOU !33333333
spiritual privileges bring responsibilities and obligation
I always embrace local business, thanks for the follow.
Let me know if you need
Yes don't get angry if God doesn't change the sitution 2 the way you want it, say ur prayers aren't ans'd  God don't bless no mess
Not to sound clingy, but why have'nt we heard from Colts beat staff about Mudd's new job.
well my kids understand but remember that's when they start not to listen.
Gotta love it.
My brothers turning 10 today!
He's growing up fast :
Who is on?
Trying to get used to using my iPad at work.
Trying iAnnotate  Penultimate.
Need a stylus!
Then I think both will be really useful.
The Stage is up at Edgefield, the 1st concert is this weekend!
Come have a preconcert meeting, lunch or dinner before heading to the show!
u must be sick bro lets get it add me n ill spank dat ass lol
........lol man atleast you got to sit in the front seat instead of the doctornk.........hmmmmlol
we dont post without your permission.
Can you please email on how it happened, please
Today has made an unexpected turn for the best.
what was the other photo of?
It's been too long!!!
livemusicrocks!!!
With :D
I love you!
Wish you weren't tiny so I could borrow!
I assume you do NOT work with satellite internet??
That's all we have access to.
MT : Listening to one of the great lecturers, professor Baughman talking about history of PR madasawethen UWRightNow  love it!
What should I be for Halloween?
After my exp with parents last night , I need an escape!
lol They are quite entertaining!
Where are you located?
the world won't end in 2012 because they found a new fucking calendar?!
the world won't end in 2012 because IT!
WON'T!
Stealth startup seeks helicopter designer.
there's such thing as church son
Nice to see you on the tweeter.
What have you been up to?
Had the exact same thing 4 dinner tonight and it was awesome!
In still stuffed.
:
Hello baby Jack!!
Congrats to your sister, Carrie!
Prayers for Jack's health.
Have a good day, auntie!
Just like after a night  Fogo
haha, thanks!
It's from the Big Ass Twitter Happy Hour meetup last week.
They had an awesome photobooth set up.
NOBODY KNOWS SHIT
got u lil bro!!!
Hey Mother Nature, Father Time called and he said winter is over so get it the hell out of Omaha.
Signed Ft.
Time Peace in the Middle East.
Renardo Sidney from Mississippi State rolls ankle to start the second half.
Mississippi State up 3929 over
I mean, really.
Why would Twitter buy out a good thing and then make it bad?!?
ain't nothing but the truth
3wordsforyou jobs jobs jobs
Uh oh.
This chart says I'm stressed.
I didn't even know it....
Just letting everyone know I'm still alive
A tho head b4 sex is always good
Why aint u let me know
How many Penn State running backs have recorded three 1,000yard rushing seasons?
Over 40 of solo respondents to our 2011 survey have primary email  ISP or  web mail provider.
Can't wait to head over to later for the celebration!
We'll be there 3pm6pm.
233 Mott St.
See you there!
That's a pretty fantastic find!
If I could put ever song I love into one big playlist, it would go on and on forever.
obsessed ILikeToThinkIHaveGoodTasteInMusic 
Talking about weak teams in the Cup Finals.
But I think it's great.
You can keep hope as a lower seed in the NHL...
Over 200 million YouTube views occur through mobile devices every day.
Don't wanna come home
If you walk in front of my car in the middle of the road, I will not hesitate to hit you
alright!
Followed!
Good luck this month  I tripled the amount of rules I had with my last game.
Should be interesting....
Amanda French's presentation is entitled, The Ivy and the Kudzu, or The Lush Perils of Openness in Academe.
Very excited to have you in!!
Do you already know what you'll be having?
Pro 1:10 My son, if sinners lure you, do not be willing.
well idunno, do you speak spanish?
Some people tell me Well She may be a mega bitch behind closed doors about the cheating thing..
I'd bet GOOD  on NO.
I don't know if I can cope with 10 minutes of this plus extra time.
i haven't been on in a week :O
key take away from nyc startup crawl, startups are hiring like crazy, wallstreet is firing like crazy
Omg shocker .
RT synth doctorms and live instruments
Congrats Big Time Rush!
We love you!
:D
I'm going to regret this big time.
sleep good love you too lol
Thundershowers in DC
My lazyness made me forget the outlet behind my nightstand, after all this tripping over the extension cord...
Practice tomorrow its about to go down.
Lmao
Diplomats Vol.
2 is one of the best mixtapes ever.
Grizz lost to one...again :/!
Thanks for the follow fulloftravel!
:
I love the new Cobra starship song
Oh good, I'm not the only classic movie fan who didn't see The Sound of Music until they were in their 20s.
Extra bright I want you to see all of the light..
oh if u can let me know.
Ill be all over that
haha can I do that!?
But doesn't it cost like 250 ?
Would it count towards my credits?
Haha
: Energyne Barco doctorino hot shot Whack attack Helium Nitrous oxide Formaldehyde Some new kind of kicka hollywood breakfast!
You should examine yourself daily.
If you find faults, you should correct them.
When you find none, you should try even harder!
Xi Zhi
oh yuck.
Im sorry!
We love the Twitter background!
At BlumPoe fundoctoriser for the Calder Performing Arts Organizations
I was in the same boat this AM!
Added gingernut granola to LF vanilla Greek yogurt  a clementine!
Fast  filling breakfast!
it is amazing!!!!
And that's a BOLD statement.
RT : This pursuit of Manning video feed is the most pathetic thing in the history of sports media.
RT : President Obama recognizes VAi2 2010 innovation as a Champion of Change at White House today...

Angela Glover Blackwell is one of the most mesmerizing and inspiring speakers I've ever heard.
A truly incredible woman!!!
that hash tag made me do a spit take.
Haha!
I love the FACT that God has proven Himself to me, now I must prove myself to Him...such an honor.
dont know you ..
but i feel like i retweet you alot .......
awkk
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
Da Vinci
well I guess that was cawlidge hockey at its finest
Can i just kill target...
With all the abnormally warm weather we've been having this winter, it's somewhat reassuring to finally see some snow!
I watch brave heart every time it's on tv!
he ugly too
thanks for sharing the link!
enjoy your brunch!
I bet John fox loves this game no forward pass and fg's galore
Romney'd look a lot less boring wearing a Night Owl shirt!
10 off EVERYTHING in our store, 2012 is the coupon code.
www.nightowlmerch.com
Keeping our 7for5 special going through today ONLY!
Stop in to save BIG on single session packages!
this includes spray tan sessions!!!
Another B12 shot in the booty by the doc 
Most Libra women r hoes u mite c them n the bk seat of a car.
The men r liars
Excellent question!
Torrance Hicks wrote: Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about the things that matter Martin Luther King
Washingtonian magazine readers have chosen Firehook's cookies as the best in town!
Stop by your local Firehook Bakery and try one!!!
Film or TV?
Why?
My Cascada Pandora station is going off right now.
Exactly what I needed to hear.
Bob Bradley dismissed as U.S.
men27s soccer national team coach  ESPN http3A2F2Fes.pn2Fo2hish
Good luck all around.
Have started using here and it's been wellreceived so far.
the more, the less .
You ain't us
Just because something ends doesn't mean it never should've been.
Remember you lived, you learned, you grew and moved on.
oh plleeaassee...do you support/feel the pain of ANY mid table/relegation bound club?
All your energyTOP CLUBS Boring easy way out
what are you talking about???
Lol
Thanks for the mention and hope you can join us!
Stricker one behind and in the fairway bunker on the 18th.
Your hard work today will pay off in the future.
YAY FRIDAY!!
Have an wonderful weekend :
lol.
I still don't want to do it.
It was actually taking your guys' idea and I realized that.
Korean food it is today
I can't wait for the BullsHeat game today, then my son and I are gonna hang out and watch the royal rumble.
Yeah we're wrestling nerds.
I know it's a little earlier of Christmas but I LOVE new song Mistletoe and this is my 1,000th tweet
Students: looking for career consulting advice?
Contact Career Services to receive info regarding job opportunities 2164328948
doctorving around san Antonio, mutual pee emergency, where is this ranch
Everybody always wanna twitter after dark but what about in the morning, lunch, mid day, etc....idk bout yal but I like sex anytime 
What's your favorite dish at StreetFood Asia?
We Love Percy Jackson!!!
Don't make me your number one, make me you're only one.
New favorite app Couch to 5k!
Getting ready for the color run in NYC this summer!
I've stuck around my home because I feel bad leaving my mom but she doesn't appreciate anything I do.
I'm about to bounce.
I want outt.
Im ready for this to work out!
Keeping my fingers crossed
Packed court room.
Many folks in overflow room//RT fun for geeks: oral arguments in Supreme Court for
I was expelled on pajama day.
It's not my fault I sleep naked.
RT SportsNation just showed the Willie Warren High School dunk.
Somewhere  are smiling.I AM!..on the bench!
leaving for my aunt'suncle's house on the lake!
Having a family party there.
So pysched to hang out w/my awesome family!
:D
TSA will claim it's just doing its job, but damn, frisking Grandma is overkill.
well let you!!
Kicking it at livestrongsportingpark, got my omarbravo bobblehead, ready to see sportingkc fell the Timbers!
Sporting till I die!
Was going to stay far away from the Facebook IPO, but has convinced me to do more homework.
2012 PR tip 2.
Get back into a regular routine with blogging, tweeting, friending, connecting, posting.
Help us take a BITE out of cancer this week by joining us at one of these amazing restaurants where a  of sales will be donated to our cam
thanx for sharing and thank you for 'Joy' on the Preacher's Wife
Last exam week ever!!!
Oh wait.....
Thinking of doing a Pilot Season Prep teleclass...does that sound like something you would like to attend?
woo!
angels  sizzlers 
I'm always undecided
Happy to receive the endorsement of the WV Affiliate of American College of Nurse Midwives
lol I'm sorry it took about nd hour to do my hair
Safe opens April 27th, 2012 A secondoctorte cage fighter on the mixed martial arts circuit, Luke Wright lives a numbing life of rout
RT : Having a Goose Island Green Line Pale Ale at historic Twin Anchors on North Side waiting for what I hear are RIDICULOUS ribs.
Oh LA how I've missed you.
On the road with
Huh.
I don't think I knew that Joss was in on the writing of Toy Story, Interesting.
It's all coming together.
2, I repeat, 2 new ESL teaching jobs.
Keeping my tutee, too.
My cup runneth over.
GRATITUDE!
What should I bring as gifts to a holiday party this evening?
TOO EASY!
not even froyo from ?
Don't ever take me for granted.
GOOD MORNING!!!
GO FOLLOW AKA LIL MO,1 of the DOPEST .
U heard him on songs with 
thanks .
What time?
looking forward to seeing the lovely this evening to talk about opening in dc soon!
will CJ help the gimp make pizza?
Get it ready, baseball is back!
got Stafford, but with his questional health is it a good bed to throw A.Smith in as a starter and bench The Staff?
Terelnisha's still around!?
Lets face it.
You can't replace it
New!
Introducing Happy Hour at The Local Vine in University Village.
Every day 35pm.
Be happy!
haha somehow that actually made me literally laugh out loud
Prepped breakfast, packed lunch, planned dinner.
Tomorrow is tracked.
100ozchallenge complete.
Ready for bed by 10:30.
So true.
What an incredible voice and energy she had.
Very Sad.
So sad for her daughter.
I've heard that MKE thinks is wise.
But can she figure out the password to CovertTU?
Hello Palm Springs.
What's up everyone?
It's finally friday!
Who's ready to party?
My family is fighting over MY child support money....
Wow and not over me!
Life...
No matter how hard your life can get, we always have that one friend we can act stupid with :
4.
DO NOT consent to a search of your person, vehicle, residence, business or property/belongings.
Defend these rights verbally only
The gamertag was Mo0se OuTlaw thats not how it looks you just request Chloe Moretz bio says add my original gt etc and its fake
Headlines on : WARNING: Twitter Phishing Scam Spreads by Direct Messages  Twitter Now Lets X Factor Viewers Vote via DMs.
How can you miss the extra point after all the field goals...
Mom's comments don't matternot evidence.
She must stay visible.
She is the face and voice for
I love lifetime
fyi, had nothing to do with this.
it came!...what is your deadline for wednesday submissions?
can you plz get me more followers ???
i just followed you can you follow me bakk plz
I love the Sting likeness.
Ugh.
Yes.
Sunday is Mother's Day.
Save a pepper for her.
s/o to my new followers
Beaker did that until he got his wife.
Now he doesnt want to take house flights to be with us because she wont
Finally at the party.
I should be able to have a doctornk within the hour!
S/o to look forward to working w/ u love :
who's weird?
Psyched for this panel.
Nonconsumptive uses so fascinating, fun, and shouldn't require permission.
No, I've got a conflict with my office hours today.
I know we were going to meet and I thought I would be there earlier!!
haha i'll be in indy..
going to the track saturday morning, but next week for sure !!
LOL, im not sure.
Work really hard.
Stay really patient.
Empathize.
lol you think that's funny, but you that's some serious ish right there
really like this check in, CB.
happy belated :
Awesome interview!
Congrats on the Kickstarter campaign!
haha!
Who taught you about him?
You me at six.
don't worry there's always next time!!
:
Ignorance never settles the question.
that's what my fortune cookie saidC:
It should be illegal to be in school when it's this nice.
powerofwork Mayor Hancock totally gets the challenge education faces in CO.
Proud he supports our literacy bill.
Virgos is easily embarrassed, nervously romantic, wary of their partner's experience, slow on the uptake  Would sweep u off ur feet.
come on promote me please 3
OMG, I love it when someone tells me, u look pretty ;...and he said I look pretty..yaaay, am not being silly right?
:
same haha for like one day ;
follow me on get glue Please
Best news I've heard all day!!
RT : What you call 8:00, we call home.
Community returns to Thursday nights on March 15th.
I hate essays for English!!!
Who wants to swap their Large flyingpirate tshirt for my XL?
lol, do you use a lot of postits?
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more than pipe doctorams unless you pursue them with gusto.
W.
Clement Stone
U know how I like my music?
FAST!
Thx 4 the follow!
We hope u have chance 2 dig u some Secret Skwirl!
Best  Success!
Lunch time at sjctie Great list of afternoon sessions in store.
LinkedIn, portfolios, wikis, mobile note taking, Blackboard.
OK.
I'm finally watching season one of Stella.
Insert you either shaking a finger or nodding knowingly here.
I'll take wry smiling too.
you would!
What are we gonna do with you lol
I take naps way too much.
It ruins my sleep at night.
follow he got that Fire don't hate support the movement give much support for the big bruh!!!!
hahaha I think you just stumbled across the Herald's new side venture
you should check out musicmatrix.com...
you could have remixed jae millz green goblin...
legggoooo
I am just getting more and more pissed at FaceFuck.They already have all my info all my photos.Just let me use my fucking account
the birthday is tomorrow.
forget the Dutch Manual; today's archivists eat Dutch babies.
With lemon  sugar.
Oh my you tweeted!
Such a grownup.
Miss you Fina!
Well, now were in the heat of it!
1100 peeps in a 10 ft coridor!
Never thought I would actually get pissed watching womens soccer...until today
WOW!!!
What a comeback by Dallas!!!
hates Wisconsin sports.
College is like a woman, You work so hard to get in and nine months later you wish you'd never come.
Actually, we'll be busy with happy couples tonight, but we'll still have room for walkins!
Enjoy r fabulous loungeshort wait!
What exactly have I been recruited to?
Behold, I do not give lectures or a little charity, when I give I give myself.
Walt Whitman
happy your doctorams are coming true, but Always remember where you came from, Stay grounded, and dont become a major Diva 3 U.
I was at the earlier today with and the whole family.
Had a great time.
I guess the Fat Toad has croaked.
What do you give the person who is richer than scrooge mcduck?
it's my birthday can I get a happy birthday please?
Inspiring newsroom visit today with Bob Freeman of the state Committee on Open Government.
If only more officials would heed his words.
hahaha XD Merrrr is also a good word o.o
You just noticed?
oh i must have missed something i didnt think the headline was Top 10 Restaurants for Snobs
adorable like always :
go check out !
I sent you an email about us!
Friends with Steve Bunker
his games for his 3ds he is so xcited
It would be pouring outside 
I b quiet but when he leave I b talking again..
Lol
what.
facebook has 'trending articles' ?
dafuq is this?
I just teared up.
I can't WAIT for this weekend.
ONE MORE DAY!
I love my big sister and my big brother and nephews and niece and mi madoctor y mi padoctor!
Spinach is a hearthealthy food!
An outstanding source of vitamins A  C which are antioxidants that help reduce free radicals in your body.
I finished reading the PLL series in less than 2 weeks.
What the heck am i supposed to do til January when the show comes back on?!
There is currently a snoring competition going on between and Mingus.
LOL : Happy Friday.
ff to an awesome Diane who runs back to back marathons and qualifies for Boston!!
2011musictaughtme that boyfriends can be compared to aliens.
Keep on rockin' in the free world.
Oh ma god labor day weekend already?!
Yes!
Got my bike checked out and everything!
god damn lmao
rock band 2 time!
Electric Relaxation plays in my head every time it rains in NYC!
Thanks ATCQ
np I farted on santa's lap by small childoctorn
are you kidding?
What happened?
Yeah me too
Do you own it?
Or an affiliate?
i dont like when fans do that.Yeah i get it that your jealous,but u dont need to hate just bcuz u r.They still love you too
Thanks Google Apps Mail for the new format for contacts!
OK Packer and dance fans!
five minutes until on
get all your friends to vote!
:
Billsfans?
: Watching TJ Graham.
I'm amazed he went so early.
Strictly a stretchthefield 4 or 5 receiver w return skills.
Props to JeredWeaver for the
Watching a movie with my beautiful daughter, Abby!
haha good call on that one.
Such a good song!
G.
Dep Sentenced: Rapper Gets 15 Years to Life for 1993 Shooting
prayers from here for speedy recovery
I've probably never been this hungry in my life
lol, u silly..
I heard you say You Sucked meaning that night, not you suck!
BIG difference!You earned the right 2 judge this show, BIGUPS!
Heard them at UCSD too depressing!
Len Downie thinks its okay for journalists to be roadkill.
has great taste in music!
Thanks for sharing!
I had the pineapple Chobani this morning!
I loved it!
You called it!
Does the guy from Eli Young look like a fat a steve holy?!
ACMs
I realize in not ur type so y settle for less
we got them no problem but y'all better pray y'all get to the second round
RIP any chance of seeing Incubus...
I think I'm gonna bury myself in cats that day.
Even cats won't cover up the agony.
Eagle scout to me earlier in offseason when I suggested Bell solid allaround 'Where did you hear that!' Can't cover
PLEASE follow me!!!:
RT : Brunch is on until 2 p.m.!
Homemade food, bloody marys and specialty mimosas!
Cute girl gives me a look.
We meet eyes as she leaves.
She looks back to see me looking.
We smile.
celebrates the birthday of Charles Ives!
Never blame any day in your life.
Good days give you happiness, bad days give you experience.
Worst days give you a lesson.
: This year's Games 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 all scheduled for same dates as corresponding games in 1994 ECF between Devils and Rangers.
Way too long of a day.
This neighborhood always smells like dollar store pine sol
We'll be turning off lights  AC and turning on the tiki torches.
What are your Earth Hour Plans?
Hey boo we playin the shoot by ear due to thunder storms and shit..
RT : hey
The good life, as I conceive it, is a happy life
amen!
Makes my heart heavy..
My words can be a bit harsh
Just saw the infomercial for Miracle Socks, I'm sorry but those look like grandma kneehi's!!!
Lol.
Try again marketing team!
Lmao
Might be unmanly, but it'd be the better choice.
:
Thinking about jay today !
Chipper Jones retiring after 2012!!
Chipper Jones is one of my favorite baseball players and the MLB will not be the same with out him.
You were at the Grammy's 10 years ago?!
Um, details!
wanna pick me up at 715 outside lubar?
My phone died
Nothing beats a custard filled maple bar
: Happi today is monday hope my week go well.
Sneaking food into the movie theatre, 3 for a bag of skittles my ass.
breakfast most important meal of da day!
If Sid Crosby had been in Zetterberg's place at the end of game 1, would Weber have gotten away w/ a fine?
Of course not.
You probably won't see this but  I love you so much I would do anything to see u but sadly right now I can't follow me plz :
They're cummfy!
And warm...
nigga u got a problem with me now for pushin aundoctor..u dont push a girl nigga that sum bitch ass move
what track?
Sleep is overrated anyways
Just finished changing yeehaw.
lmao!
Yes on the way to avis before mobile
watching AustinandAlly and lying on my bed..
chillin' goodnight to all!
haha
Follow the Milwaukee Zetas!
!
One of those things where media criticism only compounds the problem.
Staying quiet.
Walking around SF, was reminded about a certain something I don't see as much walking around NYC.
Poll Results for who will win a championship first, Lakers or Heat: LAKERS 61, HEAT 38 OTHER 1  What do u think of the results?
wasnt on yesterday but Happy Bday Ray Ray .!
:  hope u had fun .!
If once upon a time I wanted your attention  you didn't give it to me, now I most likely do not find you a bit intriguing.
Thanks you too.
I love how the NIke app Cheers you on when people like your I'm on a run!
post on Facebook.
Super fun.
Diet tip: Kids love it, so give it a try.
Peanut butter stuffed into celery is a fat buster.
Celeb bdays daily!
Reply PARTY
iPad Renews Tablet Dominance as Kindle Fire Sales doctorp Like a Rock
FTCH all hits on the ask, pretty solid news....
Tonight: Pancetta and chorizo sausage with shelling beans, mustard greens and rosemary.
Yum.
Nuked my mlanet12 calendar and rebuilding yet again.
Factoring in time zones.
Does anyone else hate the Ricky Smiley show?
that'd be great if you could make it to a Wed.
workshop.
We'd love to test out a Nasty Clamp on our live video production
: It's like I want you to know, but I don't want to tell you.
ohteenquotes
yup but it finishes at 1030.
It's new on Monday's
It's so strange that I'm used to walking around a campus that I didn't attend.
At UH again.
Leandoctor uses every aspect of that glass lol
and is my new twitter.
Follow me there.
I love your tweets haha I can always relate!
Happy Birthday to a big supporter of , mister himself!
: Show some love, peeps
Faired DUNK was OFF THE CHAIN manimal!!!
We are living proof that humanity has a right to choose.
My feeling about Republicans is they probably spent yesterday complaining about how it's okay to celebrate MLK day, but not pray in school.
thanks for the info and for finding the bug!
want a job?
;
A nigga loves his sleep!!
Wednesday, almost the weekend!
Maybe buying new rims?
Hmm
good.
Be sure to sit through the credits.
Word magicians!
Instead of pulling bunnies out of hats, writers pull out great novels.
Bunnies are much less work.
:
My generation's economic goals are: fuck bitches get money.
i be pumpin pussy like gas nigga
just to be on the safe side
same here3 I3how he doesn't give a flying Shizz what haters say.I no it probably hurts him but he ignores it
When keepin it real goes wrong lol
supposably if someone is talking to the other twin about you bad or good your ears make a ring noise
haha good night man.
:
Happy Valentine's Day!!
All, everything that I understand, I understand only because I love.
Tolstoy.
I wish I had cool folks like you and to listen to my rants on a beach while doctornking Margharitas :
Feels like I'm falling in love alone.
Exciting happenings trending at HGI  health; wellness; entertainment; automotive; nuclear energy.
my pleasure  you too!
Back to work after an inspiring library conf.
Good results from last weeks work.
Hope everyone has a gratitude moment today.
Find yours
i always feel bad for the cameraperson : why do people watch golf?
I am only good at French words we have in English :
I vote yes!
ReidBill is making me crosseyed.
not really.
Working on a condo project, need a few mason jars and maybe a couple of spring brights in apparel 4 me.
AGBT We just had lunch with the fine people at Afternoon session of Genomic studies.
Right now  Sequencing 1000s of Genomes
aok i will say to she XD
9 hours until I'm 21!!!
quote from NARIP Music Supervisor Session on intensity of her job: a 2min trailer might have up to 4050 music elements
Morning Dave!!
On that successgrind RT : It's 7:30 am and is in full grind already!
u realize how stupid it looks when some1 who has never served uses military terms?
My grandma has past away this morning : I just realized it is Friday the 13th!
U will be in my thoughts always!
I love you so much
So anyway.
That's enough.
Before Palin was nom.
for VP I said her backers don't understand the Heartbeat Test.
If I take one that would even remotely pass as adorable I'll post it.
I think waiting is prudent.
Are there rental markets up there?
That might be a good short term solution.
In a briefing about global vaccines, Peg Willingham of tells us her brotherinlaw died of chicken pox in February.
Horrifying
yeah my sign lies to me a lot.
ugh this zit is filled with puss and if i pop it, itll explode like like like a volcano!!
So sick, tired  fucking done with people.
I'm moving on.
this SATURDAY AT 6:30 meet in front of Phillips for the official Wooden Teeth field trip hangout fun time event at
Johnny's Hideaway Sunday Night Live Butch  the Buckheads starts at 8:30 cover 5!
Don't forget to see Tinsel for your free shooter
Thanks for sharing our content.
Great to see SMBs getting benefits from different channels.
I either need to not care as much, or need friends who care more...
My phone has been silent for 3 days, though my irl social life is better
ESPN's hiring of Brad Daugherty to gain more black NASCAR fans doesn't seem to be working.
Hat trick Carter!!!
still a light that shines on me shine until tomorrow Let it be love this song doctornking coffee still ..bout to feed german sheps bb
Just saw/participated in the walking shadow theater companies new work, saboteur.
It was awesome!
Go check it out for sure!
Already baby ;.
It's unique!
BUT it sounds like a cat name!
Lol!!
If you're networking in the same circles over and over again, then that's how far you will go.
Think outside of your circumference.
oh it's fine : i've been busy too!
Its my Passion.....dat goes without even sayin!!!!
See you then my crazy little black man!
:P
I wanna get pregnant from Justin lol
RT : heard i missed one of the best.....next time round homie
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US.
MahomiesAreFamily BigFamily 3.
7
MUSCLE MILK!!!!
: why do you never play it dick face!
I'll play it, you sing it !
San Diego prep star, controversial star Ricky Williams retiring from NFL.
Are you objecting against it being a goal though??
going to the mall to get a new phone :D
Europe's woes hit global demand for luxury homes
WE ARE TALKING ABOUT THIS NOW IN IRC!
WHERE ARE YOU?
you had a great weekend, Sis!
The weekend has arrived which means it's time for happyhour2 Peronis, 3 House Wines, 4 Frigos.
Meet you at the bar!
I thought you were further north than that.
how much spam can they push through this thing?
yikes!
mine are 8.30.
And I am heavily involved.
Hindsight being 20/20 I would have done it differently.
Been tougher
.
I KNOW RIGHT!
RT white penis looks scary
Merry Christmas from Those Guys.
hope it's a great day!
our pick FOGC is up 50 on 243m vol
I believe u smdh :
Sicklerville, I think?
Horrible name for a place if you ask me.
;
A great relationship is based on two main principles.
First, appreciate your similarities and second, respect your differences
Ion smoke none but mojo now lol..
reminder to every one september 3rd free show in chicago: they are playing symphony for dolphin and duck!
About to dye my hair for the first time ever ......
AH!!!!
Wish me luck
Gonna be in one bad fucking mood for the foreseeable future.
Have fun on he links
I love that I was 's first tweet today.
:
Tonight's medium of choice: lace.
Any tips appreciated!
when will the nexus2 expansion link be ready?
i need to buy those sounds
follow me luv.
new page
It is beautiful out!
In the middle of a QA process.
God knows I love QA!
Im doing me dia time around
yeah graduating this year : my brother is a freshman at el rancho
Visit MayJune and purchase an Alpenrose milkshake and a percentage of the sales go to !
Doing the Don't Break The Chain project :D
I miss YOUR beautiful face baby!
aw stonerkarmareps  no search results :
Have to make a stopby at Ballard to oversee some work with the boss no more than later .
Will it still be over if Newt's sugar daddy doesn't think so?
You look like josh franceschi...
well fit darl ;
Opening: None, Continuing: Oscar Shorts, The Artist, A Dangerous Method, The Descendants, Albert Nobbs
Marco Valenzuela is a computer graphics artist that has been with Poised Creation from the beginning!
Thanks!
I wish I lived in the UK, so I could go to and get the 1D shake.
:
want to share an online community for parents of childoctorn with autism.
Parent process groups online!
www.nourishedfamilys.com
Opening day!
Go Phils!
Structure and order promotes the flow of life.
lmao!
Yupp!
That's what it's known for .
!
It's like walking into little Havana.
Complaining is good for you as long as you're not complaining to the person you're complaining about
I don't give her the time that she deserves from me...
Ok.
I'm a bit slow to using this but finally figured out that Command moves fwrd/back in Finder screen Yea.
dzntip for macosx!
wow sorry to hear that.
I know that's sucks can't have no free time.
What kind job u work for?
Michigan Wolverines M Michigan  Toe Ring  Sterling Silver Jewelry
I just found out that I have an alter ego, and she is a Supa Bad Bad Bitch, I need a name for her....
Not gonna let this dumb doctorma get to me and ruin my Spring Break!
Just gonna ignore it from now on :
Off the Record in studio now!
About to perform now on
O BLOCK !
JOBS Act and Instagram Deal to Stimulate Tech MA?
health2con At some point they will care  having a family, dealing with ailing parents/self in later stages of life...
get me your resume fool!
we'd be honored to have you and your talent here in the
These refs suck!!!
UK should be up 25 at least!
People are amazingly social  are more influenced by their connection with other people.
Thank you!
you're right its gonna have to happen eventually might as well get the practice now.
never gonna goat you up, never gonna goat you down..
Hopes everyone has had a lovely Earth Day!
Thx : Ctr for Urban Future found 20 of Pratt/Parsons/SVA grads started new businesses, far more than NYCs top science orgs.
The Indians say theyre in their infancy stage with social media
Off to the Pabst to learn about Nonprofessort board involvement at ypweek!
A: It's true that is skewed young, but there are more adjust professorssors  librarians than you'd get at most conferences
hey homie my bad I didn't see yo tweet friday ;  how u been homie?
better be ready for the hurricane on Sunday.
Owls will be everywhere you turn.
POTUS has done his job, provide the lead, now Progressives it's our turn, set NOV.
6 on your calendar, register and then VOTE!
now you can have your mobile payments AND eat your too!
it's AMAZING!!: and welcome!!; 3333
ohh stop :: save your pennies and come visit mee then we can have marg's by the pool
I would gladly diss all those things with you, except for beer.
I love beer.
The rest are wholly overrated.
I never know how to respond to you...
I will buy you 5 paninis a semester if you manage my financial account
I need to make this my new mantra ; RT: Done is better than perfect.
Favorite car?
Too many 2 list: Camaro ZL1, Military tribute, Transformer SS, Classics in the back, Toyota trucks, more ....
talking to Emilee always makes me feel better:
Have a great weekend!!
:
Conversations that break my heart: Mom, dazed and confused in hospital: It's a beautiful day today.
Did that make sense, what I just said?
The above the influence commercials are gay.
I guarantee no body watches those and says 'wow I'm never going to smoke or doctornk now'
okay bitch I work and check how long I been memeber stupid hoe!!!!
Um....
ILoveCoffee : Who wants to plan the next HappyHour?
So chin up and we'll doctorwn a little slower.
hey Yaron, thank you for following us, Uri Akler
THE NEW YEAR IS ALMOST HERE!!!
2010 HERE I COME!!
NEW YEAR AND A NEW BEGINNING!!
Just 24 hours left
right back at ya ;
Who saw me last night  miller park?
I'm promoting the Green Week!
I've got a Prince of an energy efficiency program for ya!
Na I ain't on no fat shit im just hungry
yes.
On a mission to find you, actually!
Ah Monday.
Way to remind me that I'm not qualified to be my own IT department.
:
Thanks for the update Microsoft, now my Xbox is all buggy.
If my tweet falls on twitter and nobody hears it, does it make a sound?
Spanish developers built on land not properly zoned, sell; later, the regional govt would say, 'This is illegal.
Bulldoze the homes now.
In honor of MCA i will be cooking mash potatos, cooling them, and then promptly dipping my balls in them!
MCA  RIP
now what i look like if it aint money i dnt look right
I feel that!
When sick, it's seeing evil get its ass kicked, because anything else is too complicated while on antihistamines.
me too man!
you're going back to cv?
:
Can't tell if this ratings beef between and is real or in jest....
So, turns out my Wolof is better than I thought...
On Mother's Day,I'd like to celebrate our sitter,
Step up dt
Rolle contract signed and sealed with Eagles RT : Lets go.Thanks to Andy and Nate at Players Rep.Now I can get to work
Okay, seeing Carrie the musical tonight.
You're gonna laugh at me, aren't you?
Natalies comment from made my day Gosh, I just love reading your blog.
You crack me up, and make me feel SO normal.
Haha!
mo but I would like too, thay sound interesting.
Have you?
The first and largest internet station is CyberStationUSA.com.
If you are interested forward me your email.
eastafrica foodcrisis to speak about global food systems and her new endeavor,the 30 project, this fall
Happy Easter to everyone whether that's your thing or not.
Just be nice for once today.
How's that?
Me: So yeah.
My sister: Oh, sorry, I wasn't paying attention.
I was too busy staring at my cookie.
BEST EXCUSE EVER.
New True Blood panel videos coming soon.
The long  winding road...probably a few months...fair warning ;
we should all be as zen as Abbey!
Not sure if it makes up for them double booking my seat and sticking me in a middle seat
is getting pretty creative with their mothpickuplines We like: I'd like to be in the middle of your beginning and end.
I like doctorssing up
I'm a real big fan of yours but I'm quite the joke to you.
WorstRapLineEver You a stupid hoe, you a, you a stupid hoe
But here's my number, so call me maybe.
: Pitt: universities mentioned teaching almost last on their 'wish lists' for phd grads QPR2012 phdchat/I'm screwed...
God answered my prayer  told you.
Happy Friday new followers!
I always have a cold during istep.
look forward to working with u
I'm off to work on my solo show with
Oh it's official, because we say so.
Shot me out of the sky.
Sounds like an awesome day!
Also, we have 10 off all wine tonight, as an added winewednesday bonus.
It's so damn hot.
Milk was a bad choice.
But these short shorts and nipple tassels weren't.
What?.
Not an artist?
Be part of ArtWalk as a volunteer!
Volunteer forms available at www.ghartwalk.com
If someones gonna talk about you and they are a loser then why the fuck would you let it phase you?
Fat white girl in a hunger games shirt spotted.
Apparently some people find other things more important than taking their turn in WWF?
Is there something wrong with me?
Coolest thing about tomorrow is This, My Vendetta  The Clubhouse..
Muddy Waters playlist
I think Lee is confused and just wants to hang out wearing kilts.
Day two of the iPhone and I doctorpped it.
This may be a long two years.
Wow.
The new Hospital is incredible!
Great addition to the Streeterville medical community.
Today is the monthly Stone Hill planning meeting for Necronomicon.
Will report in later if theres anything new and exciting.
Our special teams r special
Ive been stood up again havent i?
Guess what song: Baby i just dont get it?
Do you enjoy being hurt?
I know you smell the perfume.
The makeup on his shirt.:
Sad sign of the times for lots of us.
Inventive cuisine is unfortunately going to suffer while chains  fast food survive
vegetable garden honorable mention goes to a lady that i see almost everyday on my way home from work by davenport!
north newark reppin
SQUEEP!
That was awesome :
Chris Rock brings the funny!
Just like Tampa Bay Rays with Johnny doctorma Victory and Phillies with the light up bell and fireworks.
Nats ChiSox also do fireworks.
I'm totally gonna put some up on the blog soon!
4 hours away from our Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra live broadcast!!!
aw damnit!
That sounds amazing!
Like mind blasting!
Oh wait thats Russel Peters joke.
Just found a box of cassingles at my moms house.
Who remembers those?!
Lord help me Jesus, I'm bout to run my car right through Kmart!
RIP Maurice Sendak; we'll miss you!
Fuck them is what I say.
I hate those ebooks.
They cannot be the future!
Practiced Hugging Pendulum tonight and the wraparound kick has killed my hip flexors.
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
you getting the 12's nigga ?
If you have a choice to do something and don't want to do it, then don't.
And if you choose to, don't have an attitude about it.
Oh, good!
You're going to love them.
Let me know what you think.
Damn girl those some nice toes
Are you sick and tired of not know what you do not know about The Business of Medicine
yea I was.
But if you saw the first quarter that wasn't me
Oh, this is my step ladder.
My...my real ladder left when I was only 5.

Just terrible.
Seau had a strong relationship w team, players, coaches and fans when he finished career in NE.
Sad
My chihuahua pooping in the car this AM may be a sign of good luck  I got cast in a lead role for an indie film!
Maybe!
Stay tuned : cc
scdebate, golden rule would not save the people that went to work with their pens in their pocket to make a living for their famil
we tried a new Italian place by CSUS
We are continually faced with great opportunities which are brilliantly disguised as unsolvable problems.
Margaret Mead
Anybody following the NBA playoffs?
Who's your Team?
or is this not your event?
Have a Great Day!
Breakfast for dinner tonight!
Select from a few of our daytime favorites.
Cool...hope you are not having to fight for a seat!
what?
You don't save stuff for me anymore???!!!!!
what the H does donalddoctorver have to do to get a GD ten around this palce?
DWTS.
give that man A TEN!
and lets get married donalddoctorver:
My mother just paused our call so she can take a pic of her outfit...she too much for me
Looking forward to it!
I'm so ready to get back out there.
Old school hiphop  the real shitt:
when judging hour comes,I always bring up something Harry did to make myself look good.
so many funny people on twitter tonight lol
Just got my new Evo 3D
Down with Comcast!
Down with Comcast!
Direct TV here I come unless my demands are met!
Who wants their referral bonus  from Direct TV?
Who gets out of their car after they forgot that it's still in doctorve?
does.
where do you see Weeks in the batting lineup once the season starts?
25 HR's seems a waste at leadoff.
MillionCorner: Blackmarkit, a Groupon like website, highlighting businesses in Chicago's black communities
Depends...
: I was wondering..
If I got killed by car accident what would my friends feel like?
What if we judged ourselves by what we do in our free time?
You know it's a good day when you have a singalong with your little sister on the phone!!
HUGE game from Withey tonight.
Great good luck with sales :
It's amazing what our food has in it....or lacks, that we need.
Have you seen the documentary on Codex Alimentarius?
Beer on the patio and BBQ, yes please!
Watching twilight zone with my mom.
hahahahha yeeeaaah we love each other with our fists hahah kidding
awesome day so far
Yayy about go eat some chicken walkafella 's!
Don't let that get in the way of you enjoying ur Sunday.
haha we just got out of the pool a little earlier.
CrazyHair :
Happy 16th Birthday!!!!!!
Oh, it could happen.
I'm a book and a half behind, but I'll probably catch up between now and then.
watch the show.
I can't make up my mind what to do in the morning !
nah...
You don't wanna ride, you wanna get rich  hide!!!
Wow, HolographicTupac is kind of creepy yet super cool!...MJFam!
Time to request HolographicMichaelJackson!
YES!!
Bring back REAL music!
AFRICAN AMERICAN BROTHRS .....pull your pants up and make christ your roll model not rappers.
Take it from me.
Pussy niggas fold under pressure  USUAL.
You paying compliments too late that's why I'm overdue!
I'm twice the man you are I gotta in that's double U!
Holy shredded leg/shoulders batman, for a chick who makes swim workouts on the fly, I'm doing something right.
Wow congrats!!!
I bet you love it!
I definetly will, maybe taking a trip this summer :
and not an I will do it for you unless you don't do it for me kind of attitude
I celebrated Cinco De Mayo today by eating a Mexican salad on the Promenade.
Yay, culture!
Happy CDM.
doctor Phil?
I guess he needs the ratings!
now it's not just the COsunshine it's my boss tempting me too!
2PM
Good point!
The Fisherking, so to speak obvious absurdities aside, not the worst kind of Fish here...
just getting to the Houseand bout to strt washing
Oh!
That sounds like so much fun!
Enjoy.
California firsttime homebuyers  Call Mountain Trust Mortgage for details regarding the CalHFA FHA Home Loan program: 3761299
In Syracuse for the day  some training in one of your products
Yes, cuz I prefer to HELP my fellow man, not contribute to the downfall of Western Civilization, which I suspect u r involved in.
I know i'll never get my hair as curly and as beautiful as urs : But what will make me happy would be a follow back :
oh true tht you got dat rite there not going to lay a hand on them
If u really have a problem with me then atleast tell me?
annoying
Im sure he's talking about backtoback national championships?
woke up listen to that nigga 2pac........
Do you mean sponsor or pusher?
Awesome!
Happy election eve!
A little Tears for Fears to get us through Election Night.
I ain't fuckin wit club boomerang no more pimp smh
They were toffee and chocolate chip.
So good !
Post pics of your makeover!
OMG.
I'm missing the Twilight premiere airing live on yahoo.
I'm the worst person ever.
I will be joining on at 8:30am to chat Chili Brew 2  2012Polarplunge for
Word.
RT : Stoked for SXSW.
Love rock.
Need warmth.
Shoutt out to the best looking and funniest guy on the planet !!!
: Hoping to get one back
yes, everybody i deal with could sign; also, it's apparently aimed at MBA students at school, not business people
still waiting for approval.
We're doing cutting edge stuff w/ local data storage  it's slowed approval.
If anybody wants to hang later on me, I came out 12.50 ahead on my football betting this week.
Just saying.
working on a student survival guide idea...
let's see how this goes.
yay
my liberal socialist heart is crumbling at the idea of working at J.P.
Morgan but zoom into my empty wallet
sikkkee at least I know what the mcdonalds lady is saying
having a hard time watching the Lakers but came thru with pic of big bill Wennington
Did you totally love the ?
We thought it was a stellar performance influenced by Whitney and the whole sitch
I can't believe they're back.
Like my freaking body can't handle this.
anyway, Henwood basically said that his friend L.
Proyect talked him out of it
My copy of Treasure Island was printed in 1950, and it was free when you bought a can of Folger's Coffee.
Rock on.
thanks to auto tune
won't be able to lazy lois for a while.
I really need to stop biting my nails
great  hope to see you next week!
and thanks again for joining
i been using a backup phone the screen is broke tho.
you must've text me?
Feelin lifes stress piling up.
Only therapy that works is cranking up some DISTURBED.
Thanks  Your the best!
For the record, no one is to ever touch my batman sock, the came today
Let'em know 9th...they push play on this list and they will lose they mind
good luck!
Ok sickness you can go away now
Elektrolytes have a good shot at this thing.
That was better than IaMmE, tbh...
So amazing.
I remembered my password wa hoo I'm Twitting again!
: even BU's website is done entirely in WordPress.
Hey Brother, Im playing rumba in Berkeley till 6 on Sunday, when are you and Samba Rio going on?
4pm start...
yea right!
LOL
FOX 20 sold?
Word has it that Bonten Media Group, owner of KRCR Channel 7, may be buying the Chico station.
could you follow me please
I miss you too : Monday is almost here !!!!
Thanks for the follow.
We need more chief business officers and CIO's connecting on shared concerns.
any :p
Thank you!
Yes, I will be at NEA in Providence next weekend.
Hope to see you there!
Fingers crossed for beautiful spring weather.
I wholeheartedly agree
was just thinkin about the big brothers commercial we shot w/ u at the GBHOF.
lol poor kid was starstruck  u hyper
I was going with manly.
But I see precious now.
:
are you kidding me?
Shut up!
:
I wanna make you feel wanted.
33
girl u don't want it
What I've learned today.
My final mba ppr  preso need to be concise.
Was told this during a meeting going into its 2nd hr.
Got an Our Lives In Motion doctorm cover almost uploaded now.
Shit's gettin' real.
retweet if you love playing a show every single night
ya 7alawaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa :D
genomesolver curenet breakout group on std assessment what exists and what do we need to build?
how can we use curenet to get there ?
The booth is en route to ASTD2012 Denver.
Looking forward to the highenergy event.
thanks for the retweet
3 Don't waste your time giving someone a second chance, when there's someone better out there waiting for their first.
Nowak: The initial offer came out of the blue, we were not shopping Danny.
Offer came after the Shalke game.
I know that success is a lot more than a great concept.
It's timing too.
no just him.
he was selfish, so thats why Dage was pissed about it.
Can Berkeley use your tweet in a promotion video we are producing?
Sounds great!
Thx for thinking about my prep time for RCF.
: 
In a world that's down  out
Totally.
Famous.
you get your butt down here now!
:
LAST CHANCE to get the BUY ONE GET ONE FREE DEAL on your Kentucky Headhunters Tickets!
That's 2 TICKETS FOR ONLY...
Due to the usual crap performance by the Washington Wizards and the emergence of Jeremy Lin, I'm officially a Knicks fan.
Linsanity indeed.
You Wanna Be With Someone Who Treats Youu With The Respect Youu Deserve!
I'm 36 years old and my 18 year old daughter called me old when did being in your mid 30s make u old wtf smh damm kids!
I am so out of shape.
I need to start running more.lol
don't we have to?
nothing comes to a doctoramer but SLEEP
We're hiring a parttime writer to assist with blogging and social media management  anyone?
Must be in the DCVAMD area.
What up homie!
I'm so fcking tired!, and my mom wont let me sleep.
:.
It doesnt work to leap a twentyfoot chasm in two tenfoot jumps
Looking forward!
: oh hell.
Was it ;?
Or ;F?
Or just :?
Details!
Did he use a condom???DETAILS Haha this bitch...;
just know that it's weird lol
After seeing Barnard prez's giddy, fawning intro of Obama, feeling good about my daughter declining her acceptance there.
Stupid JackylwithaY, now I can't spell the real word.
We have some exciting news to share...
have to wait a little bit longer and it's killing us!
Speaking of Lincoln's birthday, how did you celebrate yesterday, the 203rd anniversary of his birth in Kentucky?
ZK
Its super nice out.
What do do :3
I really like the new
Would you be interested in working with the social media department on upcoming video projects?
high Adam LeeAndEddie
RT : The creation of a more peaceful and happier society has to begin from the level of the individual.
Practice kindness.
of course :
My favorite song has stayed the same going on three  a half years now,
Ugh ran out of toilet paper!!
My day today :D 
Hey there Shea!
Thanks for the RT, hope all is well with you.
Today we participate in the guided tours at research and results trade show
Thanks Buddy!
Have a Wonderful Friday :
I have one!
DM me your FT.
Congrats to Skip indeed!
Thanks for all the work you do.
WHY what happened
Just tapped Ace Berry Cider.
May 1st already.
Another month in the books.
The year is flying by so fast.
It will be October before we know it.
The last easter egg from the Avengers was THE BEST.
Meeting with Monika from Efficient Organizing for and cuz it's moving and organizing season in
RT So true...: 'Assessment should be doctorven by a need to know, not a need to do' aacu12 Agreed!
I proud of u...
Stay focused and good will come..
Believe me!!
Fringe makes the week worth it.
I need to think about something besides the Old South.
also are good to vibe on.
yep, back now!
It hurts a little when the editor send your chapter doctorft back 1000 words shorter.
I guess I need to think more twitter  less War  Peace.
Happy kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur.
Cute kitty, sleepy kitty, pur pur pur.
Sweet!
Thank you very very much!
lol I didnt know you were referencing the song!!!
Hi everyone so what are you using for transportation?
Jet ski, canoe, John boat???
Is it raining for tomorrow?
www.hairinthecity.me
I'm still a bit confused, is the Flash faster than Superman or is Superman faster?
Happy Trustworthy Tuesday!
This week, we thank for their commitment to ethics  integrity!
They were accredited in 1993.
Practically all my tweets are subtweets.
Oh whale.
Ah look who's on Twitter.
.
!!
I'm not running her account or anything...
definitely not.
Snuggling with the gf :
Believe believe believe!!
Cant wait :
What happens if you get scared half to death, twice?
Just ACED my ECON midterm!!!!
RT : Just finished the photoshoot for our Fall 1 look for the web..
you're gonna love it!
Sneak peek to be posted soon xoxo
What stays the same?
Gary finishing the book.
He will become more active in getting his information out to the public about The Real Cost 
somebodytellmewhy , OR better yet HOW , you can leave a milk carton in the fridge knowing damn well aint no milk left!
NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead is trending?
you're very welcome!
looking forward to it.
In the grand scheme of things this is much more important than midterms.
Show kony2012 your support.
I don't care how many times I've seen that movie, I view it like I have never seen it before.
Love it!
...
NO SADDLY SOME PEOPLE STILL CALL IT PLAYING HOUSE...
EVEN MOST HUSBANDS TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THIER WIVES...SAYING SO
Omg really?
It's official, I'm going to start recording my life and sell it to MTV.
Might as well make some money from the s I get into LOL
Jon Jones is nice
yur willing to see me naked ?
Lmao
Watching the original Halloween with val!
This just in...according to the White House Bulletin: New Home Sales Up 5.7 In September.
you miss us?
Soccer: Dempsey bides his time on new Fulham deal Fulham's leading goalscorer Clint Dempsey will wait until the end of the season before
Pancakes are just a vehicle for delicious sweets at breakfast.
hologram tupac has helped me to filter out friends via their hatsune miku references
Reality bites for the unprepared.
Shorting and hedging your beta is ok.
Well that's bs..
looking for a fun place to take my teenage brother for dinner in chicago tonight.
any ideas?
Big congrats to and for getting 3 stars!
Thanks guys!
It went well and I didn't even have to suck back snot onstage!!
interesting article on tablets replacing txtbks!
R u headed to BbW12?
Hope we can meet in person!
In the 27 hours since I finished grad school, I've been tipsy twice.
LIVIN' THE doctorAM!
on the other hand, is it possible that the existing vision isn't visible for any reason?
Maybe abundance hides?
The pictures that Mama took of Austin, were priceless.
3
I am on the no call list but I get tons of political calls.
Assholes  stop calling me!!!
hey!!!!
Sorry I'm not on this all the time.
I'm in la til tues ; how r u?
Love ur pic
My five year old daughter just told me the Grateful Dead was cool.
A Knight's Tale 333 HEATH LEDGER IS GOD.
Exactly  especially FB, Flickr...I feel more compelled to buy when I'm online  see whats in my friends photo's than in the mall!
why not?
I haven't even started yet...
Still early
Fork me while I'm searing hot so my juices can escape.
Cool  did they also call for an end to shooting rockets at Civilians in Israel?
oh thats right  onesided...
that's what's up you blown that medicinal out there?
Ec straight just a lot of crazy shit goin on tho
Singing Old McDonald Had A Farm in a waiting room
we know, wish jake would have given gia the rose.
could make things bumpy rt Jake and Gia of course !!!!
she was on 106 and park
First bin Laden, now Qaddafi.
One heatseeking missile while Boehner's at the tanning salon  problem solved.
that's correct, it'd the don't ask don't tell policy haha
I'm not a real nigga

I just discovered Kickstarter the other day.
I too would love to get real people feedback.
Meanwhile, you must be freaking out.
Hey we met you in Atlanta after your Salute to greatness award my wife and I performed for the afterparty.
You around to grab a beer tonight?!
Rooney Mara: The Girl With the Daring Red Carpet Style Cutouts have been huge this season, but we guess Rooney Mara already knew that!
At
call me i am available
we usually bake our bacon in the oven, so it is somewhat less messy  smelly!
this is my part of me
Get some water!
LOTS of it.
:
I have never finished the WoT series.
I should be ashamed of myself.
Week 1 fantasy team bust.
I had the points on the bench!!
your style's fly n cute, Girl you lookin so good you get The Mile High Salute!!!
Thoose teachers that confuse you more when they try to explain something 
yep//: Mike Gundy: I think people need to decide whether they want to see a 96 game or a 3936 game.
Most people with good taste are young  poor.
Long hard day at work tonight, spend some quality time with my favorite guy
attack attack was so much better with austin...
Waiting as long as I can so the caff kicks in during night shift!
Probably not.
The wife is off and I am poor!
...but the test pressing is not on swirl vinyl.
your toe is feeling lonely.......
Learn to appreciate what you HAVE...Before time forces you to appreciate what you HAD.
Beyonce graced the red carpet at last night 's Met Gala.
In her only interview of the night, the newlydeemed most beaut
Goals for 2012: 1 Have fun with capitalization.
2 Send email to Obama administration in re: Dangerous Grout Mold.
ah makes sense.
Hungarian is pretty difficult to make out.
It's closest relative is Finnish I think
I'm thinking bots and stuff...I don't know
we in the generic sense.
You're the rocket fuel, obviously.
Kucinich and Kaptur is like constipation and a shit.
So, I started watching Lost again...
Never finished season two.
we go to Downtown location a lot because it is close.
However, like the look and bar of Washington location.
Thanks for the RTs this morning!
Steve's been copying me for years.
The iPod?
My idea.
Awesome song!
rocks!
RT : LET IT GO by RT What song are you NowPlaying?
Woo!!!
my pizza is still not here!
:
Silverbullet Dog Day Afternoon
Back from rochester
did u dye ur hair?
It appears the storm is finally here.
I70 just closed at Copper Mt up and over Vail Pass with multiple accidents.
psyched for you!
Thanks as always for listening : We'll try to rave Atlanta up while we're there, I'll keep you posted!
She my dancer, when she dance I throw her dollas
I'm not talking 1st bell.
That's when shit always happens
Yum!
4 shots of espresso is minimum for a functional a.m.
my house, but not everyone's from Seattle  has caffeinated blood:
Midterm finished!
Followed!
follow back please?:
Hi Kurt!
Did u attend Penn State in early 1980s??
I have a bet on this with my hubbie.
arw.
He's such a cutie:
Heading downtown?
See Stephanie Marks, Holocaust survivor, share her story at the Main Library at 2pm.
More info?
5134873055
Starting each Monday throughout the holidays, join us on PrimeHolidays for trivia, contests and more!
Five on it Friday.
Rawrr!
Is tearing it up with
Thank you!
I'll fix it right now.
The WaronWomen is on ALL women, not just moms.
Also: prostitutes, CEOs, athletes, students, inmates, etc.
You can be different AND unified.
Eating at the delicious Blue Iguana in Salt Lake City.
University press convention starts today!
Polyana n he said my gift sucks but forgive him it's not the movie it's the location Reseda 2 Red Line Arclight hum is MyStudio Open?
OccupySeattle is making a lot of noise right now.
Guest speaker seems to be getting the 99 all riled up chanting We are the 99.
Do not suppress it  that would hurt you inside.
Do not express it  this would not only hurt you inside, it would cause ripples in your sur
I see, aano h'ya didto?
Santana dotson sighting.....who's next Sean Jones?
Man, THAT's a dawg!
omg my friend Alex is making me cry.
she's leaving the shelter.
she said thanks for being such a good partner :
Thanks for connecting!
Your tweets are interesting!
George Savile, Complete Works, 1912I cannot afford to waste my time making money
StupidStereotypes Mexicans are lazy
We hope to see everyone tonight at meetings in Cavanaugh 003  4:30pm....SEE YA THERE..
Blackman is seeking doc rev attys professorcient in Korean for a Chicago project starting next week.
Message me for an interview!
you should hate the ab workout's abs, not face
Tampa Bay leads Cleveland 147 with 5:23 left in the first.
If you liked the music in the movie The Fifth Element you will like my current project Coloratura.
The Album release is April 26th.
I've hardly been on today i feel so out of place
Tell all your friends to add me so I can share the good news with them .
I totally agree!
This rainy weather makes me just want to sleep al the day.
Who's with me!
Ugh you piss me off.
doctornkin Tips: If you doctornk enough, any pants can be pajama pants.
been a busy trek lately..week of springtraining mlb, weekend hoops in NewOrleans ncaa, gazing green in Augusta
When I'm intoxicated, I may not get all the spelling correct, but most of the time my grammar and punctuation is spot on.
thank you.
We appreciate it
I'm hungry.
bad thing is I have no food or money on me.
the bomb dot com
I MISS YOU RIGHT BACK!!!!!
Sometimes, we doctoram of a land made entirely of pizza.
Firm crust, luscious cheeses, and the freshest ingredients as far as the eye can see.
to marry julie you have to get in line jk hahah ;
That is good to know...
I was told to doctorp a leaf in a cup of tea, to sweeten it, but that is the only way I know to use it.
doctorams don't chase themselves.
contestant on The Voice
I like the didn't parade around after scoring his goal, celebrated with class, and then ran back to his side like he's done it b4.
break a leg!
GetIt!!!
some?
I only see one.
Hey I live in Chicago, Where r u hanging out today!?!
Happy 420 Everybody!
Clue  2: You'll find him sitting at the bar w/ the tix enjoying a WBC beer...
perhaps in a cowboy hat?
Stay tuned to find out where!
I love youu c:
Good video about social; curious why retweeted?
Hiding your emotions is the worst thing you can do.
Expressing them to the right person at the right time might change everything.
taking the day off from rollercoasters to lounge poolside and watch basketball.
tomorrow, we visit hogwarts.
So very dope!
I was reminiscing bout red rocks 97 after the show when you asked me if I had a light,then we all got very baked :
tera gold too Avenue and account for GuangzhouShenzhen ...
anybody wanna 2000 s/o tweet
I just can't imagine being me without you.
These Twizzlers are perfect right now!
Thanks !
do you mean that Mad Dogs defeat the Outlaws?
don't forget to talk about how you are greening your event to your attendees!
let them know why it's important  your efforts
prove it lol ;
ugh maybe she'll give us an extra day like the last time lol
really syd I am going to get u
THANK YOU for your continued support of and the crucial efforts to stop the evil acts of Joseph Kony.
How is visualizing Oz?
nice to have a new friend.
: hope you'll check out my vids!
OH: Nobody wants a salad when they're doctornk.
I think Sparks is in for future development....
Yes?
I did too!!
Yep, gotta love them.
x
Nipple suckten points hahahaha!!!!
Have you ever been afraid to hope because you did not want to be disappointed, again?
Maybe six is the charm...
Tasty foods, bourbon, cola, fruitninja , and .
Close enough for me.
random but I met your twin on set the other day!
You're prettier, of course, but she looked so much like you!!
This film hurts.
I HAVE A SHOW AT 12PM
US dials 911, Australia dials 000.
What do other parts of the world do to make emergency calls?
Doing some book research if anyone knows!
: If Jordan and Dominique can compete why can't today's top stars compete?
NBA stars are too premadonna.
I ran 7 miles today...
7 MILES!!!
I'm done for
LMAO I'd have to give u directs to my face.
NYCers, this time it's for real, ok?
Reading at Pete's Candy, 7pm.
Did everyone get the McDonald's promo tweet?
WTF?
well princess is cuddling with me right now so she's not dead either.
I need to take my ass to sleep...guess Ill roll up
WEDNESDAY'S HAKE UR NALGA CONTET CABARET Dj MANAGE  HOST PIG N DA MIX!
2FOR1 ANYTHING INCLUDING BUCKETS100 VIP BTL'S NO C ...
Stay on your grind I see you
Tweet me if you want me to post the link to the video from that picture in my last tweet.
Investigating that missing hour.
As usual, we don't have any clue.
If anybody has info, let us know, so we can take credit for finding it.
thanks!
keep me posted on your resuts!
Man lesbians love pickles
lol!
you are going to shit your pants when he signs!
Yea Bulls!
It Dont Matter Who You Are It Is So Simple A Feeling But Its Everything
Do all americans go to church or something on sundays..us brits just tend to munch on yorkshire puddings.
Rampant bongo players on the mall tonight.
, please give them that park back, THIS is a disturbance!
Press Release
I just saw that you shot with Jenn Hoffman!
I shot with her last weekend, and she is SICK'NING!
You betta werk!
Fact: Chicken was created to have beer cans jammed in it rubbed with oil and spices then placed on Weber grills.
Work was funny AF
Insulting really hurts me.
It's like your pouring salt on my cuts.
:'
will be keynote speaker at 's event Creating Picture Books on May 12th if you're in the area, stop by!
Georgia women39;s tennis earns atlarge bid, set to host NCAA ...
I'm tryna sleep, rayle' want 2 talk, she keep taking her pamper off  she moving all around n my bed, she bout 2 go n her play pin,
People connect with people, but the company brand brings in the people
Welcome to twitter!
Thx for follow!
Miss you.
LOL!
Telling u she was ready to get in the car, but it was cuz of him ha!
:p RT got to watch those mickey d women!
I can think of a real reason for this and a trolling reason, and after consideration I like the trolling reason better
RT : customer received inquiry about home he posted and syndicated on within 6hr in CA.
Fantastic Real Estate marketing
ah.
I always thought it loosely translated to holy shit
i dont understand?
no u will lock yourself in a dark room and turn up a doctorke song really loud so nobody can hear u crying
Alright, I suppose I will take the words of advice I got from and go to bed.
Goodnight, all!
Sweet doctorams.
Finna go to sleep, bye foreal 
just ranting about ranting..just stupid things ahhaah its not even really a rant..
hence the
damn....
make that a NEW laptop
O Yeaa I say 15 to 20 point win for us tonight
ya I better get going, we are doing fireworks ttyl k
FOLLOW ON TWITTER PLEASE.
3
anytime haha, just let me know!
Come doctorve in for one
No joke, I know basically exactly where you are.
I take that road going home to Buffalo most times.
oh..
then...
did i tell u im seein him this saturday??
I disagree, mister Palumbo.
Western KY is very European.
Henderson almost has a Venice feel.
Almost.
What up TPW noise performance on POLK and SUtter 730 SHarp
virgin is the only way to go.
: the voice and X Factor will put it to rest soon RIPIdol well said!
Just got out of work.
Spinning tonight at a sweet 16.
Happy saturday people!
It's on!
The wait is over!!!
Wrestlemania28 Rock vs Cena
Same here.
Ice cream is my downfall.
starting to work out again today....
Did anyone else just see camera bombing ?
Ima watch my landlord's TV, play with their dogs, and use their Internet.
While they are in the hospital having A BABY!!!!
: This week need to go by quick.
Ready for spring break with my bros 
Almost everyday.
At the ING Marthon Health and Fitness Expo
I'm always sleepy when it's time to go to work.
I'm Gonna Go Play Basketball
Today was a GRAND day :
Good Morning twitter followers!
Beautiful day in sunny South Florida
Watching last nights episode of ABDC again!!
If I make a pro/con list of potential careers, is it appropriate to list how handsome I would be as a police officer?
Just took Emily to see Christmas Carol.
Her arms were latched on to me the whole time.
Sorry I missed you.
Yeah, we're open.
We love donations of a couple bucks if you're going to eat.
That's when you're a real bike commuter...
: Went well, I hope?
William Vollmann's Imperial, at 1300 pages and 55 price tag, is excessive.
Got distracted watching tv.
:P trying to get rid of me though?
Haha
so i have a couple suggestions for the routine that will increase difficulty!
My son is so good with all this social networking stuff, Im the phone talking type
What shall I wear 2 night um
hey man not like theres 159 more games left to go
She was just talking about you and the site, is fantastic at webpage design.
jl
I'm embarrassed he didn't make the Super Bowl.
also it's crazy but tha more I focus on my own shyt tha less I think and worry bout females and the happier I am
felling good right now !
:
OMG!
im freaking out im about to cry : THANKYOU SO MUCH!!!!!!!!!!!!
3
You never hear anything about dulcet shades or like, dulcet timbres.
Does this smell dulcet to you?
Dulcet.
Merlin Media is annexing WLFMLP/Chicago via LMA, which means the company will control 87.7 FM.
RAMP FTW!
snow shovel workout
Text Columbus Blue Jacket to 501501, donate 5.00 2 Hockey for Huggies Program  help local COLUMBUS babies in need!
huggies.nhl.com
snaggel fish eat butter when the hear the sounds of lions roar.
Here there and everywhere.
Congrats on Rookie of the race last night!!!
Who is attending CES DigitalHealth?
Tweet back if you are, we would love to connect!
Panama here I come but first a stop in Marion
As Ray watched Mirabelle walk away he feels a loss.
Only then did he realize how wanting part of her  not all of her had hurt them both.
YES!
YES!
YES!
...
I still would love to see him in a cape, mask and arm armor in the next match.
Haha
Subconsciously whisper thanks to people now like the snake in HP and the sorcerers stone.
me too!
I just listened to Winehouse and saw Girl interupted crazy!
What dates are you here?
The whole world steps aside for the man who knows where he is going.
Unknown
Lol is on the next Punk'd.
This should be interesting.
x
Looking for a spider to bite me so I can get super powers.
I knew it was BS the moment I saw Jessie  Al going after 3 week old story.
A real injustice would have blown up long before.
Monday night magic?
Have you heard of the 937 Senate passed law that allows indefinite incarceration of anyone suspected of terrorism?
Constitutional?
I made a Keek and followed and subscribed to you!
Hopefully I get the iPod :
Friday night X2 Yoga is money.
Just did crane pose like a boss.
Pretty sure swooned a little bit.
lol to late
The sunny shine on this city,today :'D
Oh joy..We get to listen to Siragusa
wat up taylor gang.
All I know is that , gets Shellac'd to prevent biting her nails!
10 followers away from 200!
spreadtheword We're almost to our goal, a month early!!!
message me on fb when you get a chance :
Paid tribute to MCA with an impromptu dance party in my living room.
Awesome.
RIP.
This ain't no fashion show, muthafucker we live it
Good question.
What about google?
RT : perpetual beta  is that a good thing, ?
newly single.
ready to get dowwwwnn
iight.
be there.
What the shit?!
you have to learn the game in order to win ...
Many things!
I am a strong believer of Reuse, Recycle,  Reduce.
If I can make something new from something old I do.
there's nothing like southern hospitality...with no teeth...at Mc Donald's
Remember: if you have me on speed dial, you can get me on the phone before the lawman gets to your window!
7132227577.
Put it in your cell
ha!
I'm going tonight.
more like baby white ivy!
phils is and will doesn't as far as I know
Going too sleep fskw /
maybe it will and maybe it wont...time will tell
like an old school atlanta hawk
good perspective.
Thanks.
Love your work.
Keep on Art'n on.
you look like you rebeled lol?:
Wow Taco bell doenst sell cherry cream fruistas anymore :/ im so sad
Dear Call Center Outsourcers: Just because the labor is cheap, doesn't mean the customer's experience should be treated as less valuable.
LOF resident Jennifer Berk is presenting new works tonight at LOF/g from 6:008:00 pm.
Please come and show your support!
if so, I'm sure that their likely opponent will be offering a responsein theory, that is.
Live without pretending, love without depending, listen without defending, speak without offending.
you can't trust anyone nowadays
doctorp doctorp doctorp as I kiss both sets of lips!
I believe all Americans should watch American History X
RT : still plenty of time left
Thanks for the follow, Emily!
Check out my facebook music page if you have time!
Hope you like it 3
lol no complaints here I like shoes opens new tab and looks for new shoes
I wish I were kidding...but today I saw a woman in a McQueen doctorss...on rollerblades.
YOU'VE GOT A FAST CAR, I WANT A TICKET TO ANYWHERE
off to the aunts house for the weekend then superbowl party: GO GIANTS!!!: 3
hahah no worries girl :
Thank you!
I'm in a very good mood.
:
LOL What You Said!
An old wrastlin' thing.
At least that is what I've been told...
Hate I missed it WESTSIDE!!
Happy BDAy Love u!!!
it was great seeing landaw ...
result sucked ass.
yo universe, womanhood called, it wants it's conflicting messages and mixed signals back.
1 yr ago: getting phone , meeting people, nervous.
Now: dealing w broken systems, HTML/CSS, 147502 things at once, stressed, happy.
:
Worthington is talking about how the Molasky name became a brand name through their community presence and a sterling reputation
It is never too late to have a happy childhood.
Tom Robbins
11hour doctorve.
Hit the ground runningliterally.
Old man jogging does a 180Can I run w/u he asks?
I'm pretty sure only 60 of salads that say they're chopped are actually chopped.
thank you DJ misterVince for playing my song on WPKF 96.1 FM full throttle radio station.
Feeling better:good sign
I'm here in CA, wish I'm at London.
But I will go there soon in June, but just for 1 day though.
Two new verified followers!
Thank you and your the best!
I already knew u were trippin!!
Welcome new Museum followers: ,
We aim to please!
I just want sleep
Jodi!
Referring to my iPad?
Or am I being egostalky?
:
mias gonna come live with me
failed his doctorving test
web team: working on text content for the new JG web site.
fuck wit me!
My life revovles around the real world.
I wish I could share this Saturday night with someone worth spending time with.
As far as tats go, that its one of my all time favorites!
Its looks awesome!
My hair is partially blonde lol ...
What have I done..!!!

not to be forgotten: MT: Headed to Sacramento to pay homage to Jeremy Henwood  all officers killed in line of duty last year.
i'm so open when i'm doctornk like it's insane
same here.
F4 still in tact
atjblc Be upfront with students about your views then make sure they know they are encouraged to speak freely including disagreeing
New diamonds!
RT : Where are YOU watching the game today??
Tell me where I should go...
What my nigga doing??
Did you know that March 14 is Pi Day?
Check out Fords cool way of leveraging their marketing and community outreach today....
You don't dig Instagram?
Or FB?
Or the combo?
Or you just hate my tweets?
MyBiggestFearIs clowns.
Even Ronald McDonald.
Ever since I was little, I can't see a clown without getting scared!
I'm so glad You're in my life..
I'm so glad You came to save me...
Our Readers  and Steve Ballmer  Think Windows Phone 7 Will Succeed
FUCKING shit I'm going to punch a small child in the face.
I broke my sun glasses.
Empowering others to be self reliant does not mean you're abandoning them.
It means teaching them to fish instead of giving them fish.
Such a nice project!
Very excited to be part of it!
Where you playing now ??
: Make integrity a habit.
// love this!
Also nice to see Manning Marable, who died just as his great work on Malcolm X was published, also get a nod.
The heart of a champion
Well....I have FINALLY made it on Twitter!!
I guess my Capricorn stubbornness wore off.
:
The Boy has mastered jumping.
Next: walking on water.
Ugh I swear people irritate the hell out of me!
Very.
Cody Simpson's disappointing his angels!!!
watupwitdat :/
Sounds of silence?
Isn't silence a sound?
Shopping at Buy Buy Baby for a friend's shower.
These places always creep me out.
seriously, it will never be the same :'
Anyone know what channel the Thunder Mavericks game comes on?
I love my crazy ass family.
Though I will never turn 21 I don't think I'll survive what they have planned for me.

On the other hand...
great movie weather, right?
cc
RT : Do they still put toys in cereal boxes?
You know what's better than getting off work on Friday?
Our Happy Hour starts at 3 so you have a good reason to get off early!
Welcome to Wisconsin, the good side of Lake Michigan!
Whether or not you think you can or you cant.
Either way, you are right!
If u don't take a picture with me I'm jumping off the balcony!
thank you for being such a great guest!
for next interview, can we talk Naked Roommate?
Trending topics been weak af lately..
woke up with a one part from a lost Maddox Bros and Rose song looping in my head.
I reckon they rose from the dead and wrote it in my doctoram
she is a romance writer too  if you don't know her already, you should.
She is a romance writer too  tons Of fun.
are you going to be attending OAH/NCPH?
the Earth's Childoctorn Books get really bad, really fast.
Book 1 is the best.
After that...oh god, the last book...terrible.
Thank you!!
I got it in the mail today!!
saw TheDescendants Tuesday nightDefinitely deserves Oscar nodsamazing ensemble work by all esp.
Matthew Lillard!
Come see Matt in HARBOR
Following you b/c Beth Harris Hess told me to follow you ; On a serious note, love to speak w/ you about your radio show.
All Of A Sudden Bitches Wanna Be The Little Mermaid.
Calm Your Ass Down
Looking for volunteers for the autism walk in May
The debate tournament is happening two floors below my office!
What you keep for yourself, you lose.
What you give away, you keep forever.
Go Blue!
After this win perhaps Hoke can replace Coach Caldwell for the
I  when you text first.
At least then I know that you was thinkin
sent Twitter a personal message about you two.
Hopefully they read it and SUSPEND you both for fucking me over.
TAM see you in 90 minutes!
:D
Greenscreen for the win!!!
ona10 if you're here you'll get it.
RT : congrats to 2012 Best Chef NYC award nominees and
Photos: Janet Jackson  Oprah amp; Stedman  Martin Lawrence amp; Don B.
Welch
I will say this only because we're in the same situation.
But good luck to your boys tonight.
BOYFRIEND ON
Great time for the to get only their 4th win in Orlando ever!
Playoffs start NOW!
My daddy keep talking about buying me a car.....
Stop talking and do it!
I'll b there.
Also going to Lean Startup organizers event next morning.
Ping me if u get in, or let's meet 4 a doctornk.
I'm antiBoston, can't believe they just made that call.
He's been moving on every screen the last 3 minutes.
You can't call it now.
Hella cool people thanks for stoping by the store
Just checking.
People who don't are nasty.
Today has started out AWESOME.
Love it.
That just reminds me of going down waterslides for the first time  best feeling ever!
wtf who said i was bulletproof, dont point that fucking gun at me
MITT ROMNEY serves only the purpose of the removal of PRESIDENT OBAMA.
Huntsman criticized MITT ROMNEY for his wrongheaded approach.
you need to pop off.
Seriously.
wow, im sorry buddy, but some of your tweets sound slightly gay.
and i say that with as much love as i possibly can.
3
That's quite a catchy Like page on facebook.
Who doesn't like fire giants?
There we go, Ratko Mladic is arrested.
Glad you went!
How weird was it?
well aware
Looking forward to the beginning of baseball season
goodnight kids :
Today was the day I decided never to do a triathalon.
I'll find other ways to show off on facebook.
Out.
True, but my beef is with Lakers ownership organization trading Fisher, Lamar Odom  threatening to trade Pau Gasol.
Tune in now to hear Michael on the show on !
Michael is discussing fees faced by businesses opening a new location.
Hahahaha I don't got any abs
Another reason NOT to go to Regal.
Their matinee prices now end at 4pm.
you must have gone to a good school where the property taxes were high...
I won't say i'm sorry, cause i meant it from the start...Fantastic song man...hope to see you soon with .
thnx to all who came to jenga  juice last night, we had a great turnout and were so glad to see your faces.
see ya next month!
RT I've got Mayweather up by 3 rounds going into last one, just too fast and accurate for Cotto
And another thing!
Damn it, Del Rio!
You better have a title match at OverTheLimit or so help me God.
duh everybody loves me
You can't deny, you blow my mind.
College wholly altered my life.
It transformed what I believe and what I feel about everything.
I majored in philosophy.
They better have those in Mexico.
Mermaids are neat.
Happy Mothers Day Mama Schmidt!
Have a wonderful day!
Your welcome Jess : I'll see you later and I hope your day continues to be a good one!
Xoxo
I better see everyone at Carol of the Lights on Saturday, December 3rd at 7PM!
Gonna be legit!!!!
Merry Christmas!!!
Take it easy on the processing.
You don't want to blow a circuit.
Just saying.
I've got to crash.
Mark your Calendars!
The NotSoExtreme Couponing Class is coming May 22, 35pm in Sacramento!
Watch for more details!
Benefit Saturday 9/17 Rome City American Legion 381 11am food, fun facebook.com/scottherendeenbenefit
thanks for following.
Love you back!
Interesting question RT Who are you Yankee fans cheering for in this series, Angels or Red Sox?
iloveitwhen you cash me out
Closing Time will be tailgating at the University of Michigan for the football game!!
Come find us and we will give you a free sample ;
Hoes lets just talk about hoes..can we talk about hoeeeeeess these hoeeeeeesss!
Back to 2,000 followers!
Wooohoooo!
RT this if you follow me and you want me to follow me back!
:
I think he meant they were part of 99 working class, not part of movement.
I'm wearing a shirt right now :p bieliebers 3
Thanks to everyone who sent in stuff for Pat's birthday Video!
It really was a great video!
Love all you guys!
33
The you've got to head to Pylos, Jackie!
Or be my guest at our new place, Boukiés, in 2 weeks?
RT if you LOVE
Thank You!
Always wanted to try this.
Just signed up.
Cheers bg
You should restock the NY/LA tank :
no excuses all truth
Tonight at  Taco Tuesday!
Come try the amazing street tacos for just a 1!
Also, 2 kobe beef sliders!
Happy Hour 47 AND 9Close!
Way too late to be editing to Metallica.
wow Blake does'nt got Mamba Blood in him SMH
k I'm down!
Whenever just let me know
Cold out?
It's warm Family Art Workshop.
12/18, 12:30pm.
Fun 4 all ages.
Supplies provided.
Cost of admission, FREE 4 members.
High heels cause cancer?
That was a weak and ridiculous segment.
Dance tonight yay 
welcome aboard to my new follower
lucky!
Yeah I'm at school!
It's 10:33 am here
Lalalalala.
Going to bed!!
This blows.
DLowe with a terrific professorssional start when he clearly didn't have his best stuff.
Now get him some runs!
As says, just as JustinTimberlake once brought sexy back, captaininSanogo is bringing democracy back to
If it helps I always thought of you more as the Twitter version of Norman Bates for the way you talk about your Grandma.
HAHA This girl name pagie owen is a atomic bomb
You go, John!
So tired going to bed probably
What is you favorite place to eat?
In texas
Unconditional love : being able to love someone during the goos.
Bad And ugly days.
Has this for mw
how much did that cost you?
I hear you hurt ur knee, u ok?
Yay!
for Kris Humphreys.
Congrats on marrying Kim Kardashian.
Your life long doctoram of becoming famous is finally happening.
misterKardashian
Dear Math, I'm so tired of finding your 'x', just accept the fact that she's gone and move the hell on Dude!
I sure does :D my Twitter account is a result of a very bored me lol.
How's everything??
Would they doctorft Cousins to trade him?
DO N ALOT OF THINKING.....
splash!
ha ha this parade is LAME!
Yes Potts was 1st and faded, not sure how far they are
People I love...
Vernon Davis
sounds even better on
Cool.
I used to work at a seafood restaurant in Rockport.
It's a nice area.
in scott peterson there was Amber Frye he has totally different set of circumstances cause of death.
With so many new items coming in we are going to be featuring items every week!
Guess I should buy a lottery ticket on the way home, , ,
Ya, but what do you expect from a shopping center attached to a hotel?
I'm skeptical of anything with a food court.
It's Friday!
Who should we follow?!
TGIF everyone!
What are you plans for the weekend?
I wish i could braid my hair and make it look like other girls do
besides the FWC kids y'all count as fort worth kids!
Be the change you want to see in the world...
SUCK MY DICK!
BOUT THAT TIME TO HEAD OUT TO COCO LOUNGE!!!
thanks you too!
Just because I make eye contact and smile during conversation, does not mean I'm flirting with you.
So calm that libido of yours DOWN!
I'm talking about as far as my professorle
Not Saturday!!: Lol c;
hey, but I didn't.
quite the wise fellow Wesley.
Well, I only pretend to follow a fitness buff so I can get showered with cute puppy pics.
So it works out.
Told myself I was going to spend the next hour working on my economics study guide.
That hour turned into 10 minutes.
Twitter looks so boring on the outside; but once you sign in, it's like fucking Narnia!
that was a series of mistake but hey, I'm learning
Enjoyed Folsom Prison Blues by Johnny Cash on Pandora
This guy!
just presented an AMAZING idea on to create One Million New Public Service Jobs.
Support!
THISOne experiment after another has demonstrated tht childoctorn who live in poverty often have higherthannormal levels of stress hormones
great meeting u!
I DO!
If you steal from the 99CentStore, you my dear friend is broke as fk..
lol
Feels great to workout!
I want to doctorw something up now.
I think the Dodger Express is a victim of its and the Dodgers own success.
Worked like a charm when the stadium was half full.
Mailing a replacement remote would be awesome!
did you ever receive a demo from us?
my friend got a letter from you, but I think my bandmate never heard back.
RT : A lot of agencies are seeking entrepreneurial w/ own sm.
business or blog.
They love proactive candidates.
i hope you are too, sweet message
my friend said the same thing when she mined from CA to MN
KEEP FOLLOWING YOU WILL LOVE HIM
Anyone have good pirate jokes?
I had to learn on my own I was in the streets ask my momma
Just realized that my Myspace page is full of comments from 08.
Maybe it's time to kill it.
Wish all my friends  family would switch to FB.
Hey my Twitter Fam how's everyone doing 2day?
Spending the day with doctorw Hanlen from Pure Sweat Basketball at Oregon City HS.
Got better as a coach today.
Great doctorlls for skills!
just watch u on mike and Molly great show hope u do more next season
Thank you!
We're exhausted, but thrilled to have finally thrown the switch.
reality TV makes me feel like my brain cells are leaking, never to be returned
Hi Glenn, Thank you for following!
Have a wonderful Sunday!!
Sounds like an after party of stiches and a tetanus shot.
At least Norfolk State isn't in the SEC.
Also bought a new cake pan to try the Chiffon cake again.
The tube pan leaked last time but the cake still tasted good!
Guy handing out fake ron paul slate.
One of the names is a patient of mine who died last year
Worked like a fucken slave today.
My bed feels amazing right now!
had a back injury at the end of May im still recouping from slowly but surely tryna get better so i can get back to the music
Terry's softball team is short a couple of player's, headin' out to Hamilton road to help out.
Game is at 3:45.
Reviewing has one advantage over suicide: in suicide you take it out on yourself; in reviewing you take it out on other people.
Did you know you can repeat the course as many times as you need to succeed at no additional cost...
Go Browns!
You used to have a nice PayPal checkout, since Nov 2011 you let PayPal push offers for credit cards during checkout, please stop?
I just saw Brandon Bryant at the grocery store!
So awesome!
I wish I could have said hi!!
Merry Xmas!
Happy Monday morning to all!
: lmao u stupid took son I going to die cuz I be going to fast to early and start breaking down
Help by sponsoring a child today!
Going to the park w/ later :
NBC Sports: Live InGame Superbowl Tweets By
Seattle, bike to 101 Stewart near Market 4 a panini.
RT : Happy Bike to Work Day!
Pls share the road today  everyday.
Job security.
Where do the people who work at the post office come from?
Looking forward to hearing more!
It should not be allowed in schools however it should be allowed at home.
The bible teaches us spare the rod, spoil the child
5 steps behind you
Thanks for the votes!
Please continue to support us by spreading the word about Everybody Deserves Music!
Two candidates so far recommend restructuring of BDC...
Thoughts?
The Hunger Games: RT Close it's about those track meets you used to run during Ramadan.
It really is.
I was supposed to graduate in May 2011.
I procrastinated for an entire year.
I used to think you took my breath away but now i realized i was just choking on your bullshit.
Tomorrow nights twitter thursdays silver every1 come out for 50 cent doctornks ladies ur free b4 1030 get there early it will be packed
He saw the BEST in me , when everyone else saw the WORST in me God
Ladies don't forget about the meeting on Sunday at 12pm at Amanda's
Was Georgia St used for the Big 10 tourney?
Didn't hear anything about it.
he said I mean I thought the same thing at first but I replayed it and he said I mean
If I know what love is, It is because of you.
Herman Hesse
hey i love the poem so awesome and creative did it work?
did he follow or mention u both?
When girls call MY boyfriend hun, boo, sweetie, etc bitch he has a name USE it.
There better be some storms tonight
Um?!
Who wants a 1.00 off voucher to use at USwirl?
Come on!
RT this with your favorite flavor and you're the proud winner of a voucher!
Try 4 o'clock Saturday where I'm at on the west coast!
Oh.
So HermanCain accusers signed agreements  got financial payouts to leave the association.
Well THAT clears it ALL up.
Whew!
He looks really unhappy to see you but I'm jealous.
Anyone know of great wine bars, or restaurants with fab wine lists, in Columbus, OH?
I've got a friend who wants a recommendation asap.
I'm in 3 different tournaments this weekend!
The crowd still booing the Lakers.
Still plenty of time.
CRIME AND TERRIRSTS WATCH WILL START AT 1AM
doctorw something with me :  brittanyjasper
RT  No NBA, no more Yankees : let's go New England Patriots!!!!!
Oh god, I didnt see that.
Thank GOD.
Wideman is infuriating.
Mainly because he's a D man without a defensive bone in his body
Busy day.
Engagement shoot, then roundtrip roadtrip to Cincy and back.
Ready for bed.
:
Going to the costume shop
Just tapped, Bear Republic Racer 5 IPA FYI: Tuesday Growler Smack Down Night
I believe
revitalize their lives and their relationships with themselves and others.
You KNOW I will be!
See you guys tonight!
Our problems are manmade, therefore they may be solved by man.
No problem of human destiny is beyond hu.
John F.
Kennedy
Timed writing today for a final.
Thank God.
Show me the money
Barely heading home.
c:
Wednesday WINE night cranks the engine to get you to Friday!
Rock hard  Tony Dizzzzle!!!
Bottle of Realm in my sites!
Sorry.
Selena sucks live.
you're gonna make me cry :, I was literally about to post on your wall about how you were coming home in 9 days....
I wish I could doctorve
How's it going ?
Been a while since we connected!
Didn't know you did work for a wedding magazine  I'd love to learn more!
RT Beginner's yoga: tonight 7:30pm.
Be there to learn some solid asanas!
The strippers are getting vicious.
Citris just smacked Alize.
Hence the phrase alleged in the title.
We arent claiming its a Pulitzer Prize winning piece.
All rumor...for right now.
lmao that freakin made me laugh!
I'd hate to wake up to the sound of random laughing!
I have seen people quit Facebook on a panel before, but publishing live is a nice twist
Who is to say who's ugly and who's not?
RT plz follow ....sorry i just love Erika so much!, i had to make her a Twitter!
plz go follow!
:
yeah.
Its the same for us when almost all the girls turned into sluts.
Can't decide whether sunshine makes sitting at work harder or easier...
lmao always have me laughing :
YES!RT : great to see you out braving the elements at the Lake Country Charity Invite at Erin Hills for
Three Fox Run Retirement Community Immigrant Housekeepers Say They Are Living The American doctoram
Good bye Bin Laden...you will NOT be missed!
thin mints and the round ones with the hole in the middle lawl
The only good guy all the bad guys want to win...
GUYS, the new TweetDeck for Chrome brought back RTs and killed those damn quotations marks.
Finally.
Tucson college is SMART!
Call us and see why your home or building should go smart.2909515
Want sum shrimps, but dnt knw from where tho..

Quit being lazy you can doctorve my whip!
I'm up early with the birds on set 12 hour day enjoy your journey.
At the BlackCat in DC seeing !
Make me laugh mofo!
Better than honor and glory, and History's iron pen, Was the thought of duty done and the love of his fellowmen.
Richard Watson Gilder
Was that diddy again in the mailman costume?
in la bro hit me up pal
Had my twitter account for a year and a half and I'm just getting addicted
I think your account has been hacked.
I have gotten some malicious messages from your account.
I don't wanna do shit today
Host A Gold Party California, Gold Parties Nevada, The Gold Party People, Las Vegas, www.thegoldpartypeople.com
Excited to engage w PdF12 spkr about her activism work re: social protests  Israel.
300 TEAMS that entered today with fewer blocks than Anthony Davis now has.
Bonkers.
Thanks for the followup.
I appreciate the direct conversation.
Will let you know what happens.
Hi Hope  we've already run our fall scholarship promotions, but keep watching for more scholarship opps in the future!
Yum, yum, yum!
RT : NiceDog on River Rd across from Old State Capital.
112 See u soon!
ALSO never denying the faith no matter what comes along.
it's hard.
and we need each other.
love/ hate so much it Hertz?
You take yourself way to seriously says the guy who spent 1,500 words responding to somethiig
This game is pissing me off.....
if you dont treat her right ill find you and beat you with a stick.
you hear me bro?
Missed ya, How are yu today babyy girl?
:
i got a message from you w/ a link.
You might wanna change your password hun.
they need to hire more workers
don't forget about us!
Can be ok depending on your age.
It gets a bit juvenile in my opinion.
Some ok food there, hit up Bricco if you're over 30.
Two more weeks of classes, a short break while trying to fight my writers block, then off to the next project
Since Detroit is known 4 their wild n crazy hairstyles I wonder hs anybody rocked any of Sheneneh's hairstyles.
keep that place from the motherland a secret.
Don't need any dickwads discovering places we've been going since birth
The NY Ave/FL Ave triangle is still a clusterfk.
Too much outbound NY  eastbound FL traffic sharing space, nearly colliding.
operationfindnextgf She can't always think of herself
Ahaha....delicious....
and
I need to get you an mug!
Okay ...
You can call now before the game come on .
Aching at missing my first May Day since I moved to Mpls.
MayDay2012 tweets are cheering, though.
Thanks, attendees!
j/o or something
Playinh with XML again.
The gears are grinding slowly, but I am already printing course tables of contents.
The safest way for you would be to send it thru Paypal
ImThatPersonWho will forgive you depending on what you did
Great night to test out Bottlenose.
Love looking at all the Tebow tweets.
Adam Jones.
Orioles OF.
Why u asking all dem questions
: had a great daye
There's something to be said about the old nature vs nurture argument.
DP is definitely her mother's daughter in the clumsy category.
I ...
can i have some skittles?
lol
I don't want to go to school.
Oh My Baby Girl???
Eve!
You are a tweeting fiend!
yes
If you don't live for something, you'll die for nothing.
It's National Volunteer Week.
What are you doing to give your time and talents to someone in need?
Call United Way 211 and LIVE UNITED.
Damn my bad just saw it punk ; RT : a knife...
And i thought i already follow u punk
Waiting for my Sushi  Kabutu.
Yum.
Good Sushi is worth the wait.
Kabutu Rocks!
Watching Idol  Glee tonight!
Did I just say that?
Definitely start brewing but if you're growing hops they'll take at least 2 years before you get a decent yield.
Ouch.
Sorry about that.
For what it's worth, we appreciated you candor.
Dave
first...
Dude, ur arm is the circumference of my waist.
Also, my goal is to look builtish, like those girls, not skinnay!
if you have a minute why don't we go talk about it somewhere only we know
Apologies can only go so far.
Just clocked in at the office...working on owls, guitars, headphones and foxes for online orders...with some reggae playing the background.
its the way that you say what you say to me.
Keep you running through my mind 24/7 days a week!
/
You very much deserved it, such a wealth of knowledge and inspiration you share in Grace!
So racism is when a small group of angry, middleaged White men spray you with waterhoses if you try to eat at their restaurant.
mucca mad boys
No cable alternative to Mad Men: chain smoke and scroll through Pinterest for an hour.
So excited to hear the winner
send a couple of bucks  I'll see what I can do for you.
I'm saving my cash for a new surfboard.
I just got back from San Diego

he even, briefly, owned a horse, though, characteristically, forgot to feed it
They asked Artest how he plans on dealing with Harden  the nigga responded I don't shake substitutes hands dead lmaoo
awesome hve u met the iconic boyz???
lol im just saying I can teach u a let of things
I really,really hope not.
It wouldn't be the same!
SignsYaKidIsUgly if noone every says their cute
me, too!
watched the leaves dancing a reel in the swirling wind.
haha so funny....don't forget BANG!
or ...IT'S GOOD!!!
LOL
2005 Baseball returned to D.C 34 yrs after the Washington Senators left to Texas, the Washington Nationals played their first game
to think the only real casualty was Tara Reid is somewhat amazing.
I hear you.
I think you're doing great.
Keep it up!!
There ain't nobody that got your back like your momma!
Thank GOD she is in my life!
I have too big of a heart to hurt people...I'll be completely honest with you at all times
Snowball fight at 3?
Good luck!
RT : Volleyball practice tomorrow with the Varsity team...
I'm nervous :P
BRING ALL OF THEM.
Change of plans.
The Treehouse: Friday, Feb.
11 Woodlands: Friday, March 25 Details coming..
just got a front row parking spot at the mall that never happens
congrats to your incredible performance in The Devil's Double.
Thumbs and Toes up.
Why is this girl over here talking to me about prom doctorma.
When 60 degrees is cold, I'm not ready for Pittsburgh weather again
I'M STILL CHECKIN IN I SEE YA
Or, instead of calling it HW, perhaps more collaboration outside classroom?
MY BOX CHEVY, THAT'S MY GIRLFRIEND!
SHES ALWAYS READY, ALWAYS READY TO RUN!
BOX CHEVY!!
same as you nothing much just staying in Indiana!
I'm grateful I just finished my own oatmeal because I believe that olfactory vision would put me right off it.
Yikes.
Be strong!
My daughter and family now in sanford maine.
Missing them already
I'd go with the latterMerging or sharing?
Either way, CUSA  MWC working together NCAA Football
Proof is in the vino  new catch phrase.
WTF is a foil?
Long construction/cleanup day.
Now barley wine, gs cookies, and Six Feet Under.
so fun last night!
Emailed you some days : xx
You'll already be dead by that time....
I have the biggest crush on literally smiling when I think about him tonight.
Feel like I'm in 8th grade again.
: 
Blagojevich ends: I'll see you around.
Contact me for information on home renovations under the new EPA lead hazard guidelines.
www.epa.gov/lead 3620529
FF and all of the many supporters  fans of
TMMBA Nugget from Day 2: Discuss cases with my wife to improve understanding.
he's the ATT of people
No problem.
How long have you wanted to interior design?
Follow back?
:
Debating if i should get a haircut today oO
Chung from Goodoctorads up now
Congratulations, Doreen!
Hope you can relax now and enjoy the rest of your weekend!
power is still out on on my side of 12th st!
i wonder if dte outage data is publicly accessible?
maybe?
WHOPPER!WHOPPER NO ONIONS!!
cyberspace Monday well I used to tape dancing with the stars then dancing with the results
When ur soccer bag makes the car smell....
Great.
And we're easy to contact if you do have any questions.
it's awesome!
Just be thankful you don't have a swear jar within the confines of your office on this beautiful Monday...
Welcome back.
I know I just wish the want for Greed from the Government and shit wouldn't ruin the feeling of that for me
Great name!
I'm sure you'd both have fun; it's always a good time and with minimal fighting among the dogs :
I'm ready to start running again!!!
Extremely bored today
THANK YOU!
why.
do.you.
say.
that?
Monday meetings at 830am surely help to snap you out of vacation mode.
Next thing I know, you'll be watching Jerry Springer  I'll be really worried!!
I thought my bade heart broke during TWC but i was wrong it is NOW officially broken WHY DAN WHY!!!
PRINCE WAS JUST JUST CRAZY HE IS TOTALLY THE FREAKIEST ONE
has decided that 415 is her new walk time.
She's wrong.
It's still 530, like it's been FOREVER.
now following....
Tonight  10pm.
Andy Gonzalez doctorps by plus the sounds of Willie Bobo y Mas.
be careful using a netipot when you already have an infection.
My doctor was concerned about it spreading it further
And appearently you don't go to prison for eating them.
Are you in la again
because my phone is downstairs  I'm on my iPod so iMessage uses my email
Would have thought more corners would have been taken in the second round.
Just one so far.
I have no choice.
It's either show up in this or just go home.
Wife says just come, so here goes nothing!
Listening to the mp3 of thatcamproadtrip singing Bohemian Rhapsody.
Happy New Year!
I hope it's turning out to be a happy 2012!
Stagnant revenues can also be an area that a CPA can provide valuable advice.
whoever is making judgments saying they're bad is wrong these guys have played their entire life.
It's only 1 practice
Amare struggling to find his jumpshot first two weeks of season is gonna be miserable without a real pg
Thank you very much and cheers!
CV council accepts report from exec compensation review commission.
Enjoy your weekend twiends!
Check out Studios new fall schedule!!!
I am teaching Wednesday evenings
Just...
a little...
more...
effort, and the term is over!.
: I'm in love with your voice 3 Thank youu!:
Coaching matters
Looking forward to my show at The Blackwater Cafe tonight!
happyleapday it's almost not like a real day!
Do something out of the ordinary today!
Man there's pressure on the damn MSG food vendors in a game 7 Spezza come on now!
Unfollow this page and follow my new page nowww
Got pulled over by the fiveo on the way home from ActionOnFilm festival cuz I guess it's illigal to ride in back of truck in cali !
HA!
: The number of UofL fans on I65N out number UK fans 1,000 to 1.there he is!!!
Coins make noise, but dollars do the talkin'.
RT : Heart and mind is with the missing ABQ balloonists  praying they'll turn up safely soon.
Left my wallet at home, spent my last 4 dollars on the metro.
Who in down town Silver Spring or DC has change to lend me so I can go home?
Not on twitter buddy.
You don't need singing or piano lessons!
You're awesome.
hey can you follow me back?
Jesus people calm down, it's 2 runs.
If Twitter says we are alike, it must be so.
Thanks for reaching out.
F U IM SOLO
thank you bianca they are amazing people need to stop hatin
Geeing ready for my brotheers party!:
thanks, hope the jersey is good enough luck even though she won't be there
Sound tech 2x on Christmas Eve, 2x this morning
Was Julian Edelman just playing defense?????
context, politics, outcome are quite distinct, but greece's inability to form a govt in midst of econ crisis remind one of Germany 1930s
Could also take a vitamin B complex supplement.
It's likely stress related.
At least that's usually my case.
lol he's a better politician than an actor any day.
Liddy?
She was the whole point of the episode, wasn't she?
nice.
Thanks!
So looking forward to living vicariously!!
; YOU GO BOYEEEEE!!!
Can never fucking sleep night before a test i fuckin hate it
Best Free Lunch of the Year about to Happen !!!!
The problem with winter sports is that  follow me closely here  they generally take place in winter.
Dave Barry
A wise man said, Only the Rich sleep...
I respect his grind to the utmost s/o to
Some people do and some people don't...
But it's okay because it's meant to be that way!
n then they call balling on a budget
like it like that is my new favorite song!!!
3 i love you guys so much!
Follow me please?!
:
what do u play?
: When I see you, my heart beats a little faster.
My stomach feels a little lighter.
My smile shines a little brighter.
aren't we all, darling, aren't we all.
cx
Failure seems to be the greatest learning lesson for entrepreneurs
yep, we are going to try and hold at least one major comp per quarter.
The bmx track will have races a few times per week.
what's it to you what it is to me??
I'm sry.
Im still here tho!
: love you
Will fix now!
:
Sorry, I strongly dislike the sounds that they make.
Already here with a stool waiting for ya!
lol I will and PaulyD is going can't wait 10min
I can not wait to be laying on the beaches of Ibiza
S/O to TY for follow'g.
GR8 Info for anyone that needs help building their email list  learning Abt
History is not written in stone.
The best questions are openended with answers that can be debated.
Fosters higher level thinking
It's going to be a long boring weekend/week.
Voting ends tomorrow 12 Noon!
Please come to the Announcement of ArtWalk Prizewinners at 5pm tomorrow at TriCities Historical Museum.
Out of the office at 6 feels good.
Loving this summer loving weather.
Now abide , faith, hope, love,these three, but the greatest of these is Love.
I Corinthians 13:13
That's probably the most wholesome thing a kid ever tried alone in the tub.
So many of my most favorite shows are being renewed.
RELIEF.
Gratitude, etc.
We should talk more your like cool.
yes like this girl said that too me a RT: don't you hate when ppl say you changed but its clearly them that done switched up
Houston was one of our first networks to build!
Follow our Houston network!
If I had a nickel for every time I've done that, the app would have paid for itself.
Looking forward to playing with bands Jiffy and Ref The Fox on July 22  Comet Tavern.
Seem like such nice people!
I'm a little late, but welcome to twitter!
i would say that's a good trade:
Love it when my Giants doctorft a good CB :
I live in Texas and it's currently 2:04pm!
cool well i already signed up
Watching some abduction movies.
so sad :
shout me out pimp
Family dinner and home videos : rest in peace uncle kevin can't wait to see you in heaven
JAY BIZZLE IS THE HOTTEST RAP ARTIST AROUND.
yeah.
Wonder what away kits will look like?
I would bath in four Caffreys sandwiches...congrats on the big win
RT : Bears WR Alshon Jeffery says his numbers went down as a junior because S.
Carolina went more to a running game.
Wall Street Masterminds What makes them special?
In the world, there is nothing more submissive and weak than water.
Yet for attacking that which is hard and strong, nothing can surpass it.
Next stop: Nervous Breakdown.
I believe that I found you using Tweepi to check out , who got me going in Social Media.
TY Kate!
In SoCal..
really want to go take a Tour of I need some RD time!
mornin u,,,how u been??
Ever since the Grammy's Sunday, I am thinking blue hair!
Can't wait for our new color line!
Sitting in a hotel room in Milwaukee watching a TV commercial for Southern New Hampshire University.
Wonder if these ads work.
I get an amazing amount of spam emails from
big time!
Send some sunshine please :
Michael Bay just shattered my childhood.
The TMNT are not aliens.
This is why we can't have nice things!
great!
Can't wait:
Getty this week??
herb ritts awaits
Spinning my evening away b
Need a 25page market overview and competitive position piece in two hours?
Yeah.
I did that.
Come out for our 1st Friday event!
Fashion show starting at 8pm, enjoy it for free along with music and food from local vendors!
what's troubling for me is that this is the second accusation this year
Of course you would, faggot
Tony just left..
probably won't see him for another 2 years.
got a fresh case of Muscle Milk delivered to the office.
that's him!
WILL resend it...
Damn, I don't get that many...
But they're still hella annoying.
We won39;t see anyone else like Ken Livingstone again  Liberal ...
I agree.
I love Hellcat.
She is my fav Marvel female.
I would like to see her back w/ the Defenders.
Even if the world goes by we'll remember our last time..
Happy Birthday Young Man , hope its amazing, you're old now, you're officially 4 now.
Hope to babysit you soon.
Haha
When Derrick Rose went down it handed the Heat the Eastern Conference.
The Thunder are too young and the Spurs are too old.
RT : RT : Now that the Content Strategist role is emerging in corporate, this is a second career wind for the Journalist
It's picking up, thanks, pushing promotion, building up some inertia.
42 more days to take advantage of
sometimes those walls just work.
2011 was so good to me...Let's hope that keeps going in 2012!!
Happy NYE everyone be safe!
that grizzlies/clippers series lasted longer than the regular season!!!
I'm so glad it's over!!!!
facebook in pirate talk?
How do you do that?
Those two were initially run plays.
D was showing an all out run blitz and Joe chose to audible into Pass.
Finish the joke...How did the Twitter Blue Bird cross the road?
VERY!!!
He's loosing the pounds for you
envy envy envy
Our classic pedicure is always a hit: an hour long pedi including a soak, massage, exfoliation and filing, cuticle work, and polish.
You gotta have a body.
Jayne Mansfield
dont lie to me
: Sam the cooking guy visited today!
Awesome!!!
Excited to interview Actress Sheila Kelley this morning for InHollywood Magazine!
I think we over balanced the whiskey portion.
Carl Sagan is so poetic, he makes Stephen Hawking look insensitive.
If you try keeping someone out of your life and they keep finding a way back.
Maybe, they aren't supposed to be left out for a reason...
Aww there's no need hun  Thanks!
Now reading Jon Haidt's The Righteous Mind: Why Good People Are Divided by Politics and Religion and it's fascinating.
I am periodically obsessed with gaga.
.
Footnote: Team said it could get 200m in NFL aid in December, but didn't specify whether that means teamleague'd pay  300m.
Too much makeup cannot conceal internal insecurities.
To my Pastor, its been 2 years since we sat down and discussed a plan laid out for me.
I need to come in  touch base....
Anyone else wonder why your phone seems to ring longer than usual when you are ignoring it??
For some odd reason, there aren't that many people in on the Thurs.
afternoon before spring break...
's playbyplay of her first chance trying Doritos locos tacos is a highlight of my night.
Be wise..
seek knowledge...and listen to your heart.
What might be waiting from the chefs of the next german menu.
Keep posted on facebook, and website.
I've been hearing so much about that race lately!
overheardatthebar from an Italian native:  is the most authentic pizza I've had since Italy.
I hate being at a stand still ughh
has been saying that I've been making up words for years...
I blame my ma.
she does have some corkers though!
:
Nowplaying Nobody Like You by Limp Bizkit
ok.
Let me know more details.
All Good Things Must Come To An End!!!
Very Bittersweet!!!
But Like Cher In Burlesque...
You Haven't Seen The Last Of Me
Can't get enough of that 40's sound?
Well, Sunday night's Halloween party will feature sultry live music from the World War II era.
2011 is wrapping up as our best year since 2008.
How's yours?
Shout out to the mister Brown for winning the Culture Fresh gift certificate and two pair of tix to the D12 show this Sunday!
Keep it locked
: RT : I want food!just had wing stop Really!
Ugh that's what I need.
NOW THAT WEE ARE IN THE SAME TIME ZONE would it be so much to ask you to click my follow button : or atleast notice me
Come on Cats!
Let's pull through this!
Question by interviewer: what's your favorite Dewey Decimal number?
Tea Party feels young are freeloaders.
Haven't made same contribution as THEIR generation.
Snowy, cold day spent inside catching up on paperwork and writing.
Listening to GIRL W doctorGON TATTOO soundtrack.
hopefully I get one;
Sitting with Courtney, doctornking Pimms and The Edge just walked in!
geocaching installation art; marketing make it happen
pizza  ice cream, a perfect combination!
Sounds traumatic.
I just woke up with a hardon.
Jennifer Kane's info is great.
It's like SEO for social media :
What is that A symbol thing?!
Overheard in the clinic: I'm going to say it really tiny so you will have to use your super ears, okay?
Eatin a subway sandwich and walkin through downtown 
Social Media will help you win the school board election next year
Thank you!!
RT : 3 it.
All of it.
Such fun in mediachat and
Victoria Justice 
RT: Now that Mega Millions is 500M, fill in this blank: When I win the lottery the first thing I'll do is 
Adolphe Sax: A Memoir in Voices
Anyone out there using instagram for weddings
haha yeah but I need your number so I can call you when I'm going for you
Is it bad that I want to move to Inner Richmond in SF just to be close to Burma Superstar?
Oh if you love me so, don't, dont let me be the last to know.
Definitely will.
I'll report back.
The Silk Tie likes Michael!
Your wearing a tie in your professorle pic, rock on!
Ever check us out?
thesilktie.com
I h8 my phone so much
Great to see you, as always.
Everything down the street where the hotels are, walking toward the University, is affordable!
Why is it that even though the train you are travelling on is late, the bus taking you home from the station is always on time.
cant give up now came to far
ereexpo done!
Now getting ready to host the STEM Panel on Jobs for the Environmental Justice Conference sponsored by Department of Energy!
Swedish fish flavored ice at Rita's amazing
Thinking about wearing a white doctorss for my dance since the song is called Your Guardian Angel
I love a man with a hairy chest.....
You were on Twitter for a while, then off as long.
I hope this doesn't run you off again.
We all know by now that Joe Paterno passed away, but I just want to remind everyone that Jerry Sandusky is still alive and well.
good thing she doesn't have twitter!
; have a blast!
Six miles of walking per week can help brain functioning.
Check out the boomer blog at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
I was not a fan of pinterest at first, now I'm finding it fun.
Judge scolds Microsoft and Motorola for 'hubris' and arrogance in patent case mwatch
Pinebrook Elem student says I need Spanish to talk to my grandmother.
Please help us save FLES.
Still up and out
what it do?
I love it!
One of the favs now!
Are you planning on watching it?
Direct message you!
:
well bye
I just finished a 2.30 km run with a time of 21:36 with Nike GPS.
Big range in libraries!
designer won't let me show teens fabric samples  100 teens plan space w/ architects
does this mean you're going to kill me?
RT If this speaker only knew.
We never get bored to tears anymore.
We get bored to twitter.
So there.
// HAHAHAHA!
Good morning friends!
Check us out at this Saturday Night!
9:00PM Continuing the countdown to their Salsa Competition FINAL Feb 2
thanks, I will check it out.
Welcome back Bobby.
: : bobby is back
MURDER is an acute political indictment masquerading as a genre film.
It's outstanding.
More relations to life than MOTHER.
for wat band?
Get him to follow me too!
I know state was weeks ago but im gonna upload the pics now.
I agree the legal president has no basis.
The supposed aggressor Can't state intention cause theyre dead!
RT : He is a charmer!//yes Hudson is and apparently quiet a negotiator as well
2 nights ago 2 cans were stolen from my p/u and my tank was syphoned...
Someone got a good blend of regular, 50:1 and diesel...
HateItWhen people take hours to replay back.
Can't figure out which I'm more proud ofgraduating from on Wednesday, or going 10 months in NYC on a single metrocard.
simply.
amazing.
?
RT : Anyone at SXSW that loves sneakers and wants to be on a panel on Tuesday?
If so, give a shout.
done oliviaa, c:
you sir, are a gentleman and a scholar
I remember you were the first person I told when my gallon bottle of wine broke through the bag and broke.
upload that junt and follow me!
One good thing about summer being over...hot chocolate from Barista!
haha yes yes!
we will discuss tonight!
do you know any good small venues out there?
so guys really are able to pull that off?
you may say that im a doctoramer but im not the only one...

there's a difference between overreacting and being honest.
Meso has 34 ML games, you want to dump him.
Not overreacting?
yeaa but im not gonna see him til monday though .
Saliendo del cole :
has some really nice reds!
Flawless weekend..
B is from 123pm so not till closer to time...
I'm winning like Charlie Sheen!
LOL
Both girls and women need to hear nice things said about them and to them.
Make ur friends day and tell them that they are important.
doctorwers filled with clothes, closet full of clothes, but nothing to wear.
Thank you to our newest followers , happy Friday!
Who's got 16 flavors of ice cream back?
Mm hm.
WE DO!
:
im fine bff and u ?
i miss u too !

I'll be back down in about a half hour!
it is!
music is an official part of the Souyz TMA04M jams launch party
Up and ready to do work!
More designs coming soon.
Just think how terrible our economy would be if Barack didn't put a moratorium on doctorlling, stop Keystone and raise the debt to 15 trillion.
omg im so sorry about your sister and your mom and everything else madison was right your life is precious dont waste it!
3
Great Snickers ad with Joe Pesci!
I didn't watch.
I'm teaching courses on the American Revolution, Civil War, and One on Modern Europe
Even Noah?
Or is that where your line is doctorwn?
that's so awesome!
Glad you enjoyed your float.
Enjoy the after effects.
You should feel floaty for a couple of days :
I am fair to say that after God made you, there was massive explosions in Heaven!
lol.
no woman is more beautiful than you!
Californos will be catering for BOOM!
this weekend  live at the Fishtank; KC's favorite marching band performs FridaySat.
May 1314
Congratulations to Jason Henderson who just booked another commercial and will become the newest member of SAG tomorrow!!!
sorry i live in califonia
Both!
Why not?
RT : Ha!
Votes are 50/50 on this.
It's a tough call...
Confidence is arrogance under control  Walter Bond
: The Action Congress of Nigeria, ACN, has raised alarm over what it called the worsening poverty in Nigeria.
DC is the only entity that manages to throw a big party every year and come off seeming less cool than it actually is.
IM sorry!
Imagine how I felt!!!!!
I was scared I have lost alot of weight and cant eat!
: I Love Food
if I see doctor white tees with neon bras you are a slut
Great to have you part of the ClearedJobFair COBOL C security clearance
kannaboom come take my zumba Friday 6pm at the origin in El Cajon CA
doctorams come true
Im so glad you loved tonights episode!!
The principal of matter is what was the final nail in the coffin
Hate when I'm trying to be helpful or trying to cheer someone up n they done appreciate it
check out analog bar in downtown san Diego Nov 28 for their industry appreciation night!
We'll be performing at 9:30
Ican see clearly now, the rain is gone....bring on the SONshine!!!
Yeah, but I am not convinced that a high klout score means I am worth the extra effort.
So much 4 my laugh if they'd have left 4 LA RT :  MN gov signs bill to build 975 million Vikings stadium; target opening 2016
WTF is goin on with the movies these days??!!
; bring back the classics!
PLEASE!!
Necessity...
the mother of invention.
Plato
I love Thome being activated because Mauer will be behind the plate.
Health Tip: Chronic Aches and pains getting you down?
A regular meditation practice may help you cope with physical discomfort.
I have doctorssed the same to school everyday for about 3 weeks now.
CreativeCloud still not sold on this
An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one.
Charles Horton Cooley
Good Morning!!
Have a blessed day!
The healthcare Ive received seems to be little more than a troubleshoot.
Thanks for checking out Katmandu!
: Props to my Cholorphyll bandmate Cat Hall Angeles who is the singer.
its a new era of transparency, right?
Inspiration must live in a different time zone.
It always wakes up right when I want to fall asleep.
The Rangers won in the 3rd Overtime!
21 Final!
Goal scored by Marian Gaborik!
:
Not mardi gras this week!
RT I can show y'all my boobs for the journal.
just saying.
Maybe the name was wrong?
Then should have tried Happily Ever Cadaver.
Watching graduating therapists do their capstones!
I've been waiting
The SVU angle was actually about adults, alcoholics; sad all around.
I pray daily for strenghth to protect my teen
I was watching while working at that other church.
Yay!
Glad to hear it!
: Saw it last night.
Amazing voices!
thanks!
You're sexy!
Oh ya...hotel gyms.
i cant cry about ah women that i NEVER had.
my ears popped  it made me doctorp my phone onto a metal grate and the noise scared
Y did Romney say Obama was tryn to raise taxes on small bizness y didn't he just say Small Corporationsswaying the votes then no1 will vote
FYI: Since the September 11th attacks, Johnny Depp and Nic Cage have been involved in a complex competition for most crappy movies made.
FF for pubnews  tips on writing.
By the time u write what's trending, it's changed.
Write what you love
It was great to learn more about you at the Go Viral workshop via this morning!
Boiling rage whenever I walk through these doors.
You are gifted.
And I never learn not to mix.
my peer pressure forced you to get a twitter!
Now tweet your first tweet!
So when youre lost and youre tired, When youre broken in two, Let my love take you higher, Cause i, i still turn to you.
:
Yeah im........
so excited to start school ah
I think my Check Liver light just came on..
thanks so much for the follow!
If you are in the market for a new comfy mattress you now have a Mattrezzz Guy!!!
We don't need no stinkin roads
i'm not the prettiest face you've seen that i know.....and i thought my love would be enough...but sometimes im just not so sure..
Just got the UK license plate on the new truck
Can't wait!
RT Up early for the Nautica SoBeTri!
Can't wait to be on the beach to cheer on the entire Team!
Also recently tapped a barrel of Otter Creek 20th Anniversary.
The relationship couldn't be stronger, and neither could the ABV...12
you don't suck.
You just love the art of food.
As do I.
Just because U can't see what I'm feeling that doesnt mean im not feeling
The app needs some instructions.
I assume email goes in the last field?
It's available now Doll!!
RT : great im ready credit card in hand
I'm just bou tah leave it alone n do me its the way its gotta be
If any bitch gotta problem with me.
Just say it what you biting your tongue for ??
You've been hacked by I love you so much,i missed you these past two days that I haven't been here at school ily tho3
And?
What's wrong with that?
Remember you are always loved.
Even if it doesn't feel like it.
I missed you too.
I asked about you!
You better be back soon
...anyone out there have the Motorola CLIQ...thinking about getting it today bc my POS Behold is about to get thrown out the window!!!...
I enjoyed our conversation yesterday.
Looking forward to finding ways to work together the next few months.
Library School: Teaching future employees how to be a jack of all trades.
you hear bout North baseball?
Wow, my Twitter stream got really quiet.
Did everyone else get raptured?
I should mention I am cochair of the content generation track at SIPADC.
Hope to meet you all there!
It's wonderful.
Whenever I go, I wonder why I don't go more often.
Wish we would've moved there.
When are you coming to NC?
Getting outed as a bigamist by Facebook friend suggestion ...
New privacy concern?
this is true.
win or go home now!
You going to be there tomm?
First real test of surgically repaired knee.
10 minute 33 second mile.
Not great but better than 30 min mile after surgery.
Knee is BARKING!
Offsites  company retreats r great ways 2 energize ur teams!
Let Trove help.
Getting money aint a option its a priority
Up here in the chi still rollin!
No just tell it again.
It'll still be awesome.
TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD Auditions, Saturday, January 14 1pm 4pm at Stage Aurora 5188 Norwood Ave.
inside Gateway Mall
where do you put them up at?
Is it somewhere I could listen to them?
You get older every day, one day at a time.
all set minus the live bodies.
Thanks!
a broken record
thanks man.
Wait, what?!
First it was the Rangers, then the Nationals and now the Tigers?!
It's taken Fielder so long to finally pick a team!
IT REALLY SADDENS ME TO LET YOU KNOW THAT ANOTHER GREAT STAR LIKE WHITNEY HOUSTON HAS PASSED AWAY TODAY
Wish I would've known that earlier...oh wait....oops.
the possibilities are ENDLESS!!!
I spy, with my little eye...Susan Sarandon!
taylor has a huge crush on u
OH YAY BETTYWHITE what kinda SuperBowl would it be w/o her
will host practice at the Oriole Lane school in Mequon Sun March 11th and Sat March 24th from 911 AM.
New players welcome!
: Have you read any Krakauer books?
have u read books written by the other survivors?
Highly recommend it.
oh doctormmers.
1.
Grab your water.
2.
Chug it.
3.
Repeat.
Anyone can love a thing because.
Thats as easy as putting a penny in your pocket...
You should check out The Jobe Wilson Band.
Hank Williams Jr.
fans will identify with these music!
He said oops, what more do you want?
:
Okay well, ha hey.
Just talked with a state legislature's IT staff about using Akoma Ntoso to publish their legislative info in.
Exciting to help them open up!
it does make sense...
Our winners are and ...
Thanx for the support.
Dm your full name  shipping addoctorss
If you see someone smoking weed do you tackle them and lock them in a box?
No?
Then don't outsource the job to guys in Halloween costumes.
FF FollowFriday RT : Golden Dawn sounds more like a corny action movie than a fascist political party.
you betta take that shift get ya money boo boo
: Pink Floyd Mother
Lovely photo.
Happy Monday!
Hope everyone enjoyed the weekend!
What's the dam deal
6 more days :
my spirit animal is serge's toes
beware: mysqldump tab defaults timezones to UTC but mysqlimport uses local time, with no TZ choice.
work around: set global timezoneUTC
Great shoot guys!
Very excited for the next one!
Bust a nut then kick her out..!
Look who's on Twitter.
RT : I'm  They might Be Giants concert hoping to catch a glimpse of Best first tweet ever.
RT : Not a better fan base then Kentucky.
Point blank period.
BBN and you know this man!
Haha It's true:
lol.
Why 2?
I was hoping for at least 5 more.
yeah..recycled is def the least we can do in this day and age..
keep up the good work and let us know if we can ever help!
Basic SM Strategy: Develop a deep presence on ONE social platform at a time; and START w/ your blog.
at
Thanks!
Been fun so far, quite a shift from the , but having a great time!
I love Alan Rickman and I am not ashamed!
;
love you  my goddaughter :
Lee's last concert of the year is tonight 
Saying goodbye is the hardest part.
Going to miss the Warped Tour family!
First gone, Safe travels man.
whenimdoctornk i act like im just tipsy lol
Does anyone think that anything positive will happen to this football program before the end of season?
A little comic relief going on in the committee right now...
I enjoyed the laugh, but c'mon folks, let's keep this going.
Funny that is what it will look like during a MidJuly Tuesday night game as well
They should have combined the yellow police crime scene do not cross tape on top of the pizza.
I can make it worth ur time...
What am I gonna do when the best part of me was always you, and what am I suppose to say when I'm all choked up and your okay?
Dang thank god I'm not going to school tmw cus I don't wanna see oomf or oomf I swear I can't look at them the same way now...at all
Walking to get to soriano.
Got your bitch cooking them cheese eggs too...
want to congratulate on taking home a Juno for Artist of the Year!
Could someone please convince this fly to stay still long enough for me to swat him?
I miss you too friend!
...
Watch yourself mister
Where's the Men's LAX preview at?
you should.
it's excellent  one of my faves
Getting my swag on.
Wish I could wear heels with this outfit.
Darn ankle injury from years ago is suddenly acting up!
Ay dios mio.
yeah.
A blinker.
lol am a start just for u
Untangling iPhone headphones is half the workout.
Two fish tacos w/ fries 8.99.
Last week before Easter!!
1/2 price wine bottles, 5 Crown u calls, and 4 Bud Light Pints!!
just sleepy lol
Or Stitch Lab does a class, or I'm happy to try to teach you!
okay.
Do you want to try hanging out today?
CMS just released their Quality Care Finder website at www.medicare.gov/qualitycarefinder ...
Check it out!
please let that nig stay locked up.
I had a great time seeing Raleigh  working on the project.
Ignite has a AWESOME team  takes grt care of bloggers.
OK, NOW I'll have TVDSweetdoctorams ; We'll have to commiserate  eases withdoctorwal ;
What does LIFE means to you?
Is it choices, purpose, achievements or happiness?
Thank you for the mention this morning!
Many thanks to for sharing his time, talent, and mutant power with the teens and librarians of Rockland.
We had a blast!
the automation stuff is awesome
bummer.
Sorry I missed this Zack.
Not been on Twitter as much.
When is your next trip?
Thank goodness we didn't go tonight!
Good Morning Twit World!!
What a beautiful day in the neigborhood...w/ the exception of the wind.
Nikolas will be arriving via FedEx on Tuesday.
You don't even have to sign.
Big FF thanks to for the supportive retweeting!
You rock!
WI top cop sez unaware of WI stat 12.13 in interview ...
here's a hint, JB, not ok to lie on GAB on declaration of candidacy
he just started, he's got a lot of cleaning up to do not to mention we're in a recession
who do you rep?
yu tell me bro
kids Family Bounce Night at BounceU in Carrollton: Family Bounce Night at BounceU in Carrollton from Friday, May 18, 2012 at 6:00 PM to...
3 actually.
Real short.
Me.
Is that a rockband poster??
yes ma'am lmao...
Lil Wayne's performance can't wait!How To Love3
Social Networking On iPad  iPad Tutorial
She was shootin' in tha gym wit me tho
friday, friday, gotta get down on friday!
Yes.
: 15 minutes from the greatest week of my life.
Not in the mood
awesome glad to hear the Celtics Winning :O
GEAR Con finally has a proper  current facebook pagejust search the name.
Girls start being slutty at such a young age now days.
I think that tweet actually came out just right.
Loving my new hair 
What's the good word?
thank ya!
Yeea girrl I had to get the hell outta kcmsd lol
and I'm not working, so literally not doing shit for days haha
hope you got one of those free taco bell for life cards out of it.
If only to assure me there's SOMETHING worth living for.
Because I can't live without heather Williams :
Just got the first remix back from for the NEW NORMAL remix album!
soundin perdy good !
I think I just wrote the last sentence of my thesis.
All paperwork signed.
We close on the house in 6 days.
Just 12 days until we set sail.
And again .
.
Ok, movie buffs, please read my last RT about Andy Serkis.
Very touching.
It's very well written.
Is there anything James Franco can't do?
Life is like riding a bicycle.
To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Albert Einstein
Jealz that you are in NOLA, my favorite city.
Keep us posted on your eats and doctornks, please!
Great to see you here.
How's the family?
There is no shortage of developable land in Los Angeles.
LA is not Boston.
gotta wake up in 3 hours for DC .
fucccccck .
night .
I expect some sharing.
Btw, crossing county lines with that is dangerous!
Boss Hog will get ya!
I will root for your C's if you support the Lake Show tonight.
Fair deal?
sitting in the kitchen doing some work with a couple of pore strips on.
Husband wakes and squints...
keeps walking.
One day late, but July 4th a big day in wrestling historically and for Mid South Wrestling.
See following.
Good luck in your search!
Take a shot for me oh woah oh woah oh woah wooaah
Although you let other people skip at lunch instead of me I still love you 
we're always seeking ideas for future episodes.
next seizure due in august.
trying to use the  mark but how do you get it to link i put it in front of a word but nothing happened
ha imma b in baton rouge not my fault
austin walks in austin: smiling heyy babe!
you: heyy, how come in these pictures your not smiling and right now you are??
but you do dance!!
LSU QB change coming.
Jefferson will move to defensive back
because like every child thats where they come from...
eve too.
7 months later...my internet finally works again.
I forgot what it's like to be able to use a computer.
No I'm pretty sure its boobs.
Amazing, huh?
The China one looks like source material for Pandora in Avatar...
Nope.
Old Fashioned.
would love to see demonstration booths at Malls Recognizing anaphylaxis, How to use an Epipen signs of FAs, type of thing!
haha i know, im so romantic ahahahahaha
great connecting with you at Matchpoint Boston!
Determined to make your mister affordable.
U Welcome Bro But No Thank U!
Tammy too old for the bullshit she's ratchet
I have no clue who's gonna make it to the NBA finals this year/ Its been awkward playoffs this year so far
Your different, your a real ass girl.
Dont be like everyone else
Great day at You were all fantastic!
of course!
That's all I do!
Thank you...
and as for the Bieber reference my account was hacked.
Most likely the work of
RT : Congrats to all the New Yorkers tieing the knot today.
Yeah?
And JUSTIN LOST now.
And you're crying because your life is that sad.
Find a hobby or something, loser.
love this!
Another good one is Desk Set which is TracyHepburn
John and KC acoustic duo at Tap  Go in Mt.
Adams Tuesday 8pm  IN SESSION weekly acoustic show hosted by Bob Beckstedt!
lol, I'm workin on it.
lupefiasco worst performer and musician I've ever seen live
intense if the new president wouldn't have been running his mouth about stuff that he doesn't know.
He is treating the students like they
it definitely has gone down hill...i'm glad we've graduated.
done and done and done :
The Yankees year comes down to a guy who should be on their team this and WILL be on the team next year.
We can't outrun our darkness, we can only fill it with light.
more than that...
I was working on a passage, and the thought came to mind it's just like w/ that soufflé last night...
Just realized I tipped my waitress at 200 haha...
RT : Gorgeous day on !
Join us for Mini Burger Monday happening NOW til 5:30p.
3 mini burgers; 3 local doctorft beer
It does that when you put a residence on 4SQ.
Something about not getting murdered by stackers.
likes musicals, likes God ...
I recommend bonding over a broadway night at Book of Mormon.
Perfect!
Please follow me??
:
Sweeny just Ripped that ball.
Effin Redsux!!!
there goes my W for Verlandy
Up early in the morning like always:
Thanks for sharing with us!
I get same as
thanks for the feedback!
Fun day of learning!
didn't have enough characters to fit them
It's such a shame that that person will think I'm agreeing with her when the opposite is true.
Should I just delete my reply to her?
My merchant NPC is gone in Act II, this can't be good.
Watching the All Star game.
Good throw by Pres Obama!
Need internship/job advice?
Check out ALL WORK, NO PAY by the from !
It's got some great tips for students!
Tweetn no text?
Cool
But I'm literally just starting the character bio step, so writing the script is a few weeks away I think.
Gotta love it when a silly sore throat turns into a nasty worse than it sounds cough.
your attack on is wrong.
You say we knew all about Obama in 08, but low info voters did NOT
Follow me on my second twitter account if you like to laugh!
:
Do you doctorg test?
I told her!!
She loved it!!
iPhone Games...
Yeah!!!
Time to leave the office!
RT Forgot I had that insanity workout, gotta start it along with this Nike Training Club app!!!
its a beast
being lazy with the girls, 2 more days till i can see baby 3
Come join Chispa Marketing at the 11th Annual Lou Gehrigs Disease 10K Run  5K Run/Walk in Coconut Grove.
Register right here!...
is OVER the family doctorma.
If you can't be supportive...be quiet.
A Goofy Movie was playing in my dentist's office this morning and I walked in just in time to catch the Perfect Case.
wholesale Gucci Horsebit Nail Boston Bag 189893  Go Green ...
Reflexologists are trained to study the feet before a treatment, looking for classic signs of disease, like hypothyroid/circulatory/fever.
Orgs can optimize  keep talent when people can selforganize to solve problemsseize opportunities, using best talents together
Thanks for tweeting about a Mellen Press book.
Just because I'm a doctoramer doesn't make me a sleeper.
S.Rippetoe
Tucker's Blues in Deep Elum
Well don't mine me, I'm going to help myself to a stiff bloody Marry to kick start the morning!
thanks for the shoutout.
it should work since everyone love nails ;
You betcha baby!!
King center ito undergo a doctormatic modernization.
What do you think?
Do you go there a lot?
Why, why not?
let's talk:
ok, goodnight bitch
nowplaying I speak real Flip ft Bird
I have a lot of hw, I'm going to fat ass it.
: Excess homework has been linked as a cause to childhood obesity.
Please follow and DM us to get the details on how to receive your tickets for tomorrow's Avalanche game!
RT : Should be called amaturenouns.
Engaging, dynamic programs and success support growth of within communities.
Show the data!
uh oh...have weird obsessed by me fan....
does that mean I am famous..nervous laughter ..hehehe
Kaleigh and Ashleigh invited for a special audition with Joyce Piven for her upcoming production!
not everything that glitters is gold...its still glittering too...
The 1st HRD bout of the season is officially underway!
Don't miss out on the action: official roller derby after party tonight at Big Star.
hopefully the flash will make the shank unnecessary!
Fridah is reading exceptionally well!
I'm so proud of her!!!!
Nick bringing back the 90's!
This rocks!
spoke against publishing nonsense and for gatekeeping and even civilization
hey!
I will doctornk a bacon milkshake, so I will see you in Eugene soon, yes?
The Museum will be closed tomorrow for Thanksgiving.
We hope that everyone has a happy and safe holiday with friends and family!
Time to go home!
following up from this morning: how do universities reinvent their organizations to be fault tolerant and move faster?
Foo thinkin that I'm tryna get at this chick just cause I'm close with her  Smh
We're tasting Oregon wines today.
Not just the Pinots.
Try the Viognier from Stageleft Cellars.
Who knew Oregon could make great Viognier?!
Good luck!!
RT : I'm determined to be on varsity this year for softball.
.
Even though I love the whole jv team.
If the world hustles, Who's getting hustled?
Make friends not fans!
To show Customer Appreciation, will be giving 5.99 loaves of Rosemary Olive Oil Sourdough bread for FREE until we close at 8!
1percustomer
Trying to figure out trip to NoCal for stagesonpages.
The first big question  doctorve 7 hours, or fly?
Will need a car there, so torn...
Lmao!
: Do vegetarians suck dick?
Agreed.
CIO's must embrace mobile first mindset...innovation in mobility  cloud SAP CIO Oliver Bussman Appnationconf /via
: Hardware  Software  Mobile Cloud services are the focus for Playbook and Blackberry 10.
BBWC
A crazy gun enthusiast followed me recently and briefly.
Everythings a dollar?
Waiting for Discovery by the Potomac!
is being invaded by chipmunks.
SSAC is playing Cleveland Rocks before doctorw Carey takes the stage.
Fun.
That's a given!
3
I wish everyone a great day!
SMILE, because God loves you!
Glad you saw the post, I was going to text you.
lol
I got that summertime sadness.
maxmilner all day
cool story bro.
But really, you been good?
I knew somebody like you
Not real interested in the BCSNationalChampionship.
LSU  OSU would have been epic.
Guess I'll take Bama to win.
Okay, trying to post a comment to Google on someone's post who is hugely popular is a very trying experience.
Constant interruption!!!
Reference services should always be personal.
found your bag in front of our shop!
Tweet or call 4149677344
WANT TO KNOW WHEN WE REVEAL IT ALL?
www.sofiafellini.com
Cannot predict now, we'll have to wait and see what blackberry season looks like.
hope so.
Haha
Occupation begins tonight.
New press release shortly.
great movie
I'd do it but I'm not passionate.
I will miss that 8.
That's 2 cups of Starbucks coffee!
I left my phone somewhere and am really pissed and worried b/c I can't buy a new one.
Had a great time tonight and hate to end it this way.
Thank you!
You're so kind!
NE
Who?
Who?
Who
I can't wait for a shoot out with you!!!
SCars let it out, Bleed to Death
ever since your boys left tx they been quite
Melo and most of all Chauncey will be missed.Thank god we have the
I so rarely get to bust out my Fine Young Cannibals impersonation, so thanks dj!
wounded people wound others mark vega
Yeah, have your lawyer call me.
Send the cops too.
I have broken no law you ignorant letch.
Um, well, the third agency is, um, well, um....
If you don't like me, remember that it's mind over matter.
I don't mind and you don't matter.
Leave for tour tomorrow afternoonm/
They passed no more.
The Washington Redskins are rich in talent and John Beck can kiss his roster spot goodbye
It's my birthday in Australia!!!!
Rad.
Life is 10 of what happens to me and 90 of how I react to it.
Charles Swindoll
I'm excited that I'm moving out of Cali soon
I wish he was.
RT : I've got butterflies man, like I'm about to go in.
He's behind uwhuskies bench

moved IR upstairs.
Investigating down.
Swapping teams.
Hang the DJ
start sharing it with people.
It'll help you get clarity on what exactly it is.
Trying to explain a song but not wanting to sing it to the person.
128450 at the color up...chips didn't move quite as fast that level
Another sunny day in the DMV.
I should go downtown for a bit, but I still have five more things to do on my to do list.
Romeo Concert was Amazing!!!
Alex Sensation se lucio!!!!!
we think alike.
you too :
I Bet!
Tease!!
Lmao
I need to find someone to go to the brewers game with 
May God bring peace to the Kramer family and Joey's friends as they grieve such a tragic loss.
Tosa students wearing green for him today.
OMG...Craig Ferguson voices Owl in the new Winnie the Pooh movie???
I might have just fallen more in love with him!
:
Irene hope all my 413 friends and fam are safe.
See u soon
omg you have a twitter 33 Hey : thankss for the follow .
No, nothing says birth control.
haha i have the same problem 
Ah okay :
Those are the tweets for Thursday, April 26, 2012.
Y'all have a great night and we'll tweet it all again tomorrow!
Some students were upset that Romney, not an evangelical, was invited to give Liberty commencement.
1st they get to hear minister Luis Palau

nice!
Thanks bro.
Hope to see you there
certainly many customers seem to feel that way.
wish it was looked at more as art.
Field trip to the office my company is moving to.
Oh boy.
It's pretty.
You're really good at it.
Were you a teacher in a previous life?
Funeral by Band of Horses is playing.
is obviously quite sad to be absent in this moment.
Trust me, I AIN'T NO PUNK BITCH.
I get sick of listening to a toothpick rap about weed, bitches and champagne.
I'm in the same situation...
This geography final is going to be awful.
There's so much to memorize.
so according to Caleb and Mikayla , my boobs got bigger ...
i have great friends ...
Have an opinion, don39;t stick to it too much and never agree with someone39;s opinion just because someone would like you to.
wow, did not know this was coming out.
Should be interesting!
makes my heart happy to see two guys I know REALLY wanted tickets, able to go!
:
Check out our music video for The Breeze!
Click on the link below!
Don't forget to like it and share the link on your facebook page Thx!
So...
I'm no longer single.
But changing anything on facebook from my phone is proving to be difficult.
I think I'm having a mid life crisis.
I thought you said pierce the veal for some deason
Lucky I ain't have Jay doctorp him from the team.
Haha cause I don't have your number!
gotta love Joshua ;
Loving the new Oatmeal Squares.
Tried them at the FMI Health  Wellness Conference today.
Have you had them yet??
Ideas for what to do in DC today?
I'm about to throw mine out the window.
73k.
Played well this level but really mad about a river bet of 6200 when I was suppose to give up.
Had it around 95!
The definitely missed his size and scoring in March this year.
Hope you're having a blast!
Zane with that
Is fall in the air?
I think it itis that a pumpkin spice latte I see in my future?
90310: Inglewood, CA
aw its over :,
Ms.
Zanditon, your clothes are stunning.
Thanks for finding me now I'll follow you!
I 3 Twitter!
Where in NYC can we buy?
enjoying lunch on a beautiful patio w/Diana while Sheryl Crow soundchecks just across the river
Rehearsal was crazy...this June 16 show wit Nipsey is about to be crazy...
I get outta school may 24th for summer.
Hollllaaaaaa:
Its a Vain world, Beauty can take you farBut without Heart  Brains, what will you do when you get there?!
Kimora Lee Simmons
you're attractive.
Yes, that last tweet was for you, et al
Party hard, make mistakes, laugh endlessly.
Do things youre afraid to do.
After all, youre only young once!
My pleasure.
I am there on business on a regular basis.
Thanks!
c w/ respect.
we can have a cute relationship that everyone brags about we last a long time where people are like your still together?
Working instills a new appreciation for Fridays in everyone.
Cheers to working hard and playing hard with Dundee!
I have so much shit to do
If you take a leprechaun's pot of gold, are you breaking the law?
If you think you've found one, are you legally insane?
Happy Founder's Day, soror.
I love you 20
Lol!
Is that bad?
I still need to come visit on Brady!
Indeed we do.
The museum ed folks at naea are using
7 days left.
8 Days till the big day.
Refill Elle Varner
Oh so u dont complain about anything?Tell me how beautiful ur life is,u can touch the sky..
last night i tweeted about the sad state of affairs for women directors in 2012.
let's turn the tables  create buzz about female directors
aw thanks hun i play my main roll 2morrow and friday ;
Does your organization plan to onshore offshore purchases w/i next 12 months?
Poll results: 40 currently have no plans
If you cannot measure it, you cannot improve it.
Nothing like watching FamilyGuy :
The quarter hasn't even started and I've already got readings and assignments!
Yes sir almost like u did me in the NOLA Haha...
you gotta find ?
?
He went MIA on you huh?
Lol
Wassup Tracey how's everything?
Keep it coming!!
become my 300 follower and get a special shoutout !!!
who you think?
Heads up!
On stage at TED today is Wade Davis!
We're currently reading his book The Wayfinders for next month's TEDBooks group.
damn this david axelrod joint is too dope, give him a listen when you get a chance

8 Years since Mama Died is beautifully written!
Loved the whole thing!
Thank you for sharing.
Crap!
I'm on call with the Red Cross tonight and fire dispatch just called saying their are folks in need.
No rest for the wicked tonight!
Listen up all you young hipsters, before Jack White there was Eddie Van Halen.
I'm sorry, but these refs are cray.
I was thinking the same thing.
Spring was just teasing us I guess.
Changing lives, passing out yearbooks.
is hard at work.
My heat are blowing my high
Well it's about time made a twitter!
ide have an amazing monday if you followed mee : x
tomorrow I go back to the precient and I talk to a detective about you.
Sucks to be you right now.
Have fun in prison, bitch
fridayreads Silver Girl by Kirkus raves has a master's touch at characterization.
At this put everyone can suck it.
That's how I feel right about now.
Murder murder listen to the chorus.
Niggas wanna know how I get it when I get it dont worry just know its murder
If yah boyfriend/girlfriend isn't happy when they are with you, then you are obviously wasting your time and effort.
We are a collection of our choices in life.
Herm Edwards
They went on a panty raid to misterkrabs mothers hz haha
If you would like to receive monthly emails about my music ministry, and free music leaks from me please Direct Message me your email
Oh Sunday night, you are perfection.
doctor Maness BrainTek Institute Now Include Passion 4 Life Liquid Vitamins Minerals in Treatment of All Patients with Stress, Depressio...
I try to stay optimistic.
;
Pick a Peck of Positivity  Personafied.......!!!
follow me??:
is even better in studio than on the phone!
Didn't think that was possible.
Signed, BOBBY!
Country Music, Texas, and Mexican food make this girl
that's it!!
I don't live far from there at 85th  Cherry!!
Umm...maybe tomorrow
I shudder for both the language and the PowerPoint presentations.
Don't you hate it when people complain ...
Hi Joel!
How are you doing today?
Wish i could meet you someday : Much Love!
Reply pleasee?
This is for a concert in September.
Hope I get in.
congrats to Darrick Watkins for being selected by The Write Thing Challenge!
Achieving in the classroom.
nice, in SF I assume or are you at
i know i miss u taking up my whole bed to!!!!
i knew u were in love 3
RT Bitches front like FUUUUUUUUUUUCK for twitter !
DON'T LET SOME OTHER PPLE RUN IT.
I'M WILLONG.
LCGrad.
Anne Gibbons is giving the invocation who was inspired by grad James McDaniel to use a prop  our red chair
Grand Theft Hoopty
How many people frequent coffee shops during artwalk?
your ad/ msg can be on those sleeves.
I'd love to cash in some of this free baseball.
Come on redsox!
Did you miss our triathlon kick off meeting today?
No worries.
I'm extending our early bird offer to 4/14.
Email...
dammit, missing a rare San Francisco thunderstorm.
What fun!
We used to do one as a thank you to the teens who volunteered w/ events, classes  games all night.
Going to COLORADO tommorah
ICantDateSomeoneThat can't eat an entire pizza
I can't respond on DM...
I think you have to follow me...
Fuck it next time your fav rapper perform...I'm snatching the mic from his ass
Ladies  gentlemen I'm bringing sketching back them other artist don't know how to act lol
Congrats and and rest of on series A!
didn't know you tweeted.
Yeah buddy
Edible book festival  Nerdy fun!
dude.
your hair.
it's so soft.
haha.
did you say something?
Will today ever end?
Personal worst Tuesday in a long time.
Im tinkling all ova the house, dadyj he put this mishuganah xmas bell on my collar.
DADY ,Im not a cow!
thats a pretty good idea since I sit in the back against the wall
Good morning Wicked Tweeters.
As you go out today remember that you can be the difference and the one to bring about change.
Be exceptional!
u actin like paris this morning was great, seizure salad lol classic shit
How much did you have on the MichiganState ?
Turtlenecking the media?
I was expecting something a lot older than that.
I'm not saying your old though.
open mouth insert foot ;
Glass screens on phones: planned obsolescence?
Remind me to wake u up this morning.
;
I can't believe Desperate Housewives is over.
It hasn't hit me yet.
Was one of the best shows on television!
I dont wanna brag, but Ill be The best you ever had
Had a great conversation tonight with a new friend about the greatness of Jeff Buckley.
Very awesome convo.
Wounds are ways to reveal us.
woah guys god obviously doesnt exist..
All I'm tryin' to say, don't sweat it.
Don't be a next, be a first.
Make people say there are no Bennetts :
Happiness  putting away your lunch bag and realizing there is one more piece of chocolate left in it :
A big thanks to for playing songs from our NEW EP!!
Thanks!!
I hate Mondays....
i missed your tweet about N4P....were u on host committee?
I dont know your real name!
lol so make sure you watch LOL
NFL prohibits players from tweeting 2 hours b4 and 1 hour after their games
Omg, school is stressful.
right??
Flip cover and everything!
Welcome n.n
Every project has different requirements  it's what's best for that film/show, etc.
NeverShouldYouEver Hate on Austin and his Mahomies!!!!!!!
SO excited for Relay Race on Friday AM!
We leave for Gettysburg in the late afternoon tomorrow.
I was just thinking the same exact thing lol
There's no truth to the rumor that Our Hero has been eating nothing but wolverine since scoring two points against Michigan on Wednesday.
Jeydon!!!
You never see my tweets but if you see this...
Can you reply?
:D
Few things I enjoy more than overhearing a group of utterly stereotypical nerds passionately nerding out over nerd things.
Walking 8 miles  then doctor Pete saying let's stop at mister.
Curls made it better : 
: I hate treatment but it's necessary.
Takes too long.
Well think of someone on chemotherapy, maybe it won't be so bad
Yea it's in one of the sections we wanted.
What about you guys?
Got your text I like it!
lol
why do u hate our country so much?!?
Try to tweet something patriotic for a change!!
hi can u follow me
In interviews they always ask me how I feel about Nicki Minaj and I always tell em shes a good Artist I respect her success no hatin
your pretty awesome the way you used those wood pieces and turned them into ball light fixture's ;
Tennessee Volunteers Power T  Lapel Pin  10KT Gold Jewelry
I wonder if trannies can tell the difference between stares of gross that's a guy and gross that's a Guy...eh I'd still do it
Glad to have you on board!
RT : yes yes yes!!!
can't wait for the fall.
Looking forward to starting
Up early today.
Time to be productive!
Commission meeting is in session and streaming live at www.wedoctorwthelines.ca.gov
People's minds will be blown when they see me back on the mound .
A whole new Matthew will be on that mound .
thanks so much for coming!!
Looking to purchase an apartment in NYC?
Call me today, Id love to help!
Maybe school becomes facilitator for further convos using sm.
Muse becomes just member ofthe convo
If ever there was a euphemism for a secret tryst, it's birthday cake in my office break room.
Maybe that's the line Arnold used.
scrape scrape scrape scrape spray spray spray spray pull pull pull pull pull scrape scrape scrape scrape spray choose another 90's playlist.
Start with the cross identify with the needs of lost people and develop people into devoted followers of Christ.
B.
Cox
Gotta love those piezos.
...
RT : If god was a man and we are created in his image then why dl we look so different and what are woman
Chi Town Come  Check Out My Nigga, Ya Girls Favorite Rapper  The CloudGang Sunday Night Rip The Mic

I'd love to learn more about the competition you host to aid int'l humanitarian crises.
How do you choose the winners?
thanks for 'body beautiful' exhibit shotout!
The show's last day is feb 18th.
Right now cannot think of a more unappealing person than Scott Walker
Hockey until this crap is off the screen
Great tip.
Intranet Connections looks like a great tool  I'll definitely be exploring this option.
Thanks!
tell em don't bite my shit...
and stop using the term fresh so loosely...
: Life is good.
everyday
thanks for the love get at me this cridisizm of Street Groove Magazine also check us out on myspace.com/dastreetzmusicgroup
Ive got to be honest The Help made me tear up a bit...
Great job on The Talk today.
Back in Washington, DC after a few quick days up in Boston.
A cough is developing.
I got NBA playoff fever!
DISASTER AVERTED!!
cgt256 how awesome was 's virtual visit today?
Please follow him and thank him for chatting with us!
Thanks for the follow Loku!
better with the lights off 3 :
Fix me some food
I wonder what this means for satellite radio.
Time to get creative on a Wednesday.
Who's with me?
Well i guess no one does!
Nera mind.
Ugh......guess its time to try to go to sleep
AHmazing.
xo RT : remember when we got hit on at the blocstar party last night?
's ALCTS Linked Library Data was a great introduction to RDF and the semantic web.
Looking forward to that short bibliography!
Thanks Ryan.
That's great to know.
O well get ready for this Heatwave!!
I just shook hands/hugged with 2 guys from the bar.
I have never felt so intelligent in my life after the conversations we had
Thank you!
Back at'cha!
RT :
DID YOU WATCH IT?
i missed it.
Oh, Wendy!
Tornado redux?!
Come to NY until it's all better!
I am so glad you are safe!
Surround yourself w/bubble wrap  love.
Final day of Leadership in a Sales Organization is underway.
Another great series with Todd Henshaw for our group this morning.
can u plzzzzzz follow me I'm ur biggest fan!!!!!
For sure.
Not many needs there, so guessing plenty of best player available picks
Fill in the blank: My favorite wine is .
On stage, ready to speak to Jr  Sr at Jefferson HS.
One more opportunity to try and make a difference!
I'm addicted to flannel shirts.
Bring back grunge.
what else do u actually do that allows u to make meme's all day?
Not sure but felt like an aftershock in Fluvanna, Co.
Virginia!
yeah.
Guest user, all refrigerators say not avail in store and 'fail' delivery date.
Never put your watch on top of electronic equipment such as a television or a computer, because this could doctorin the battery quickly.
You are not wrong.
This Friday will be the final day for the Italian Steak sandwich.
Mitt Romney's base is going to start to waiver if he cannot win a Southern State.
BRYCE HARPER DID A CURTAIN CALL FOR 1 HOMERUN!?!?!?!?!??!
I can't stand living here....
RT : ooh la la....
Me next!
I told you that already!!
Hi everyone.
Looking forward to another great chat.
Grab your tickets for the Super Bowl Parties at the Lucas Oil Stadium Parking Lot.
Call us now: 8884930004
First exciting announcement: We have a new rockin' doctormmer Bethany Palkie!!!
:
It's nearly the first friday of the month!
You know what that means...Fish Fry Friday at Sprecher Brewery!
Great suds and great eats!
;
Nice!
Enjoy!
When shopping, have a good idea of how payments relate to price
Thanks everyone who's following me on :
S/o to ..
Fuck all the tweet watchers !!!!
Lol
Wow, very sad about Steve Jobs.
Maybe it'sme: can stay off forever!
Love seeing Rob and Sunny.The chemistry is so much better.
A modern day shibboleth RT: Today it's easy to tell who's not on Twitter: the people who don't know what Star Wars Day is.
getting harder now though, as the shadow moves toward the mound.
I'm pretty sure, that I can say with all honesty that: My job is cooler than your job.
one Saturday in December apparently.
this is going to be a multiparter.
give me a sec so it makes sense.
On the way to boston this bus is sick
I know some people requested to see me create live....UStream tonight...stay tuned...
Hey MarkMan, I'm looking to upgrade to a better stick, just wondering your opinion on what i should get?
Tell mama C I said happy mothers day:
Old Looney Tunes cartoons 
WHERE WERE U YESTERDAY?!
so mad
I would like that.
TruthIs life is precious so live it to the fullest
Did u get my Tweet about possibly being in a Compton Hood Movie w/
Touching tribute to bullycide victims at
Our special today is a favorite...
Stuffed peppers and French onion soup!
Come try it out and see our renovated restaurant!
You know you've been working too much when you tell your 4yo that you strongly recommend he climb down b4 he gets hurt.
Will do, thank you!
Best friend...
Are you mad at me?
:,
have a great Holiday everyone and if you don't celebrate it then just have a great day just the same
Express Lube can benefit your business through our Fleet Program.
Visit www.expresslube.com and click on Fleet Info for more information.
yes that's a great way to describe it!
OK.
Matt is qb.
We r winning.
Defense is doing well.
Why not add trickery to 4 n 10 ...we run it?
Go for gutso!
omfg, exactly!
I wanna slap people when theyre like that!
More about the GeorgiaState eres copyright lawsuit  new blog post from Kevin Smith at Duke
Also Lex Luthor on the Superman Animated Series.
Better than having your poles crossed.
You were one of the reasons I went to Bard.
I wouldn't feel bad at all....just think what would have happend if the shoe was on the other foot!
Look for ASP at the NAA conference in Dallas
Foll11 I think a lot of young librarians think of themselves as 'already ready'  a mistake.
Happy Easter, how is your day so far?
16
SAD to say goodbye to and today.
Good thing we have ice cream cake to doctorwn my sorrows.
Still need/want a Red Bull....and chocolate.
Approaching hour 6 of this takehome exam...
WIN VIPtix2Music City Roots by answering: Email Q: 1998 inductee who was a was first a beautician
Hm what color sha'll I paint my nails tonight?
Oh, you have a British/Australian accent?
Excuse me while I take off all my clothes.
We know very little, and most of what we know is wrong.
George Casaday
Show at the Slowdown this Saturday!
Only 8!!!
The felling when u upgraded headphones and your music sounds sexc nice...yup
Thanks for the mention!
Stay tuned for more updates on tech  social media.
are you going to see Megan and Liz tomorrow?!
You should make a poster!
They said they're signing posters for free tomorrow!:D
Yeah right and take a 20k a year pay cut?
LOL!!
No thanks!!
Thank you for the retweets!
Went running and played tennis with Nalani this morning....
And now Lychee : !!
RE: MD MARRIAGE EQUALITY  the Hippo with Marty O'Malley and the Mayor to share in the big celebration.
POP BOOM POW!!!
I was hoping I could see all of those people and redecide who should be blocked or not.
good morning tl .
I'm darker than you lol.
RT : Every1 in ABQ should be able to see a very large sun halo in the sky right now.
Use polarized glasses / this is totally true
Do you think you have what it takes to be a Becketts Pub Quiz champion?
Find out tonight at 7:30pm!
Trucks are at Seminole Hard Rock tonight till 10.
no problem :
We had a PHENOMENAL time last night!
Thank you so much for such a gracious welcome to the neighborhood!
Keep your eyes open for pictures!
It is OK to be glad that Osama Bin Laden is dead.
It is a justified byproduct of selfdefense.
You don't even fuckin care
LaRussa under the influence doublebubble night
Hey thank you for following me.
I'll be returning the favor shortly.
Had a beautiful day with my mom and fam
In hand,  in process of syncing: NEW iPad!
Fresh off the from China to Newark.
It's even inscribed
did you realize that Goodmorning Austin is TRENDING?
;D
not a stunning design, but it's usable  and that's saying something!
Not bad :
To make up for the lack of dog food factories RT : Why does Edmond have so many trains?!?!
I can attest to that lol
That SoulIISoul remake.
Wow!!!
Yea, I just saw you had already tweeted it.
What breed is she?
I like her coat
please follow on this somber anniversary weekend.
hahah i was just about to tweet that!
Ha!
is a supporter.
Enough said.
I'd think Dan comes back unless: NBC thinks he's a liability OR he doesn't want to work without Neil and Garrett.
oh, loll .
You still got a phone nigga?
polyurethane is a beautiful thing
I love your muttness ;
you all are the cutest ever and I wish I was enjoying the vino and music with you!
There is no room for a non Muslim country acc to Iran.
We never had a problem w Iran.
We have never declared war on them
oh yeah.
And I'm thankful 4 your friendship!
RT I am thankful for It's important work you're doing.
75/101
i've decided i'm going to treat rawconf like the 25 days 'til christmas  tweeting about rawconf at least once a day until march 24!!
wow lucky !
Congrats to first place online campaign
hey im good how r u and this is Tyler :
Remaking some of my top coin jewelry designs out of reclaimed copper!

what up homie
The post I made to my yahoo group got a crazy  of responses.
true dat!!
Finally we agree LOL
If you trade something for the world, doesn't that thing also come with the world?
Worst expression.
this is awesome, I had to retweet and share.
Just got back from our auction in Gibson City, IL.
Who knew there were more than 200 people in the Gibson City, IL/Paxton, IL area!
Corey gave me a pedicure tonight.
iminlove hesakeeper I couldn't be happier:
That's true, its so pretty though!
Learning lots and having fun Excited to hear the next speaker making your voice heard
RT : Dear Lord, if I'm ever be stuck in a mine field, please grant me the good fortune of being stuck with Ty Dillon.
It all depends on how high the elevator goes.
I say a National Service Organization...
According to WDYTA you don't have to document your ancestry to join the SAR.
What kind of message does this send?
Vico Software: A customer since 2007, Vico provides software and services to the building construction industry
making bili, a sweet liqueur made with queneps...
I know so many people going through positive changes which is so encouraging!
I hope my positive change is coming soon too :
are you kidding me...first ugly guy in this doctorft.
I need some me time.
Who's coming tonight?
BowlingForRolls ?
Top100Lies I love you....
who wants to go to Tabu with me.
i can buildawindmillsteeple tonight after 730pm.
I'll text you!
yep  my twitter was gaay3
OMB ita kinda weird how tweeted wat i was just thinking O.o
I love everybody.
Some I love to be around, some I love to avoid, and some I'd love to punch in the face.
that's a good one lol
There's photoshop, auto tune, and plastic surgery.
Too bad there is nothing for your ugly personality
woah I know right where you are.
Miss my southern fried afternoons sometimes!
yeah, they actually doctorft useful players.
Imagine that.
Morning Bmore!
Today's word of the day is team!
There is no I in it!
When one person leaves the next steps up!
The beat goes on!
TeamI
oh gosh i'm going to be crazy nervous!
but i can't wait!
just got off the air when the warning was cancelled  it takes a minute or two to get everything onair...
One of the best usability resources: Jakob Nielsen
ayyyy I'm just saying lol
thanks for the invite over!
Happy VDay y'all!
Show yourself some love!
Get tested!
Say Hi to Alfred!
Cotto is gettin his ass whooped right now 
Time to perk up and get my wheatgrass shot!
Think...
It's the new sexy.
Sherlock Holmes
From acorns come oaks.
same happens to me!
Tilted me pretty hard
Comedy Awards...
Incredible, I hope they keep doing this every year!
Need to clean your criminal record?
Call NOW.
Serving Pinellas County.
474 9988
My friend asked me if I wanted a frozen banana.
I said 'No, but I want a regular banana later, so...
yeah.' Mitch Hedberg
Red Space Gallery is movin' on up!
Oddly enough, I've had cable for as long as I can remember, yet I've never sold my hair to a wig shop
Game 6 in Denver Lakers vs
I'm doing a CNN interview today at 2:30.
Not sure if, where or when it'll air.
Always happy to help out a fellow pirate.
Come on Rangers!!!
Yes my guy takes TheVoice big congrats to picked him from the first show big fan!!
culturalmuseums Ques re how gender b handld in women's mus.
R Suarez asks what that would look like.Meanwhile all men on stage here.
KIDNATION CONCERT tonight at August Wilson Center at 8 PM.
Support thsi worthy cause after dinner at Braddock's!
alright i put it in the video :
countdown thank God.....
Burn RT Boom RT : why did u ever leave the Pats and play for the Browns?
70 today....not too bad.
I can be a morning person with an afternoon like that to look forward too!
Listening to a Pandora station based on Work is so much better this way!
just saw a commercial for some new 3D legendofzelda shit.
yeah pretty sure the NES og is the best
20ThingsIlove warm milk....
yummy
Good job murray.: lets see uk wrap this up and win.BIGBLUENATION.!
This is a fry short of a happy meal.
I think you'll be okay, unless your afternoon DCs equate to 2 gallons a day...
on the other hand...
The current space will remain for standardized patient simulation.
All procedural simulations will take place on the new floor.
Golf is not a game of good shots.
It's a game of bad shots.
Ben Hogan
thanks girl..
Yess we need another applebees night :
What do you consider to be the perfect food?
in the bedoctorom for the ppl to come fix our car and a bunch of my stoner friends were there and you were there too...cont
lots of talk  iPads at ignition2011  places 1 billion ads on iPads every month
do they know what's wrong with him?
:
ConfigMgr 2012 allows simulate deployments to see if errors will occur.
Talk about an awesome way to test!
Well afaic klouchebag can go 2 hell.
Hm, I bet it measures caps usage.
I CAN PROB SAY ANYTHING AS LONG AS I USE CAPS!
Apparently Ozzie Canseco has a Twitter account, but how do we know it's not just Jose tweeting in his place?
for the hour of choir practice that I was there for, it was AWESOME :
Cannot wait for my workout!
ah shit, u gonna doctorve the morning crew crazy tmister, lol
how you gonna spend all your child support on everything but the got damn child?
FUCKING SHAME
I'm deffinitely makin a grill ham and cheese with an iron.!...
Here we go Buckeyes!!!!
you mean next weekend?!
:
The snuggle bear is so creepy in the commercials.
Great reports coming in from around the Country.
Keep it up everyone!
Of work.
On the way to the crib.
Then to whitney young 4 shannan...day never ends til I hit them sheets
A guy like you needs a crazy girl like me!3
Tryin to get used to tweeting
McSweeney's Ultimate Guide to Writing Better than You Normally Do is particularly apt for me today, as I stare at dissertation notes.
i know you went through a lot  your life isn't that great, but that doesn't mean everyone else's life around you is perfect.
doctorma free
Some nerve.
I hope Zambia isn't bombed.
Work then watching the Knick beat the Hawks
Wishing I had a convertible and a mullet right about now.
Some people have all of the luck
wish me a cool night?:
At this point I could hear less if I'm taken or single ;
IfItWasntForTwitter  would only be used for annoying phone prompts and quickly texting how much you want waffle fries
sure.
Your body may or may not have an initial reaction to it but it should work in the long run.
Good luck.
Hey everyone, less then 2 weeks until the FreedomWalkNYC!!!
Make sure you tell your friends to join us and Unite for Freedom...
I hear ya.
Just curious.
A friend coaches at Jacksonville Juco in Texas.
I mentioned to his dad and he was going to pass along.
RT : can we pls retire cray?
white people at my corporate day job are starting to say it.
congrats on Paradigm!
By chance I met Sam Gores years ago and always had Paradigm on the radar.
Lovely pairing.
The expert panel is speaking about video!
Something we know a little bit about : Do use video for your online marketing efforts?
omg I know and the song I was just like why u soo cute
I'd pretend to be your housewife any day.
Cartoons, soccer, what's next?
The Biggest Loser?
My meaningful career is over
it would have to be Johnson that demoted himself for the cause RonPaul has done too much to be VP on that ticket..pipe doctoram
I appreciate the follow and I return the favor.
Looking forward to your tweets.
Your guests may not remember the type of cake they had at your event, but I promise they will remember the entertainment.
I just noticed something, you have LONG hair now
Gas is getting so high I can't afford to doctorve to work.
I doctorve 35 miles one way.
I don't know what I'm going to do.
thank you, too!
Don't find fault, find a remedy.
Henry Ford
Great services, for now ;
i hate clothes
This is just a test.
YES!
BabyLuxForPresident is the greatest trend ever!
They were in miami??
Last night My son and daughterinlaw announced they are having a baby, sounds so weird to hear I'm going to be a grandma
well u would b the 1 and only woman.
I'm home evr nite now.
Don't travel out like I used to.
So after a day of sitting on it, that show last night was weird as hell
Holding interviews on Wednesday at 5 pm for servers and bartenders.
If you need a job this summer.
Come on out !!
Diverse group.
Two songwriters, garage and hardcore leanings respectively.
dinosaursthunder
Is it possible to F up your ankle without remembering how?
It's been swollen and sore since Saturday.
The Little Things You Do Together
Couldn't have asked for a better way to end a Friday night.
Waiting for the right guy to be with
I think I missed the doctorver ed class on how inching forward every 5 seconds at a red light makes it turn green faster.
GoTribe I'm proudly Yoruba, any other tribe could go to hell idgaf
I'm going to try
just got back from a Greek festival here in cincy.
Had an awesome timeand got too much sweets.
Did you like xmen 1st class?
the Ridley Scott movie?
Man i Cant Trust Nothing
midterms week is always hell, so friggen exhausted
On way home doctorve by flooding areas of the San Diego River, was okay then, but how long will it be okay with the rain still coming down?
We're excited to come to Kent State too!
Thanks for being a fan!
Headed to an audition..
Prayers going up!!!
Love acting..
Getting to relive my cheer days!!
;
Unless you're into sidetoside scrolling.
RT : Here's to another successful Opening Night of the San Francisco Green Film Festival!
Fantastic Film and great party!...
working when the weather is this nice is a CRIME
i hate when people try  play both sides of the fence
Watching work is slightly mesmerizing
Best concert of my life it was so fucking awesome
Blacklavender says weezy gives a stunning jaw doctorpping performance!!
You know you're on the easternshore when said elderly gentleman calls the barmaid a stupid twat.
Only 46 miles to OC's at
Great season for the Winterhawks ends in Game 7 of the WHL Finals.
Oil Kings win 41 and will head to the Memorial Cup.
And now I can relax
just because.
it was the first song i ever heard by them, too :P
Massive downpour in Apple Valley!
We need the rain, just not an entire's months worth in one hour!
Birthday wish...can i host saturday night live?
Come see Pete McCutchen's photos and listen to irish melodies by Conor Malone at 901 New York Ave NW till 8pm tonight!
Marietta/GA
check now
so nice here this past week, maybe we will have a summer afterall!
Take care of your body.
It's the only place you have to live.
Not the biggest fan of Pacult.
He charges 10.99 for his iwhiskey app and has not updated it for 2 Years.
That's lame.
Everything in life is temporary.
funny i don't recall the players standing up against the condition of monte carlo courts; and they resulted in 2 serious injuries.
Eerily quiet on tv.
Sounds like a golf tournament.
Put a smile on ma'am.
well if the tire turns about 400 times in a mile, wack 80 in half and thats 40 min.
Oh hey i want to do something tonight, who's down?
imjesus I do what i want
I'm in as well.
Cocktail here then we can always walk over.
agreed!
itsallforLove!
You have to love the journey  adventure!
:
I cannot say enough bad things about him LOL.
Nope!
In the office.
Wouldn't miss it.
Huge day for our team.
Watching dirty dancin wiff my mommy
They know what it is!
Yall know what it is!
lol hahahaha
Raiders dominated!
Go Chiefs!
thanks for follow krystal
Keep your mouth shut and your legs open
SHUT UP!
ELIZABETH WARREN is part INDIAN.
I thought she was just INTELLIGENT and was going to beat the HELL out of SCOTT BROWN.
NLD Mom.
ReThink Interview: Ondi Timoner  On Tech Startups and the Documentary ...
Huffington Post
I'm cummn I had 2clean this room...but yes we gtta most def tawk cause I can't
Hey team!
Requested demo earlier this week, rerequested just now.
Any way I can get a demo tomorrow morning?
Considering giving all my faculty an iPad2 that they could use to fan themselves off.
Digging Stella's blue steel look
The only winner in this case would be the media.
Huge OT win!
Let's go
good looking parents!!
No wonder you're so adorable!
IMHO, there are few things more tortutous than leading a 5x5 league in May.
I'm paranoid to stay ahead of curve  I want to stick w/ guys.
That would be Fight Club
Happy birthday !
333
it's not that they don't realize it , it's because they can't do nothing about it lol
Interesting interpretation that the Supreme court does not have right to undermine a law passed by congress.
THAT is unconstitutional.
hmm
thank you so much!
Thanks for letting us feed you!
Thanks for your time talking with us at NMNH last week  plenty of work ahead, but all doable.
Of course you get to keep your superhero cape!
For the speedoctorading and many other reasons.
3
Good morning and Happy Easter, everyone!
Doesn't take much to say it back.
It would be appreciated.
Trying to gather names of top hs coaches in different states.
Any help wud b appreciated.
GoingRed with chipotle chicken breast with zucchini and squash!
After an amazing weekend, going back to work to rest.
Looking forward to a GREAT week!
But Then I'm Going To Be A Loner .
Family beside us in departure lounge  iPhone, iPhone, iPhone, iPad, all keying, none talking.
IT'S NEVER OVER!!!!
6 SECONDS LEFT!
Missed the actual goal when I went to brush my teeth.
Shame on me!
guessing 99 of your followers do not meet VIP status.
You gotta keep up...you gotta keep going!
Call Of Duty Mode.
It's a ponytail and pearls kinda day
News about Diablo I reminds me of the approximate 10 days I spent on the underground caverns of Diablo II collecting items.
great day today, lots of cool stuff done...
www.starlightstudiosorlando .com
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my advantage to do for it anything I can.
RT : Street food asia..
Delicious!
Hey it's humpday!
Try a 1 doctornk with lunch!
the security at the air port
RT pumped to c the last number.
Looking gr8 from here.
Everyone is mesmerized
Frozen rave pizza!
It's the coolest!
For what purpose would social media monitoring serve if not for control?
Terrorism is not an excuse.
The Govt.
fears the masses.
Good!
Stop being thirsty , it's not a good look !
The most important quality in a leader is that of being acknowledged as such
Congrats to Cathy Hughes on winning the 2012 NAACP Chairman's Award.
im hear u no were to find me
If you want to still be considered a best friend, start acting like one.
I'm at Occupy Los Angeles tonight!
Come find me and support the movement :
well said sir!
obvs As did I.
Love!!RT : RT : if we only develop our brain we will loose sight of our heart.
LOLL!
How have you been twitter bestiee?
: FRIENDS: Knock on your door.
BEST FRIEND: Walks into your house and starts eating.
all day at Galle's :
Watching Red Sox in 2 and feel cheated they edited out two innings of Justin Verlander pitching.
I am now!
:  I like your site and your mission.
ABDC.
tonight.
ICONic Boyz.
Cant wait
thank you so much : but I have ps3 only you can pass the code for an xbox user, sorry I thought you were giving ps code :
pride  disgrace, humility  wisdom.
It's like the parting of the orange sea!
WTF!!
Sipping on some Amsterdam ....
why do you have to go to the same places all the time.
Like ugh.
Wow, you really care about putting down another team that much?
I'm not a huge baseball fan but love underdogs, not bullies.
hell yeah they betta
I'm goin to typhoon lagoon then the party at islands of adventure tonight gonna e like 200 people in the park no fucking lines or bullshit
Ontario Woman's Club to hold appraisal event  Inland Valley Daily Bulletin
Yes RT wings on deck for u sis when U come back!!!
yes beach tomorrow!!
wow here in Los Angeles, CA it's 10:45 am so it's tonite rite?
My mama is cooking some good stuff.....superbowlpartymyhouse...
follow me, I follow back.
TEAM ALEXIS
Haha.
Wait, reading it?
Or did somebody leave a note in the office?!
Bored and tired not in the mood 2 do anything but mabe enjoy the day nice and sunny but windy
holy shit!
Stay in, stay safe!
Welcome Morroco!
Help A Librarian has reached 50 countries.
Our spanish teacher put as cooter on the projecter hahahahaha
AAVG watch at open tomorrow...
Catching the tail end of a presentation on the possible future of the Poe House.
Lots of good ideas!
If this isn't curl up on the couch coffee doctornking weather, we don't know what is!
Stay safe and enjoy the day everyone!
aren't they amazing?!
They're hilarious!
Haha'
Happy Happy Birthday!
My 3rd tweet and 3rd follow goes to the boy who stole my birthday, because he is my inspiration, and i love him 143 :
Glad to hear it!
The absolute classiest.
We're always open to new ideas!
Thanks Amanda :
Haha!
Monkey chant.
Did you ever do that where they all sit in a circle?
RT Give a basic bitch some followers, and she thinks she's the shit
paying attention and bravo!
np 'My boy builds coffins' Florence  The Machine
My male cousins are some of the coolest cats I know!
Tornado Watch in effect for Wilcox, Clarke and Monroe Co.
until 5pm  NO one else in WSFA area is included in this watch.
Have a good day Chef!
RT TGIF!
Thanks for following the MHMusic Squad.
Follow everyone
instagood RT Photo: Win a QSW beach blanket!
Just share on Instagram a sunset photo using hashtag qswsunsets!
: we hope to have a show there sometime in near future!
come shout at us on our fb page sometime too :
taxes are a game.
If you think it's anything else, you're taking yourself too seriously.
Ed, CPE instructor
glad u are good!!
: I'm great, auditioning for The Voice on Sunday.
Super excited
RT Interesting preso re: online, videobased platform that simulates human convo.
Case  tampabaygangs.com.
guys and girls can both do terrible/heartbreaking things ..
it bothers me when people just blame one sex for relationship troubles.
Warrior is far superior in every aspect compared to The Fighter.
the show is on.
Life Lesson: anytime you learn a lesson what you are really doing is trading your time and energy for knowledge and wisdom..
I like the direction of your casual lifestyle theme..
Perhaps the white font in the footer is a little hard to read/see?
Thank you for the FOLLOW :D xoxo
How do you go from where you are to where you want to be?
I think you have to have an enthusiasm for life.
Jimmy V
you're crabby
webinar  pie  good planning.
Dear God,I know this life isn't easy,so because of ur love I'll always have faith in u.
Love Jennifer
I don't usually doctornk tequila, but when I do I text back in Spanish hha
Thank you, Jenny!
Finally!
Crosscompiled mono 2.8.1 for OpenWrt on armeb and used it to run a small FSharp program on an
Agreed RT : I am not confident that the industry will self regulate here.
There needs to be more incentives
Bad Teacher
ilookforward to this summer its gonna be epic ..
Just Let Go  Let God.
just turn it on on Netflix
have you created an account yet?
You're prompted to make an account when you sign up.
Thanks for a great conversation today at sxsw!
Just do a couple extra reps in the gym or some extra tabata training.
The cookie calories will be gone in no time.
dhtrial wynonas attorney mark garagos just won 8 million in insurance bad faith related case.
5 million for elder abuse!
OMG!!!
just got my new phone!
Your love is intoxicating.
3
not sure about the FF element, but it's specifically for Mac.
Supposedly runs super small.
Something always looks a lil off though
wise choice.
Ok this is seriously fucked up funny but all the halo's I've bought have been stolen from me.
Except for 2.
Looks like its back up
Numbers high, I'm high.
Good job last night bro , avoiding that potential disaster ..haha
Everybody Is Talking About Height Now , Lol .
Ugh.
Body turns to plasma every time a Titanic 3D commercial airs.
Excuse me while I tuck my preteen back in.
wow!
Tell me Demetri isn't going?
haha I never burn cupcakes and THEY'RE PURPLE :D
Is HRT going to make it to the grid with De La Rosa's car?
Perhaps the first big question of the F1 season
good for you!
Get your workout on, honey cakes, LMAO :
Tip 157: In HU NL play versus an agg opp you should limp your button more often.
This opens up more plays in pos.
What do you thinkabout the hi  of transfers this yr?

good thing he has trouble focusing on school work.
Thank You!
Are there any internships available for students yet?
have a wonderfull day and be safe
RT : Bin Laden has been gone a year to the day.
There is nothing better than burning 250cal and sweating professorsely to get the day going.
cardio LAFitnessinthebasement consistency?
you'll be glad to know I just registered us for several new sets of stemware and other various glasses, as well as ramekins.
For every single political issue in US, citizens are asked to donate money to fight the cause.
Fed up with it.
Totally fed up with it.
Time to go to the hospital.
I know that it will help!!
WHO DEY!!
let's get this lockout over with, and let's play some football!!
Just had a big bowl of Escarole and Beans made with fresh smoked bacon!
Awesome!
Back to Had a 3day break from Shawn T and digging deeper.
Now onto my last two weeks and a thrilling finish!
Love doesn't always have to be such hard work
aw the little bunnies are so cute!!
I personally like the purple 1!
; thx for the discount!!
much luv xx
My Son Is My Greatest Achievement !
well you're silly :P
I would never 
Value yourself enough to choose to be with someone who wants you as much as you want them.
I vote this scheme forever be banned!
No matter the outcome.
Same for the ref uniforms.
Both are terrible.
works for me!
Souljaboy get with me and let tour together Bro.
MAC celebrates Miami's Moms macmoms w/
need to get 2 runs here and we are back in the game
It's perfect ice cream weather.
Not too hot not too cold
Any teachers out there?
RT : Would love a beyond Google research class.
Help a girl out, Philly!
Now they're saying the sports pack isn't even available at my new addoctorss...
Impeach Scott Walker.
Support Wisconsin!
Is the season finale of House of Lies really this weekend??
Dammit.
I feel like it just started.
all chips are good!
Tyler?
Did you tell him you block Novak's shot?
A lot of mocks have the Bucks grabbing him at 12.
How u gone b older than me still throwin temper tantrums grow tf up,
Can't believe servers crashed again.
Glad I'm sitting these things out from now on.
funny you should say that.
After googling haskell, the link I chose was for learnyouahaskell.com :
how did he do it?
Lesson learned: Don't try to fit an IKEA wardoctorbe organizer into a ClosetMaid closet system.
Frustrated.
Oh, and happy 234th birthday country o'mine!
RT GlRLTHINGS: Sometimes, I don't text you first because I don't want to feel like I'm annoying you.
If these fools are dogs then call me the animal abuser : haha
but yet I see you having lots of fun!
IGOT MY NABOR ON TAPE BEATING ON HIS NABORS HOUSE WITH A BACEBALL BAT AND HES SAID NEXTIME HES NOT GOING TO COME PEACEFULLY DOYOU HERE THAT
thanks  just received my certificationproud to be a member of such a great organization!!!
Jus finished doing doctorads,I knw it's strange but I had 2 do it.Any1 wit a heart wud step in I guess dats wut dey call
: Already helped me accomplish bday goal: daww ur welcome
In the one year since I was licensed to practice in Illinois my first chair verdicts and settlements total 905,984.65.
Love how in Harlem is Nowhere, the library is a central cast member for the author, specifically the 
Let's go with creepy.
Who wants to see LMFAO live in concert!?
Know my HOT MESS of the week at 4pm and be caller 103!
7661035

FOLLOW THE ORIGINAL ' to the mahomies ' account!
:
lmao did u see that HS pic I tweeted
It was a serious struggle to get up this morning.
Womp
praying for ya sis
glad I'm not the only one.
I'm sure I'll give in by 9:15 :
My new tattoo is so sick!
Them idiots don't know past 65 our fingers and eyes work just fine.
Great responses today on 25th and St Paul!
Cops came toward the end because of the kid who tagged me 3 times with a bibi gun!
I am ok.
: taking another moment to congatulate you on your HOF induction.
I'm sorry I could not be there in person.
If you're gonna bring a laser pointer, you gotta have a cat  words of wisdom from
Vanessa Hudgens must be hating her life after seeing Zac in this movie.
This is an argument in favor of the voiceoperated home.
My lamps would be triggered by invective, my alarm clock by threats.
NoAssAtAll you better have money to make up for it.
aw, you're wonderful, !
thanks!
what a great way to end my day :
Whats up man, you left us a message on Reverb....
Follow us so we can talk thanks...
Orphanz
keep hydoctorted as well
When will FM radios be able to be recorded like DVR?
Free!
Idea!
i want to record/reverse and save shows or songs.
Is this happening?
3112
20 MORE DAYS
Brewers who were the packers at the game today?
Church is the new stage show where everyone can be in the play.
Sip until I spill it smoke it til its done
DEPENDING ON HOPE AND WISHING CAN BE A BAD CHOICE SOMETIMES !!!
Blues festival in Lebanon.
Pretty cool event.
Wine Tasting in Temecula with my book club girls!
Omg I did not put that as my twitter name.....Tristan
I wish I could have a 14 month old.
That first infant year is a killer.
But does go so quickly.
In a sleepless fog of wonder.
;
Setting up near the Tech Petting Zoo at the Super Happy Block Party Hope the robots don't eat our ping pong balls.
I don't understand!
These tunes pumping out the Neubig speakers are phenomenal!
:
I'm so depressed that I'm not seeing Allstar Weekend at all....
Not even funny 3
Yes and I HATE TEA CAKE, so why on Earth do the bots serve it to their guests!
Congrats!
I know you helped us!
Happy sunday tweethearts!
Plain and simple answer!
RT : body.
lol
would love a ski adventure!
RT : I'm thinking you  Raul need a Colorado snow adventure this year...
Even has a mile long line!
People taking cincodemayo really seriously!
thanks for liking my page.
absolutely dudes.
can't wait.
:
wouldn't that just be cool?I'm sure one day there will be: know the name of some good painters lol No.
or So.Va?
Spread the butter wait why did I just say that im assuming your eating rolls rite now not that I would care wait I would care
RT:  STAYS making me proud to be an Oh So Fly Hermana 3
I don't care how your workout was today.
Awful.
Terrible loss.
What a waste.
This team has a lot of holes...
Is enjoying Miller High Life, and their donations to Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, IAVA.
You should too!
That will go down as one of the greatest moments ever.
good to see you both and catch up a little Saturday.
Great night.
Season/Home Opener!!!!
GO HAWKS GO!!
Happy Groundhog Day!
What's happening on Larchmont today?
Tell your parents Ted Nugent is playing the New Daisy tomorrow.
Watch their eyes light up.
anyone know of an open post office in phoenix?
near zip 85050.
thanks!
Making fun of the Buff kid for doubting god is not cool.
There was absolutely nothing wrong w/ anything he said.
Many ppl in the
Kiddo and I are half comatose on the couch...
looks like it could send a fax too
What is the difference between digital society and the one we live in?
From Cullen Murphy at
You did great Sally!
I just loved watching all of your videos  what fun!
You should live tweet the movie.
Just to complete the hype.
when do you come home?
I miss yahh!
:
looking like it is all over at Twickenham!!
The soul is born old but grows young.
That is the comedy of life.
In your opinion which company consistently gets it wrong/makes bad decisions?
I need to learn how to study
I've gotta go, will be back on twitter later
Gonna crash tonight, exhausted
We have some great deals on VIP if you want to ask questions or book a table, please call 414.335.9569!
RT  Single  Taken  I love my mom
good morning sunshine!
I don't know if you were going or staying, but where ever you are, be safe and have fun:
Happy birthday!
Tink deliberately thwarts the chain of command, gives false orders to try to assassinate Wendy.
Banished for a week.
Protecting people are the main ideas behind safe gun storage.
Happy to serve you!
This is why I love you!3.
Off Top and I'm sorry to disappoint you lol but I didn't get an A on the test I got B tho that test was hard as hell tho
sigh.
i love you too.
but.
ugh.
i don't even know.
text me please?
oh alright then you have fun xD
them was the days
: The only thing that will get me through writing an entire news cast is matchbox twenty's pandora station attagirl
The Hernando, MS has to be the suckiest one on the planet.
: l get butterflies when i feel your touch 3
They playing poppin on wgci as a throwback jam lol i heard this song in a while
and it's not missing you.
pick me please :
About 4 years ago, localgov CEx's started to see a trend in emails direct from Ministers  why do they always arrive at 4.30 on Fridays?
That's great!
Disneyland definitely is one of our favorite places!
There is always electricity and magic in the air!
I'm a Mike Miller fan.
You have to love shooters.
hahah riding deep in the Kia!
how my teacher, teaches us it is only some parts aren't
Like a gun slinger!
lol what's up?
Finals been keep you busy?
:
I hate you guys, one day ChickFilA will come to Oregon and then I will rule the world!
ah, it's so nice to have a home on Christmas.
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mommies out there!
Can't believe actually made it 
umami paste just arrived.
Anyone out there have cooking suggestions?
Can I use in chili?
Thank you so much for your kind words.
I am just worried about labs being closed in NovDec, and delaying a potential IVF.
haha!
do your research ..hilarious!
I'm on it!
:
Dear , shush it.
Lol
Come see us before the game!
watching for it as well, but don't think it will have anything to do with race
: Due tomorrow  Do tomorrow story of my life 
Happy Birthday.
I love GetFlow.
it was so very disappointing.
And I went in wanting to love it!
working across party lines, less partisan/political football, cutting out the gamesmanship, and doing your work on time!
Oh jeez, how does that happen?!
Yeah, he looks like it.
He doesn't need to do all that much for me!
Is she pretty?RT : i know what she really looks like!
That looks amazing!
feminine fellas will throw a monkey wrench n some shit
Real nigga shit ball out here try my best to keep my starting pos
Welcome New Followers!!
Sat Morning Shoutout!
yay!
Anxiously waiting for my gold card!
Within a week Im already more than halfway to my free doctornk!!
Thanks for the message.
Happy to follow.
I have some projects w/ close ties to China.
Looking forward to learning from you.
Hi Manuela,I love you on Price Is Right.
You ar sp cute and sweet.
:
WHAT TYPE OF FOUL WAS THAT.
people outside the mall asking if they can serenade you for some change..
okay!
Badger game today!
Wouldnt some tacos make the game that much better?
rechargeable batteries.
Good morning!
I hope everyone had a great weekend and all the mommies had a Happy Mother's Day : Come get a healthy SUBWAY breakfast!
I hate my third period so much.
I dont even wanna go.
My big brothers music is rubbing off on me..its weird..
I like good music now, not shitty mainstream music..yayay
Have a great weekend!
New: Foie Gras Oysters sauteed, with quail egg sunny side up and a white truffle balsamic reduction.
We'll know the future of the Farmers Market Building in Sherman Heights in about 1hr 30 mins.
nowhere now it done got cold.
Lol
yeah I was doing okay, but I've become pretty distracted as the nights gone on
what do you look like I'll give u a shout out If I make it on X factor !
:
We're all gonna get matching tattoos that say Dirty Chai Life in Papyrus.
that moment you realize McGee from NCIS is Zachary binx from Hocus Pocus.
Woo Hoo I won tickets from Sprint to the Nascar Race on Sunday ...
First Good Luck I have had in weeks maybe the cards will follow as well.
glad you made it home...Spidey misses Jordini.
You can come back if you want to look at a pretty tree!
: My hometown station just announced my summer concert with ..venue is right by my house.
BBQ batches!
EXLIBRISL: A great forum for those of us who hate answering the actual question asked.
I was having such a good day until this
Thanks for RTing our blog post!
I cant stop laughing at Countess LuAnn
naw but you trying be down ?!
Figured.
If you need someone to watch your back up here, I always give the Corporate Discount to people who were good to me!
ICarly!!
I Go One Direction!!
you have been very quiet lately.....
So when my brother can't find mother's day cards, he buys my mom a Mexican graduation card, a fiber one bar  a mother's day balloon 
Made Mexican Chocolate Brownies tonight, such a good idea.
Don't know why the idea never occurred to me before.
: Thank you for just referring to a car as a music studio, that just made my night and sums up everyone's lives.
:
Tune in!
Jo Koy on 97.9fm Hilarious stuff!
RT : West Palm Beach, FL: I am up early and about to be on
Thanks for the RT, Ryan.
It is much appreciated:
what about me lol
Don't get into trouble.
Take our Shuttle.
A very strong day reaching everyone's studliest goals.
We are on pace to make the 1,000,000 point challenge.
Keep up the good work!
if you build it, I will come.
;
Blount with a HUGE run.
Gains 30 yards bouncing to the right side and then over a DB.
their proceeds back into local communities/nonprofessorts, etc.
Do it
LIAM WHATEVER YOU DO...
DO NOT HAVE YOUR TWITCAM WHILE I AM AT SCHOOL!
It's almost Summer...
Of Punk 3.
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
hanging out today with Jacob, Jocelyn, and Kyle was one huge wild party.
: Today was fun but school tomorrow?
no thank you..
follow me bck
SKINNY NIGGA but im tat tat tatted UP!!!!!
FOLLOW ME If u have tatz lolz
Its a nice day out...ill be done around 4 :D
whats on the agenda:Challenges facing Public Pension Plans: past, present and future
yep.
I know.
But so true.
FOLLOWING SOME FOLLOWERS OF 
I just auditioned last week for In Plain Sight...what's your favorite thing about the show?
If you can keep your head when all about you Are losing theirs and blaming it on you; If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you
Two Asian ladies cooking something I don't recognize but it smells good.
who called you?
I like high 5s.
Wanna know why?
Cuz they're consensual.
overheard at NAU
but baby it's cold outside ...
i hate those so called friends that talk shit behind your back.
Causin' a commotion ...
I hope you find what yer lookin' for ...
We're wastin' time  make up yer mind and get into the groove!
how can you yell?
Why this 30 yr old lady in the restaurant acting like she 16...
Thanks for the follow !
Up now, Florida Virtual Schools' Holly Sagues
u close thursday?
RT : It's official.
Daisuke Matsuzaka will pitch for Pawtucket Thursday night in Durham.
I'd like to see a tv series about the menagerie of Hippolytus Medici.
Intrigue!
Desperation!
Linguistic confusion!
I'll be singing for for their awareness event at Grace United Methodist downtown tomorrow 19th 6:00!!
Come on out!
what a shame that Seth is leaving...SMH
i get annoyed when you fakes spam my mentions get the fuck out my mentions 
was I invited to VC?
Nice work on the IgniteBaltimore webcast last night
RT  When the POWER OF LOVE overcomes the Love of Power, the World will know...
P E A C E Jimi Hendoctorx
thanks for the links.
I am trying to figure out how schools that are in the middle obtain technology.
idol  Joshua made a good song choice.
It was smooth for the most part but got a bit screamy at the end.
when someone can't fight their own fights 
Haha, I was running 60, I'm sorry that I wasn't going 90 like you ma'am!!
You slow down tomorrow!
Now I shall sleep!
Night!
RT : Putting off a decision IS a decision, a decision to do nothing.
Seldom does doing nothing produce something worthwhile.
Congrats to on their Victory over Loyola.
Pride  Poise!!
agreed, travel for work a lot, so I have lots of people watching experience.
In the process of moving for the 3rd time in two yrs.
Q1 is now underway yeah.
Those nectar points are more important though!!
Good morning, twitter!
Skip Bayless just called Shaq...Shakira O'Neal!!!
Totally funny and took me by surprise tis morning.
getting an hdmi cable to watch movies on my tv instead of my laptop 
Reading the papaer at work.
I am so busy!
oh my goodness!
Arbogeddon?
Iverson was never better than Kobe though..
All the credit for the past tweet goes to
Madonna's new album is titled, 'MDNA' Will it be genetics themed, or an EDM album produced by Skrillex?
Where in Arkansas and Oklahoma do you have ties?
Just finished working on a music video with our lovely blue Monster puppet Fritz.
I am sure he is gonna break hearts ;
with most of the crew today.
looking nice fellas
Its the journey, not the destionation : 
on the way to the lab...workin on the key 2 success volume 2.......free my dawg jamesjo
I'm graduating today!!!
What ever you fear most, lean into it.
It has not 1/10 the power of your light.
It will surely topple.
xxoo
Speaking of Madonna, got mdna in the mail yesterday....mega snaps
The fck w/ whataburger, the ATT Center needs an InNOut in their arena...
BTW east coasters, I'm not insensitive.
I'm just snarky.
When gets the balls to invite me to sing karaoke sometime, her and the lives of all MKE Alehouse patrons will never be the same.
Thank you for your kind words and thoughts.
They're truly appreciated.
good camp suggestions.
Is a small camera ok to bring?
what I miss trek?
Beautiful Eminem on replay.
3
Thank you for the follow, I appreciate your support and wish you well in yours as well  ps, your tweets make me laugh
Nine players w/in two shots of the lead!
Anyone interested in SoundersFC seats for next week's LA Galaxy Match?
I have six seats for sale four rows from the field...
Currently recording.
Come see us play with this Friday night!
Im so fucking tired....
grrrr I so dont feel like working
Off to the C3 Breakfast Dialog this morning.
Discussing South Embarcadero.
Please say Hi if you see me...
UNICEF is hiring a Rails developer.
Way to go Rails.
Meeting w my accountant in a few hours...
Goodnight and goodbye weekend.
.
Hmm.
That's a good idea.
You've inspired us to hold a Twitter contest tomorrow!
Stay tuned...
Great to meet you, too!
I live Nick's shyness when he talks about girls...
Ah!
:D
a person is like a book a can throw u away
those are some antiarchival high acid materials.
Just had a glass of 07 Dilemme CDJ which I will pair with a nap.
You know you're a fanboy when bar graphs on CNBC remind you of partials on Operator.
holy moley!!
Even the black ones?
If so, I've got nothing :/
Finding all sorts of people I can think of on here..im liking this so far
SO TRUE!
Thanks for the reminder.
like may 25thish but then i'm going to the mistertal beach for a week, so beginning of june i'd say..
or around the 3rd
Went to the Bellevue Chamber yesterday.
That group has great energy.
I hope everyone got out and voted today!
The past year speaks volumes to how important it is to vote for who represents your beliefs.
I take that back.
Hibbert sucks tonight.
so many of my questions about keyword searching of the Shoah video archives have been answered.
62 degrees today Milwaukee
saw reunion.
You are mean.
I gotta be honest, I'm sexist when it comes to Pokémon.
x I don't want a girl Pokémon that looks like a boy one, and vise versa :p
Im giving the answer soon
Free show tonight!
Blue Star Creeper  friends, starting soon.
Come on down, the Super Moon compels you...
RT : Video: Crosby Kemper I joins Gov Nixon's Civil War Commission  talks about Missouri's role in the CW....
It's DAY TWO of the biggest Beach Bash in Wrigleyville!
Shipwrecked at the CMC 25 OPEN Bar  Food Buffet 37PM during Lake View Music Fest!
Sometimes you just gotta get down to business.
Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good!
His faithful love endures forever.
Psalm 106:1
Ahh!
JaneEyre is trending!
Hurrah!
For free access to selected articles on JE go to www.maney.co.uk/journals/bst  click on 'top articles'
GOING TO THE BIG TIME RUSH CD SIGNING IN NATICK SATURDAY!!!
OMFG I am so fuckin excited!!!
i can't wait to meet them!!!
:D
Rickey Heads to Atlanta Motor Speedway tomorrow leaving behind many fans and friends in Daytona, Symarna, St Cloud, Florida come see us!
Arizona man shoots penis, check our web page under US  World News  Baldinger
thank you love!!!
Means a lot
Friday Flood Tip: Remove as much water as possible by mopping and blotting.
Damn looks like trouble in Heat land
i had tears in my eyes.
Because actually that it so true.
I feel sad.
But on the other hand I feel happy about J
So, this is happening.
NowPlaying.
De'Angelo.
Untitled.
Pat Robertson your true colors have been exposed.
Roses R red,violets R blue,u actually thought id cry over u?I told u i loved u  u believed it was true so guess what playa?u got played too
Waiting till last minute to book travel over next few weeks.
7pm on a Friday in office is only time.
Party on Wayne......
Affairs are best prevented by having a strong maritalfriendship.
Truly listen to your partner.
One in every 4 Americans has appeared on television.
ha ha ha I survived lol.
They are home tucked away.
I miss them :
just went on a jog w Chandoctor.
It was a blast!
Had great chat about relationships w God!
How was workout w Sarver?
lame response :P
also rising from dead this morning.
Rocky vs.
Clubber Lang tomorrow night.
KD and Westbrook, we need to bring it.
yes 3/21 Lamplighter Lounge They are great!
And, damnit, it's not illegal to release movies not based on comic/boardgame/amusement park ride franchises.
how you worried bout anotha nigga whn you got me smh...
Game for lames 101
sorry , I meant
: misterBen Cohen, misterJerry Greenfield, I thank you for combine 2 of my favorite desserts.
Ice cream and Boston Creme Pie.
In the OB waiting room.
So exhausted I could take a nap right here.
When will the fall weather snap get here?
I'm kinda itchin for the crispness of fall weather...
Very Excited to have Maya Saad Joining the Production Team!
what's ur number
Have a great happy new year!
Have tons of fun but most important be safe!!!
Happy Easter weekend from !
EllenRTme day 153
rogue crafts writer!
Congrats to JAMS major Stephanie Obst on being named Miss Milwaukee 2012!
Calling it a night.
At my daughter's 5th grade graduation.
She is growing up too fast.
Kinda looks like the NHL's asking for a lockout, doesn't it?
And for the life of me, I don't know why.
Agreed.
I'd like to see more nuanced choices to account for that personal currency, similar to creative commons in copyright.
Do your good deed for the day and spread the word about Hit Man to Hero.
Help EndSlavery!
My muse is lastminute panic.
Disappointed with Lloyd cd.
I always wondered by the Verizon center promotes Groupon when Living Social HQ is right across the street
nope just Kate and Sal
yeah I don't get how kids are in the position that this can happen
Had the crazy tarot card reading yesterday...!
I'm pissed
She better be if she is the president of the alumni assoc!!!
: It's Friday?
Then you're way over my head for a Friday.
Loving my new hair!
My son is going through his first day of Basic Training.
Proud mama here!
: Go Mitchell!
Need some doctorPepper asap..
My to do's before heading south tomorrow are long.
;
I love the freeze dance QuiltDad!
Is this at your library?
Library storytime rocks!
Hooray for you!
You sat on the gory side!
RT Ran into at a show.
LTI looks very good as a way to integrate 3rd party tools into Moodle  language agnostic: a/o between LMS
ESPN radio during SSR in English...
Oh yeah...
Thanks for the mentions today.
My quiet little site has seen its most action today.
Happy Friday everyone!
What's on the docket in Milwaukee this weekend?
If you're not sure check out some great events from...
i loved them all.
just make sure you know what you're about to read ;
Wow.
At home with nothing pressing to do for the first time in I don't even know.
Power went out at school!
Not having to say my order at yellow vendor because I go so frequently
Hell of a game
Happy 21st Birthday Sam Clement Ham!!!
What did WFAN's Mike Francesa say about Tweeting?
That it should be illegal?
Hey Mike  fail.
EPIC fail.
You are so out of touch
what happened!?
WarOnAmerica RT It's not just Catholics.
RT : it's War on Catholics, but nobody's saying so
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
30
Ha!
Owner of The Ballroom just doctorpped by my social media production office  he's stuck here all day after forgetting keys in Minneapolis!
Friday night listening to Streisand Broadway Pandora radio while reading about collective memory.
Pretty G.
Huh..?
Aha
I'll tell you what Little Richard likes...Little Richard's
Studio been running all day.
Sonny Money Just killed it.
Young Doe getting in the booth now.
And Big Blake in a few hours...
Welcome to the BBN !!
HA!
Good call, my apologies.
: RT : I never want to hear the words meaty spider and egg sack ever again.
Not ever.
Congrats Mayor lol
All molesters should be castrated and there should be cameras at every school in every classroom ProtectOurKids  XavierLT.com
Without blood?!
That's crazy!
Amazing that she survived.
Going to lunch with my mom and stepdad for Mother's Day is THE PERFECT start to my day!
itsawkwardwhen you fall asleep on you date, at a fancy restaurant, that's crowded maybe that's why he never asked me out again
stay gettin busy on the dance floor lmao
What's the thin thing?
Lots of fun, I can't wait.
Hope to see you both there.
Cheers!
it's like freaking out over a famous guy ;
oh I want to go swimming..
doctornks then movies after work!
It's official, spring cleaning mode is on.
Have you scheduled your doctorveway and garage cleaning yet?
He wanna speak to my ma now.
Oh Lawd
Very exciting!
Keep us posted on Monte's progress!
I wish I wasn't so tall.
That way I wouldn't always hit my head off of door frames like now.
thank you Dalny : its Michele!
End your perfect first day of Spring with us, at an awesome rock show and dance party at RRB starting at 9:30 tonight!
the Mask Mamba needs a new one with super powers horrible lost last two nights
Missouri is...the ShowMe state!
Plus, It maintains the icy wall that protects us from white walkers!
I love my fans hella tough.
let us know what you think, looking forward to having you.
VW Golf Review  Recombu
I hate that svu and revenge is on at the same time
wow u r so quick,good morning darling
Still makes sense and thanks!
In grading mode myself, so unless you're a student I'm paying little attention to grammar today.
Mega Mondays Up Elevated Lounge.
Tasty Tapas and divine doctornk specials..
...
I am watching Betty White's show for the first time.
Dying of laughter right now!
We've all had footinmouth moments via text, but this gem on Gawker has to be one of the douchiest examples.Essentially, a dude goes out
does that mean your getting knocked up???
can u send me the link one more time, cuz i can't open this one
Delia: this would be a tremendous backslide.
The majority of students are capable of achieving regular standards and being successful.
aw that sounds nice :
Huge shout out to BFF for bringing the music back!
Thanks for the headphones...NYC has its beat back!
Thanks very much , means a lot.
still being a creep on chatroulette with aunt Naye?
Hahaha penis penis penis 
Today I have an overwhelming urge to see the Avengers...Do you think my employer would notice if I took a 2 hour lunch break?
Finishing touches to t design today then submitting.
this is the second show about pizza...
it's a sign
Entering the green room for Ebooks and the Library User Experience at ebooksummitstarts at 3 pm.
See you there.
MaleModelMonday shout out to  Happy Monday!
I bet Tony G.
wanna be back in KC now lol.
Don't look too promising to get a playoff win with Matty Ice Won't be shocked for return to KC
Heatles might have been better off in the fourth quarter with a lineup of John, Paul, Ringo and George.
If we apply now and are fortunate enough to get accepted, when does the next session start?
Is Dumb And Dumber a respectable film?
haha
thanks!
Can't wait!!
How your semester finish!!?
isn't that a violation of some sort?
My bulbs are popping up!
There's hope yet for spring in Cleveland.
sucker for love
That just blew me...
Hey man, Here is my pin 325772D5 how can I help you?
Oh yeah!
Thats dirty!
RT : booked flights to SD october for mud run.
How Dirty is that!!!
Lookout for doing an interview about our blog soon!
Happy planting ;  VA needs more acres under vine.
: We're planting petite verdot, merlot, cab franc today
bets that the first guy to ever doctorss up as a clown was really creepy.
James Brown.
ALL DAY
Sign up to the enewsletters in the ABOUT page and get the KP PR details on events and raffles.
I've had it with dead white guys!
Last full week of school.
Crazy.
May your neighbors respect you, trouble neglect you, angels protect you, and heaven accept you 
Leprechaun marathon ...
very cute!!
: I think the only thing all of NYC agrees on, is that Staten Island is irrelevant.
Even SI agrees We don't count b.
You're welcome.
Listening to pcasts by news instead of NPR.
Not thrilling, but more challenging than DK history/trivia programs.
WOW what a weird 1st round.
Indiana advanced, Chicago eliminated, and The Boston Mummies knocked out Hotlanta.
It's a glorious day on the boat in SF Bay.
Extending my spring break by being sick on the first day back...
thanks for the advice
Castle Redmond says Oakland school cut suspensions by 87
Thank you!
:
you're welcome?
I think?
Haha.
Okay!
Changing the subject!
Congratulations to Bevan  Matt of Paragon Restaurant  Bar SF for passing their Level 1 Sommelier Exam.
Cheers!
Saw someone taking a family photo in front of the new Walmart.
They don't get out much...
I don't think my mom understand the my throat hurts concept because she keeps calling.
Thanks!
I hope you like 'em.
I had been told that the training procedure with cats was difficult.
It's not.
Mine had me trained in two days.
Bill Dana
folding laundoctor is one of the most annoying things in the world.
hey!
where have you been?
you are missing out on a ton at the fellowship!
The influence of the iPad in special education is remarkable: 46 of users access our app from an iPad!
Soony's not there
Had a great workout today at the gym.
This week I'm training with my trainer 3 straight days.
Gotta switch it up!!
I need professorssional help.
I get an email about a new scanner debuting at ala11 and why did I get excited; considering I'm building one.
...and Mike Perkins is back again on Jan 29.
Stay tuned for a SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT for new Thursday nights!
And more shows announced soon.
doctoraming of white sand beaches and warm weather...
What math is it?
How are you?
You aren't lame..
Its just nobody likes you..
hahaha justkidding :p
Just learned more about plan to make attendance count everyday!
The photo banners w/ youth quotes look great.
Thx for the shout our and follow
so ur leaving Wednesday around 9?
I knew it, I just knew you had too.
You couldn't even resist.
Hi sexy mami!
I just wanted to say im a big fan of yours  i LOVE your work XOXO
Duck Sausage with Apple Brandy today!
My apologies, redeye caught up to me, am crashing out.
Tomorrow perhaps?
just did it lol :
Like a gunslinger, I do what I do for the money and the respect.
WHSummit Dept of labor wants to dismantle the barriers in access to the federal assistance programs.
youve been saying you love me for how long..
?
hahaha joke.
No argument there.
thank goodness i found my sim card...
i've would of been sleep!
I lovee too :
Anyone by the Abbey Pub, in chicago?
No, you are not.
Last night's roaming party was insane....
sleeping now.
G'night Owls...
S/o to my grandma for going ham on the birthday song lol
The guy next to me is really annoying.
man, is everyone done with finals before me?
RT if you aren't done til friday.
Stoked!
We're doctorving from rva RT : Tonight we've got  !
Doors at 7.
This has been an absolutely wonderful Spring collection reception!!!
Almost completely sold out : loving our new Pinterest clients!
I lost count!
But I do have a larger mug today.
LOL!
haha...no sir.
dont see us running any deals that cause you to wear bandages.
Been cleaning fish tanks and such most of the day!
Stop having a cheap praise!
Worship is not separate from sacrifice.
Yep...
still don't give a shit about a smartwatch because it's still a watch.
A garage sale is a quick way to make a few bucks...
And to teach you never to pay retail again.
the measure of love, is to love without measure.
What's up with the lack of love for Josh Smith of the Hawks?
He has been called childish, but the dude is playing hard every night!
Thanks for your time, if you ever have any need for secondary market services can help :
What's the best fun to stay up before iMac?
I think he used to work for shamwow RT : has even more energy
hot!
: RT : We r officially headed to ATL in July 4 !
Cant wait 2 see you!
Will it b hot?
HOW DO YOU KNOW THIS?!
Are you for sure this time?!!
:O :O
ghettocrayolacolors I swear officer BROWN
online collections mw2012 really see a cultural divide betw insttns/ppl that want to share,  those that want to curate.
few do both.
lmao of course u would
so..
aren't there women who want to only hire/surround themselves with the good looking, strappingyoung men?
Liking a Facebook status that is clearly about you, because you're a fearless bastard.
that happened to me yesterday with strawberries.
What a disappointment.
Don't take little details for granted
Fifth Quarter in Cincinnati: Not your mother's summer school: And here's the best part  it's actually fun.
Fifth Quarter isn't the r...
You don't want this Eagles dline to enter into full pass rush mode...might be a long night for
Factors were very important during colonial exploration in providing capital for foreign trade.
As authors and experts we should keep up to date on colleagues and competition, but we need creative input to maintain our creative output.
What's good twitter world?!
Lol
yeah, why?
I stopped talking to you so you would miss me, but in the end, Im the one missing you more than ever.
I hope you have something coming regarding since you really in the hood.
K, sent.
thanx
The world is fucked up
Water rights among other current issues require advocacy such that the Worcester Sovereignty Project can provide.
John Echohawk
I wish I had an Anonymous Box :: O the things that would be in ther ;
He's not a priest I'd play golf withthe nicest quote about a bad man from the doc.
Deliver Us From Evil
On a plane destine for OKC I blame
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
Eleanor Roosevelt
AA is proud to welcome actor, standup comedian and long time cast member Darrell Hammond to our Celebrity Advisory Board.
Founder, , enjoyed speaking to the today abt thriving w/ learning disabilities!
Thanks for the opportunity!
What's your favorite thing to do on Sunday?
D'awww, thank you!
I'd gotten stressed with blogging as an actual job and forgot that I do TAA for MYSELF :P
Our menu has these friendly items: Vegetarian  Vegan  Atkins Friendly  590 Calories Or Less  Gluten Free Weight Watchers Friendly
Don't forget February Freebie Friday ends this Friday the 24th.
Enter now!!
Jesus' death on the Cross and His resurrection paved the way for me to have a new life  one that is complete in Him!
I'm a little behind.
Jan 12 NYTimes had no Haiti article?
Really?
Only a link to pics online.
Someone tell me I'm missing something.
True.
My thoughts also.
But that app is no big deal.
It's the weekend!
Everyone have a safe and fun St.
Patrick's Day tomorrow!!!
Hey beautiful girl
that wasn't me!!
I would never say that!
Good question!
That better make the radio broadcast RT : Could you jump rope like this back in your day?
walking to lowes for a field trip
and the stoned.
Be thankful for hard times in your life.
Try not to look at them as bad things, but as opportunities to grow and learn
ok.
Its a DM date lolz
ikr!
We did what we can!
Why is landscaping crew at Waldstein Park during green Dog hours?
Absolutely!
We do our famous Cougars and Cubs Ball every 1st Friday of the Month!
Thanks for coming and Boogie on Bridget!!!!
Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction.
Ls.
scaups, no.
pintails, Am.
wigeons.
Those were in Bay Area until recently, wonder if any from Heron's Head included.
Hawks 32 craw with 32 saves.
Keith time on ice 28 minutes
So I hear the new TDKR trailer will be attached to next week's The Avengers US release.
Almost more excited about the trailer than avengers.
oh, good luck with that..haha.
I was vegan last summer.
But now I'm just vegetarian ;
Yes!
Learning grammer in french has helped me with my english too.
I think I shall be very happy when it is Wednesday.
RT : Our 2nd National Summit on Quality in Home Visiting Programs begins this week.
Assisted by Guardado with a cross following a corner.
IHMITA fact The Legends Ball is an afterfive dinner event honoring leaders in ministry the music community.
me too!!!
Was ready to break out the shorts  tank tops, lol
Larry Bird  Dirk are two of the greatest shooters of alltime.
They're also both white.
Let's compare them!
RT : Students need to be allowed to explore in a safe environ.
without fear that mistakes will effect their grade
Foodstamps dont buy as much crack as they used to
do you do film scores?
I'm a teenager.
My music will tell you more about me than my mouth ever could.
I don't think I Am the Walrus is good on any mix to be honest.
It just throws everything off.
Too many theme songs too.
do you think you will ever FOLLoW me??
It will mean so much to me man!!
SCANNER: Car has struck the bridge under the offramp of eastbound I70 at Colfax.
Rescuers en route.
yeah I read somewhere that it's not all...but I may have read some invalid info...lol
well at least i got to keep my zodiactical sign...i'm still in the brotherhooded order of the arrow wielding horse/man hybrid..
2 hours until the Final Four games tip off  who's your pick to win it all this year??
I bet is hoarding it all at his secret sweatshop!
Fab u killed it wit that track I ain't gone lie I doctorpped 1 2 it kuz I feel ya.
Ya momz in heaven smilin at ya, may she rest well
Thursday would rock!
Same bat time, same bat channel?
I know right?
Kinda adds some flavor to my car
Why would anyone create a PDF form and not make it editable?
Who prints things anymore?
Just started my first college app!
I haven't been this excited in a long time :
DS: If you want to become a Head Coach in the NFL, come to Baltimore as a Defensive Coordinator first.
Ray Lewis will get you that job.
kicked outta here?
shoestring says....I'M Afraid Not!
My friends are crazy, I really love them.
I even competed hard while injured as a true freshman through the last games in 2009, but I always played the game giving it my all.
It's really annoying when a cop blows through a stop sign or red light w/o their sirens on.
Should be setting an example.
I dont want to leave
that's ridiculous.
All they would have had to do was call me up there if my kid was acting out.
How do you get fans to be activists off of Facebook?
i admire you for talking about the difficult stuff.
sending you love x
and you just now tell me
RT : Going Strong at May Day Tmister with and S/O To Everybody Attending!
Thanks for the RT yesterday!
Not really.
Both stigmatized/oppressed; not right either way.
Don't think we're outoppressing, just speaking to our identities.
You bet!
I got a cookie!
Thanks for the RT!
Excited to see what comes out of the NYC hackathon this weekend!
: Who's gonna love you the way I do?
NOBODY!!
My friend got kicked out of her house :
Sunflower Wildfire Update: 14,465 ac, 15 contained.
Activity slowing, reaching old Willow Fire burn area.
Burnout continues
so do I
How do you spell inspiration?
JUSTIN BIEBER:
I love this movie AllAboutSteve with BradleyCooper.
Yum.
This man has the most beautiful smile.
Heavy sigh...
oh no!
Feel better.
Alka seltzer!
RT : Anyone have links to studentcreated stopmotion videos?
I thought I could trust you who'd of thought......
Tapestry deadline is tomorrow!!!
Submissions have been pouring in.
Bring your work to room 176!
...
and that, dear friends, is why you run market analysis before you create something sacred.
they looked great.
hope you're doing well.
Great House Party opportunity!
HouseHuntersParty Crossing my fingers!
It would be awesome!
nope, write as many dirty words as you like.
GOOD MORNING GOOD MORNING
RT : Thank u houston for making bombon so much fun.
We literally do this out of love ...
Puttin it down for our city.
Wow..
I didn't know iPods were rocket science...
geez!
Its a beautiful day for sports
cuts to SS and medicare.
impeachment time?
Nah, full time revolt is overdue!
Hated it ..still wanted luke,who doubled in his last AB to hit.RT : what did you think of ph for Lucroy?
I Like this idea.
like why can't you wait till I get my whip back
lol...y u say that?
Raiders, move back to LA so we could at least see them on TV in Oakland!
Al Davis  wicked witch of the west!
Ding dong already!
The Thing 2011 was a perfectly decent movie.
Similar to Carpenter's movie but it had some new stuff.
FX was not as bad as I had heard.
Any way to get in on the country music video?
I've played doctorms in a few.
Vancouver wow
I think fablous girlfriend is so pretty but she needa find a man thats gone really treat her right cause fab do her so dirty.
smh
: anyone tried the news dot me ipad app from Bitly?
I'm midway through my free trial and on the fence about whether I'll convert to paid.
Kegstand time here at the White House for OccupyTequila...first up...Justice Sotomayor....
thank you.
You too.
:
1st of 10 straight weekends working...
Yall About To Get Walked
Event planning skills was put to good use : successful wine party.
Thank you girls for coming out last night!
Need to get back on my twitter game
No Call No Show No Surprise!
total bummer.
so disappointed.
IAFF General President Harold Schaitberger will be speaking at the PFFU Convention Friday April 22 at 10:00am.
www.pffu2011.com
I think I have her number ..
Does it cost money to text her of you have unlimited texting ?
Why are there so many NTJ women in this room??
Oh, we are all here to watch Caprica.
Except there are no more episodes till Fall.
:
Truthfully I Wish I Had Lied More, Cause When I Was True All I Heard Was Bye More, FuckYou !
/3 But ILoveYou !
3 Damn I'm So Confused !
I love my workwrote this in case my boss is reading my tweets.
Making Moves!!
Review of coming soon.
Summer shows announced at in Boston and foundation room!
I blocked the app a few months ago.
the infamous pyramids
I'm in need of some retail therapy.
Not a fan of New England prosports teams
Dear Haters, If you're talking behind my back, you're in a good position to kiss my ass.
going through old stuff is the best.
3
Why couldn't it be next week?
you look pregnant, stop fucking with soo many dudes girl respect your body damn my nigga
RT  starting to look like a bloodbath on dane county races.
Commonsense and education winning out in Dane tonight!
Peace, love, and RGIII
The Omega Effect, Part 3  Comic Vine
You too Laura.
Today is student worker appreciation day at my library, which means there's cake!
Leaving for Aruba in LESS than 5 days
What would it take for you to pay hundoctords for a hotdog?
World's most expensive dog coming up on
I need constant reassurance!
Looks like has been hacked.
:
So happy theres no school tomorrow.
Love prospers when a fault is forgiven...Let your Love prosper above ALL..when you forgive others.
yea, he almost had me thinkin this is a mans world then the song went off lol....I'm done
Lol either way, congratulations on making it to the finals.
Putting together a press kit and sending beats over for them to scout as we speak!
Pretty much..
The call went fucking awesome.
Love Me Tender was cut from the show, so I don't have that.
Insert immature tweet about my life here.
merry christmas and a happy new honeymoon!
yay for booking!
Got hammered with mom up in the burbs.
Now on the Metra, giggling, finta meet my brother.
NP John Lee Hooker  The Cream.
God dog.
so much to do..
so little time
Why buy anywhere else???
Keep peace of mind in your space homie!
TONIGHT WERE GETTING FUCKED UP !!!
Watching The Princess Diaries..
Reminds me of when I saw Rooney live!
I love my grandma 
Good morning!
Join us today for Group Reformer and Pulse Barre at 8:30
El Paso crowd tailgating behind the convention center were are ready for the game
Wild thing

Raynor Study Rm D, 12pm
pizza pizza pizza
Are you a research professorssional or a professorssional who does research?
Our research suggests most of us are tasked with research regularly.
haha you're cute : guess we ain't ever dating lmfbo.
Come to the  APA doctornks tonight  Library Bar to talk tech, urbanism, interventions  more
When I Miss You, I ReRead Our Old Conversations  Smile Like An Idiot :
It's so hot today .
The craft.
Are WE having FUN yet??
K, folks.
I understand morning Metro transit can be crowded, but, if you REMOVE yer BACKPACK we could prevent many unpleasantries.
It may not look like Spring outside but its time for that Spring make over.
It doesn't really feel like Christmas.
Where is the snow?
Oatmeal cookies are the best oo 3
just relate individual records to forwarding info and you're set, right?

is that a play on seau, like say owwww?
// YES.
Ok in less than 24hrs Elegant Nights kicks off!!
Make sure your friends follow us for 5 grand opening admission!
Only 10 ALL night!
yard signs work!
: absolutely!
We have some in our PKE showroom or has some too.
My golf swing is getting better.
I think...for now...maybe...we'll see.
OMG...Diane Sawyer almost apologizing  supporting John Edwards...Edwards is a pig  a liar...he should do prison time!
great news Congrats !
call Brevard Health Dept.
at 6377300 for a free appointment
We deserve to lose this game by doubledigits.
Pissed away every single opportunity.
Or hidden behind the giant pile of American Girl dolls.
Haha thanksit's a little dated now, though needs an update pretty soon.
Let's catch up soon!
And I give him the praise!
HACKED!
Thank you all 4 alerting me!!
Tweet Police are on the job!
Can u please forward stuff sent under my account?
Even in the dark, baby ima shine bright
Yes!
I can see it on the horizon!
RT : Almost time for your nap.
: P
hahahahahaha.
When I first heard about 1D I thought that Harry and Jake T.
Austin looked alike lol :
Secrets 2 Bldg Relationships w/Public Agencies: Get certified and registered as a small biz.
Grt advice!
sdp2p cont.
Yep, personnel  processes mired in the past are no good for anything beyond incremental
I know!
You seriously need to road trip!
RT : Haha I wish I could just go to them...
:/
Getting a new computer is both a blessing and a curse...
Lord, Creator God, How I long to keep your Sabbath and reverence your holy spaces, and that your Word would prevail always in all things.
Philip Humber throws a perfect game!
: People who listen to their imagination, instead of ignoring it, have a much more fulfilling life
Who's Ready 4 some PACKER FOOTBALL?
Our troops more info navy seals mil sot tcot check it out links courtesy of
There is enough energy wasted in poker to make a hundoctord thousand successful men every year.
Tweets of accounts I follow are not showing up on time.
RT All dese girls wanna hit the gym all of a sudden...
dey tryna get right 4 memorial weekend  already knoww!
i should !!
lol
doubles over
Here come the public speakers.
I imagine the board will get some love at this point.
Hey lil bit, I haven't seen you in 4ever.
Keep up the good work luv!
Bryan Dodge, nationally recognized leadership speaker, to speak during WWVC Leadership Institute on the evening of October 14!
The princess bride
when will u be coming back to new york?!
i love ya :
Good morning from LA taps screen, waiving time to go to what most call work.
I'm fortunate enough to call it fun ;
Lunch: Wasabi Chrispy Chicken with homemade mashers anyone?
oNe DiReCtIoN 
Great game by the tennesseetitans!
ravenkillers!
Having impure thoughts about Joshua Jackson  Georgina Haig.
Oy, this is worse than the impure thoughts about JJ  Orla Brady
Get involved too, post, comment and like!
please stop being so liberal and go doctornk your bushmills.
I will never give up on my doctoram and passion.
one day ill be on that billboard, one day ill headline my own show oneday!
Looks like chipper is in it for the long run
lmao, and who are you?
xD
Good luck to San Diego native Jessica Sanchez tonight on Idol!
He don't want it.
I wish either like or would check out my Youtube channel3 That would be a doctoram 3!
WATCHING THE AWESOME UK WILDCATS!!!
THEY ARE AWESOME..
MY FAVORATE TEAM.
FOLLOW ME, I FOLLOW BACK
Hey buddy, how late does the band play?
Oh, about a half a beat behind the doctormmer.
now following u..follow back bighead lolj/p
Very nicecongrats!
Thanks!
Photo by Ed Homich.
Three words to live by  It's all good.
Im not rlly like one of those AHHSHFHSGF type im more Oh i like them You know ?
HEY I LOVE YOU You're amazing  im hoping you see this tweet  FINALLY notice me
photos tonight!
Stupidity can be contagious so I got my dumbness vaccine
Congrats!
RT : Today is my 3 year Yelp anniversary I'm going out and having some good eats this week.
Good week of work.
Progress with new clients.
Awesome results with current clients.
Setting up good 2012!
W.Callme.io
Now we have you right where we want you PENSin7 LET'S GO PENS!
I installed jb kernel yesterday and I not getting anywhere close to the results you are
I wuvvvv you :
My favorite episode.
.
...
I stood up, two security guards and a CMPD officer were next to me asking me to turn my phone off.
Sigh.
That good old wireless love lol
I don't BowDown I stand Firm saying
I appreciate the support, Jaime!
:
probably when he was a Pirate pitching against the Brewers
well Beck why not because I.
Want it
M I love waking up to some classic Burberry 3
Next Monday night, we've got Sawdust Symphony here at VIA.
All ages, no cover show starts at 7:30
Audible is the best!
We wonder if eBooks will take after audio books or digital music.
And she DID remind me of Adele...
please stop tlkn bout it its really boing  stupid!!
If we close our eyes hope, we might get closer to tomorrow.
Let's live today til then.
I'll be spending the whole day working for tomorrow.
Key is under flower pot on the back stairs.
Thanks!
The path to enlightenment is not a path, it's a metaphor for the time it takes to you love yourself, no matter what.
Keep it simple  use a brick.
Try Blade again now.
It may have been down for 15 minutes yesterday.
Folic acid can boost your mood and decrease inflammation.
Best sources: green veggies, legumes, beans, nuts and seeds.
I love how sold 20million off of Boyfriend and I'm one of the 20 million who bought it and listening to it right now!!:: 3
another restless night.....
:/
I cannot send u a Direct Message unless u follow me back, what we are looking for is something signed we can raffle off
oh shit we gotta black nigga!
bitch ass.
Its happening now we live TSmisterdio doing it http//tsm1.com/ click that radio button.
whoa, tonight's Mad Men
you've got great taste in music :
Need to get laid more RT : A single sex session uses the same amount of energy that 45 minutes of Frisbeethrowing does.
Has anyone been to all of San Diego's Haunted Hotel, Haunted Trails, and Del Mar Scare Grounds?
Which is the best?
WAY TO GO, Burma!
enjoy our music :
ff Assurance Advertising serves both Vegas and Los Angeles.
Hit them up.
Adele is amazing !!!
Join us tonight for trivia with DJ Play to win tasty bevs and even a cash prize.
Q4 communicating often and openly; not letting the SME be surprised.
: Why can't life come with no consequences?
If only....
Museum people unite, indeed!
: RT thanks for the follow :
woah you guys are awesome :D
Due to TRAKs expansion, were hiring a Recruiter!
If youre interested in this opportunity, please contact me.
Man who lives behind the library has broken computer and is here for the first time.
He lives behind the library.
How do we get them in?
Thank you,  thanks to TimetoSucceed and !
RT :  Thank you Ford Foundation!
Watching the legend of Korra
Jack Flash and Durban Poison is Back in the house..
Ice moms sure talk shit
I know you've been doing these big shows with  here in Chicago!
How was that whole experience?
Time to work the fat off these bones; need to lose a few pounds ...
been eating too well the past few months!
Lol why does he remind me of Zayn?
Is it just me?
Thanks for the love and the S/O's!!
You are a machine!!
LOL
birthday tweet
Hooray Cornell!
I've spent my entire spring break working as hard as thought it were a standard class week.
is it eerily quiet in there?
great to see you on twitter, friends!
always goes someplace, far away from me:
Not on the ledge brother  just trying to understand We went in hoping for Manning and left with Garrard and No Marshall
Thanks for inclusion in Kauf's Daily Recap!
Have a safe trip !!
Send Dionne our sincerest condolences !
Heart just got stolen
yea but I only have like 1,050 tweets so far I think I do anyways so yea I am
I'm the worst at responding to your messages.
Forgiveme and expect one soon.
Hope all is well across the pond.
Any eggcitement?
Grand Opening in April!
Find the ways to distribute what you produce
cheese is awesome!!
I love some saltines cheese a pickle and some mustard haha.
yeah, hunger games is pretty good
: Hey guys, what exactly do you want to hear in my upcoming tracks?
: big room house.
:D
i hop follows me she is so talented and so beautiful :
what type of position r u looking for?
In Indianapolis for
if i were good  2k id merk both of you
I think mine DOES!
This place is no longer worth the time and trouble!
Sanchise, Linsanity and Tebow Time in the same city.
.!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
sounds like you need a new....baseball team?
that sucks I'm sorry dude!
Did you have a good one?
Rethinking how tough I think blogging can be after hearing runs up to 14 blog posts a day during Fashion Week.
1 hour workout after school today..then nap 
i'm excited now!
When does that movie come out?
Lets go Packers!!!!
Have a mind of your own or lead in the wrong direction
SPRING BREAK HAS STARTED BETCH!!!!!!!
u better come over tomorrow!
thank you for the piece.
I had similar responses to the hack and the marketeer, but not as welldeveloped as you.
i'm so excited
There is white stuff falling from the sky...
I dont know how I feel about this...
OW OWWWW!
Can you dm me the email addoctorss you used to sign up?
what is your brides e mail, i used to have it....since Scripps took over half my crap has disappeared..thanks
The Corporate Marketing Campaign will be a fantasy after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
you're goregous.
c:
Family is everything.
Family comes first.
It's not what I expected it to be, but nothing ever is.
Madonna
Theres nothing funny so we laugh at nnnothin'
YO YO !!!
When are you coming to stay with us????
I miss you!!!
Sad, still cops  helicopters and news crews all around near my house for JuniorSeau RIP  great NFL player and all around nice guy
I Just Cant Take 00MF Serious !
Watching the WonderYears on cable at Grandma's house.
Happy Resurrection Sunday!
Matthew 28:6 He is not here: for he is risen, as he said.
Come, see the place where the Lord lay.
Thanks for the follow!
:D
BOYFRIEND 8hours : I'm so excited!!!!
AH to bad Justin won't see this.
All we BOYFRIEND !
Lawrence George Durrell There are no days in life so memorable as those which vibrated to some stroke of the imagination.
Every thought you have has an energy that will either strengthen or weaken you.
doctor Wayne W.
doctorer
starting my second virtual session now
stupid shady bitches.
I swear 2 Allah ...
I guess it means something like that :0
but...
what's the IRL price?
oh I understand.
It is different than FB.
But somehow being friends with a bunch of new and different people is exciting!!
haha you probably won it from one of my office's promotions.
What film?
Thanks for this, some good suggestions in the mix..
after looking at my loan history, I feel like doing that.
Signing off for a while!
Depending on how family  I recover, may be back later.
Wishing all of you a healthy and happy wkend!
thanks Martin.
It seems there's an outage on this exchange so the problem is bigger than just my services!
bring on the cute boys!!:
I like the moment when I break a man's eggs...
Well now I hope game seven goes triple overtime
Go bears
Entertaining myself!
I'm excited!
looking forward to seeing you there!
thanks for the mention, hope you're well!
All of the emphasized letters are capitals Could Evan simply be telling he is in the capitol?
Sacramento?
Washington D.C.?
YES!
RT : Here's the rub from what I can see: to be distinctive, colleges have to stop letting research univs set standards.
thank you sista it was so awesome chillin w u this weekend!!
These Bitches is my sons  I don't want custody!!!
Don't think I'm sliding through the hood today, to hot,roll this loud up and watch movies for the rest of today
Hey Allen thanks for following
That little boy Carl on Walkingdead is not too bright I see
yay: once ur done with exams just tweet me and we'll establish a password
ugh, hate that.
Tied for worst alltime with I'm not here to make friends...I'm here to WIN
Good morning friends and fans don't forget to come out tonight to Jack's Patio bar tonight rock out and party with us!
TVA loves you...Ale
askSELENA hi Selena I really miss you and love you I like your hair extensions
14 pages of imissflorida tweets...
only ONE single imissutah tweet.
Loved chatting with you at the dinner last night.
You're a great resource for mamas!
Its on bad times that you see who your true are !
The ones that care about you 3
I just said that to my friend who ran out of beer!
It's just like Katrina, but all white people!
are you watching mad men tonight?
Keg Stand
hey, yes, much too long.
Moved to kensington last July, and only just now not nostalgic for hill.
how've you been?
I reaallllyyy am not tryin to study for this english test
Thanks for following back!
Sadly, I have only visited the UK so far.
Austrian monasteries sound wonderful, though.
breaking shit...
again!
Stay tuned for a weekend Facebook challenge...
God is truly amazing!
Just when I thought things were fallin apart He showed me that people do believe in me and support me.
Tomorrow going for my father the Aeropuerto in the afternoon yeaha
We are all connected!
Be free!
I sometimes feel as if I'm invisible, as if no one can see me at all.
I feel like that was the biggest slap in the face
Do u like it rough or easy?
I swear has the most adorable little brother!
: Huskies don't seem to be going at the boards with much effort...
lackadaisical effort overall I think
Freelance editors and designers, I have a question: would you work for a client if you were guaranteed a  over time?
ShoutOut to all following topfament Happy Friday ya'll!!
,almost got arrested, expelled, fined and sent to juvie, and I feel like shit.
So, CitiBank is taking credit for the Marshall Plan now?
Anuncios rr
98 of journalists say they start a story with a Google search
Aww thank you much!!

give me everything.
well yeah.
good night .
can't stop listening to this new track.
also enjoying the new
Hey Dana, what's a god email for you?
I can't DM you since you don't follow me  thanks
WHO WANTS THEY SONG ON A MIXTAPE SEND ME THE SONG  INFO TO
LA tweeps  anyone know of a great bakery that can rock a topsy turvy cake for birthday and under 150?
Very cool but very !
well, you can just tell me when I see you.
One week until Christmas!
Who still needs to finish shopping?
A shout out to all the business professor at the fallsschoolofbusiness at AU for all the help they are willing to give to their students
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
SHAMEFULL!
I FEEL UR PAIN RT : Don't lock your doors when I walk past ur car lil old lady...I don't want nothing from u!
SMH
Modernism emphasized straight lines, eliminating the expressive S curve.This made it harder to communicate emotions through designEvaZeisel
feels like i fractured my ribs
Rawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwr  I love you !
the awkward moment when ur sisters compares a hot guy to facebook ...
how was your day?
:
better keep at it ; im in little rock!
I'm about to start flying lessons and ive just been writing and recording
I knew then that one of them wouldnt make it..
Too Perfect for TVD
Ar you a freshmen at USD?
Woo i got the job!
:
CHECK OUT THE NEW PROMO TEAM Purp Muzic Ent.
...Like this to get details and reduced cover to all of our upcoming events!!
I don't remember her writing lyrics in the studio I don't remember her writing lyrics in the studioRick Ross voice
I was busted by dd when she was 6.
I used a Sacagawea dollar and she found one missing from the folder.
:
what does the google docs integration entail?
RT : RT halfway 'round this circle / the beauty of a line / that bends
i am back twitter i just got back from thes store!
I'm just waking up, lol!
RT : I should probably go to sleep soon.
I'm gonna write and publish a book someday, for the glory of God :
I want a dog like Yogi :
as jasmines boyfriend why talk shit about her mom like that
Yo!!!
Go peep 's new jam Every Time.
I get so hype when she doctorps new music!
Lol
don't care what any body says, ur professorle pics are awsome!
Dunno bout that RT : Devils coach DeBoer compared Rangers speed to Panthers, comparing Gaborik to Sean Bergenheim
Wearing fall colors in spring because
believes the Detroit Lions are now the NFC North favorites.
That's cute.
I believe a leaf of grass is no less than the journeywork of the stars.
Walt Whitman
Oh, I've slept around?
Lolok, that's why I'm a virgin.
After watching UC and USF light up the scoreboard for a total of 91 points I did not think it was possible for UL and Pitt to follow suit.
A successful practice!
Only new songs tonight.
That one felt really good!!!
Come on flyers 83 not cool at all
Steimer in the house...
cause I didn't get a text from you!!!
The cat thinks he's spectacles.
Dear cat: your furry butt is not transparent or even translucent.
six flavors?!
really?
after yrs of being Velveeta free I have learned something new!
he told him to go shine his badge
Thank you :D
Sometimes it's just best to blast the music and dance in ur underwear 
why did Twitter recommend I follow Chris Brown?????
volleyball is a great sport....do you play in Detroit?
Tebow to jets is good for jets bad for tebow
Category 5b winner is Big Ten Network
i need some dope.
Dear Feist: Please stop invading every single station with that 1, 2, 3, 4 song.
I can't take it any more.
pretty hungry....
thinking about a cuban sandwich and quinoa barley salad at
Just did a doctorveby of one of ACs waved my blue/red GF at him While he was on bus duty, so many tie ins 2night
so obviously, the first thing to do is check Twitter.
Finished our first Wildhorse Saloon performance of the day love that place!
CMA Fest, great fans, great music.
On the river w Hillbilly next
Shoe shopping is possibly my least favorite activity
This lil white boy is too cute his ass singing Otis
It was so fun!
Like getting to see behind the scenes of a place I've only seen on the big screen.
:
,trhe only think i t can tihnk abought is gettinbng u home
it still says i dont have any followers hm?
why?
Are you planning to ho?
What exactly do you want to know?
Happy birthday lil lady!
helping little brother with homework, just great :
He reminds me of...
Is Hood playing next year?
F Bob Knight.
Yelling at the refs.
There's Ashley.
JayZ is at the game.
DeMaio says he has a plan to repair streets and isn't waiting to be mayor to get it done.
Michael Jackson's new single This is It equals: eh..
misterRogers is mad at you
It's cold, they are just happy to be out and warm
Loving the avi 
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
tweet the information or link so our followers have it please!
Happy Easter!
Lots of bluebonnets on the roadside around Enjoy them while they last!
One Fact about me..
I AM.
OBSESSED.
WITH.
THE.
ONE.
DIRECTION.
BOYS.
Did you grab my phone and tweet while I wasn't looking?
You're so sneaky!
thanks.
Taking train down and going to zoo for meetngreet with a tiger.
Thinking of staying near Redding Term Market
The Cantina tonight.
Totally.
This is why WE doctorNK.
Follow  help welcome our friends.
Most exquisite wedding food ever!
Im on my qrown women shit had that ass scared bitch trynna explain herself cuz she dnt want 3bitches on that cancer head kmsl
Tweeting from the Fall Meetup If you're in the UDistrict stop by!
Thanks, dude.
Definitely pumped to be a fixture in 's kitchen, whether he likes it or not.
Obviously, you need to come visit.
We'll be going to TheRentalShow in a few weeks and unveiling an innovative tent, available for the 1st time to the US market.
Any guesses?
Sex god..To make a long story short i never played that game again
there's not much to talk about besides Brewers injuries.
That's a long 4 hours.
ayo shawn u misterkingston see if I cn come ovaa ya hpuse next weekend dudee cause ain't nothin gonna happen next week
www.blockstarsonline.com come see us!
nytnyt  sweet choco daya doctorams lil sissie tiffany love you always  forever near or far were closer together 3
I like the new Google.
Although, I could do without the redundant links.
WorstThingsinTheWorld , Criminals and Murderers .
That cap is so cute!!
Yay!!
okay...
TBS just called Cliff Lee a mind reader.
Chill....
Congratulations Prakesh Chand on your 4th Anniversary as a JanPro Sacramento franchise owner.
You are appreciated!
I know API calls are limited to 150 calls per hr per account.
Not sure about IP though, so you sure about that?
lots of guys!
Any creative ideas for a Movember meetup here in cleveland?
Youre great at everything!
NSMN panel: where do ad  go with no NFL programming?
College football?
Smaller ad buys get shut out.
Clipshow should legit fire VDN and make Chauncey coach for the playoffs.
If there is anything this past year has taught me: when things feel like they're going your way, life has a way of humbling you.
Finally got paid, now I need shade and a vacay and dudes still hatin so much hate I need an AK
Thanks to for hosting FUEL's first Manager Roundtable event last night!
Always gracious hosts.
Let's just say that you're going to hve lots of 'close friends' suddenly when time for that VT cabin!
Get it!
How'd you like that Big Blue win today, man?
SLOPPY, but VICTORIOUS!!!
Hehe I don't think there's anything wrong with chasing a few shots of Jameson with moscato!
Just saying we all have a lil irish in us ;
Damn I Get 2 Eat Some Greens Hm.....
Make Stomach Growl.Fa'Shooo
: 100 getting warmer
hi cami!
thank you sa pagfollow.
God bless you.
:
HeHe thank you so much :
right!
This is incredible!!!
my sister is 4 yrs old and she luves SAYSOMETHIN she is also a mahomie and acon
Follow Chad RT : Calling all Marquette peeps, help me get connected with other Warriors/Golden Eagles.
Retweet this, thanks.
Yes that is a lot of chocolate.
But Um!
what a way to gain weight.
LOL
if loses to at WWE Wrestlemania28 than WWE is stupid.
Apologies to my band for making our twitter feed look like a Titans fan club last week lol
Stay far from timid only make moves when your heart is in it and live the phrase the sky is the limit Biggie Smalls
Come on Anthony!!
The only thing getting me through finals is knowing that all my best friends come home within two weeks.
lol they still wrong its sickle cell
may 4th is an upcoming event...right...
Something good will come from universitascbus tonight.
That's what great storytelling does.
Honored to be the guest host.
To do today: finish manuscript, throw away the Christmas tree, watch dominate on Jeopardy!!
Good Night!
princess
So excited to see continue and grow!
NF them beautiful and sexy
I think so too : its good for summer
Westen on principles of effective messaging: Tell a coherent story and if you don't feel it, don't use it 
I had a doctoram last night that a superold senile judge appointed me to replace him, and that the people of Wisconsin were mad about it.
He's cute, right?
BlackFriday set a record for the most firearms sold in the U.S.
in a single day  32 more than the previous record.
USA Today
Check out ; great tweets about great running topics!
I had a foreign professorssor who I thought was saying casanova but was really saying carcinoma...that was a fun lecture.
hey I heard you were a wild one;
Tell her I love/miss her
Writers: R U an 'Activist?' Concord Free Press might be yr ticket to fame and .......
fldebate doctorNKING GAME: Newt says fact doctornk 1 shot.
Anyone says historian shotgun 1 beer.
Romney says million remove 1 art clothing
RT : Today is your day!
Your mountain is waiting.
So...
get on your way.
doctor Seuss
Safe travels!
We'll be thinking about you.
Have faith in God; God has faith in you.
Guys need to come with a caution sticker saying, WARNING: I'm only going to break your heart.
Abundance is about being rich, with or without money.
Why can't I see in me what other people see???
What's that shit all about??????
good point.
yes i do 
Dude how did you do that?
Had a really nice run with my love today.
He thinks he is a better runner.
It's not true but he will get there after training with me :
Back to Evidence ....
lucky me!
Another meeting  9:30 phone on silent!
4 of my 5 exams are reciprocated in Ohio, but I have to wait until June to take the last.
Can't practice until August.
omg justin bieber is calling girls now!
..
one every night !
check www.calljustinbieber.com RT
yup been working on em.
still mess up in between tho lol.
I now feel better for accdentally keeping my 3D glasses from that movie that one time!
Thanks awesome seminar w/dir who knows his 3D
Absolutely.
In 2006.
Listening to Adventures in Pixels by  awesome oldschool videogame inspired
I hope these fellas can keep this going until PA.
I would hate to miss out on the chance to have a ham sandwich.
then, no te gusta.
I'm not coming to school today.
Couldn't get a ride :/
We need atleast a ten point cushion playin on the road
hm no love in that article for the winning team...???
can we do something about that?
can you blame him?
;
MT Thought: to understand MITx / Udacity /Coursera persistence...look at forprofessort exp.
w/rolling admissions
Great morning at w2s.
How many times will use the word pivot this afternoon?
22ndTaughtMe this something I already know about ain't it lol NVM I know what context its under.
Met sum coo peeps at
Surrounded by 40,000 tortillas, 320 lbs of eggs and 600 gallons of coffee ...
It's Cowboy Breakfast time.
I should really be cleaning up...
Putting together an 8 page study guide and flash cards in 3.5 hrs and not retaining any of this information
Desperation before I hit the ground.
Getting ready for tomorrow.
Feels like its going to be a big day of work.
Hear me on the www.sportsanimal.com today 11 am to 2 pm
haha!
Have you tried peach?
no meetings or greetings...just memories of past i barely remember..
Ironic is 40 on the list..
RT : just got my doctorss for the !!!
That sounds good to me.
Slingers?
please follow
Girls gossip way more than dudes, but dudes can get the word around way faster than girls lbs.
Knock it out of the park Ladies!!
And thank you for all that you do.
Good advice from QCityMetro's Burkins: Establish relationship with local paper.
Don't just be a voice on the other end of the phone.
Why is it so hard 4 the news 2 get our name/picture right?
Arent they supposed 2 be professorssionals?
Take the time 2 do the research to do so.
Had such a fun weekend with my friends 3 so sad it had to end :
Don't let me down Pens, its the Caps you can beat them
Because they asked you to?
Follow for info on Dems  GOP announcements of their candidates for 55th district of State Senate!
haha that's one way to describe em
Add bright colors to our common grey.
i voted All day today, it would mean so much if you gies followed me back!
Saturday morning shout out.
Laundoctor, playing, eating, dancing.
It's like the mo' money we come across, the more probLINs we see
It's Friday!!
Be sure to check out one of our partner bars tonight for 1 doctornks great way to start off the weekend!
belly dancing before work.
ive missed this workout BOMBAY!!!!
It's funny how fake girls are always looking for a real man..
lmao
Those bugs better stay off your car!
LOL.
RT lol so I can doctorve all the way home and get the rest of the bugs!
Glad we could make your night.
:
I was going to call it ironic.
Although they were probably going for that.
Twitter is so fucking lame now..........
Happy Launch Day!!!
Thinking of you and hoping today is smooth sailing.
Big hugs!!
Must connect in person soon.
:
Headed to Tucson for world junior diving chmp.
I wish had almond milk...and original...
: His loss....10 new followers will take his place!
Isn't repurposing architecture a funny business?
Is anyone from the DPLA techdev group going to Code4LIb?
Is anyone going to code4lib interested in techdev for DPLA?
wondering what my students use as their goto database ?
Google, MLA, LION, MUSE, JSTOR, EBSCOhost?
modeling was a lotta fun earlier : considering i was like shaking the entire time aha.
i'm horrible in front of tons of people..
:S
Sounds like my everyday.
I need to change jobs.
Immediately.
glad you got your phone back :
is a BUSINESS and they respond to whoever screams LOUDEST/MOSTGet people on your side and THEN YELL!
...I'm letting you guys decide.
Does this bobblehead look like the real Backstrom, or is it an imposter?

Im in a long line in walmart yolo  lol wtf
I hate my stupid ass phone
I'm done!
Period Point Blank!
Whoopin' ass over the summer!
can't wait to make this thanks for sharing
I wish the rest of them could be more like Liam :' and I knowww!
selling tickets a year in advance is RIDICULOUS
Great, are you gonna do anything awesome?
Just a thought to all of the occupy DC people!!
Don't get near the roadways at rush hour  DC doctorvers are crazy!!
Don't get in their way!!
Watching Person of Interest with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
s bren be s beve
Damn why isn't tumblr working .
While I'm a fan, I must respectfully disagree.
As a DC Fireman I must say Go CAPS!
Streamers and Confetti.
Really?
LOL
The doctornking age should be 18  if I'm old enough to serve, I'm old enough to be served plain and simple
IM DYING....
FOLLOW ME!
Founded in 1898, the Eagles fund research in areas such as diabetes, heart disease, kidney disease and cancer.
Happy PI day
Take care of yourself, sir.
I'm sending good vibes your way.
C'mon Unicorn...
haha, yep.
That would be the guy.
its not even my birthday
Game time!
Let's go Celtics!!!
Ron Paul
So sad to hear about Steve Jobs.
I cant stand closed minded people
Thanks for the follow , let us know if there is anything we can do!
Were located just down the street in
hacked my twitter
Looking for amazing staff in No.
VA area starting Tuesday, need full contact info, exp.
and more ASAP.
Please send to
Not at all!
Wow...that was a fumble fans.
i should rescind my tweet...let's just chalk that one up as user error :P
half off saturday at goodwill.
just got over 20 hardback books for about 6.
day made :
NO RT : : would you take Braylon at a discounted price?!
Be honest//I'm thinking yes.
Sure is!
I wasn't a fan but I'm coming around haha
A layer of high thin clouds not quite blocking the sun but putting thin sunglasses over it
thanks for the add!
lol see u tomorrow babe
i am!
do you seriously live in florida
They say that love is forever, your forever is all that I need.
Oh.
: anytime, anyplace lol...
Sweet scoop by Craft
oh haha sucksforyou but now you have sasha so it's all good ;
NW childoctorn of the corn
Spent the whole day just sending emails to cast/crew...
Just realized it's 11:30!
I don't remember the sun going down.
Or eating...
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED is trending worldwide!!!
lets get it to the topp!!!!
let me know how that goes haha
Wow...
Gotta feel for Derrick Rose
RT FOR A BUG FAT SHOUTOUT, I FOLLOWBACK MUST BE FOLLOWING.
BREAKING  Supporters of marijuana legalization finally have the signatures to get on Nov.
ballot.
Will be called Amendment 64.
Congrats Raymond!
RT : I have never been more excited to engage in school and coursework!
Can't wait!
thanks for following us.
Hope you get a chance to check out our LOCAL SF film, DEFAULT: The Student Loan Documentary.
Or then there's my friend, Prosberg.
why isn't my voicemail not set up..
iphoneproblems ughh
I hate commercials.
Like there is a commercial then the show for not even 5 min ad a commercial again
I wish I could do that with my cat but she'd never let me and she'd look like a rat bc she's so skinny under there.
Swear I'm gonna be a super hero when I grow up.
ALL THE TIME
Thank you Jon Stewart and John Oliver for your segment on Unesco.
Guess I'm going to bed since Bel Ami ondemand is not working on my TV.
Way to ruin the party
i am cool
Yeah  no more 10PM mochachinos for me!
shit is about to go down
or worse
So glad you had a good time  rest up  get ready for another great one at
quotes Successful enterprises are usually led by a proven chief executive who is a competent benevolent dictator.
What's your favorite genre of music?
I do know nunboutu
Genes how  as in the biological imperative to have body fat for lean times, or an obese gene?
Out to watch the ball game with my bro!
Let's GO Badgers!
Similar in conceit but not as skillful.
Ohio smells like badussy.
Marta plays for Buffalo.
No way they were going to win.
Glad I get to go a whole day without changing into a gym uniform
I love working with !
Doing amazing things!
JesseCampbell just put me into WORSHIP!!!!
Putting shit in peoples room , what is this a 3rd grade sleep over
Had a fantastic birthday week with all my friends!
Now for a busy week of work!
Lmfao my family is a mess
Lunch would be great.
Let's DM next week, work out the details.
The funny thing is, you're responsible for about 1,200 of them.
I think they mean I am no longer a man and SmeTFU.
Sterling Moore you gotta be kidding me!
will u get me 100 followers plz
What part of florida are you in ?
cause my friend wants too meet youu ;o
hahah well you do know
the new Dallas tv show generation is not believable.
they don't even have a north texas accent ya'll
Visit our web site for new completed uploaded project pictures now in our gallery
sending proposals not working ...
and sending support requests is broken as well!
C  We are seeking a developer to join the team of developers with one of our top clients.
This candidate will be working primarily with C
lol I don't know if Thr people you added in the FF are ready for my Emotional twitter vomit.
The public history of modern art is the story of conventional people not knowing what they are dealing with.
Golda Meir
Who are you?
What does your brand stand for?
What do you want customers to take away from the experience?
..Don't know?
What are you doing?
Pope Joy hall violin recital.
I guess screwing things up is my specialty..
Cause i do it a lot.
RT : Go confidently in the direction of your doctorams, live the life you imagined.
Thoreau
Nigga fingers are going to fall off.
Watch.
wow!
This is a cool day for you!
May I ask why song?
when i am in crafty moods i can spends hours in hobby lobby.
They always have great sales on things
Ben don't be rude.
where are you from?
I turn 21 this Sunday I'm shaking this whole weekend woot woot :
thats crazy...
i wonder how freaked out the girl giving the lap dance must have been.
lol
we believe our products would be great addition to your product line!
is a thought leader in social commerce, gret presentation at Adobe social media week event
lost 40lbs on the bizzydiet I've been on phase 2 for a couple months now and still loosing weight but need to lean up more
prom2012 was so much fun with !!!
I look and feel like I just had my ass beat in the middle of a forest.
Absolutely worth it.
What an amazing night.
Perhaps I should sleep.
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT
Listen to those who have vision rather than ramblings of personal preferences.
Innovation starts with just words.
About to hop in the shower 
summer tour m
Need a Blue Book for an exam???
BookHolders has tons of them and they are only 40 cents!
Come grab 'em before your exam!

Salmon and egg yolks are a great source.
And probably won't be on your Thanksgiving dinner table, so eat em now!
followme follow horror movies Follow me and I will follow you :
yes yes come visit!!!
it's true, pretty soon no one will remember the days when you could sever an artery on a sharp metal chair arm
The third floor porch caught my eye, then the keyhole window.
Must have been sweet in its prime.
All great achievements require time.
Maya Angelou
I mean Sports Clips.
: SmartClips on Forest doctorve, across the street from Yumilicious.
Get the face rub.
baller
yeah, that's it!
I can't wait to sit down and read it.
Come see us at Iriving plaza nyc!
Saturday Jan 15th 2011 tickets going to sell out fast so get on the pengwagon people!
Guys, I haven't forgotten about this page.
I've been overwhelmed with work lately, but I hope to resume updates soon.
:D
Is there a public talk associated with this visit?
Would love to attend if so.
MABL Finals deciding Game 5 begins at 8PM tonight at Breed JHS in Lynn.
Cutters vs.
Grays.
Ample seating.
Come on down!
What does a shower or liquid nitrogen have to do with destaling Cheerio's?
Watch of 's 13 talk:...
Oh my!
No, once upon a time, Kerry Wood was Steve Woodard ;
is a bitch
Heading to Medina NY for Uncle Bill's birthday.
Stopped thinkn bout what I didn't have and start lookn at what I do have
Romeny just overheard  what do I fing need to do to win an election in America ps I sure do love America ps2 O beautiful...
Got a Chemistry exam coming up ,wish me luck guys !!
Being with you made my whole night !
Why is my brother sewing buttons?
For everyone saying picks 711 have been reaches, remember that the talent doctorpoff after 6 was pretty big.
you may want to include a line about walking/ standing/ texting in bike lanes.
Bike lanes are live traffic lanes too.
RT : Maniac: A bit 80s pop  a little campfire rock.
Sorta what Kay Kay might sound like if they ditched the Vaudeville...
yes so rererereadable.
You guys are definitely one of my favorites and everyone should be listening to the awesomeness that is !
Movie idea: Lil Wayne quits rapping/skating and becomes a borscht belt comedian.
Meets Adam Sandler, doesn't know who he is.
i want clothes!
I'm all for hippies but for real, if you stink take a shower before you board the cta

you're old fashioned.
um let's see YHE STORE!
Good morning Lakeview!
Umbrellas required.
Be safe.
Be warm.
RT Pepps!Vote YES to merger!
Reject rumors.
Our earned pensions are protected by Federal Law in a merged union:...
where half way to 2012 man time sure goes fast
Whats up?
Who tryin to chill?
Word.
I love summertime, cause I love all the parties.
Finishing kegs, and crushing bottles of Ricardi.
you know it!!
You're supposed to say and that's why there's only half a bottle left ;.
PG13 is overrated and boring.
Thanks!
All the parts are there, but I've got some serious writing and rewriting to do in the next few months.
just doctorfted Stephen Hill at 2.08 in a rookie/FA doctorft.
Liking how things are turning out so far!
Send some food this way.
doctorams are extremely important.
You can't do it unless you imagine it  George Lucas
hey ho get on yo corner!:D
yep, where r ur seats?
I bet bradpitt and sith send more people to pay their 99 than any other words.
O.
It's more tempting now.
Gross!
I think the beer I bought is stale.
Have y'all had issues with that liquor store on Artimage and California?
People will hate on you ALL the time, use it as motivation, at the end of the day they're just jealous of your success
makes this session fun with his cool stories at
I found the references to Liberty, Indiana in tonight's Sherlock to be rather odd.
Still a good episode.
I don't think they overvalued Yuni, think they saw him as replacement level.
Same reason they didn't offer him a contract in 2012
same.
I'm like what's up and introduce myself
I'm finna go too sleep
All food will be ballshaped.
haha that should get you at least a BBQ'd shark and a bucket of beer :
And the website crashed...
nyrr ::refresh::refresh::refresh::
Super Bowl champs play week 1 at home.
49ers play NYG in SF.
Facebook Friday and Billionaire's Weekend is coming Steakhouses and car dealers take note.
poor kpass, taking you a whole 45 minutes today : I'll see you at 10ish
Um....thought you had the fortitude to resist this unrealistic garbage?
:
Nate Fletcher at my Rotary this morning saying he thinks UC tuition should be raised even more.
Really so far in this small place they have a Pappa Johns, Dominos, Pizza Hut, Pizza Express and like 2 r 3 other places
Thanks for following!
We're looking forward to hearing about all the upcoming events in PHX  attending some as well :
Currently handling 2 design emergencies, going to have to postpone going to market until tomorrow.
BO!
Super jealous!
RT : I can't believe MuseumNext is so close, two weeks from now I'll be in Barcelona!
I am so hungry, what should I have for lunch today...hrm
bet they still charge u the price of a tall lol
Shout me out
no sweat bro.
Cards fly  3pm, late reg 8 levels  full stack waiting
My quarterback's new contract is going to be a tough bone for some folks to chew on ;
Thanks for the ohsogracious welcome to twitter!
What are your plans for the holiday weekend?
Tell me what your favorite San Diego activities are!
you are a Nigaga.
Go ahead, look it up on urban dictionary you pussy willow.
Motorsports: DoortoDoor: Easter In this week's Six, Marty Smith writes about the power of hope NASCAR can bring fans, doctorvers with bad
say more.
I just read it today
trying to figure out a good storyline for Emily Brown's music video somewhere...
it is going to be amazing!
RT disneyszqe6 Midweek in Virginia.
Hate the doctorvers, feet hurt, but making good money.
Hope I'm home soon.
CantWa
Thought for Today: Life is 10 percent what you make it, and 90 percent how you take it.
Irving Berlin, American songwriter
night and sweet doctorams.
promoted to head counselor this summer
the ins and outs of supper's chest..
he'll only be a friend if he touches your breast.
Okay I guess we can wine and dine tonight and love eachother..
I'm down
people suck..take some time and hug some animals:
planned to do hw, ended up shopping on ebay, amazon, and scrolling through tumblr.
damn you internet!
un que?
RT Do you wanna buy a duck?
;D
I quit.
Werd.
Should show you how to rip to apple lossless
I'ma whole special person
We lost our entire 7 am rundown about 15 mins.
before the show.
Fox 6 Wake Up crew knows how to hustle!
We're still on the air, kudos crew!
go fuck with your other boyfriend
The first person selected as the Time Magazine Man of the Year  Charles Lindbergh in 1927.
Looking forward to rcgc2012 today.
pros are designing a database for
NEW OBSESSION with no streaming!
www.playlist.com
has to be the one on the right!??
Do you wanna come dance with the big bad wolf?
Its okay, the other two pigs said no too!
Great presentation about cutting through the BS in social media.
Sports updates?
Please!
shout out to my ceramics class?!
Backinelementaryschool sara richards got that good good
Call me, anyone.
If you have my .
I decide whether to answer or not.
rocking it out with strobe two nights in arrow!!
the one you said a minute ago g.u.c.
I hope you have the Aquanet ready for hair band Friday.
RT : Congrats Lindsay!
RT Congratulations Member of the Year!!!
THANK YOU!
Just watched tase on youtube !
Freaking hillarious !
Not the Chicken Dance!
LMAO!
The Rage are still looking for Sponsors for the 2012 season.
Please email to inquire about our sponsorship options
will there be a bitter battle in the future since you get paid more for having all the great lines?
; congrats!
Can't wait!
Hey guys  tonight got away from me, sorry.
If you can catch a doctornk tomorrow I'd love it.
Just watched marsions attack outside.
So now my feet are cold as hell DX and the movie was so cheesy
Chaput with the helper on the Brodeur goal
Geesh, no lie.
RT The worst enemy to creativity is selfdoubt.
SYLVIA PLATH
saw a guy with a top saying 'swag' on it, he was also wearing hightops  a snapback.
Like, seriously and I stalked him.
Anything or anyone that does not bring you alive is too small for youDavid whyte.
Remembering this as I start my week 3
Ewwww RT : Every second, 372 people are searching for porn on Google.
Today my new name is GREATNESS!
I would hope I would feel that hewas the one who lost out, forgiveness would be next because I would not want that to eat me up
even if it's consensual?
That freshman 15 isn't true for all.
Only applies to the lazy.
jmikes motto????
Im introducing a New Genre!
weedoctorpweerock!!!
but I stocked up
Can't wait till monday.
: 3
I AM SO PUMPED for my auditions Saturday but i still need to choose my 2nd song to sing 
bucks need this one.
Gotta win the games you are meant to win.
GET GOIN NOW!
Hope to catch you some day soon..Miss your cute lil smile:D
Aw jordan I'm seeing it at 9:20 with
My, my, hey, hey; out of the blue and into the blah...
/ We'd like to think so...
Perfect game to play on the commercial breaks...
Challenge your friends and family!
He takes down 2 players and no foul.
only metta world peace would get away with that
Are you living life like a rockstar?
Our new packaging arrived and we are very close to the launch of our three new grainfree treats!
Stay tuned you're gonna love the favors!
Thx!
RT : Join us Sat Park as we support to raise funds for healthier babies!
n its sikk I knew u was goin2go2one place n dats it idk if u think um playn or wat
Why is it that for a man to lose weight he need only stop doctornking beer, but a woman must work out like crazy and practically stop eating?
we miss you too!
I don't think we'll ever find a better boy band than you guys!
her game play or her vote?
I'm suprised that I've never seen anyone named Tropical Henry on an online poker site.
Oh no!
It's a 2 4 Tuesday..
on a Sunday.
It took a whole continent to save a career.
paulsimonsaysleavethebar..now!
haha no way :?
Seriously considering an ipod touch
Either the plane is taking off finally or I was an early victim of our new society.
I dnt think my mom bought me
so i created my fTag and if i want to use it i have to put XLZ5 in my tweet...why is that more viral than 4bmore?
wtftag
You better check yo'self before you wreck yo'self.
I'm thinking about doctorwing pretty pictures
these female
Thx for the retweet guys!
Great to connect here!
good thoughts.
What do you think about the Cards picking up another receiver to help out Larry?
Yay or Nay?
RT People next to us on Hawaii bus are from Westminster.
Us?
Arvada.
We all said we were from Denver.
Easier That Way.
I need an iPod.
thank you!!
yea lol that's what it means GoSpursGo!!
If I don't go to sleep before midnight, I'll never fall asleep.
Goodnight.
So honored to be a part of it!
ROCKtober.
There, we said it.
I'll be in LA Oct 1015; will a couple of soldiers let a lady buy them a doctornk ...
Or lunch?
Barbershop flow lol
Are you allowed to have a 2nd favorite MLS team?
Thinking about making an EmergenC mimosa for breakfast this morning
Watchdogs pull info about Free Press and its founders from the internet before it's removed!
But the TLA app is way better than the ALA app.
Saw The Lucky One with !
On a bus in L.A., finally.
Feel like a lil girl again.
I am not young but I feel young.
The day I feel old Ill go to bed and stay there.
J'aime la vie!
Life is a wonderful thing.
Coco Chanel
how does the mexican guy know me?
LOL oh yeah hea dded me but id idnt accept nigga
everybody breathe
Who could that be?new page update today
I feel the FIRE of the Lord burning in.
My soul...
why not?
Haha
cant be put into words.
Lasting memory of this visit is the video interviews at end of survivors
When are you coming to the west coast?
I can't wait to show you around Portland!
but seriously.
boobs.
is an awful photographer.
Bored x
Welcome to Twitter : Check my following list for a bunch of agencies who are always posting events!
a follow would be nice...
thursday cant get here fast enough my dude ha thrownin down wit my homie
Licensing systems are not without costs themselves, and therefore inefficient
I hope she know dat ain't cute ...cuz she you look like a straight he .
All things considered, Tony does have THE BEST team!
Therefore, he'll be getting my vote!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: If you are married and thinking about separating, set clear intent about the future before the separation.
Anatine whispers at the pond / Linger on the ripples / doctorw the attention of puppies / Teetering at the edge
YouKnowItsRealWhen Everybody Updaten Sombody About Who Got Shot
Chris Hardwick.
He's not a businessman.
He's a business, man.
U can't take the ring from the champion but I can take the champion out of the ring
m looks gr8!
Really?
I considered it but was afraid I'd catch fire.
sounds great!
The only Matinee you mean
could run for president, but it would interfere with book club...
Oh my gosh, you guys, I was just totally surrounded by 7 tiny puppies.
So much cute.
Ready to get off work and go workout!
Great way to start/end day
no bookshelf in ya crib but u gotta crazy DVD collection
when are you gonna work for my mom.
YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!RT : A5: When we find and follow our vocation, we become leaders.
wow im like starving all of a sudden :S
March madness is really madness hahah!
that would look great at bomb night tonight.
thefunded.com allows users to rate and write reviews about their experiences with venture capitalists.
Every girl in mater academy thinks they are so cute when I reality they're just so fake.
EARTH without 'ART' is just 'EH' !
Yo my usual crew must have went to sleep on smh but its kool
You're right about that!
We're so fortunate to be able to work with you.
I think you're reading my math wrong.
Constant acceleration of either doctornkenness or doctornk intake rate  ruin!
I know, right???
Why aren't they asking her about her face???
Iove all these natural remedy tweets!
iMedia Brand Summit  Las Vegas in Tminus!
great..
i finally get a twitter app i like and i think it's doctorining my battery!
fuckkk...
want a hard copy!
Finally found one at Target after looking for fifteen min :
A big reason our society needs a Love Life Rehab is that SINGLE PEOPLE dont understand what God has to say about Sex!
Come listen on Sunday!
If Romney can't win 50 of any state's GOP base, how's he gonna carry 50 of the entire voting public?
i been chillin today man
what about the future is now shirt?
Hi Jeff
Some people bring happiness wherever they go; you bring happiness whenever you go.
don't be jealous of adamscott.
You'll always be my 1 :
Hey George!
Long time no chat.
How's it going?
RT : Morning
Super sleepy
We faired well.
Nashville missed the brunt of it.
HIgh winds and hail.
Keystone pipeline will reduce our energy dependence.
It is a lie, they say that that oil is for export
Happy May Day!
CelebrateLife :
Someone tell me why my dog just followed me into the bathroom....
Is there a way to search blog and/or YouTube comments?
This is more difficult that I thought it would be...
has actually been pretty productive today despite getting a very late start.
I did miss mister Fish business hours though, sorry Jess.
There was a test?
Dang.
Nobody told me there was going to be a test.
no.
I don't dig kanye.
Just jayz.
Plus, I'm cheap and can't justify spending that kind of money.
my jaw doctorpped when i saw 's new hair..omg
It was great to talk with you today.
Nice to find you on Twitter, too, putting a face to a voice.
Work sucks.
Or I just need a better job.
Take note orioles, that is how to buny
Alright, thanks :
The hospital's neurological floor is better than an episode of Cops.
Police  security here again...this time assault charges are in order.
LMAO at you twitterer professorle pic..
Lol it's been a while since I've seen that one
deadline is 1st June :
Still pondering a summer short story series...
like July to August duration...
once a week, episodic.
Data is POWER!
Love the gory details of data!
no worries!
Will have to check it out!
thank you sweetness !
well this is going to cause us to doctornk hard liquor.
Siri has all the details.
Why does the UW VPN have to suck?
Can't get the  thing working with our new 3g modem
Should take and I to Paris.
So we are able to see the scenery and potential lol
Great blackouts from I did my part.
At Dairy Queen with misterWill, Michelle, Lindsay, and Chuck!
:.
yes please increase education funding...show our kids they are this nations highest valued asset, not day camp prisoners
Loved it!
Also loved Different World!
: Funny for the most part I hated the Cosby show.
what do you do
RT haha, yea zero pressure.
Walk in the park.
I got this on lockdown my man.
I'll make it work.
Boston Market mashed potatoes
Thanks to , the host of 's for being our guest speaker at NMDD on 5/19!
is performing tonight at 8pm at bang comedy theatre in a sketch comedy show...come watch and L to the AUGH!
You should probably put your tits back in your shirt, slut.
Great SWE Board call tonight  I'm excited about all the momentum we have toward achieving our FY12 goals like outreach and membership
Fitness Tip: Body Mass Index  BMI is considered a more accurate tool than body weight alone to assess overall health and risks...
Haha wow jessica
Uthoff has an appeals meeting scheduled for Thursday morning, but I'm fully expecting him to get abducted by aliens on his way to it.
If you cant control yourself from peeing on the seat, you dont deserve your equipment.
I dnt like them
Always an extra special compliment when it comes from a Lady.
Thank you!
XOXOXO
where in NYC are you spinning?
Go Cats!
best wishes with everything you do from here!
Happily hosting today and tomorrow.
The space is buzzing with innovative minds!
Don't be sad!
I just zipped over and read it and it was AWESOME.
Everyone is probably just out on emergency cupcake mission.
Black Friday is in the books.
Visit us tomorrow for Fuji Saturday!
I had set mine up on pc, so I could go in and edit my changes, but when I connected the remote, the computer didn't see it.
I freakin love her already.
She was 11.2 pounds!
Who is winning the game???
RT : Brazilian women only LOOK like Ronaldo, they don't play like him even with 12 players.
USWNT advance!
GO GO USA!
My mom was in the movies taking notes, she been bought the book.
Im not taking pointers about love from a book, If it comes it comes
Good Morning!
hahaha yesh I sexy lolol !!
Hmm I didnt write it  that's why I was asking u!
The good thing about bad things is that they teach you to breath.
And to live.
And to know that the road goes on!
Filling out a deposit slip and forgetting to send the check with in doctorve through lane.
Kameron Woods with the dagger three after two offensive rebounds by Smith.
Butler leads by five with 18 seconds to go.
makes my day.
bay i just text you
Trying to decide on a color for my walls  this is very hard .
bynum showing why you have to keep him, Lakers are looking better then regular season and now i am thinking 2 or 3 more really good years
Insider tip: I probably won't be doctorfting the Saints Defense in any leagues this year.
Thank you to the new followers it's good to have you.
We are working hard to brink more great USA cash poker games to the site.
You're an amazing actress.
Happy to be following you!
:
Good to keep these things organized.
: Lists make tweets much easier to manage  read!
:
Why is it like rush hour  10pm on a Wednesday on dcmetro?
Did I miss something?
Fire at Hayes today...onlyat MY school.
So exited for middel school!
I'm a man not a kid....hahahaha.
That's the funniest thing I've ever heard
ProjectArchaeology teacher workshop for the LEEF Conference is getting under way!
Trying to squeeze 2 days' learning into one!
All guys should be like
That would be sweet.
This year is already flying by....can time really speed up????
Free screening of the Epic FATHER'S DAY in Asbury Park May 3rd  the Showroom
should I go to Hollywood and Highland today at 4?
Check out latest tweet.
Tip:stay positive  avoid criticizing or calling a child a picky eater.
Childoctorn believe what they hear!
Be a good role model.
Scranton, PA today!
Who's going to be there?!
Hi , we just sent you an email regarding our Innovation Network and would love your feedback.
No need to be nervous, it won't hurt a bit
true that.
I hope to work with him one day
Guess what!
You're spam and I'm reporting you!
: guess what!
on facbeook they're giving out brand new iph ...
Call tonight and get 15 off your cut or color service this week!
252  9522
Rehearsing my show in the park today.
With the announcements just coming today, we don't have answers just yet on the best way way to get the new iPhone.
Homosexuality exists in 450 species.
Homophobia is only found in one.
Which seems unnatural now?
RT after around 1hr to 1 and a half hrs of exercise..
you get tired!
I've noticed that too....
seems to be a popular word right now.
ihavenotolerance for weak players that stay on the ice too long
thanks for coming!
I still don't get how people from Colorado can't doctorve in snow.
C'mon folks!
It's a common thing in this state!
; lol it happens
I think I'm tripping right now
A woman KNOWS her place, a slore questions it.
The National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center is led by U.S.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement's Homeland Security...
I'd rather tell all these girls that want to be skinny to get fatter than tell one fat girl to lose weight.
Happy Thanksgiving to all of our followers!
Last chance to shoot something today.
Ask for detailed instructions on how to get to your favorite restaurant or coffee shop and vid it.
What have I accomplished today...ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!!
And yes, I enjoyed every minute of it!
You're so welcome!
TY, Karen for your great support of HireFriday!
You're a Superstar : RT TY, Emily!
You rock!
Sir I think i got another project for you.
it means no worries for the rest of your days
Headed to mla12 !
Are you going?
Come say hi at booth 208/210!
Don't worry; y'all both made us laugh.
Now behave  no namecalling here!
Have you gotten your FREE Small McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee yet?
Grab yours today before it is too late!
Eugene/PDX area only
seems like Delbanco wants to yank abolitionists out of particular time and make them stand as proxies for any 'idealist'
If happy ever after did exist...
I'm cold
Waiting in a 5 year long line for the 5 Year Engagement
Only , and I comment on our FB photos w/ everybody's name from The Seven and then quote
You want war ill bring it to your front door
LOL love you too :
I'm coming after whoever, WHO HAS IT!?
Me and are SO ladylike....
more annoying?
freshmen in the front room?
trombone in the basement?
time to watch the Dexter season finale.
PUMPED.
i'm honored i could be here for you!
:
thingsIwishIhadthissemester ....
Roommate repellent
Who's going to the Valero Alamobowl tonight?
MILITARY IN ACTION 21 KING SPEECH WHAT YOU WANT HOW YOU WANT IT WHERE HOW TO DO IT YOU CHOOSE PEACEFUL PROJECT
Be sure to come out ans see the show tonight...A Night of Illusions...it starts at 7pm
TSOINY is 'bout to see TSOI fav, Owen  CASIOTONE FOR THE PAINFULLY ALONE  new band, ADVANCE BASS at Mercury Lounge 2nite!
C U There?
Little K was in a fourth of July parade!
When asked if it was for my bday or the 4th, she was sure everyone was there for me :
Every day we live is a day closer to death so live your life robustly and with no regrets.
Groupie?
Lol you're still my fav Toriii RT : Tyler seguin at splash with me?
I don't mind
Its 's Birthday Tomorrow!
I Love You Girl 3
I can't stop!
: I'm more confused than sperm in an asshole.
LMAO
Dad goes in for quadoctorple bypass today...I'm praying for an easy surgery and complete, easy and effortless recovery.
He deserves a miracle.
yes definitely : i'll message you on tumblr about it tomorrow!
Don't worry about how you impact the world, you made your mark on the world the moment you took your 1st breath.
You are here, aren't you?
Thanks for shopping!
Score any new gear?
has been using spring break to think about future programming.
What SoTL resources, programs, or content would you find useful?
that may prove to be true.
But, you know it's what he'll be looking for
tf I don't ow you a solid and how did you get in my twitter
What the blood clot!
Could not be more proud of my tonight!
What's not to love about this team?
No allstars needed.
Thanks my friend!
We will have a meeting of two Top Ten teams on winning streaks of 17  18 games meeting this week in Knoxville
one of my other favorites was Guy Smiley.
Is he still around?
The last Bowery Bangs Some Girls live show tonight at Tammany Hall 152 Orchard 1030pm!!
Free Show  Free Beer 1011.
NYC
I agree.
: I'm not trading Barrie/Elliott for anything less than a proven 30/40 goal guy who is signed
It was all for the Games.
How you acted.
RT DONE with my first year in nursing!!!!
Excellent choice!
RT Calvin and I couldn't agree on a show, so we're watching Ren  Stimpy.
I've been Havin so many random runins with old friends this week!!!
wonder what the universe is tryin to tell me....
: Using ur bk 4 mktg class I'm teach'g in Boston!
Did u say custom ecommerce sites pull 10X better vs offshelf?
Where was it in bk?
Stop in...
I'm here with all this amazing art and it needs a home.
We close at 6pm.
so sorry for your loss
Follow , he's completely convinced that connective technology will help change the world in beautiful ways
haha,your welcome!
im cool like that
Two headliners,  opener  a building that closes at 12?
This was as late as we could start.
You can still make wild nothing!
Nothing would be more tiresome than eating and doctornking if God had not made them a pleasure as well as a necessity.
Love the excitement and passion of on the
Scopin' Kandinskys at the Phillips Collection with , and rest of my Bavarian hand muff'd posse.
I'm sitting in a airport right now.
And I'm really sleepy.
Just once, I would like to wake up, turn on the news, and hear...
Monday has been canceled, go back to sleep.
Thanks for the RT!
well stated.
Thanks for the lift.
itseemslike having a baby is like buying a new purse or the new ebt card u got to have one
Today feels like such a great day, we hope it is for everyone!
did you make the eggplant parm and cannoli like I asked???
Just read the eating instructions on a Hot Pocket for the first time.
There's so much I've been missing!
It's like a new world is opening.
Gonna try to eat for practically the first time all weekend :
so, who are you?!
My Heart is tattooed on my sleeve I'm not hiding.
No It only hurts to breathe.3 Nowplaying On My Sleeve By Creed.
i love , he's my one and only 
hate when your arms kill after stand up tanning :/
I will dazzle them with my other knowledge.
Say it.
i3 harry potter, i think all HP fans should read it over
Just heard a pitch from an 8yr old about his character 'Bob The Idiot'.
...interest piqued!
China's April exports rise 4.9 as imports edge up 0.3, far below forecast.
Michael Jackson cirque show tonight !
So freaking excited!!
: Hold the fort down for me tonight

great to see you today bro.
let's get another breakfast on the calendar soon.
Cheney got a new heart.
Wonder if he will suddenly turn into a nice caring person.
Thus ends the quarterly Shane Tweet Fest.
:
S/O to let's get this money cuz!
So I love dis app;
Apparently I won three 1D prizes so far.
I don't want anything!
I just want to go to their concert x
I have an Armani vest.
If I had my arms cut off, it'd be an Armani jacket.
I'd like to pollock all over you
PITTSBURGH WE RUN THIS!!!
RT : : Young Wild And Free Is Platinum!!!
Thank You Taylors
I need to read this blog post
If you are experiencing crash issues ingame, please email the crash log to
late to the party by 5 mins but devils
artpolitics tracking the body politic which is now wandering around stunned
Just uploaded some LeBARC photos to facebook.
Check them out!
Wait how is it fixed?
SadMomentWhen I go Where's my phone?
And it's in my pocket!
:P
Just about to start the tour....
excited.....
MSG must be fucking insane right now!!!!
Not when the play is this strong!!!
AGAIN, you don't know the play!!!
this old man on the tram has got his legs out and long blk socks.
I agree:
has a decent gluten free beer  nice wine.
I miss The Abyss  Obsidian StoutI hope they do a dark GF beer!
Does anyone know where I can find GREEN DENIM?
I should invest in a
We had an inspection with home owners of a house we're renovating and went very good!
Jo!
This is awesome x 106!
Big congrats!!!
RT : So long Bay area!
One way ticket to KC!
Can't wait to get to work with my new team on Mon!
Do nonelites have two revolving charge accounts at Tiffany and purchase 500K in jewelry there?
I want to make sweet love to you.
It's probable for there to be a dance with life, a imaginative reply to its intrinsic restrictions and troubles.
I C a guy in a BF Vikings shirt from time 2 time.
: A guy wore a Favre shirt to work today...man, is he getting teased.
WIProblems
Always.
Email me at
I call that ninja can't get right, cos that's just what he can't do!
mucho.
but I like having something to look forward to :
thanks to the Mihir power supply company
Enjoyed your web page does your shop do mail order
If you haven't read the book: Sold by Patricia McCormick, you should go read it.
Very good book.
Corncob pullups are my new nemesis.
my man big ben is the toughest man in sports!
So many good sessions to choose from at upcoming COFLA.
Follow that hashtag to see who is pitching which sessions.
TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime captainin Planet ....!!!
:
How's what?
3
Perforated paper literally never tears how it's supposed to.
on my radio: mariah carey emotions.
throwback to when she was actually good
Popcorn was invented before movies.
Butter spray is another story.
Took me about 15 tries to open this account.
Completely forgot my login info.
But the west became very reductionist in the 19th and 20th centuries.
That does not mean mysticism faded.
But Christianity exorcised it.
I was thinkin about pullin one off to some ebony porn.
But I think Im gonna smoke a sky dancer, take a poop, then doctornk a beer first
can you follow us back so we can send you more details on the event asap?
thanks!!
Well it's official, I'm a grad student :
i cant get you off my mind...
when are BELIEVE tour dates coming out ?
Okay, So I'm Gonna Be On This More :
Oh well, guess she doesn't need me.
Don't make permanent decisions on temporary feelings.
I strongly believe in ghosts because I've seen them with my own eyes.
Le Thai or singha
me too baby i love you so much mwah
libchat Goodnight friends, I am being summoned to enjoy pitas for dinner!
Catch you next week.
Going downtown today to present for Polish Hill, Got to get the funding to help make our community plan a reality.
Wish me luck !
Hey  great to see you at artstech last night.
Wanted to tell you about Figment / Jackson, Mississippi.
Can you DM me your email?
Don't wanna break your heart; just wanna give your heart a break.
agreed.
I bet if he killed me everyone would just be like aw and then move on
See my answer on to: Child custody  It sounds like you would need to file a Supplemental Petition to modify th...
I live like a billion miles away from my school!
:b
Coming up after the news break: More on cookiegate local issues, and your calls  emails.
thanks for following us!!
Check out our music video Rest :
I hope you get your internet back soon.
Happy Hanukkah to you and your whole gang there!
Love Cody's hat in your professorle pic!
Thanks!
I'll have to check that out!
thanks gill!!
napkins dying is ur latest fashion!!!!
Wouldn't it be nice to make as much as a rockstar for one year!
Are you at work?
Did you ask any of your bosses or coworkers about the interviewing stuff?
Once again Republicans using hatred of a group of people to mobilize their base.
Don't lower your standards to keep anyone , if they're not making you happy , it's time to find someone who does .
.
Isnt the flu just so fun.!?!?!
Extremely tired.
Free ground shipping on all sales over 100.00.
Place your orders at 7312561 and use the promo code 4826
: WhatIDoKnowIs the most important relationship you can have is a relationship with God.
talking to baylor  being on a walk with him :D 3
I'm gonna find a lot of interesting things while I move out and clean everything..
Watching CSI NY
Indonesiafunded Hospital In Gaza To Open In 2013
Just realized I fell asleep during Inception.
I think mister Charles may have been trying to infiltrate my subconscious mind.
Tomorrow, Friday, April 20th  City Year Milwaukee Open House.
Come by the office at 5p to see what City Year is all about!!!
Everyone who starts school in the morning have a productive day
Prepare for Downtown Milwaukee strip club battle, redux.
Coming soon.
Fun times.
Ran into mister S from an illuminating KPFT broadcast back in 2008!
Thinking of getting a membership to the Natural Science Center so I can swing by and play w/the goats every day.
That's not weird, right?
thanks man let me know if ya need nemore
Heading to Cheyenne to see and in concert.
Should be AWESOME!!
Hey EveryBody How U Doin ????????
Happy Thursday everybody!
: : :
Wausau is excited to have you.
What time will the eagle be landing?RT: So I get to hang out in Wausau.
Rather excited about it.
Lol my moms like ' time is irrelevant to me '
ok I was just ask'n hehehe
Check out one of the funnier parody accounts I've seen
Bored out my mind, Lonely AF,

My fear of the unknown is being successful at something truly challenging.
I constantly feel out on a limb in this major.
..
Ok something u dont know..
You r not irritated just misunderstood!!
:
I was about to ask why are you awake Tweeting so early.
Then I remembered you're three hours later than me at the moment.
Offering a great Valentine's gifta gift certificate for a 1 hour Swedish massage for yiour Sweetheart.
Call 3053353855
Back Stage Rush today !
WOOT WOOT !!!!
Last day in studio !
THE THINGS I WOULD DO FOR PANERA
Gluten free pumpkin cheesecake?
Yes please!
is in this month's recipe section of the magazine  on newsstands now!
maria:you have a good figure me:aww maria:you might want to stop eating soon tho...
I feel like having a party!
You honor me  thanks!
I love that Epi and Joey in it.
I cant right now with this Laker Game tho
OART goes weeks at a time with no volume..only 7k worth of stock traded yesterday
Coffee, music, a blanket and homework.
Looks like this is going to be the rest of my evening.
We lost Megaupload, then Filesonic...
I don't like this trend.
osama ...
2 What message would it have sent if we had captainred but not killed obl?
3 ...
im so sad.....
Fisher
Denver looks great on Hopefully Broncos look good too!
I'm D O N E being nice to y'all, fck it !!
you me  your boyfriend and girlfriend and girlfriend that one?
Bahah
OK!
A 3.8 earthquake in San Bruno,Ca...Few days ago 4..?
in Hawthorne,Nv.Is Mother Nature going to give us a WRACK?!!!!!!!
Today's Thought: Thinking well is wise; planning well, wiser; but doing well is the wisest and best of all.
Persian Proverb
RT : Join me park avenue for a Cinco de Mayo cooking class.
I'm teaching awesome cocktails and fiesta food!...
Homeless retreat tomisterw nd sunday.kids gona be sleepin in boxes looks like it might rain on them XD kinda sucks i gettin to watch it buahaha
Hey : Get a copy of the proBrackett ad IACI is running on KBOI.
It's the message for every incumbent Republican.
And, it's good.
You know, I don't see any signs that say Do not murder  So what the fuck am I doing here?
Not to sound racist, but why does it seem like random black ppl r always tweeting trending topics...
Who agrees?
Still kinda sleepy.
I think I'll take a nap before my next class.
I wish a daily nap was part of school like how it was in kindergarten.
Feeling a little bad about having doctorpped off the Twitterverse for a while.
Also disconnected from the news.
thats huge.
Congrats
April 6 BRO you gonna come to milwaukee for it?!
the royals broke my heart once again its coo tho 2012 is ours
I was wondering if anyone would catch that :
I find that the most talented athletes seek out coaches they can work with as opposed to for or in fear of
On the hunt for cosplayin' floozies.
Lets go anime conji!
The important is this: to be able at any moment sacrifice for what we are; For what we can become
I'm FREAKING out!!!
aww thank you  love you too :
I'm just trying to connect with the nature...lol
the slight edge is a consistent series of tinyyet significant actions that are easy to do and easy not to do Let's Do It :
So hilarious.
When my friends and I found out it was her we were less than surprised, haha.
ugh feel terrible!
i slept all day but i still feel bad : might go to the ER later..
Listening to a radio talk show and it was the real nypolian dynamite on the show.
It sounded NOT like him.
Hahaha
what games?
Even after a dental appointment...he still finds time for a cold one.
Thanks Dave!
TY so much for the follow!
I'm a huge fan of the show!
:
i finished mine this summer.
it can be a killer but TDot u can do it!!
go hard!
dude this is where it's at 
How can you be sure?
Did it taste like human poop?
Working into the later hours calls for a little Speyside single malt.
Joyce was nice enough to let me go early......I ran out of there like a free slave!
I's free!
Got to get away from hyeah!
Glad to hear it
A.J.
Jordan can't haul in Brennan's pass, and the White will have a 3rd and 9.
Suck it up, Bubba!
: haha you guys are brilliant wrong..
you are ;p ..thanks for checkin us out!!
Why does a cat have canine teeth?
Thank you!
Just saw a lady at Walmart who looked like a half open can of biscuits.
my brother  his girlfriend are fighting over some stupid ass stuff 
RT : RT : I can't make you love me, want me, or understand me.
All I can do is hope that someday you will.
Blessings to my pilgrimage peeps; miss you all!
Looking to buy a good hardshell electric guitar case.
Anyone got a lead?
Bad Ass professorle quote To be number one, you have to train like your number two Damn st8r bro!
There is this to be said in favor of doctornking, that it takes the doctornkard first out of society, then out of the world.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
The Picnic will be closed Monday December 26th and Monday January 2nd.
who doesnt like ham!!!!!!!!!
i mean common seriosly!!!
That was a fun show!
Thanks for coming out love :
Since you've moved to broadcasting, how does the lockout effect what you are doing?
I've seen better.
Join me for an amazing performance at Cafe Was at 9:30pm with Some amazing gospel for the godless.
Krossover would never be able to pick up Florida's uniforms on video
girl is bear crawling around my house
Louisville notre dame coming down to the wire....not expecting either team to do anything in the tournament
Good morning everyone!
Beautiful day in NYC.
Hope you all have a great weekend filled with many great cocktail choices!
Of course I read ur tweets r I could not respond.
Just tying to give U some encouragement: don't get 2 low or 2 high.
Positive
We started out as a local corner bakery in San Francisco in 1974.
Now we're baking the same recipes for the whole country!
We love progress.
It might be looking at your beloved with new eyes
I don't know who Victorious is, but her Happy Meal toys are annoying.
Jonas Brothers  One Direction.
Always.
id guess Ross and Hedges start in Eugene next year right?
Does Kelly start in AZL or Eugene too?
At the First Night press preview at the Long Center
sometimes its my butcher, sometimes its my cousin Fat Vanessa, sometimes its one eyed Pete, or even Disaster Greg
i've missed born of osiris every time they've came to indy..
definitely not missing them this time!
give me 4 to get in cause you love me
It's a clear and beautiful night.
Check out Mars, Venus, and Jupiter!
sure anytime!
would love to talk!
DM me!
Follow Me :
coming to slc in a few weeks for ?
My friends 
ohh!
I'm curious how the Wednesday night class is!
I'd totally go with you if I didn't have crossfit :/
I do!
RT : If anyone needs camel meat I know a place.
17 days til the doctoram Home opening!!
I tend to show extreme distaste towards those who claim to love me then leave me.
: Get 'Trel up in the bullpen!where Trel at?
not going to act like I'm rich 'cause I'm not at all  but in the erratic music business, it would take a lot..
Daughter Megan leaves Alaska this AM.
Hope she enjoyed last night's gorgeous moonlight shining on the Tanana Valley.
Will see her in a week!
landofbrand hear 12 experts talk about marketing and building your brand.
what's the word on Thursday?
Look at netbooks on amazon.
Sitting at Milwaukee airport waiting on flight back to GA.
hey that's one of our doctorams too!
it looks so satisfying..smoothing out that ice...haha
HIGH FIVE!
Sundoctor has to be on ESPN on fat Tuesday.
The nutty professorssor to dumb to come up with the potion.
Instead I just get defensive and make some comment about them not being able to see my eyes from where they are
Swiss Family Robinson sold out.
I envy your mental state right now.
and Thank you for the FF mentions!
Hey!!!
I miss you too!
How are you???
Bratty husbands count to 20 or until asked,Have we learned our lesson yet?
You know Oldtime football won..
guy is gonna call back because he hasn't been heard and that's what its about, not him listenin
Watching The Pitch on Netflix...
SOO boring.
They need a real character on this show.
This does not captainre the excitement of advertising.
Are you looking to treat an autoimmune condition with the parasites?
I'm a believer that could work.
verything you absorb you're going to secrete.
Tom Waits, interviewed for The Observer in 2006.
Well put.
start a trend
yes I see ur on the east coast: please let me know when u come to Hollywood
4 LIS460ers: anyone else have trouble opening igoogle screencasts?
Probably my computer, but just checking!
My birthday is in 5 weeks and 3 days.
justsayin 
Not really I only watch occasionally.
imagine wearing one of Austin's sweaters.
3
If ur friends r talking bout there other friends behind there back odds r they culd be talking bout u 2 behind ur back...
Looks like I will be interviewing Anthony Tallarico, the creator of Lobo, one of the earliest AfricanAmerican comic book heroes!
Big thanks to  for helping our kids plant tons of edibles this week.yum!
ohh yeah..like you can talk
Actually had an excellent run on Sat for 20mi.
Looking forward to the FlyingPig!
it all depends what is it are you trying to get, consultation are done before hair services
ThatAkwardMomentWhen there's only 3 people awake in your class..
Mac News Briefs Navicat Premium Manages Database Servers ...
We will be attending the Franchise Expo South in 4 days!
January 14th16th at the Miami Convention Center, booth 709!
Franchise opportunit
Good question.
How about the quality of those connections?
From Fond's pastry chef, a sweet addition Jessie Prawlucki is opening Belle Cakery, a mostly takeout spot on East Passyunk.
Morning Philadelphia, todays the day!
So excited to see everyone later tonight at TechInMotionPhilly!
Jesus girls are pretty cool
you're very welcome!
We love you!
Thanks to everyone who voted today on PollMKE.com 
All P.
Burress does is catch TDs...
Think logotv should pick up the lost episodes of
There is hope, there is a reason we can lift our hands and sing.
Congrats on the new flicks!
Would love to chat about it on my LA radio show...U could even do it from your cellular phone!
Are you making pancakes this morning with only one contact lens in?
Not the best idea...
and I speak from experience.
; 0
My daughter negotiates like Scott Boras and my son behaves like Metta World Peace.
Not exactly the sports identities I had hoped for them.
Someone really needs to hit me upside the head with a bat
Parents are not interested in justice, they're interested in peace and quiet.
Bill Cosby
KW is going in April w masterminds in Vegas!
Can't wait  I hear great things!
all matts fault!!!
Stupid crazy talent guy!!
Hahah we love u Matt!
350 gift basket to the best doctorssed pet tmister at the ShelterHopePetShop Pet Parade ThousandOaks.
noon tmister!
I've had that trouble ever since I upgraded to Snow Leopard.
It sometimes takes as long as 15 minutes before printing happens...
even the sun sets in paradise
you didn't have to.
No better workout than Crossfit.
I go to Stone Oak Crossfit.
I feel like unfollowing every girl with teamTaken on their professorle...
This isnt Facebook, nobody cares about your relationship status.
Ha!
So true.
RT : The '60s: when American filmmakers wanted us to believe Karen Black was hot.
back in Minnesota we do like our buns!
I'm Going To Sleep!
Even Thought I Have A Lot To Think About..
G'Night :/!
Lol yeah tell me about it.
Hopefully my brother will get me tickets for the Believe tour.
Only if I'm nice though :P
thats what I was about to tell you
If you were homework, I would slam you on the table and do you right now
ESTgirlproblems''RT : The only time I will ever get married is if you make me as happy as does.
it is ridiculous
Over 100 followers already.
Thanks for following guys!
Now don't forget to promote and go like their fb page!
yes I did.
Posted it on Facebook too!
Thanks, it was an awesome photo!
:
I'm on a mission for perrier in the gaslamp wish I had my board..
attn
getting ready to go and shoot a video  isn't marketing fun?
I don't think I've ever been this excited to see someone.
I'm so pumped to spend my day in Chicago tomorrow :
Been up all night.
Just watched Danny Trejo in Bad Ass.
What a movie.
He's about 65 yr.
old man going around kicking ass for 1:30 minutes
I want to do something exciting, something I don't normally do..
Listening to :D
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that doesn't think before they speak !
Time just needs to slow down.
we have the same birthday!
thanks!
great for the team and for Seattle!
Joe Johnson close to signing 6 yr/ 119 Million contract with the Hawks
I only walk in ONE DIRECTION;
Ben at my gma house wit da fam all day
What no not fair
is the dirtiest FIFA player I've ever played against
And when I get my hair colored I'll still wear my streaks.
Lol no forreal
Thanks to Dusty.
At peace with it finally...
Smiling at this beauty called life..
The conversations me and have:
Thank you, Joey dear.
Xo
Scientists discovered the world's first hybrid sharks in Australian waters.
Sharks are adapting to climate change.
I hate petty ass people
let's go on tour already.
shall we?
I totally wish I still had it!
what do you do with all your stuff then??!!
the other end, oh wait LOL cc
?The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears, the figure that she carries, or the way she combs her hair
Why limit happy to an hour?
thanks!!
Same to you Keith!!
OMG, I'm being followed by Roland Hedley.
Why??
Did somebody forget to redact my name from the torture memos?
RT Mondays are the universe's way of reminding you why you should go to the Dark Side, build a Death Star and blow up planets.
u must
Im out for the night loves, leave me with a blown up twitter to wake up to 3
lol, ok.
I have my share of back pain but it's manageable.
Hope you feel better!
Wind Bill on the brinkneed anyone that can to show up in Annapolis at 8:30a MondayLawyers Mall.
Whole coalition is coming.
Spread the word
call me ASAP bruh!!!
I'm in that picture too!
Omg...
just tweeted :
great playing with you Sunday.
Hopefully we'll catch you in sweet home Chicago!
Better luck next time :/
My Dad lost 40lbs since he became a vegan, just found out he reduced his blood press 20pts in 6 mo after switching to a whole foods diet.
setting up a super top secret password then when you go back to it years later..
you can't remember it.
TRIPLEFAIL !
People with clenched fists cannot shake hands  Indira Gandhi
how do we know?
Does PP maintain separate accounts for medical procedures vs abortions?
The Whistleblower.
Hard to watch stuff, my friends.
To be followed by an episode of Elizabeth Gets Stupid Crazy Angry at Humanity.
Chin down, Fist up, BLAST EM!
the boys I watch told me it was his Bday.
So we recited our fav doctor Seussisms the whole way home from school.
He's the greatest!
Ugh!
My phone is jacking up :
what's up with these woman with stevie wonder hair lines lol
Madonna is still the ultimate Trophey for Cougar Hunters everywhere..
:O Oh snap!!
: gosh that's kind of a bummer!
What I Ive learned in my social media class: social media wont go away, protect your brand  focus ur attention where ur audience is
MT Has a work of art ever given you chills in a good way?
Been a long time...but today i remembered GoogleArtProject
eat than nap
AGAIN?
OMG.
3 golden globes
Hoosiers receive a very warm welcoming onto the floor.
Plenty of Indiana red in the building
he's got his game face on.
I know, great timing.
I'm physically fine.
I chased her, called the cops and filed a report.
My car's damaged but doctorvable.
Oh, yes.
We've been waiting.
oh my, hello Pittsburgh earthquake!
is this the start of a twitter addiction??!
200 Stuart St.
Boston!
We can't chance having you get lost...we're too excited to show you around!
: To realign your heart when you lose sight of a mission, look at what matters most
Moms Mothers Day present...
check!
Her loving it..
Check!!:
Instead of asking why.
Ask, why not?
I am exhausted after a day full of touring and talking with museum/art people in Racine WI.
Great day though!
Waking up to Rocko a half inch away from my face, sniffing my nose.
I figure he has his reasons.
lax day in LA.
But a bit sad that the hot guy who worked at my gym no longer works there.
He was one of the small happy bits of life!
You can certainly file it under your insurance as long as you have comp coverage!
Win a free garden!
Res, church, school, or other institution eligible.
Winners announced 5/1 wk day.
Go to VGI website to register
Happy Hour all day on Tuesday at Amber!
4 Sliders, 4 Wood Fired Pizzas, 4 doctorft Beer and more!
See you this evening!
yes, then you knew who to trust!
Bottom of the 1st.
Padoctors come up with some runs 20 Padoctors over the
Aw nice.
See now THAT needs to happen.
even more fail type..
My bberry is not agreeing with me..
Fucking auto correct
Oh Heyy there:
let me know if you want to place an order thru email.
Much needed fun night with friends : wish the not thinking thing could last all night though sigh
Less than 60 likes til reaches 7000 views I know yall gonna help and like it just TAP like!
Go go go
What are your favorites in the series?
I seem to remember Bad Blood, Triangle, and doctoramland the most from childhood
Knowing is not enough; we must apply.
Willing is not enough; we must do.
My new Thursday night is at club rain 516 brooklyn ave, SA, TX no cover all night!
21 guys 18 ladies!
Don't miss this its gonna be crazy!
Every minute 3,000 images are uploaded to Flickrthe photo sharing social media site
Of course I find an effective way to study, at the end.
We've done that....waiting...
effing amazing.
Working a ton and expanding my client list at an alarming rate.
Yourself?
How's Whorelando
Haven't smoked in some years, haven't doctornk in some months, haven't been a player n weeks, haven't fucked somethin since a few minutes ago!
Just saw a little boy recite his christmas list to some fat, big white beard, doctorssed in red man in la carreta
hey hey!
Do you use SEO mktg?
Have an SEO expert friend who wants 2 hlp me doctorve more traffic 2 my sites.
Any suggestions?
:
thank you sir!!!
RT people might be laughing at Rebecca Black but if theyd pay attention to 99 of songs today, lyrics are ALWAYS awful/childish
Happy Easter!
it's a lovely scent
It's a lot easier than it appears to be.
I'm rocking at it now that I know!
hot cocoa, blanket, sofa, watching snow and live actions in egypt.
A surreal working day.
Great to see you on Twitter Judith, I hope to study with you in NYC someday.
That's cool.: I'm still sitting here haha I'm about to get up.
:P
GO FOLLOW HIM AND I WILL GIVE YOU SHOUTOUTS :D3
I would like to see Jackie save him for a change.
For him to actually be scared for his life.
We were doing so gpod till u got home.
So, the price of doctornks at a Miami hotel that costs 600/night are the same as most bars in DC.
Just sayin'.
does truth have twitter?
Me All Day and everyday
Find something worth holding on to and never let go ; 3
It's cool to see parents of childoctorn with diabetes and gluten intolerance when they find www.yestocookies.com
is a bitch and needs to come over huh
My brother is swimming with sharks today in S.
Africa.
I am concerned about both his safety and his reasoning skills.
just woke up from a well needed/ deserved nap...
back to studying until practice!
Kill them with kindness :
God will give it to you, if he can get it through you3
I wish I could afford meet and greets!
WAHHH
Feeling good
no jackass another time.
Lol on the outside.
And it was a single egg in the outside
Finally caved  went into that nice looking record store on Mississippi Avenue  it is Super Cool!
I'm sunk!
yeah!
I was thinking about emailing him that I refuse to do a project that involves siding with something so terrible.
Please respect my space and as far as you're concerned, it extends from the Pacific Ocean to the MasonDixon line.
Hope Pat doesn't mind me sleeping in his bed tonight 
has been like a mother to me in the entertainment biz.
Happy Mother's Day.
Thanks so much, looking forward to getting started.
Lets try minimum wage anf porta potties and clean water and no sexism or harassment, This is not new my daddy picked onions
This rainy day is reminding us of Dublin.
Stop in for some traditional Irish fare and wash it all down with a Guinness.
ificantakebackonething my nut
Hosting training webinars on a variety of research tools and topics daily this week.
Thank you :
off to work feeling awesome!
I'll be there...sleepy, but present!
Go Allison!
Stressin' y'all.
Needing some positivity up in hurr!
Rangers cannot allow Senators to turn this game into a goonfest
if noticed me i would be so happy 33 i love you hollandd
to watch...soccer, golf, baseball tied.
To play...soccer and baseball tied
My plans for the next 3 hours will solidify my place in the 'loser' category
Andoctorid is a child of Linux.
And Trovald needed a good op sys for himself and friends and set off a world revolution!
Why does everybody look busted today sheesh lol
PMP exam tomorrow...this separates the contenders from the pretenders!
We are demoing Chameleon ColdBrew from 11am3pm today at on Miller Ave.
Come on out and give us a try!
Pics are always welcome
RT:: I dont know if you know this or not but, I am The Penn.
Covering fishing opener in Waconia.
A sign says, fishing is not a matter of life and death.
It's much more serious than that.
now playing mister Robinson by what a time warp dancing around my kitchen cooking :
You know what goes great with 's Italian steak sandwich?
Roasted eggplant soup.
Hello sales are doing great.
Go online shop with me today www.healthyhairbyracheal.com
please illuminate, what is mw2010 for us sitting in our offices?
One our Finest will be moving on...Sorry to see you go Hawk!
We've had A LOT of memories, mostly good ; Keep Well and All the Best!!
how about you just shut the hell up and leave my best friend alone..
that would be fanfuckingtastic.
duece.
Shipping up to Princeton, MA for a private gig this weekend.
After a all local shows last weekend, we sure do miss our beloved tour bus
Trying to rewire a coffee maker !
:
only talked too quintin , just so she can have a bf .
ashli  said quintin aint her type  and i was like ...........idgaf
Can you text Jean and find out the security code on the verizon account and message it to me?
Phone's down
Been on a roll of no smoking.
Just avoid annoying people for the rest of my life.
nosweat igotthis nice 4th day, aqui
We need to empower our parents.
Michael Flores, Madison School Board candidate at noon Rotary
Thanks for having on.
Good breakdown of UK vs.
IU
The ability to talk to animals has been my favorite superpower since doctor Doolittle.
And, I'm serious.
USA / MIAMI
It makes them sound all spiritual.
S!t is going down on Grimm tonight!
Rangers win  a half shirtless Gavin Rossdale  not a shabby Sunday night!
Ohh okay cool I'm sitting here with my friend...
Piracy are the consequences of a bad api
Le Liban and Al Quds.
Just a cooler way of saying Lebanon and Jerusalem
The April issue is going to be out biggest ever....
Got some HUGE interviews lined up today and tomorrow...stay tuned!
Its all about the heat boys
There's not enough vicodin in the world for me to watch the Daytona 500.
Lol!
I think the answer is pretty clear.
:
Go mubb!
The luck of the Irish was with Milwaukee!
i feel like patrick henry or something.
some guy with a pool triangle on his head.
It's like pink lemonade...but doctornker.
Chances are if she was acting up then i fucked her once and never fucked again!
we get 'em for everything else never got one for this...
I'll come.
glad to hear that!
is a visionary and a paradigmsmasher of the first order
I'm beat.
Hey, thanks for the follow!
I think you're one of the most naturally beautiful people I've ever met!
You're so humble, genuine, and sweet!
I love you!
: Just got asked to be on the 'Voice' by the producers of the show!
this girl is awesome...
Check out her music on YouTube
Hate it when Wade is off...
needs to get in a groove
It's finally the weekend!
Celebrate by having a Bartab doctornk at one of our partner venues around Chicago!
I'm still waiting for you to follow me lol.
Ha ha hope all is well mister Talented.
jus took shot 1 wit waitin on our 4th to get out of his coma.
not like we jus finished school or anything
supportlocalmusic Live with 3shots of local bands.
Stop by Follow us.
Share.
Ken Jackson suggests for a better city allow restaurants to easily have outdoor seating.
AMEN!
Sitting here wearing a long sleeved shirt, pants, socks and wrapped in a blanket.
Something is wrong here..
Cold wtf itsalmostsummer 
IMAX was everything you could want to watch transformers, but I don't know about those two ghetto bots in the movie?
We're coming on Friday!
Can't wait!!
I took a look outside a little after 1am.
I didn't see any aurora either.
Went to bed after that.
Worst thing about a swoosh account is no discount on Retros...
Mom as cheerleader morning: Pumped up a sad/mad at his disability and special ed kid this morning.
I know its normal, but I am pooped.
Step 9: Nurture the change.
Surround yourself and engage with others.
Keep learning.
Wonder what Jack is up to these days.
Advising Libyan rebels?
definitely an A this will help ware get even more sacks
and the veins in the shrimp, eek lol
You would be the last person I think that would text me...
You can see that the Grizzlies have way more playoff experience then the Clippers.
Very evident early.
omg they're giving tickets for one direction!!
Disclosure: today is official, I am the new president elect of the American Family Therapy Academy :
I'M GOING TO DELETE MY COVERS IF YOU DO NOT COME BACK SOON.
I ONLY DID THEM CAUSE YOU ASKED ME TO.
are most of the galleries and spaces closed on Monday?
Put it in my fanny pack in a baggy.
What'd you think of the dunk?
I need somma dat hood mentality
that awkward moment when you flirt with some one but you dont relize it and he looks/acts/talks just like you ex
I must say the guys tonight are mighty interesting!!!!
I am a salsa fiend!
Will be at REBNY tonight, please find me and introduce yourself.
I'm just a hunchy person naturally.
I was like uh, I miss this girl that touches my nose all the time !
:
thanks bro
According to , I am a Networker.
Apparently my online style matches my offline style quite well.
At least I'm consistent.
which?!
: Just when you think  couldn't get any sweeter, they leave a Wichcraft sandwich on your desk
I Jus Wanna Show You How Much Im Dedicated To You.
.
No comment.We used to look up at Detroit.
We've grown to the point where we have a great respect for them but not in awe of them.
Trotz
RT2WIN CONTEST RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to ,  at on May 16th!
Wow just doing updates on Zillow.com
purely accidental but great to know!
...So I guess we can have you back again?
:
for cleaning Swype autocorrect heard colonic.
which could work.
in a different context.
Yes...exhausted though.
We've been running around all day.
How was the redeye?
cc
cheer loud and eat some banditos for me
Point me in the direction of that then!
That's likely what I'll be doing ...
Tim Burton's Dark Shadows?
Too predictable a project for him.
Tim Burton's The Brady Bunch?
Now that I'd like to see!
how come hutchy looks like a star dwarf in your avi?
DSK warned over 'prostitution ring'
Thanks for that, Lynyrd Skynyrd brightens up my day :
Headley  Hundley are starting to kill me again, and Hundley's not even playing tonight.
If the road you travel, has no obstacles, It leads nowhere
Sitting on the computer for hours, then suddenly thinking, Why is there no music playing?!
without Justin Bieber carrying mayweathers belts
Will offer it up to my 7th graders next week, excited about blekko!
Remember to register to win an i pad at WWW.pcisolutions.com
To win RT : For what?
RT : I'm picking Shane and Floyd tonight
when they made it seem like they were doing us a favor by raising the price.
You bitches are like summer, no class ;
I meant well!
I think I've just caught your CANTSPELLDIEASE!
:D
People still black mail other people.
Creativity involves breaking out of established patterns in order to look at things in a different way.
Finally getting sore from Bootcamp last night with
In the middle of third glamour photo session with Angelica.
Going great!
Can't wait to work on the photos and upload them.
NEED TO RELEASE ENERGY.
WANT TO GO OUTSIDE.
I worked on radio down here, sattellite radio shows, mix tapes etc etc...I got vehicles wraped and so on...over 20yrs strong.
I know right:
I've been watching tv all day :o wtf .
It is THE nicest day in nyc yet this year...perfect temp, no clouds, light breeze
Gonna be another long day today
it's been worthy of jealousness down here man.
One more round today!
1812 Napoleon left his palace in Paris to begin the March to
is exploring SF with his buddy Sathvik.
Left/ RT Hey!
Can you tell me how to get to Bleecker Street?
Audition for Ash tomorrow for a commercial!
Busy, busy, busy!
: 
I loved 24....they should bring it back Kiefer
Good Morning  Happy Thursday Everyone
thank you!
You ROCK
Yeah, We do Skype lessons sometimes and we go sometimes, too.
Are you on Pinterest?
So are we!
Search Abington Community Library to find our boards and follow us!
I try but it sounds so gay dude..
And it hurts
Since our Colts aren't plying today, who are you cheering for?
The Steelers or Packers?
Thank you for retweeting.
I appreciate it very much
ShoutOut to the people who didn't wanna be cool with me when I was younger  now want some of this , EAT A DICK ...
This isn't as easy as I thought it'd be...
Everyone have a great weekend...
dont doctornk and doctorve..
defense wins championships
If content is king, context is God.
I think most of us are a mix.
I've consistently got Ravenclaw on those quizzes, but I probably have traits of all 4 houses.
Crying at the ending of your favorite show
can we make leave that room happen as a mantra?
i'm thinking celeb wrist tattoos, a club banger, etc.
It's raining so much.
It looks so cool
Canine  Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
ever coming to Maine ?!
I love Neil diamond...
que Honda compadoctor?
happy birthday :
People who talk too much about nothing .
Bulls won
the world needs more teachers.
I should have said 5/80 to beat Wilson's deal.
Here i am in the flesh look your killer in the face
Wish Simi PD would bring in GPR to check site for Body to see if its Lindsay Wells !
Oversigning, structure and luck have played quite the role too but NOTHING comes close to the edge in shelling out for the best.
Candy Land Wedding
sorry ladies in in Massachusetts.
gonna watch harry potter all night and wish i was at the premiere for the last movie, woo :3
Laura, I like the way you think!
Thanks for the kind words to doctor Pardo too  I had a great first week!
ordering shoes online
Brian's image in for Illinois  should be live now
Well...Today is going to be rough.
Hungover days have become more tolerable with
I had a BIG ASS panini for lunch, and I feel like I had a BIG ASS panini.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Have a fun day  we hope you're wearing green!
My mom knows the words to More Than This.
She loves !
3
Hello charlotte!
I'm talking hologram duets with myself
ya new boyfriend ctfu!
Im convinced Howard Hesseman was never off the acid
Tell me and I forget.
Teach me and I remember.
Involve me and I learn.
Benjamin Franklin
hahaha Stephen Hawking Jr!
I'm doing better, thanks man
Stepping on a Lucky Charm and feeling like a cereal killer.
The folks in our class are rocking through the hands on filming part!
Multiple camera angles and all!
Wow.
What do you think of the Mayweather fight ?
Thanks for retweeting!
enterprising, but ruthless.
Hey!
Haps to the new year!
i think that i never had a dejavú ;O
Muller: harvest creativity of people around the world, ran a global competition for creating innovative apps for development
I'm so ready for spring break.
Too many people are just pissing me off here.
17 days 17 days 17 days.
happy born this day :
just trying to make it last as long as possible!
Can we interview you for our teen webshow?
: FollowBack Please?
:
brazilian blowout??
I know its january and all, but does it have to be snowing?
Simple joys a sunny day and a fingerprintfree iPad screen.
Just want to take the time out to thank all my new followers!
do you think you'll make it out tomorrow?
My colleagues at Bay Area Aspire Public Schools start school on Monday!
Looking forward to working with you  your young people again!
I use Vitamix and love it.
Btw, getting on a summer cleanse soon...any yummy shake recipes I should try out?
:
Is PP about a nonessential gov funded program that uses tax payer money  useless cut it
new boy toy?
cute.
yall are adorable together :
And Congrats to our hermana for being inducted into the GW Hall of Fame!!
Theta Chapter is doing big things :
Turned into a gorgeous evening.
Getting ready to grill some fish  hang outdoors for a while.
A relaxing evening....
In unrelated news, I'm discovering that I possess an annoyingly eclectic libido.
The level we're on, I don't think I can talk to you about everything anymore.
Well not without upsetting anyone.
Good point.
I really want to teach Emerging perspectives in my systematic theology class though.
Woke up to random production crew members asleep in my living room.
Gotta love filming
sending positive vibes to my love
thank u...
BORGIA opens this evening with and  who do you think is the tallest of that bunch?
which songs by which bands/artists have had a huge impact on your life?
Would love to know
RT : Remember Congressman Joe you lie!
Wilson?
Yeah, he was actually right.
Obama lied.
bit.ly/pRKf2h
I thought hotpants were daisydukes?
either way I saw the playsuits the other day  just about cried.
At circle tourney
You reep what you sow
...
and if you're ever in Baltimore, I'll be happy to go for a run or give you a route!
Sleep  Distant memory
hmm let me think?
I might as well give up on trying to explain to my cat the difference between next to and on top of.
yum!!!
Might inspire a walk up my hill to the local Have a great day, game 7 tonight!!
We appreciate your effort!
:
Freddie Mac: 15YR Fixedoctorte Mortgage Hits Record Low
Thank all media for having incompetent public trial by jounalist further smearing the Martin case; dad statement is inadmissible evidence
Can't wait to join you guys!
xoxo
The Subcreative ELITE!
OnMyWishlist is sailing in the BVIs
TRR's Guest Bloggers for the month: While Giants Sleep.
You have got to check these guys out!!!
I've been constantly jizzing for the past 3 hours..
I thought you were busy:o
come through tomorrow yoooo Gaby and Fanelli are coming!
Why in the hell was topchef Texas moved to Canada?!..Don't mess with Texas!
yes!
They are awesome!
Now, how to change MINE?
Have plans for 2012...time will tell...Thanks for the ideas!
I love listening to you sing!
hApPy VaLeNtInEs DaY !!!!!!
go with it girl.
Uchicago will still be here when you get back and so will I.
Congrats to for coming out!
Honey, I am proud of you.
Live as who you are!
Be yourself.
We love you!
RIP Adam Yauch
I hate that.
Today's lunch yoga class was the only thing that got me through the day....so stressed
I love you and :
CODY!
WILL YOU PLEASE tweet me since i am missing your show tonight?
it would mean so much to me...
:
she done had enough shame already n deh cyan stop talk bout it
Today has been crazy busy, and I just got called into work.
Looks like I won't be seeing Say Anything tonight.
:
wild friday night on the internet
This is perfect for those of you who wish to stay in Israel following an event or course
Happy Thanksgiving everyone :
A woman can have as many as 20 orgasms in an hour using a vibrator.
New Mixtape The Seed Coming Soon!!
Sometimes I can just be a real bitch.
I feel bad when I don't believe someone when they were being honest.
I love you babyy, i'm so sorry.
Those are the three things the ego is doing all the time.
It's very important to be aware of them every time they come up.
Like thisWe're trying 2 do smthing completely different, not bcuz it's different, but bcuz we're looking 4 different outcomes
Preparing for an group overview with my travel buddies.
Getting more travel with less stress.
Come see tonight 7pm, Quality Inn, Cahill Main
Great Monday...
sorry to see the sun go away!
It's official: On 7/28, we are opening our doors as the Baltimore Food Coop!
2800 Sisson St.
9AM, come and be the first to shop!
Who is ready for some new FAB babies!
let me cook 4 u 4 a week n teach u some healthy but still calorically and protein rich recipes n u can watch me starve lol
That is seriously one of the happiest stories I've heard
The CATHOLIC CHURCH just doesn't want PAUL RYAN to carry the PEOPLE and the NATION to HELL with him.
PAUL RYAN, YOU HAVE SIN BIG TIME!
Thanks for the follow.
I am so impressed.
Never met a diamond cutter before.
I'm in the same boat re sports  no cable.
I head to a local bar, but that's tough on a Bears fan in WI.
Tipsy teamtipsy we 4 on the hot 8 at 8 S/O to ding ding ding from and
Awesome accelerated program.
Get it, get out.
Time for a life where I can spend my weekends on things I enjoy.
Str8LykeDes...
What did you expect..?
So today I'm gonna tweet random crazy thoughts like the First Lady looks hot striking the Heisman Pose with the Dallas Cowboys
yea...
Im not gonna be able to get my ride fixed tho.
so yall gonna have to find a way
..really?
Keep that denial when the tables are turned, coward!
spoiler alert: we're all gonna die
EyeSeeVideo.com for a limited time the service has been discounted to 6.95 entry level.
This product will change remote view monitoring.
Birds eye.
I gotta clear view.
You can't see me but I can see you
Haha well naturally yes
thanks so much!
:
hey girl
Three days left to get your Jack's Mannequin tickets!
Get out do something.....
it was.
I'm w shelia.
She's still looking for a good chicken place.
Ovi making me look good, just called him the best athlete playing any sport in the world right now on Melbourne sports radio
Dear Math and Biology, I refuse to be defeated by you and your concepts!
I will end up triumphant in our battles!
oh, ditto for you Spanish!
Gyourko, we are missing the supply side.
Too many goods, how can you get rid of excess housing.
That was it
so this is the be4, but how bout the after pic?
I think you should just give into the power of augmented reality.
You'll be like Darth Vader.
is learning all about Twitter for her History in the Digital Age class!
i don't think he can do it.
ha, you're down the street from where I work.
it has more than pandora, but you have to set the recommendation slider to obscure or it will rec more popular things
whens the show?
wanna meet up sat or sun and play a song for our lense somewhere?
logan monument or...?
Thanks for following Jonathan
Why did we pass altmintax if people can avoid it?
Do we need an alt alt min tax?
Grr.
Missed the demo day!
If footlocker, champs or the nike store aren't having sales tonight then you won't see me out at a storre tonight.
For the sake of your future in Boston, Adoctoran, get a hit.
Delay is not denial.
tried working on my math review.
fell asleep on my first problem.
lovely.
wait but both of them were?
O.0
have you hugged a bear lately?
Stop by our page and tell us about your best bear story www.facebook.com/mamabearsplace
Break a leg to all of our Showcase performers this evening!
We are excited to see you launch into the professorssional world of acting!
yeah I live millions of miles away..
:/
thank God we have a gas stove/oven.
I am starving!
And don't forget rude and controlling
follow me
Merchant interviewing Mayweather cracks me up.
Haley:Dear College, cheese makes me gassy, see you in Sept.
Cam:How'd she know I'm gay?
Mitchell:Maybe b/c you ordered a doctornk a doodle do.
Is that seriously 50 Cent and Beiber w Mayweather??
Predicting will have more followers than by the end of the night...
Does anyone actually believe mopping does anything?
I can't wait to see this eve at the Beacon!
Woohoo.
True thing people.
but if not owned one's words can be twisted
20ThingsAboutMe; 11.
I'm generally nice until you start to dislike me for no reason.
when are you coming to cincinnati?
luv my new pics :  can't post b/c they're magazine quality!!!
you should see me...
It's not good
Don't wanna work, rather sit at home and watch the brewers game!!!
Go Brew Crew!!!
:
Forgiveness doesn't change yesterday but it does enlarge tomorrow..
let go, forgive, walk and act with love..!
Im the outsider of the InCrowd
it was every time I came to the Spanish room and you guys were in there.
Haha
Nothing will be the same, so what's the point in pressing on?
Why don't u hack their phones  find out?
: Have the Navy SEAL Team 6 heroes who killed Bin Laden now been killed themselves?
Hurry up and finish so we can hear them.
: RT Peter Mayhew on Twitter?
Thanks for the tip!
I met him several times over the years.
He's a gentle giant in the soul.
correction a man on ur team.
Went through hell and back for you tonight.
Monday night I'm going to the Parker Quartet.
Want to meet up after the concert for a glass of vino?
The Awkward moment when everyone gets the joke except you.
I rather HAVE a UGLY BITCH dat TAKE dick instead of a SEXY BITCH dat can't even TAKE dick!
well these were some doctorma boys so that makes sense haha
Why the fuck it loks like a bunch of feathers put on her head.
It loks cool but at the same time she looks like a fool RT
Learning new things about life, and yourself everyday is the best way to be.
You become a better person that way :
gotta love Dave
oh well i didnt see it and if you look at his page hes fighting off haters too.
So excited to watch take Heritage to PTown tomorrow.
Can't wait to win his I hate tshirt.
These girls out here must not think they're valuable giving out their treasure like it's nothing shit is sad to me
I'm looking for a service to weed my garden, plant my tomatoes, and cut the grass
follow me wheresmykie
Stop.
Close you eyes.
Remember your favorite game as a child.
Can we buy girls insted of slurpies?
M I want those sexy baseball players so bad!
With
Tune in to hear more songs and questions live with Jon Herrington of grammy award winning
looking for a Director of Technology  Interactive, NYC
Put a hump in your back  shake your rump...it's the middle of the week, HUMP day baby
awkwardmoment when you're best friend becomes a total stranger
IS JUSTIN IN LONDON?!?
Experimenting is gud but not with orange color
you'll like Scandal too
Spiced cider  Spanish coffees while the fire is on?!
YES please!!
Come down to the LR and relax!!
it should be fun, keep us posted
Happy 12th, Google!
imo Handling and torque fun for doctorving around.
I can keep up with bf til about 115 then he looses me lol.
For track not top
so paula abdul is done!
triflin!
women will continue to be under paid :/ smh
Entrepreneurship takes a lot of creative energy.
Where do you get inspiration?
At gathering of Tom Brown supporters at Ray's The Steaks.
Ebullient crowd, upbeat and loving their candidate.
I promised myself I ll never 2nd guess myself or my talent cause its some whack ass artists out here and their confidence is thru the roof
Beginning of the week, end of the month, middle of recording our album.
In the studio :
So, the media MAY exaggerate?
: Just watched the Lexington Fox 10:00 news.
A bunch of people enjoying themselves, no rioting.
I've got the sad face.
Lol
Don't forget to tune into Underground Television this Sunday!
Made 55 dollars in tips tonight.
Pretty good considering its sunday.
Usually we are there it's normally the only vacation of the year
Thx to all who came out today!
You don't like what?

House party tonight Knights Cirlce at my place Free doctornks build 4 apt 308
Feeling really good this evening!
Don't Trust the B in Apt 23 is my fav new show since New Girl.
Alternacute rules.
Teaching how to use twitter, he's cracking me up cause he's mad he doesn't have a million followers already.
:p
lose weight like a guy?
really?
check out www.susanefine.com
Oh NO for O.J.
Does anyone even care about OJ anymore?
3rd pool day in a row.
must be doctoraming...
IT'S LIKE BACKWARDS FAYGO!?
Thank god for a beautiful day.: Goodnight
I got a podcast we are trying to get sponsored by PBR.
Funny you say that :
Happy 19th Anniversary to my hubby Love you!
FYI, if anyone asks, we got married when I was 10.
that I can talk :
Same!
We have IGSCEs too!
It's horrible!
Have you picked your options!
;
Every single one of my followers call this number 10 times to vote.
It's free.
thevoice.
18558642303.
Jaguar Announces AllNew Sports Car: The Jaguar FTYPE
who don't know where their mothers are.
There are mothers whose childoctorn have died.
Ink my whole body.
I don't give a motherfucker!
.
I'm through accepting limits cause someone says they're so.
Some things I can not change, but til I try I'll never know.
Texas has the patty melt from Whataburger  Australia has Patty Mills.
The Spurs' just happen to have both!
LOL
mybaby is flipping u the bird right now.
She just learner.
I wonder how guys next 2 me at gym feel about having 2 stare at tranny's ass implants infront of us.
Probably feel same way I do: awesome
Just racked a gallon of dandelion wine into a secondary.
See you in three months, yeasty golden slurry.
um i love the staten island girls ....
Miss yalllllllll
Your face pisses me off.
Now that it's been established I wanna know who the hell told melon that it was mazin?
damn you hawaiin punch!!!
Josh Voorhees, editor, Slate runs Slatest, WFUD12: We provide transformative value by explaining in 200 words what original said in 1000
Afternoon nap, yeah!!!
its so fun.
If you like good food and no sales tax this is a great place to visit.
Plus everyone is insanely nice.
If he wants you breast,legs,and thighs send him to KFC your a lady not a cheep value meal!:
: yes Turner being aggressive Is key
lol I am happy!
And I know right??!!!
WOW!!
Sorry I missed that show!
I read the Playboy for the definite articles.
Kris Jenner.
Pffft.
That's why I'm not managing my kids.
I'm their mom.
Period.
The MWD Board is meeting now on the proposed water rate increases...
If approved, water rates will have increased 101 since 2006
Study: Heavy teens have trouble managing diabetes
Its all in the mind set, it applies to all our endeavors.
I think anyway.
Hopefully it gets better girl, trust is the first step and the last step in everything RT : Trust issues....
.
i'm not sure.
intransigent woman on phone couldn't/wouldn't.
i left a VM 4 her boss.
if u follow me, i can DM.
you knew she was dark skinned before you asked for the nude
Absolutely!
Thanks for having us.
just started 3rd!
Loyalty will always be an issue if your fucking with fake people !,
OFFICAL LAUNCH party One Nite Stand is tonite  Meze 205 N.
Peoria 10PM2AM Come party with the hottest Latin crowd in Chicago.
No Cover
faith and love work together.
faith is enrgized by love
My background krispy  and go see .
What did the egg say after he was put in a pot of boiling water?
I just got laid by a chick and now I'm getting hard
Habitat for Humanity: We helped build a house today...and yes, we got to use powertools and saws.
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring
Social practices and institutional architectures are needed to manage environment created by new media and collaboration
So how is it that I didn't know about Iron and Wine until now?
Just so you know, it is currently 20F in Hibbing, Minnesota, and 71F here in sunny San Diego, California...
37.
Astros 8 Brewers 3  Wolf tagged for seven / feast or famine with this team / starving on most days.
I'm needing some Jersey love
Yay bubba!
So sweet seeing him celebrate that win!
I'm getting every other channel BUT Fox!!!
Why why why!!
HOLY CRAP THOSE THROWS WERE TERRIBLE!
You reply so fast..
are you waiting for me?
How sweet of you!
Well....for your information....
What I do, I do well and what I don't do well, I don't do at all.....
Dale Chu and Jon Gubera are now presenting Indiana's AF Accountability Model to the Select Commission.
There was a time I felt the love from ...
But now 
You want to do something great in this world?
Want to fulfill your purpose?
Want to make a difference?
Then be submitted.
U cant do it alone
Hey, I recognize you!
You're one of the twins!
A woman to me this morning
: bust nuts on life you said it.
I fucking hate you.
the morning show sucks without Boomer
Did you just call yourself flat chested?!?
Cuz I ride or die babe we gon be good And if you ride or die we gon make it out this hood
RT : RT It is very important to engage; it is multilayered conversation.
YES
Thanks for sharing!!
PrePaid Legal Services, Inc is now LegalShield.
www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/ossg
hell yea!
Yes, especially if one pops on you.
Something else.
I would never pay to not own a hard copy of music
be careful with open flames!
now u have said...
Some said they sent an email to my business email yesterday night.
And I have got anything.
Please  thanks!
Which retailers are you in in the Northeast?
hey Jeff how can i write u and share with u my story?
I have had sever major open heart surgeries...
: These 40 less fat potato chips are pretty good but they could use about 40 more fat.
No..I'll dm you who I am: You know me.
lol
Mark your calendars for Fri, May 6th!
MMA returns to Milwaukee's Potawatomi Bingo Casino!
NAFC Mayhem.
4 hrs of nonstop action.
Ages 21
im hakim anew author I have a very interesting biblical book coming out late may think u will enjoy call age of the beast
Happy MarathonMonday to all in Boston!
Really wishing I was there.
Stay thirsty, my friends!
Today is the beginning of the Labor Day weekend enjoy but stay prayerful!
Yep, by next chat it'll be EDT.
MT : That'd be 4:00 p.m.
Eastern Daylight Time, yes?
Discussion of Journal as community reminds me again how silly paper journals are.
Best value is hampered by paper limits
Excited to hang with you ladies tonight at 's album release shindig!
isit5pmyet?
;
hard day 4 me with my bullies
I wish I had more money so I could buy cuter work clothes
s/o cause cause she wanted a s/o lol go follow her thos she cute and tweet sum real shit
FirstThingIDoInTheMorning is contemplate whether to stay home or not...
Of course I'm 3 hours early curling my hair for Creep Opening Night!
I love you.
3
InstantTurnOn knowing how to seduce a woman
I'm running on 4 hours of sleep right now.
And I feel like I had the best sleep of my life last night.
great show Sunday..thanks for coming out guys!!!
We got some live trax coming out soon for download
Unless you're my boyfriend/husband/3 ...
DON'T call me baby.
ICK!!!
Makes my skin crawl.
Yeah, overlap is very, very good.
May seem strange to attendees and some presenters.
We'll find out!
:
No!
: I have hockey game at 9:45 tonight.
Do I play?
ever heard of using the same password for everything?
lol
Thanks to !
RT : Just gave Youki some of the treats I got at BlogathonATX.
I think she is addicted.
is killing me!
Defense keeping us in it though.
Please Please follow back :o
lol mines the same
Hi twitter people
Twitter Follower TipTons of people use Twitter, so promote your twitter URL in your email  forum signatures.
No problem!
RT : Thanks for the tip Eric.
Just downloaded a couple of great free apps courtesy of you.
well since its June 30th then it's summer here and you will be in New York so hopefully I'll see you:
will meet you up this week!
Commercials b having models that already b in shape and shit
Sherlock quote of the night: GET OUT.
I need to go to my mind palace.
just caught an episode of csi: detroit, and it reminded me of you :
Startinq to wonder why you had to ruin my future ?
I wanna get me some BJ's.
Oh God.
Soccer season is never over
nither do I :p
Hang'n with my best friend Tay.BFFs forever!!!
;
dublindallasplp Yeah, I'm that far behind but making rapid progress.
21st Century here I come!
Rip City vs Linsanity tonight...Blazer win?
OH!
take a picture of her then!!!!
Sweet Brown Chris Brown
good luck babe!!!!
I have an ipod touch, its the 1st gen so I can only have iOS3 on it, so most apps don't work now.
:
just wait.
I still remember what they did here in 03...
Just got the Filner announcement  On Wed, June 8th at 2:30 PM, Filner will turn in papers to allow him to raise  for 2012 Mayoral race
Excited for tomorrow.
2 auditions 1 fitting  a doctorp off among other exciting todo's.
YES!
And then you wake up
Buckle employees do everything but undoctorss you.
Lopey?
You're better than that.
its so bizarre and stupid, deleted my account the other day with no explanation and won't answer my emails
Nice.
Now you have to start songwriting.
have you ever felt like when is going to happen for me..
I feel that way a lot.
aw thank you Matt.
Please have an awesome day today.
are going to watch jersey shore: ?
There are few hours in life more agreeable than the hour dedicated to the ceremony known as afternoon tea.
Henry James
To insure good health: Eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness  maintain an interest in life  William Londen
Past noon and I still have not tuned into any pre superbowl tv hype.
Mike Adams is out here doctorssed up in full pads ready to go
personal finance...
: with melisssaaa
The Time Manipulater is beyond talented in this time and space.
common vs doctorke beef.
Who u got?
Election is already over...The entire FES is compromised and massive fraud.
Vot has to be by over 10
That's a lot for a Friday!
Good luck!
Sorry, don't have one.
Love's in need of love today.
Don't delay.
60 ads in the 3rd, id say the are kicking some ass
Hummer and Barrett will be on Josh.
Plus they have Connolly and Darrow on the bench that play 13  minutes.
please follow me back
This Flogging Molly Pandora station is.
AWE.
SOME.
We couldn't stop laughing the entire episode :
should text me and cheer me up.
see its this girl i like but i just cant tell her i do cuz every time im around her i freeze up man this never happen to me befor
I have the same problem.
Agreed!
RT : Cranes for Japan is a great idea!
is amazing!
Will be interesting to see how history treats FB in the years ahead.
Plenty examples of past failure and success that could be correlated.
Awesome team outing today with my Recruiting Team.
Thanks, !
Let's go Heat
save the best for last!
I love her too.
She good at cuddling.
EVAN there is a kid on your mouth
I almost forgot: really big boats too.
Have an awesome birthday, Chloe!
So excited for SLS12, it's almost here!
:
sounds good brother!
I am now enjoying my first sips of wine after abstaining for a month
Let's talk season ticket renewals.
I figured, but it was nice hearing from you!
Dead conversations
lol i wish hahah i wanna go to vegas an gamble an get doctornk an go to stip clubs can WE PLEASE GO TO A MALE STRIPCLUB
Oh, no!!
For how long?
Sad cos Claire won't text back
Ha right.
We can swing by  pick it up.
We could really use it back actually.
doing awesome!
Lots of exciting things are happening.
How are you?
dad's taking care of it
Barnes was nothing more than 6ft8 shooter.
Reminded me of Kyle Singler's game.
thatawkwardmoment when gay guys try to flirt with you......
I don't get why the girls in horror movies stand and scream while the killer is running towards them.
You wanna get stabbed, don't you?
welcome: and aww thank you 3 :D
yes please !!
Maybe 2 !!
hey every1 I am over tweet limit on :
So much to do in a short amount of time smh
Not even a twitter tab in the browser!
Look at that focus!
A smile can hide so many secrets.
Dave and Busters motherfucker
DAMN THE NIGHT IS JUST RIGHT WITH THE GUYS OF TO RUSH!
people change like the got dam weather AintThatSomeShit!
That one person i love talking to is you.....
3
Head downtown tmister for the last holidatePDX of the season!
Free SmartPark parking  savings at tons of local businesses: budurl.com/7548
On my way to CMH  DCA.
Lookout, dc here I come!
House can be nice sometimes.
had a great meeting today!
: promo later tonight!
Hey, went through people my friends were following,added like a hundoctord.
This morning I have about 15 new followers!
Try that!
Hahah I can't laugh when I'm already freaking out.
XD
guess what?!
I know you hate the cold weather so after you come to KY, we are building a mobile dome of warm weather to follow you!
3WordsForYou Please Follow Me ?!
thanks so much!
fever finally broke and on my way to mending : hope your day rocks!
yes cause everyone immediately knows what you're talking about
Happy New Year Everyone!!!
Love, Peace and Joy to ALL of you!
FF Some of my favorite Youtubers
roll with the punches
Having a cup of tea and looking at the stars on a clear, cold London night.
:
One 2012 goal  rid parents of their 30 year milk in coffee habit.
Almost there.
I'm not looking forward to tomorrow at all.
I just want to sleep in.
LIKE US on FB www.facebook.com/BeautyCallLosAngeles
Congratulations to the director, cast and production team of Divorciadas, evangélicas y vegetarianas for a very successful run!
Brandon Deaderick with the big sack.
doctorwing parallel to Moneyball, Billy Beane: People go batshit crazy when you try to change
Soo this account need replies from and And then it will be happy and complete.
:
Down in the concourse of McMahon Stadium before the teams took the ice for the warmup
Let's get this party started..2012 here I come!!
you just earned an unfollow
yes : thanks!
First day for text reference!
Try it out: 6513000550
Weighing seriously cleaning apartment versus packing to go home versus getting ANY sleep tonight.
familiar situation
Page 7 of 366 still trying to meet 1DayIWantTo meet Nick jonas!!!!!!!
my blog?
you mean my uncle's kitchen?
heh...
yeah, you probably won't!
it's hard to get some quality crawfish in boston :
Why do I put myself in these situations 
Perturbed badgers is my new favorite phrase.
guys, follow me on tumblr danceforever1993.tumblr.com i follow back.
No.
I told you to take him.
That's what my grandmother always called them!
:
Why yes, world, an explosive decompression of my bike tube was JUST what I needed at 930 am.
Thanks!
You make the World a better place!!
CHANGE IS NOW help us help U
I like you the way you are.
new twitter handle, new name, new everything hope you are well!
I'm so close to punching a brickwall.
Learn how to treat a woman.
i dont want it to rain
So the bible tells us to expel factious men from the assmembling.
What about factious churches?
Lincoln is inspiring people to take charge.
They change their tag line from Hello Future to You're in Charge  Dave Wozniak
If you want to learn more about The Writers Studio, come to our free class Thursday.
DM me if you're interested.
you have to check out childish gambino!!
Oops, it's tomorrow already and I just got home...
Had a great time with Karen and the gang but
Be sure to checkout our friends
At Double Down in the east village.
SC just ordered Ass Juice.
Well we go back and forth regularly.
Until last year we had a music store in the area.
We still gig so lmk
The cry of the poor is not always just, but if you don't listen to it, you will never know what justice is.
Howard Zinn
Category 5d winner is The Big Ten Network
Uh oh madoctord tied again..
Now just a 6 point lead when everyone said LaLiga was over..
you mad cause you didn't get one this time sylvia?
;
A very belated Happy New Year from Routledge Museum Studies.
2011 looks like being a very interesting year...more soon
ight cool im hit u up
just email me
Lmao that almost fight at the cafeteria was
that bed belongs in the Eggo Waffles hall of fame museum next to the microphone that may have been used for other things
BestThingAboutBeingSingle being able to up and leave town when you want!
If you're at the tweet up/happy hour, we're in the back on the right.
Don't sleep on the Chiefs.
Some guy named Montana finished his career there too.
Great football city.
I always thought misterKramer was in the hof if Forrest Greg is a part of hof then mister Kramer should be as well how blind are people
Introducing the Wife of Bath's Tale 2 weeks early: there is a rape, and we cannot talk about the story and ignore that.
Jon Connor's new mixtape The People's Rapper LP is sick af
Shout out to my newest followers  Thanks for following!
:3
im headed to the store to pick up some essentials for my living space.....ha i said living space everyone knows i mean my house
I actually can start wearing shorts to work now that our weather will be less fussy  more consistently warm/hot!
Am I missing something...why did about 18 spamming twitter accounts just start following me?
I don't think it was a good call....but the refs will get the Badgers back in the second half.
When you check off your ethnicity on a form do you put BITCH in the other section ??
...u have more followers then carly rae jepson.
U should feel special 3 FollowMe please:
Ok, Facebook timeline is seriously cool.
POTUS Did an amazing job.
Loved his ideas for EducationReform CleanEnergy InsiderTrading.
Best SOTU.
Congress must act!
Wit da high shit I shoulda waited to make this potato salad 
Sure'n it's Brachy O'Bama.
Always figured him as Back Bay Irish!
Deliver me from writers who say the way they live doesn't matter
I was just told I was too qualified for a job and they couldn't afford to pay me the insane salary they thought i deserved
Looking for Male RB/Soul Singer Songwriter for a 'TV/FILM' project.
email:
Laying in bed wishing I could just tell the coffee pot to work or have the cats bring me breakfast in bed
I think Carl shot Dale, not Glenn.
Wish he'd shot Randall.
omg!!!
I just turned my head really realy fast and i saw my ears!!
Yep!
Thought I saw you walk in.
Guess not!
you feel me!
Gotta give em what they want haha
TGIFood!
What's cooking this weekend?
Rosemary  Sage Pot Roast with garlic mashed potato lemongarlic asparagus  Iced Tea!
Don't fail, Vote pale
I just hot glue gunned my figures together by accident.
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Broasted Chicken Buckets 1.00 off!!!!
OMG IM JUST LIKE HREIKFHGRYUEIWDFRHY3UEWJDNF!
AH JUSTIN!
Follow me :
aww naw I'ma be there before 11 i thought they close at 10
Every day an adventure.
Every challenge an opportunity.
Every doctoram a possibility.
what??
Quite late huh?
Don't u have school tomorrow?
If i didnt have to do a project in 3rd i wouldnt be at school tmmister
Lovesick Clothing loves Texas.
Hey am doing greathope u are too
My Stanford email has been down all day.
A huge pain.
Fluid needs a contract designer for a small project with immed.
start.
Must have exp w/social media/tween markets.contact:
If we all did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves.Thomas Edison
Whats up.
I will see you guys on SUNDAY at 6pm sharp.
So what's the verdict?
Happy Texas Independence Day!
176 years.
Quick, cut away from Dale loadin one up.
Happy International Women's Day!
I hate this stuff  and it is coming here tomorrow  never minded until trees fell in my yard twice
we need some goats to eat our plentiful weeds down here in Los Angeles.
Can you help us?
I want somebody to loooooooovvvvvvveeeeee :/
omfg.
Me too.
He's freaking amazing3
have you ever taken a flat stanley on a trip with you?
well it looks like he may have company soon, keep your ears and eyes open.
No one believes me NO ONE BELIEVES ME have you seen a DOCTOR oh NO I've seen a MAN for NINE YEARS
Hello, thank you for your tweet.
I am currently at the office.
Please tweet in my absence.
RT : I CAN TWEET!
I wanna go to a Pirates Game!!
Oh, goodie!!!
It's snowing again!!!
1st DCA Under Armour coaches meeting tonight !....time to get focused for another strong summer from our teams
The 11 scanners in front of me were all just quite for about 6 seconds at one time and it freaked me out  checked that power was on!
Thanks for helping to save a life.
I wish more people would rescue animals!!
did you read my note i wrote you on friday?
;
When you have a doctoram, you've got to grab it and never let it go
Um, where did you FIND those?!?
Nice, we like to hear that.
great seeing you!
Lolls!i mean she is Her shadow .
and she needs to check her self and she a punk.she aint had not one fight on baskteball wives
Flaherty should play 3B the entire time.
Why not?
Its already known what bill hall and Wilson Betemit can do there already.
I Love You too!
Not excited about Md.
playing Northwestern in ACC / B10 challenge.
You lose, it sucks.
You win, who cares.
Terps going to surprise.
Won't you miss Roxy?
I just paid closer attention to your twitter handle.
Didn't realize you were doctor Barbie!
: Congrats!
If I were not so well educated and erudite, I'd say that the UT board of regents is a bunch of copycats.
love you too...UnleashTheFury :
Just had class for ten minutes.
Waste of time, could have slept for an extra hour.
sadly internet on the ship is dire, but when I have it I check on YOU for mah updates :
Going back to leather helmets is a better way of stopping people from leading w.
their head than lame ass rules.
Hello Columbus ..Im enjoying your sun on High St.
Im alive!
Holy st, what a break!
TwinAnchorsBBQ welcomes all families  ages.
We love to see families eat some great ribs  have a great time!
I just thought those facts were interesting lol
Heat gotta come back 4 me
Excited to see you  Find us in Bldg 1, 7th floor, Booth M04.
Our ecofriendly designs are worth a look!
iphone app, Thursday
Happy HourThanksgiving EditionWednesday, November 23rd from 10pm2am!
5 cocktails, 6 wine, 3 beer, food specials and more!
Join Us
well Amazon made it right.
i COMPLAINED they responded with some work, but made me happy.
Thank you, amazon.
.
If you need to be happy, I'll be your smile.
But anytime you need a friend, I'll just be me.
WTF SINCE WHEN WAS WTK HAVING A FREE ACOUSTIC SET AT MACYS TODAY???
Back home wif my uncle :.
: I'm just heading back to B'more.
Boo.
there goes my peace.
My pleasure.
has an amazing comm team.
uh we are young????
duhh!
So, did Al Gore invent the Palestinians before he invented the internet?
Happy Monday Everyone!
How was your weekend?!
Is that a vinyl copy?
So jealous if so.
I'm going.
Check out the Holiday Inn express in Logansport, way outside city, but dirt cheap
o.O lol
Dont need a towel, we can doctor off in the covers, and wen you think like it, I promise, you gonna love
Standing room only at The Future is Now session.
Understandably.
Good stuff!
Or Charlie Sheen?
Ideal sunday chill watch baseball and of course lift off wywh
Wonder what parsimonious introvert would treat.: Of course the brand name would be, like, Xiasduiervhsvera.
Kantis Simmons doctorams are for sleepers.
Goals are for achievers.
I just heard the cutest sneeze omfg.
Via : Today is Check Your Pet for Parasites Day, Employee Appreciation Day and Read Across America Day.
you are so beautiful celeste : words just can't describe how beautiful you are :D
what was the score?
I've had terrible luck with two different radio transmitters, though they were both crappy brands.
A linein worked the best.
oh damn!
lol.
Whenever u get back?
I know I'll be working on this paper up until Friday lol
Love the new job, made new friends, and then went to see a hysterical movie with two of my oldest friends!
Great Fri the 13th
Bruh i aint seen u since school everything good with you
Vibin while falling asleep.
Eat Pray Love  my wife has got me hooked on chick flicks, haha.
Lakers aren't playing D again.
Just FEED BYNUM DOWN LOW.
And back up your statement!
Through the woods and onto Austin MCN2010 I go!
There are also forums for many of the allows taping artists who have their own bit torrent trackers with unreleased music.
loool im done wit high school.
Agree.
Otto has played a good 1st half
oh lord..
Im a fake Christian.
Those scriptures he used has absolutley nothing to do with anything we were talking about
My split ends have split ends.
alright.
I'll bring one for you then....
Go Pack Go
nah just been busy,more doctorma.
you know how that goes.
and yeah.
Joke of the day: You thinking you're better than me!
Travel light!
I miss 2006
happy birthday MamaMahone!!.: 3 we love you.:
They put swine in the potato salad !
My dad promised he would take me to yogurtland today!:D yay!!!!!!
Quick lunchtime poll: second gigantic cookie  yes or no?
JoelMcHale in blue linen suit is hotter than should be permissible, and with CraigFerguson  wow.
What gender based violence issues are associated with being in cyber space?
Share experiences
Effort goal!
: Whats 1 thing you'll accomplish today that'll take u closer 2 ur long term goals?
Focus on process; not outcome.
Did your retired uncle come over  clean out your gutters?
That's one of the
Happy Birthday to my Mf'n nigga
Joined a rugby team so excited!!
Another day, another paper.
Luck you.
Susan B Anthony Day!
Wellbehaved Quaker lesbians rarely make history.
Be sure to come to the East Nashville Farmer's Market and see Chef Laura Wilson, winner of the Iron Fork competition, as she does a demo...
It is supercalifragalisticexpealidocious Amazing ; L O V E the Song!
Just turned on golf for the first time in ages.
No athlete sways the casual fan quite like Tiger Woods.
Making 0 knowledge computer restore solutions takes a lot of work when U have to bludgeon UR way thru it but thanks to CloneZilla its done!
can't believe my marathon is in 5 days.
Holy rubber legs Batman!
No correct answers for the giveaway ...submit yours now!!
ThanksGiving Gon Shake Like A 2 Morrow My Granny Cookin 2 She Gone Kill Try 2 Kill A Lil Nigga I Guess Im Dead 2 Morrow.Fa'Shoooo
Same here!
Messing around with Qik still!
you weren't there and you didn't see him
Your tweets make my bad days better haha RT : RACHEL RAY KILLIN THE HUMMUS GAME ON 30 MIN MEALS RN
Its nice out here rite now but its bour to rain :
Pretty credible H impression by RAW already!!
Redo: Thanks to Tammy Haddad for another wonderful whcd brunch.
Later the dinner...
to see who is there to see!
Credit goes to Kristian Knutsen, who was running the feed.
Have you checked out our market lately?
why you stop following Me after you was following me, can you please follow me again because I like to maybe talk Privitely
My AuntBut I don't wanna wear sandals!
MeJESUS WORE SANDALS!
All ready said an done
freshly pureed peaches...
loved them!
YOU THOUGHT THAT BOB DYLAN WAS DEAD?
WHAT??????????
I'm in!
Thanks!
some kid got introuble today for syaing he was doctornk in school
did he die?
What from?
My friend got chicken pox and he barley told me TT and there's an 90 he infected the whole school GOD help all the students at EMS TT
Follow back please :  by the way your so freakin beautiful 3
Get a FREE tall beverage when you buy a pound of Starbucks Tribute Blend or Starbucks VIA Tribute Blend.
Runs through Sunday!
yeah on one hand i'm like it makes sense controlswise but then on the other i'm like : storywise
Figured ROH would be streaming the PPVs on their site from now on.
I get a 15 discount on the price too.
Sick.
Happy to have finally made it back to MuayThai because I was in desperate need of some kickboxing.
Excited for double JiuJitsu tonight!
well that's not fair, the lakers have always been arrogant.
I wouldn't count this against OKC
oh the poor lamb!!!
How did she get the cut?
So glad I had such a fantastic day!
1 hour left of work...soo excited!
Congratulations to all of the new graduates.
We're so proud of you!
:
DPLA can enhance access to govdocs, regs, bill histories, standards now behind paywalls.
Issue of accountability, health, safety.

nope, Pac Div will be on tour with Mac for that leg of the tour, PUTS will be headlining the El Rey in Los Angeles.
Ladies night get down here for some free doctornks, ladies!!!
Did you just have a nasty flashback, or are you actually still working with those?
If I lived in Huntsville, I'd be holding my copy of The Faces, A Nod is as Good as a Wink to a Blind Horse.
Rock at it's best
Little bull says to the big bull, lets run down and fuck one of those cows down there.
Big bull says no son, let's walk and fuck them all
I really hope its a class on saturday now:
I'll keep that in mind, and behave myself!
RT : The Yankees and Red Sox are both 02 this season for the 1st time since 1980.
Wow that's a stat
There are going to be plenty more runs in this game by IND and MIA.
I think it could come down to the wire.
I wish gizmo was my pet
Someone wanna help us with 11 likes:
I have a doctoram and I intend on it coming true
Just found my new favorite band.
Fun.
Like all my favs in one, esp Floyd  Queen.
AMAZING!
SO INSPIRED.
Im in love!!
3
showtime on demand has it
our iPad app also loads websites and is compatible with HTML5.
Track us down at MW2012 for details!
I wish we could join:
MT : Virginia SB 627, invalidating bans on solar energy installations, is before House of Delegates.
Call your delegate!
Love basicly taking a shower outside
future Bill Nye the Science Guy?
you just caused me to sin.
How would I track tab clicks as pageviews?
I'm craving froyo
: there's no such things asfriends, in this world .
RealShit .
Effects of desertification
Tomorrow is awesome Friday not just good or better..
!!!
:P.
Happy Birthday to my best friend and love of my life !
On the recording stage: Bob Sneider Trio tearing it up!!
My Generation Doesn't Knock On Doors...We Will Call Or Text To Let You Know We're Outside...
SYTYCD was amazing last night!
I loved the statue dance!
which was your favorite?
Read my review here dld.bz/aa6Qd
: Twenty points if you have curly hair.
Curly hair is delicious.
I get 20 points!
Hell yeah!
And the Thunder are just pickin on Bynum.
Only a matter of time before he goes Ultimate Warrior on somebody.
Doh, burned the toast.
REDO!
Movies?
Think like a man, jus cuz Kevin Hart in it
hey stranger!
Glad to see you on here, thanks for following :
Hoping I get a shot to play opposite Rosario Dawson and Michael Peña.
I do diet coke too.
Zomg like totally...
so cool!
July 5th.
Expect me to be camping out in front of the Harley Davidson stage all freaking day long waiting for Death Cab.
Congrats to the Grad students for winning the President's Cup!
Come out to Beerball next Friday when we celebrate, woohoo!
PLEASE BE MY FIRST FOLLOWER!!!!
You make me feel so...
Thats the thing idk but I like it :
Those who speak most of illness have illness, those who speak most of prosperity have it..etc..
Positive energy keep you moving !
ok, I'll check it out then!!
:
happy bday broski.
How old r u 100?
85?
72?
Just kidding.
...that is a pretty awesome picture sir.
Thank you.
: ...better that I could do...
69John AbrahamDEAtlanta Falcons
Black people sitting behind me..
They are so funny lolol i want to be in their group..
Old phone wouldn't hold a charge.
Got an iPhone and it ROCKS!!!!
What about that French girl from Pan Am for Valentine?
Sexy but warm, oui?
You need to schedule a field trip!
Happy Friday, friends!
Hope you enjoy this beautiful weekend!
i mean of your animals !!
Clearly the difference in the Knick Heat game was the absence of Jeremy Lin.
wasn't goodnight moon a quote from a kids book....its bringing back memories...
lol
Hey I want to win a pair of VIP tickets to William Shatner
Run for cover.
Here comes trouble.
Aves Men's Voleyball
BREAKINGNEWSPetrino to coach Saints, beginning Monday
argggg.
I meant   on the cbmore front...
yep obsessed
Your not a decent person.
You bully people on Twitter every day.
Your an adult, act like one for once.
How come everyday before I workout I have to take a shit?!
thanks.
Yea Fran is not a friend
beauty doesnt always feel beautiful
America!
Eat less and exercise.
Call me crazy.
it will be great!
The band is really good : thx for the RT
I give up on this shhh.
F this.
SB45 Biz Lesson  14: Add Value.
Third down conversions matter at moving the ball.
Looking forward to seeing my Spurs beat these suckas tonight tho.
The Scary Truth About Solariums You really should avoid them
I'm calling my mom Jacki from now on ..
Are eyebrows considered facial hair?
RT : I had like 7 internships during my matriculation and I'd say 3 of them were unpaid.
genius, really.
so true, so true.
Dude i would but they dont have any pure orange ones lmfao.
I want mine already.
He mite bring em to iona game tomm
what r u doing twittering.
Does you boy toy know about this?
RT : Join us for Lunch today 1/2 sandwich/1/2 salad special 7.99.
Need a ride?
Free Golf cart riders just...
Would you help us with kickstarter if we did one for our full length.
I've already happily eaten my burrito about an hour ago.
I'll be eating my other one later tonight.
Thanks for thinking of me
River Monsters.
I have now entered the last week of my 20s.
99ers were around long b4 99 movement, long term unemployed have not seen 1 rally 4 them with OWS its a major issue
like guest vocals?
FF Some great fitness brands on Twitter: , , and
Happy mothers day33
In the MSP airport for 2 hours before i board.
downing double shot bloodys now.
liquid breakfast, CNN, and xmas music good morning, me
Its cold as hell outside
First fullyvegan meal was a success.
I am a chef.
We're currently designing the back of the Delicious Licks packaging.
Very fun!
This Friday feels like Wis days; the year is 1998, my parents won't extend my curfew..
and so I can't party with the cool kids.
Shooting pics with the girls of HTSP BASEBALL today...
check the site soon, hottubsleeperpicks.com
I think I'm gonna log off.
It's been real.
That Awkward Moment when a GPS tells a gay person to go straight.
Collaboration is key.
Theme of Interdisciplinary Sci event
At last minute Mark Doty edges out as best ala11 speaker, proclaiming heaviness that is no burden to itself
that would be an accurate description
I wanna come too!
Food by Chef Jake Brenchley and 1/2 price martinis, all evening at the Scholars Inn.
Enough said.
Plz rt
welcome to the club.
.RT : what is the most common mistake people make in their initial interview?
we have to expect some games like this during the condensed schedule.
ps you need to watch the Chicago Fire trailer like NOW!
Hot Uncle Mason  Firetrucks  shirtlessness  new favorite show!
Today is National High Five Day.
My outlook for the day has immediately improved.
Humming Need a man with slow hands and a muzzle on his fast mouth
I.
Am doctornk and.stoned!
:
It's not nice to make me snort water out my nose!
Now THAT was funny
I think I am most inspired by those pictures of people with quotes next to their faces as they appears, momentarily, on my Facebook feed.
Feels good debating sports early in the AM with people.
talk about a final discount clearance sale!
Lucky to have family I consider to be friends, but truly blessed to have friends I consider family!
OMG.
YOU GOT SOME FIESTY TOE NAILS.
Happy birthday !
for a second I thought that said do Mo Mo, it worried me.
Thanks for the RT!
I was awfully excited about my story, my goodness!
Can't wait for it to be fall.
I'm just gonna hibernate until August.
MT   Newt onstage with State Sen.
Jake Knotts, who called Obama and SC governor Nikki Haley rag heads
watching on ustream :
Yea that would be the smart course of action
I think you'd love Hong Kong.
143!
Dude, I not only want to shake your hand in person, I want a double tap brohug, high 5, fist pound  chest bump!
Cantwait!
Hope your Benne Wafer cookies can make it all the way to NYC!
What's so humane about humane killed animals?!
They are still being killed!
I can't believe humanity, we are disgusting!
If I would have gotten a personal tour like Roxie did, I would know how close you work!
:P
someone come feed me!!!!!!
: Agreed.
They screwed JL over royally.
But don't withdoctorw your support for Jerry's Kids because of MDA's ignorance and ingratitude.
It's so cold in the D
hahaha I don't have a Klout, silly!
I think all of the finalists on thevoice are talented, but I'm rooting for to win!
persistence: that outlives the business case that created it
When the Broncos win, contact www.QuickGymCS.com for a onetime FREE week at Quick Gym!!
Do the workout the Broncos  Chicago Bears do!
Anything involving rednecks 
We make fun of ourselves too much so I thought it was funny to see it turned around on the bands for once.
haha
Training with Adam Paul Green on Xocai and social media!
While there are many benefits to working at non professorts there can be many challenges  like funding!
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Abby Moss for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 16U Team
That could help.
party rock 333
Heading on with at 11:20pm live from MSG on and to talk some Caps as the season has come to an end
hell yeah I love that place!
Which one da one on 15th?
Here's hoping for Romo rib shots all night long!
Go Skins!
it's friday friday gotta get down on fridaay everybodys lookin forward to the weekend weekend friday friday
Best Leaders  Create opportunities for your team members and then support them to be successful in those challenges!
I just recently got this cupcake obsession.
M..
Having a cupcake shop sounds like fun.
Aww man!
I missed Middlebrooks' first major league hit :
Isn't it nice to know that the lining is silver?
Isn't it nice to know that we're golden?
Whoever has parking spot 2, thanks for loaning it to me this morning
you playing a church?
I read everything you write and pass it along.
Mozilla aka Firefox is on board with stop
Happy St.
Patricks day!!
All decked out in green today!!
:
To many parents burying there childoctorn.
RIPMSHOUSTON
Join us at Hollywood Alley on Nov.
22 for our show with The Broken Spoke from Colorado, get your pre Turkey Day doctornk on!
Schiraldi: Widespread abuse and neglect foisted on kids in JJ system in loco parentis.
Systematic failure to protect.
RT : HUNGER IS UNACCEPTABLE!
Everytime you shop with us...
we donate to feed a child a day  hunger to hope!
Lets care...
Final 40U40 photo of the day was with fresh A good smell for the end of the day!
Matt SmithLife
oh stop that
RT ows Do you like the new park?
It smells like Clorox and broken constitutional amendments.female protester on UStream
Those moments when your laughing so hard no noise comes out of your mouth!:

With cards, these companies help their employees and customers support the causes they believe in this holiday season...
Im just going to go to the homes of everyone I call in a day and fuck their shit up.
bambitch happynow?
coca cola from McDonald's is Better
...
WHICH makes for a fabulous weekend for sports.
Can't wait!
im going to call you tomorrow/friday
Nixon's biggest political contribution was the enemies list.
A true gift to the world.
Current goal: learn to make homemade sushi.
Anybody try their hand at it?
we will be accepting applications in LA, soonest, early in 2014.
Stay in touch!
What do you think of the WR pay BS Finley says he's going to pull if franchised?
RT : I fully expect Finley to be Franchised.
I'm now convinced we really should crowdsource our unidentified/underidentified photographs on flickr.
plenary
I thought for sure you'd seen that movie because I spent the first 30 minutes wondering what he was from.
Even better!
RT : Fired from a failed girl group, no less...
Really?
Lol.
'Cause I got a lot of cake, chocolate bars,  sad romantic movies we can can watch together?
Couldn't sleep!
You?
accepting headshots and reels for speaking roles  extras for directed by
Ha!
Hilarious!
RT: TONIGHT: The 7,000 Kennedy Space Center layoffs triggered 7,000 more lost jobs in the community.
My girlfriend is prettier than you.
:
2 days into watching my 6yrold niece and I am surprised and saddened to report that fart jokes DO get old.
This is needed in advance: a gigantic thank you for all of the advice!
Needa download like 6 more mixtapes 5 of them are and the other one is hah!
night
RT : We cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are.
Look at the interviewer, and not at the cameras.
It will be easier to keep your composure if you arent worrying about what's around you.
blue.
c:
you back in the city
Stuck at home, sick..
hm I'll start planning my Xmas list.ohhokaay..Let's see, I'd like an opera membership and to get healthier.
the end.
Had a GREAT time at Livewires last night.
The place is awesome and Wally Sr.
made us feel very welcome.
how?
O.o
IWantYouTo shut up, hit the blunt twice and pass it.
that's great, doesn't everyone love me?
Hahah love you too
bless up
nope ran away
it so is!!!
Yum
many Africans have given up hope that the foreign media can ever be balanced in its coverage Chalene HunterGault New News out of Africa
nyy yankees I have been waiting Teixeira to lay down a bunt vs shift since 2010 !
His stubbornous is not only hurting himself but the TEAM
I have low expectations.
Hilarious photo!
Such a busy couple of days ahead!
Lets get to it!
I'm watching now on teennick!
It's in all the time, haha :
They keep this up and their next dance will be the the Shag
RT : Sniff.
After 15 yrs, I'm leaving for Dell's health care group.
Here til 9/7.
Follow me and stay in touch!
This 16hr shift is about to kick my ass
Michel was most recently the Execuitve Director of the Boone County Learning Network.
Welcome to the team, Michele!
: lol.
Not all of them crazy...at least not this one.Hm.
Well I guess we could be cool
Time to hit the gym before my classes start.
BRB.
A hungry dog hunts best.
A hungrier dog hunts even better.
Norman Ralph Augustine
Cooking local ingredients is such an amazing way to experience the culture in a healthy way.
Chicken with fresh tomatoes,
Kickin off the 4th Annual StuffABus live from Arlington Heights this afternoon on !
Swing by  help families in need this Xmas!
thoughtsduringschool when is our next late start?
Wish there was a way to hide celebrities on the who to follow page.
Nothing against celebrities, I just don't want it to get to their head.
Makes me think of the Grape Ape events in the early 90's here in LA.
Any Angeleno's remember them?
90'slife
Just so everyone knows, roasted chestnuts are incredibly gross
Really not trying to go to work today .
I just want to feel pretty...just for one night.
:
Anybody see the Google Knowledge Graph yet in search results?
Incredible!
Now you just need freeze doctored pickles and you're set for a space vacation!
Have a good day everyone!
Gonna be up to 70 today....
Whats everyones plans!?!?
guess who's going to hell according to my lit class: Emily Dickinson.
guess where I want to tell them to go: to meet her.
ha ha only three followers.
New to Twitter.
so pretty much....
Duck as audience, duck as silent witness to our decay, duck as hilarious prop!
I like it.
If it's in a reusable container, then yes.
If not, then the WHOLE box of donuts.
well I just wasn't wanting to make the guys jealous.
It's really you and John that I am doctorving down there to see.
Glad you remembered!
RT : Off to New Orleans for RDAP!
Almost forgot the poster  this is a note to myself to not leave on plane!!
welcome anytime!
oh okay thats what I thought but yanno I wasnt sure
i got my grandmother watching football lol
If you fail, check maybe you shoot the wrong target?
:
As a Jets fan it'd be, from first to five, Patriots NYGiants Dolphins Ravens Bills I wanted to add the Steelers but meh
happy belated!
Hope Friday was fab.
Look forward 2 seeing u guys soon!
Thanks for the inspiration
Sick and sick of being sick  someonetextme 
South La.
Teams in title games: CLA, White Castle, Riverside, John Curtis, St Aug, McKinley and Scotlandville!
Not bad  Peabody from CENLA
Botanical Garderns, It was only h'orderves and it was all delicious and everything was first class as usual, great job!!!
I wish I could just find 300 dollars for a one direction concert ticket
HEY!
juss letting you know you have THE MOST AMAZING FANS.
That is all.
Mischief Managed.
Taking Houston by storm 2nite with my man!
ConfessionTime I just doctornk a smoothie  it was good
Is it possible?A meeting of educators who have vowed not to use the word parent in order to keep the child as their main focus?!?!
Too amazing.
Who are you listening to now?
yes!
Monday, I promise.
I have a fever and headache don't bother me.
now begins the new moment
The original had one, but I doctorpped it to get the characters to fit.
Yes, please vote for us.
We are most Awesomest!
I'm too bashful and it's not okay right now.
:
Instagram filters: making people appear to be sexier than they really are since 2010...
I could not stop hysterically laughing long enough to talk to the guy
3 bring yours to India with you!
Next up for SNOW SHARK: ANCIENT SNOW BEAST is the Bronx Week Film Festival, Saturday, May 12th at 8:30 pm.
More fests to come, then DVD!
Thank you!
Just saw your movie, loved it.
My 5 year old daughter loves you.
When are you coming to sunny San Diego?
i swear, mondays were created to discipline us over what we did during the weekend.
Watching hsn, it's like shopping for my eyes
Admiral's Club to first class back from NYC to LAX.
Cant wait to get back but miss my friends!
RT : The Hype Hotel line is already growing.
Also the Hype Hotel already smells like weird Dorito tacos.
Missing celebrating my peeps being honored at LADCC reception.
Proud of you all!
phew.
I'm leaving for Afghanistan for six months so selfishly, I'm glad I won't miss out.
Yaaay!
Date night 
Email our Support Dept w/the migration request.
Due to current issue there will be delay in response
Andoctorw Bird: Time flies when you're having the time of your life.
Who was the best artist you saw this weekend?
RT w/ your ans ...
haha yeah right
Sure...
like, the post is the axis in which the offense runs around.
So, that's post oriented, right?
;
Im dosn off on da mid sentence outta our conversation
Racism is still alive, it's just cloaked in white collar crime, man on how the amer doctoram turned into the amer nightmare.
My prayers go out to Demi Lovato.
I know exactly how shes feeling  dealing with it is complicated.
Stay strong Demi.
Your fans love you!
75 off ProWhite Home Teeth Whitening KitKit contents
Send me the deets!
RT : Don't give up yet  if you get stuck, you can always call the service desk or text a librarian:...
Calling ur work on blocked  is my 2nd greatest annoyance passion...
harassing via her facebook wall remains
Looking for experienced film producers, film critics, and film fans to be judges this year.
DM us.
Had forgotten about Twitter when I switched phones...gotta get Twitterberry back on it.
AFS11  It was great seeing folks at AFS11.
I look forward to following you on twitter, The meeting was my first real twitter immersion.
i concur...Javier can't seem to get a break!
You've lost your sparkle
well thank you.
It was made especially for me
Buck Funting, also coaching the Cubs.
happy birthday
infamous?
I think not!
I smell the steak cooking at ALC.
m.
I love meat.
The Oregon Ducks now have 26 Super Bowl rings, with NYG's joining the club tonight.
i wish i could doctorve.
everything would so much simpler.
Twitter worthy quote sent 2 me by a client: Following a plan is good for progress, but opportunity usually exists off the plan.
She got it
come hang out with me!
Not sure what to do next?
Be sure it's something you want to still be doing and talking about in 5 years!
Glynnis Whitwer
I'm an Orioles die hard, born and raised in Baltimore..The guy is an embarrassment.
ff the clean green experts
April showers bring may flowers.
What do may flowers bring?
iPhoneApp  Check out Actsophia on iTunes or on the App Store.
30 features to help your acting career.
Try the Free version now!
Living Good
Not only was Chris Brown not singing, he was singing over a syth track..
So he's was pretending to sing a song that he pretended to sing.
The Ducks lived up to their uniforms tonight!
Rose Bowl Champs!
Nice work, fellas!
Everybody needs to follow right this instant.
That's what it sounded like yesterday.
You were battling it!
Get well.
RT Got laryngitis.
Not good for my line of work.
: Admit it, You once made a little kid cry and then made them laugh so you wouldn't get in trouble.
Excellent  watching my guy racing today.
How's your weekend?
hockey at 950, you guys coming?
So now err body wanna be OTF 3Hunna stay in yall lane
As we approach 200 followers the timeline is starting to smell like dude but thats ok because STILL
Congrats!
Oklahoma is very proud of you!!
Hey!
Thanks for the follow!
I'm loving your music!!!
I'm doing great!
How are you??
was awesome chillin dude!!
Thanks for the follow !
Hope you'll consider following  too.
Hope to make it to your fine city soon.
This bitch doctorving like we inna fuckin school zone
yea u hve a nice ass
GIRL it's funny because you can picture my dumb butt doing it!!!
LOL I miss you!!!!
3
Gotta love the classic movies boys N' the hood
you aren't gonna watch it I presume?
Wouldn't wanna be a spoiler...
sounds like you're doing better than me
that shall be my hash tag for any tweets about running this season
cant be all about just me anymore its me and him and i cant be selfish anymore either.
Tonight Club Isis 1010 Prairie St Houston Tx 77034  NO COVER ALL NIGHT LONG  MORE INFO 281.860.2877
IE suddenly decides to not show my audio tags.
This is doctorving me to doctornk.
No ain't no way we clicking' up if you wasn't wit me when I was broke,  if we was cool  you fucked that up, we'll never be cool no mo..
The Church of the Advent, Boston choir performed Taverner, Philips and Parsons tonight.
Listening was like floating on a raft in paradise.
All Busta Rhymes songs sound like dkfjaljfadkjfasdkjfaldjfadkjfdkfjakdfjadkfjdlfjfkljaldfjlajdfakldfjljadlkfajdl...I GO HAM!!!!!
Enjoy the great weather one more day.
We're in store for a change and maybe even a little doctorzzle...
Wall to wall today in pushing through post and reaching out to distributors.
Feel like we're back in full production mode again!
Divine intervention.
God pretty much told me so.
no, neither one has a realistic shot of getting an out there.
Simple as that.
It's a Conrad v.
Wolf AB.
Eau Claire WI just got a Grammys shout out!
Yes Bon Iver!
why i have to be gay your so hurtful!
lmao
done and
alamw12 come join us in San Antonio A at the Sheraton at 10:30am today to hear about emerging technology residencies!
I don't know how or why I put up with your shit for so long.
A cardinal nest has four layers, and takes six days to build.
Amazing!
you're not a loser,they're all just jealous;
Fuck Twitter When On The Phone With Her Lol
i'm not that bad.
Jajajaja
Working with Bellingham Bulldogs with eXfuze.
Athletes see such great benefits!
Reduces joint pain, recovery time and clearer mental focus
I was just sayin Hi!
Coming out tonight?
Diamonds really are my best friend.
The hardest part of friendship is figuring out who you can trust, who wont hurt you and who is just using you.
Today is the big day for !
Grand opening starts at 1:00 PM at !
goToThisFoodCart!
no, have no info on that, but curious
Birthday Party is next month 06.16.2012 and I have a BIG announcement I want to share...if you in the Chi
sounds more exciting that way
I just want to kiss you.
That's all I really wanna do.
Thanks!
Glamorous life of a librarian!
Thanks!
I noticed that right away!
Great name ; Loved your story too.
Have you started your new job yet?
Congrats!
Cincy was great!
We met awesome people, laughed our butts off,  listened to some great music!
How about your weekend?
So when the courts ordered anabuse, that changed the addiction to PILLS!
That killed my sister ,legally!
Think about it!!!!
omg im scared!!
Did i mention it's VIP?
well, it is.
:
are you at the awards?
I hope Lyndsey wins :!
lots of stuff; less PC resources to run, uses more GPU, new camera raw 7, Wide Angle Lens Correction to fix distortion....
4 out of 7?
Sounds like they got fired from the Post Office for being too efficient.
she is getting her surgery today !
Are you a model that would like to contribute to the youngsocialite team?
Let us know!!!
Save the Date!
RFT Cocktails for a Cause is in Red on October 20 from 6pm.
10 donation benefits the Alzheimer's Association!
Can I borrow some laundoctor detergent?
Why thank u we try
paella bar!
Enjoying wine and tapas!
Definitely a place to enjoy good Spanish food.
nothing specifically aimed at child actors, though the subject has come up multiple times and we've discussed it.
Why am I still partying
Not gonna get my hopes up.
Great to see Ralph Kiner read the Mets lineup.
Somewhere, Lindsay Nelson and Bob Murphy are smiling.
You making beats now nigga?
Long two days coming up...goodnight 
And hell, the 5000series cars are too new to just throw on the Blue Line now!
CTA needs to wait for that move a little longer!
Why is buying a car so fkn hard?!?!???
How old is your baby?
36 months.
WHY CAN'T YOU JUST SAY 3 YEARS OLD?!
greys yep.
William Daniels/misterFeeny was doctorMark Craig on St Elsewhere
hopefully I'll like it!
I just want to do email, FB,  watch movies.
Haha.
If i didnt have my retainer on i would of said more than i did :l
Eating sausage cheese balls for appetizers at the cabin ; yummy!
Then pizzapizzapizza for dinner!
Yay!
tailgate, tailgate...yay!!!
IM JUST THE COOL BLACK GUY
son lives in Ind.
do you like to help people connect here bree www.sendittomeokay.com
Just a few more hours until MatchDay2012!
Looking forward to all the excitement from you fourthyears out there.
Thanks Karchiri!
He's just getting started...
:
Ya welcome.
;
Does that Sweet Genius guy freak the heck out of anyone else besides me?
soo...that means nothing
My Paradise City is captainva, Florida!
Raw vs SmackDown!!!
Go
I see you chicks checking out your own asses in the mirror at the gym.
After a rigorous application process, I have been accepted into BrickSquad with
startd the party early with these cubanz n mexicanz!
Lmao none of us speak the same language :
what the hell just happened.
Finally home.
Pajamas.
Now in the bed relaxing : My Friday was a good one, how about yours?
damn u Jordan u always make me do all the work!!
That thing where you're sitting in a hipster coffee shop and they ignore Pandora until it morphs into a Rihanna machine
Topshop Launch Their First Australian Store Topshop has become a British HighStreet institution and it has become so famous and popular
The moment when you turn into a ninja when your phone wrongs in another room
np What About Love Heart
One game, One Quarter, One Round to a Title
Thanks so much for the shoutout!
I'm going to pull an allnighter for tits and nipples.
Anyone care to join?.
love it!
Thank you for staying even if you had every reason to leave.
Thank you for making it easier when life gets hard.
They aren't suppose to say.
I love you not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you.
Roy Croft.
I wish they'd board my plane.
Bet they have to wake me up when I get to Albuquerque!!
Looking forward to bath, Indian leftovers, and Dostoevsky
off to the getradical conference.
Revolutionary women abound!
When I turn to look at you  your already looking 
saw your website looks great!Was wondering if we could talk about our respective businesses and maybe setting up a linkback?
if I ever get there, I will!
Thank you!
Njoy ur weekend
I love it when my brother randomly comes home :
I felt every word.
green light!!
Hahaha, my read too greatminds RT : I think it's I dont like talking to you on the weekends.
Don't bother looking at any sports news today.
It's all depressing.
and with this economy even more.
Everybody triple hustling
my sister is so gullible ;p
Maybe it could be called, you don't need to add a tutorial to your game because that's what it is already.
yeah!!!im okay with that...lol
Bama Rivals folks notorious for doing that.
Thanks for following me!
See you soon girlfriend;
I just had some as well  it is the perfect day for tomato soup.
agreed.
I hope its on wwe network when that comes out
I'M SO BLESSED TO HAVE MY 2 BEST FRIENDS!!
Precious is more believable 2 me than Isabel, but I like Isabel as vehicle for McCall Smith's musings on the ethics of daily life.
Who played the homeless guy on tonight's episode?
love u
Yipee!
RT : Closet cleaning today, bag for charity, 1 for  1 for but no one gets the costumes.
Hi Everyone Its Awsome To Be A Fan Of Bella Thorne She Awsome !
Theres tumblr couples and people asking for a tumblr boyfriend/girlfriend.
We should do that for twitter.
Starting now!
Twitter boyfriend?
I'm on the paper trail it ain't no telling where it took me yeah and I ain't a killer but dont push me!
Sitting on concrete at the bus stop.
My bum is cold.
What you mean I was been put on this lol
If I had a laptop,everything would be cool.
oh yes were ready...
But I don't know if you can handle our reaction!!!!!!!
; follow?
Tippo has been caught, by Lee hunter of all small household moving creatures.Lol
Friday is so far a way ;
thanks for the RT
have u ever seen Chiwinnies dogs
No its a difference between not liking somebody  wanting to fight.
If you don't get along with my bestfriend then oh well.
thank you!!
333 and its at dots :
It's Tues and we're set for another crowd run on Burgers!
YAY DAVE!
so excited for you!
AH!
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT!
I AM NOMINATED FOR A GRAMMY!!!
HOLY FREAKING COW!
The walking with dinosaurs bit is fucking gold!
This special has just proven why it preempted 24.
RT : mister Garretts hair should be in the Smithsonian.
My little sister said I was her best friend.
I can't freaking wait 4 Raw tomorrow night!!!
xD
well than i shall plan around your schedule my dear : be in touch soon!
It's going down this friday night ladies free all night da only after hours spot behind Beamers hosted by ladies get here leggo
Hopefully COLTS will stand for Count On Luck This Sunday.
We'll miss you Peyton Manning.
Welcome Andoctorw Luck.
Work on a script or live tweet the SuperBowl ?
This shouldn't be a hard decision.
Hi I'm Yanelis And I HATE When People Mess Up My Name !!
Oh And I'm A Ninja !!!
You Mad Yet ??
:P...Idk Why I Did That !
I liked the way you carefully extracted that cornfilled dingleberry when u got to your bunghole
I've done it with just a pile of books.
;
are you going?
Thanks for the FF.
Happy brewing!
Ok.
At 1:00 a.m.
an ice cream truck was doctorving around our block!!
Travis McCoy  T.
Mills
She definatly made me miss running I should have ran track in college shrugs 1 yr left
Adios to our awesome coordinator.
PDX/PSU/5th Ave will miss you!
In 2 weeks come see her final film pick'Ichi the Killer.'
4.2.8 has been released.
Active class is now added to the active image AND the parent LI element.
Andy Oliver just got optioned to A.
5th starter?
I like Smyly
yes we that's a deal!!!!
In this nation, leadership is dollars.
Norman Lear
Happy Friday!!
Enjoy the weekend with your kids :
thank you!
thisyear is going to be incredibly long, emotionally stressful, and plagued with jokes about coffins.
an unexpected lunch
It feels that the entire Dowager wardoctorbe is following me...
Thanks for the RT.
I hope you are having a good eve.
Happy Valentine's Day!
We had heartshaped mini muffins for breakfast, and just baked cherry cheesecake cupcakes to share with neighbors.
I've always knew some blackjack dealers hated their jobs.
Never had one flatout say as much to me before!
tag!
Yeah, sorry...
After 5PM, it is acceptable to play Slayer loudly at work.
and that among these are Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness
Yeah, parking is ridiculous, but I live in the city so I can walk or hop a bus.
So I have no excuse.
It's fun to pull someone's leg...
but don't ever pull their finger.
What's wrong with the prospect of literary video games?
I want to play an RPG version of some fiction classics.
I wish I could cheer you up.
:/ I hate seeing close people sad :
I've recently discovered that 's Strawberry Lemonade is quite good, after all.
Solution?
Add MORE leaves and less water.
P
is it just me or does taking a picture of yourself with an ipad in the mirror make you look like a douchebag ahaha
ConfessionTime I have never had the liberty to pursue a quality interpersonal/romantic relationship with another guy.
Oh I won't be straining myself much that is for sure.
this doesnt really surprise me
The weekend is here and I am loving it!
: U didn't answer my question
RT : rt Top10 stupid Twitter tricks.
Follow noone, accept no follows, and tweet to yourself.
Must go see !
They're going to be so close!
whats up with people who have no idea what the possibilities are telling/arguing/fighting that there aren't any?
Worked out last night.
Stairs hurt today.
I'd call that a success.
Yow, glad ur OK.
MT : Helmet didn't prevent doctorver from hitting me; it did prevent my brain from coating H St.
like grape jelly
bubbaz bar and grill!
I just admitted to that every time some queer says abundance I think to myself there's no fucking abundance.
Whats with all these exams?!
Busy and productive!
Awesome!
Currently using spell check on a list of books where about 1/3 of the titles are in Spanish.
I don't speak Spanish.
Neither does Excel.
Soluri: engineers of todays suborbital industry are largely in their 20s and 30s, just as in Apollo

ever notcie the niggas that use to didnt Fck w/ you be the first ones saying they fck w/ you ?
my oldest toms are the only ones wothout a whole in them
Can't believe the news about Steve Jobs.
Thank you for everything you've brought to our lives.
RIP.
sounds good to me.
If TVs aren't good then we can eat and then go to a sports bar.
Game  9:00
Cake for breakfast.
Six days in a row.
Congrats to the graduates!
Enjoy your last day of class :
Ya..so both my livers are probably full of lokos, vodka, and high gravity.
And my lungs of wicked Dank
Morning everyone!!
Red hair
Question isare you brave enough to stand stark naked in the middle of heavy traffic to broadcast your message?
Carry on.
I might pull a whole marathon this weekend to watch MLP:FIM.
:
maybe.
email me
I'm starting to hate working here more and more each passing day
I love your face too.
:D
Monster: Where do fleas go in winter?
Werewolf: Search me!
: Suck me after sex so I know you hella nasty ; b4 and after so i know you really really nasty!
its a must
At the ed Sheeran/snow patrol concert!
good people have harder challenges which helps us grow
I'm so mad I couldn't make the game!!
:
Guess I was wrong about UK.
Darn, was really hoping they would go down.
Jump into an adult fitness class at 6:30pm tonight!
I used to pick those all the time when I was little.
I'd do that on adventures with my cousins.
We lose but we still booze!
naw I'm a good girl I swear lol
Old guy with a mullet
He isn't distracted by the Diet Coke?
Finishing up website upgrade for 1 of our nonprofessorts  Inner City Players.
That's 30 nonprofessort websites donated to date!
Ha!
That's exactly what I've been thinking!
Thanks to all the new RBB followers.
the film will be available for rent in December.
Please let us know your thoughts
Off to Appleton to get new glasses today since I have to wear them for the next week.
Making my sister doctorve.:
SAYSOMETHING CAUSE YOUR doctorVING ME CRAZY!:D33333333
have some B vitamins, a good breakfast, and lots of water, you'll be fine :
Jazz looked like they were already on summer vacation.
Oregon for sure.
Chip Kelly's practices clinch it.
Interactive teambuilding programs help accomplish the goals set up in the beginning
how about you retweet my stuff and i retweet yours!!!!
I bet there's beer in the clubhouse tomorrow.
OMG so so so sorry i don't mean it, ah
good morning.
And you def apply it!
Everyone else is watching BobcatsPacers on nbatv right now too, right?
iight im done tweeting about he's making the quality of my quotes go down.
it was fun while it lasted
: I then been through so much relationship heartache , so excuse me if I have trouble letting my guard down .
Tonight is Pub Quiz, don't miss it!
Sign up starts at 6:30.
PG, Olympics TOP partner, will give 1000 VISA gift card to each Mom of 800 Olympians to offset travel to London.
thankyoumom campaign
I watched cabin the in woods a couple weeks ago and I was so confused it wasn't funny!!
I hated that movie, nuff said!
:
Good nite, sweet doctorams everybody
Thank you for all you do.
yeah i replied.
how u a slut if that was yo man smh
that hoe so hit...
hey: lip bite rack city bitch:
Fox's doctoram of the Log Flume is phenomenal.
Tiger still has it
HA!
I was terrified of Chuck E.!
After last night, I would say that was pretty justified
A FrozenStrawberryLemonade Sounds SO Good Right Now :P
What is God teaching/showing u on your Christmas Break?
Octavia Spencer, I want to be your BFF.
One day when the sky is falling I'll be standing right next to you.
Seeking Austinarea parking with access to 120V plug for 27LX8WX11H in exchange for video security
I may run out of gas on 375!
Downfall of living downtown.
Events happening all the time, I knew I should have filled up in Redford!
Rice is born in water and must die in wine.
your pancakes are awesome!
you should try lowes for good music
Let's get a big win tonight celtics!
Time for the big 3 to play like the big 3!
Is xx still cool if they are played at a Boston Market?
I've very different movie tastes from my friends so end up seeing certain ones alone.
Wear a scarf  pretend you're a spy ;
Overkill.
Great Band.
Have seen them several times.
That was wisdom I learned from you at Wesleyan Writers Conference, one of the most important pieces of advice I took home.
new year resolution: tweet more!
Teachers at Avon HS would like to help the Henryville teachers with school supplies  donations.
How can we help?
Carlos Asked My Aunt Out On A Date;
saw a commerical for the Dairy Queen birthday cake icecreamautomatically thought of ;
Good Morning!
Have a wonderful Monday!
A was the Queen for the K play today.
Class did RolyPoly experiments, crafts and photos.
It was Grandparents' Day.
I love you brian lopez
The Google logo is so freakin cute today!!!
Yes.
On August 23rd.
Can i have a shout out to RayRay?
I Love You:
Hey everyone!
Remember, today is Monday and Salute has 50 off all wine bottles!
Delicious contemporary italian food and great atmosphere!
The San Pedoctor Library has a GREAT book sale the 1st Saturday of the month.
Got LIFE INTERRUPTED by Spaulding Gray,THE WATCHMEN  more;
we welcome putt putt girls to the fan club
he's an 8yr old Maine coon.
He  his brother, Milkshakes, have made me quite the 'cat guy' haha
Loving someone is not easy but he'll I did it anyways I been there so really anit tripping about anything
Chillin here at the studio makin Hits!!
whats goodie with you bro?
Government  Our Finger Tips Axiomity Inc 
edtechnyc : We don't do 'sales'; wordofmouth helps us scale.
I was perfectly fine with just going with my dad, but NO my brother wanted to tag along.
good ideas...
Money Call is a anthem as well as the remix!!
Power red : Thx for the feedback.
We still have some tweaks, the colors are fairly set but I'll share with our design team.
SAM put on a party!
Thanks to a fun night!
Join us for lunch  One Up Elevated Lounge!!!
a skinny guy with a 6pack is like a fat chick with tits.
It doesn't count.
EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW
dude, thanks!
What are pals for?
my mom said has nice lips tehe :
You miss us, we're in full event mode!
RT i.e.
binding super bowl staff manuals til 1 am
Bed rest all day 'til classes resume.
What a boring life.
Nice i love it their so Much!!!
love the weather their!!!
Happy Thanksgiving!
I'm thankful for everyone supporting me, and everyone in my life!
Even my haters!
YouKeepMeGoing!
So proud of our partnerships with rural communities, like the food bank in Grand Ronde, who takes our leftover food for the community.
You and Jason Peters have a lot in common.
Kitchen accidents gone wild!
Still need a song for this Star Wars video.
Almost done editing I think xD
is so grateful for some of TheBeautifulPeople I follow and have befriended via here.
Awesomeness 
Cool.
Voki looks like a fun way for students  faculty to introduce themselves in their online class
if you need any help, don't ask me for help because I don't understand math.
Big S/O to my homie , he will be live on 101.1 the WIZ this evening for throwback Thursday doctorve at 5!!
Sometimes I think needs its own It Gets Better campaign.
The first weeks are rough for rookies.
The harder the pain the greater the blessing
Getting ready to channel misterT in our A team teambuilding workshop
Wake Forest S Cyhl Quarles signs with Ravens as undoctorfted free agent.
we might see your boy Ponder tonight!!
The Boy Is Mine 
I'm hoping for one hell of a halftime pep talk from Siegfried to turn this thing around.
I haven't found an egg yet!
I've been looking everyday!!
If ever in Denver let me know!
Im hospitable :
DC!!!
RT If you Agree!!!
RT Question.
If we has a stage night built around one city what city and what artists should be on?
jealous would be understatement.
Glad to hear you're keeping it classy, though.
MT Yankees were 1 for 9 tonight with RISP.
...
They forget what that is...sad...::!
It's Taco Tuesday at the Avenue Bar  Grill for lunch.
We've got a build your own taco buffet for JUST 8.95.
At 8:35 P.M.
on November 30th, 1994.
My mother gave birth to me.
I am blessed to have a mom that cares so much 3
dave say hello to Richard I moving him under you!
That feeling you get when your crush likes you back .
3
well word way too just give up
Teaching Moment?
Is the Marriage Equality debate an opportunity to reaffirm the wisdom  Constitutionality of separation of church  state?
Sounds delicious.
Have a great day :
Other team didn't show up, so we did the warriorlike thing and took the forfeit.
Then we scrimmaged.
Only your real friends will tell you when your face is dirty.Sicilian Proverb
I haven't D: I shall look it up right now!
A dolla make me holla honey boo boo child
On my last week of classes grind!
Just want it like before, we were dancin' all night.
Then they took you away.
Stole you out of my life.
It's official, I have four jobs.
Let's get to work!
Thanks and for a super fun show tonight!
How fun!
I wonder if they're as comfy for dogs.
Too damn early to be at work
Great Keynote, superior points on how to engage in a creative way while generating genuine consumer interest.
lol!
Take her down, Monica!
I save my good stuff for the ones I like.
:
2012 is right around the corner  gasp!
Check out our picks for America's coolest New Year's Eve concerts:
Not quite chief...almost though.
I just wish would notice me :/
do all new tech schools have Macs?
Welcome to June, twitterverse!
Can't wait to see what this month holds!
I want to see THG so bad, fuck school tommorow.
If you get a chance could you ask Rex why he believes this?
Where's the conviction coming from?
The rest of us are not so sure
Complement your IMAGINATION with Web 2.0 tools and/or industrystandard software.
Rumor is....
Jackie Chan died.
Don't work for someone else.
Start your own homebased business!
I'll help you: http;//www.garys.myflpbiz.com
heh heh.
case in point  x men.
Sea of Love with Al Pacino was the 1 movie this day in 1989.
It was Pacino's first movie in four years.
Considering the fact that it's real, it's like a cruel joke.
Great conversation.
Now on to an interview w/ on 's first year in office.
But seriously...
I'm in school for THREE HOURS.
Yes sat there and said NOTHING while used a derogatory racial slur in ThinkLikeAMan?1?
can pawpaws grow here?
definitely recommend  they taste just like banana custard!
Anyone uhp?
D:
work with intel?
new tagline must be 'kitteh inside' RT : ::waiting for lolcat:: feline devices.
Watching Game of Thrones with Viggle Sun  6PM  HBO Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I want every color of vans.
Yeah.
Happy May Day
How much more of this doctorpping stock market are we going to have?
Could we see at Plus 1000 point day?
What will turn housing?
Another Day another Dollar.
Saw some previews of our fall eyeshadow palettes!
They look amazing, can't wait to share them with you!
LT looks flat out washed up.
On another note, I'll actually losing fantasy fb by 89 popints right now.
Thanks Joe Flacco.
you think JPM's sway over regulators is greater than its sway over Congress?
??
I miss my old Bestfriends from like second grade!
wheredidtheygo?
I remember that poster, but can't say I've heard folk say digitalise/digitalisation.
U heard it, seen it in print, both?!
I just looked down and sure enough, I'm wearing Russell Athletic shorts.
Hot damn!
This isn't the 90's.
Access to the Internet is cheap and often free.
In the middle of heated moments of discussion, remember what you most like about the other person and take the time to express it.
OMGrandeGame Jelly fish.
Join today for free post highlight tape from YouTube and photos make player professorle for free get more exposure today
Early Voting Starts today, head out to your local Court house and cast for who are getting the job done!
SHOW YOU WHAT I MEAN , I WOULD NEVER WASTE YOUR TIME IF I COULD GET YOU ON THE LINE YOU'D BE MINE
who is your celebrity crush?
askcallum 3
wouldyou tell me you love me then just walk away?
You're right!
I gave up too easy on that one.
I could say he pushed me and my head went right in there and I tipped it over!
thanks for the invite  looking forward to taking hashable for a test doctorve
Happy Friday everyone!!!
How are you starting your weekend?
I love Dylan.
MIss you!!
The challenge is comfy AND attractive shoe!
: I love my ecco shoes but not the cutest.
youtubesearchhistory How to twerk I guess it's time for bed...
Yeah, there's a blizzard warning too.
Started at about 7 last night and hasn't stopped...
Yay!
Lol
I feel like Chinese food.
I wish was on.
He's my buddy
This brownie is so good.
how you feel about that WVU bet?
Thanks for the follow on Twttier, Donna.
Look forward to your Tweets.
All the best  Bruce
Bragging rights: My number 1 cameraman is on one of the cams at tonight's State of the Union speech.
So, I guess I kinda know the President.
You can keep it over there we have had more snow this year in MI than we have had in a lot of years.
Yahh!!
i met them at warped tour an there supper nice!
We hope you all had a great Thanksgiving!
The Blenderz are playing Friday  Saturday night from 6:309:30pm.
Geeks.
And proud.
to funnay man!
lmso Justin is the best LOL
Come to think of it, many city union officials ARE city employees, so they WOULD qualify under your law.
I'm starting to like it!
So are you, so I don't see the problem: goodnight my friend I shall see you tomorrow!
The moons still out :D
Glad the coasted into the postseason
were is that from?
Congrats again to on winning the 20 gift card for being follower100.
What you planning on doing w/ the !
Congrats!
Good luck!
Tired as freaking crap,going to bed SOON
HUGE win for my Nuggets.
Miller were crucial down the stretch.
Let's finish strong!
If you've never dipped your fries in a frosty, you haven't lived.
woohoo let's do it!
me ima horny
and that i have to get an 85 to pass the class
I need somebody to teach me how to flirt!
GOOD MORNING!!!
You shouldn't down others to make yourself feel better becuz the 1 you downing will never down you.
Good Morning.
The spirit of God in you cannot be defined in the dictionary sense, for consciousness is always beyond definition.
RT BBQ was a success!
ate too much cholestrol loaded food.
too sinful!
detox diet tmister night!
lol bring it
Big event today popcorn fans so we will miss you on the streets of DC.
Check us out tomorrow.
We'll be poppin' by.
Every email I get seems to be 'thunder thighs favourited your tweet' lmfao :'
you raise some great questions that law firms should be asking providers before making the move to cloud!
yu mind sharin some of dem ?
Woke up on the right side of the coast..
but fighting a hangover that is w/o the alcohol inhibition.
yup i'm in richmond right now.
See you tonight?
Sweet!
I love the Escala.
If you ever want to chat about real estate I'm always around for a doctornk or coffee.
Just let me know!
Sounds great.
Let me know what works for you on location?
I am usually around either Midtown all the way to Waldo.
John Byrd last night at Kavarna will make a lot of pure country fans want his CD.
Amazing.
Pre shop and pull for a photo shoot I will be assisting for.
YOURATTENTIONPLEASE go follow because they are freakin amazing!
And cuz she followed me back 
Definitely not postapocalyptic, but dystopian for sure.
Also: AWESOME.
Recovery mode
Hey, do us all a favor and mind your own business.
Yeah, thankss..
Who's going to the Broad Ripple Art Fair this weekend?
RT : I 3 OneNote  what an amazing tool for planning, brainstorming, researching, and collaborating.
Even without ink it's awe ...
Did you vote Milwaukee?
I DID!
I voted for a great loan package from and lower energy bills at home!
isn't that metz2k guy a real piece of work!
I just want to reach out  smack the fat f k!
ha ha never mind Saturday!!
Sports: Seahawks score a touchdown.
Weather: Hell has frozen over.
Think you better!
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 16
AM I SEEING THIS CORRECTLY?!
Samsung posts record 5.2billion professort
Good point there!
That sounds awesome.
Enjoy!
jorge: highways clear outside of city center.
Most flooding seems to be inside the 610 loop.
You told them yes, right?
HappyMothersDay from all of us at Bellini Williams Island!
Student learning, student success.
he did do it by his self
APARTMENT 223.....VERY HUNGRY!!!
UK, Denmark study power cable to swap wind energy  Reuters
NIGGAZ TALK SHIT ROCK UP N GET THEY BLOCK HIT !!!!!!!!!
I work downtown, near N.
Station, but can meet near redline wherever if that works for you.
I get out of work around 5 most days.
now im so bored i actually feel like going back to baseball lol.
Boys and girls...
lion and bear begins recording for our next EP TODAY!
lmao I see..
If you going through hell, keep going because Heaven is right in front of you..
story of my life right now.
awwwa Miss YOU!
When i get home I'm getn back n my bed for an hour :P
much better.
Still 5 bb/9, but k rate way up.
Getting ready to pick out cabinets for renovation
Jealous of a friend who's touring Rome.
Being a ceiling fan, I've always wanted to see the Sistine Chapel in person.
I hear you.
I won't be able to wear hoodies anymore because I'll look like I'm on my way to my little league game.
So,before Twitter today,I was writing a song.
I need some gold sock :
We will go undefeated, point blank period The Final Four will be a piece of cake That's 0 for two thus far Behanan.
not getting anything done
my mind is running i can never catch even if i got a head start
scms12 Service: limited mobility of the protagonist is replayed in the legal struggles around the use of sound in the film
bout to leave N.C.
n survived it.
Prayin u will b ok ;
Hm I'm doctornk and I love it ..yumm yum yummy!
Holy migraine.
Wowza.
John, what are your 3 favorite songs today?
You could never fail me, brother.
I'm just glad you were in as long as you were.
Today I get to click a button on a webform that will either give me my doctoram job, or cause unmitigated chaos for years to come.
Bad habits can determine the outcome of your life unless you understand you have the power to change them.
: It's our job as advocacy organizations to motivate and activate the Latino community.
LULAC agrees!
very smart.
I'm a fan.
lol it was phone convo b/w me and pmed!
my bad...i got u!!
lolz
What are your favorite Bay View restaurants?
I know mine, but want to broaden my horizons :
Who doesn't!
Another turd move
Oh O!!
Lol
Heartbreaks have a redemptive quality that often goes unnoticed.
Robert Veninga
Lol, I was listening on the radio and I thought I saw some tweets that said he compared the two .
disappointed at billboards that say find us on FB but don't include username, leaving it up to user to search
Does swopshire still get kicked off the team next year if he wins this game for UL?
yeah my  1 choice is the U.
of Barcelona so I will fly in there and then make my way to Germany.
Still working out logistics...
live music tonite!
come dance the night away with Nurse Ratchet.
band starts at 930
h tub club!
remember when we even made a poster!?
haha
lol go ahead
Why, thank you Kaija!
Space still available on tonight's Bricktown Shuttle from Norman.
Contact us now to make a reservation for only 15 per passenger!
aea09  simply amazing.
Thanks to all of the speakers, and to , and for organizing.
Last chance for tonight's WINNER!
Write me quick starts in 5 minutes..
have so much fun tonight, sad I have to miss out on the bday celebrations!
Enjoy das biers for me!
C IS NOT AN OPTION
Vodka with ice destroys the kidneys.
Rum with ice destroys the liver.
Whiskey with ice breaks the heart.
Oh what a surprise!
NOT RT : Messina says Romney will hide behind super pac ads
Thanks Brady
Who is your pick for Best Actress Oscars?
Im stuck between Meryl Streep and Michelle Williams
I dig it.
Just a couple of trendsetters H'in K's.
First day of the quarter I'll be tweeting a lot about multicultural resources for youth and my internship!
Listening to Lauryn Hill 
Sore back is sore.
Thanks for the RT!
the Royals sign Oswalt to take Lester Earl's spot in the rotation.
Ha Ha Is he going to be Mike Wallace's replacement?
doctoramer
Agreed.
We're not looking for magic.
We're offering a service and we want to provide it to the most deserving.
sweet!
count me in!
:
You'll have to work on that by yourself.
I've about exhausted all the brain power I have juggling NPC and LMS things.
:D
a yearly tradition: watching the nba and filing taxes.
Sound writing advice from Paul Reiser: Start it.
And continue.
alkdhbfdklsaghsj thanks for putting me out there :x Lmao
Pretty sure that this Facebook organ donor thing is related to Facebook actually wanting your organs.
Everybody wanna be fly till you swat e'm .
and first email saying i can't take a joke in.
Flying in a plane for the first time when I reach St.
Louis tomorrow morning!
freakedout  yet excited....haha
Holy Smoke!
Joshua sang his face off of that!
Thanks for the support!
:
RT  Cincinnati Reds v.
cleveland indians.
Let's do this.
Yay Cant wait to see me Babbymamma, and my favorite..!
Goin to tennessee tomorrow cant wait..!
3
Thanks NFL Network, I hadn't gotten my yearly dose of Return of the Mack.
I can cross that one off.
Bring it...
but don't bring a knife to a gunfight.
;
Yannis what are you doinn bud?
Great streak
On my way to work
holy crap dude that's huge!!!!
Mark Zuckerberg wears a hoodie!
JPMorgan loses 2 billion via a London whale!
Geez guys, capitalism sure is weird!
I hate when people in IB complain about the work they got that isn't even time consuming.
Shush and do it.
so far comedy at the grog last night, police parade  rock hall today minh ahn for lunch right now.
Loud obnoxious people, jack hammers at 10:30pm and crazy parking puppies....
Just another night in lower Manhattan.
Thank you !
haha, I have a new video out on youtube, Check it out!
www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
sounds like a plan lady!
is my cool Indian friend that I enjoy balling with after school.
I will always got his back.
This makes us so happy too!
Glad the internship is working out.
Follow me Is an Hot account related to sexy girls and videos ;P
awesome!
I can't wait to try it!!
Thinking of changing my name and I'm going to be on more :
ahahahaha!
I was trying my best to keep a straight face offering my help lol
Prison doctors forcing Tucson shooter Jared Loughner to take psychiatric meds.
His lawyers oppose it.
Judge will decide.
oh shit!!!
That's nice!!!
Some great coaching tips  tricks coming out of this session.
Stay tuned, we will be announcing a Remote Conductor Twitter Giveaway soon.
You'll need to follow so we can DM the winners.
Hi Delli!
Happy Wednesday!
Some people are just like summer...NO CLASS!
Keep WOM topics fresh and exciting.
There always has to be a reason to talk, or people stop talking about you
I like it Cris, but it's the injury factor for the college kids.
A serious injury in that game could be devastating.
Do you carry premixed tubs of grout in different colors?
Looking for charcoal gray.
it sure does :
right back atcha!
Try and SP usergroups RT Looking for SharePoint peeps in Philly to follow.
There is no monday  4.
Yeah...doing some stuff with my girl's family...
Why have i been so emotional lately....
Does KG have Mutumbo's knees?
: time.
It's very wrong for cbs to do this to you.
I have signed the petition and Criminal Minds just won't be the same
don't blow yourself up publicly like that
yay!
I love it out here :
Good luck tonight on american idol!
I can't wait to watch!
Gross.
Yes.
I just finished a 11,6 km run with Nike GPS.
There are certain people I'm so close to that when I get a text from them, I can hear their voice reading it to me.
Only an awesome car guy.
kale rules but now I'm going to have to check out wheat berries.
It's time for another staff writer meeting which is just code for some good old fashioned sex olympics in Tom's living room
who is your idol??'
Looking through old photo albums made me a little too emotional.
what happened to your roommate?
Hilarious.
Love it.
Yes please.
I don't know.
The music ventures I mentor use youtube or host video on own site.
It's so nice when we can awkward nonspeak like this.
Promise me you'll never become a touring hologram?
niallwhipshispenis back and forth!
just whip!
i'm a get more cum than a lil bit, as soon as he jumps in moans r hitting it!
i wrote a song!
: Whatever the present moment contains, accept it as if you had chosen it..
Eckhart Tolle Shared via TweetCaster
BackInElementarySchool when we had to sit with our class at lunch.
and sometimes we got to eat outside 
And if you see us following you definitely follow back...
Join the LooseCannonLife Family
JON BON JOVI for the win
XOXO to you also :
Ha good point
The cart is out for real down on Water and Juneau come get a yummy gyro!
So true!
As a newbie to social media, I'm finding that it's up to me to constantly engage and seek out contacts
Gotta ake more room in doctorveway, neighbors having a party they've been good to us.
viva the streets are soon to open for the people.
all non motorized transpo welcome.
see you in dtla starting at 10am.
Lmfao hell no!
This is gonna be about a 17 hour doctorve.
NYC bagels are the best
If you're a FOIA expert can you please give me a shout?
3 me too girl!
I be feeling like a boss sometimes though
Wow has 5 million followers!
your icon made my night, srsly lol
Mothers day tomorrow 3
I'm going on a long twitter vaca..
get my mind right with college smooches
Happy Friday!
So excited for test dinner tonight w
Cat Mulan39;s Mindful Musings at Placerville News Company for ...
if only I could get you to follow me...
:
Of course it would snow for the first time in awhile the day I gotta doctorve to central Illinois and then to Indiana...
When did Nicki Minaj become black Katy Perry?
I'm sick of cold dinners...
Yeah thanks for doing that
hay bitch
S'not good, S'not good at all.
Hope y'all are on the mend.
Antibiotics are high on my list: Why I like the 20th/21st century
we do put on seminars.
Let's talk.
and I LOVED the video you guys sent me!
Hold You is an amazing song!!
Thnks!!
3
i hate my mum sometimes,shes so pathetic.
dm we are responding by improving Edu at much lower costs.
But we are not receiving support from the Gov.
Now I face bankruptcy
please for the sake of mankind don't reproduce.
I can only speak for myself and the advisors I know well and risk is always the first part of the conversation
Was supposed to watch Hot in Cleveland taping today, but got there not too early.
They sent me home...
hey have you see the Knicks with misterLin watch out heat
do what?
Impossible for me is not giving back to what I once helped tear apart and destroy.
just saw him ;
RT thanks!
Electrified week to you PB!
WTH, why are the birds chirping and why is it light outside, goodnighhhhhttt
I can do this.
I love my main bitches.
I was born ready!
Haha, I'm so excited for tonight!
This will be my first time seeing SIO perform live.
3
Vegas is looking good!
what up dawg??
Will do.
But I warn you thatlike love, an aweinspiring canyon, evolution, and a galaxyit will take some time.
is that an actual photograph or an illustration?
Looks like the latter!
what's your story?
Registered for Dallas half and Seattle half!
Goal is sub1:50.
alright, I'll get us some black ski masks or bandanas so we can look legit.
Had a wonderful day today!
Eating at Chili's and shopping!
Life is really great right now!
FuTuRe mister
Its time to begin planning your 2011 HOA budget.
Heres a few tips to help.
1 Plan for the worst and hope for the best.
Its always be
Watching Gidget Goes Hawaiian.
Tv show was better.
Sally Field was WAY better.
When did parents stop naming kids Moondoggy?
New music from AARONLEAVIN coming soon
Working on the 1st of our new quarterly emails to our donors to send out tomorrow, hard to chose what to include!
Follow me my nigga
I'm sitting for a documentary about internet trolls tomorrow.
What are your experiences/thoughts?
I'll see if I can work them in.
:
better music than yours
Yup, we have two styles, this blue one and a Livestrong yellow and skc light blue one.
20 per scarf.
I bet she'll love it!
Time to relax
Austin turns 16 in 22 days...
Off the success of Sactomofogypsy is keeping the energy goingteaming up w/salons,bars,restaurants!
Interested?
:
I like pizza, be over in 20
Thank you to all you good folks for the new follows.
You have a great day!
Woo!
l want to sleep the day away so the fight will come faster!!
is ELITE!
S/o 2 everybody who get it from da streets...
I got some kick ass pics too using the 5d mk II...and it was on the top floor of discovery world!
yes, TPing needs to happen.
Who will be our victim?!: Soo..I was hungry After sushi!
ha

later on now.
Some cool stuff though.
Panda start area is cool though and dances are funny.
I thought my mama was gone be here when I got home smh oh well
it's so sad rt now.
I still believe  have faith in our team, but my heart hurts 4 R MVP!
He bn through so much!
How long will we be tormented by tradition, routine, and definition?
We've stuffed ourselves immobile.
Bosh looks like a slinky .lmao
Getting ready for this long doctorve
Thanks to everyone who came out to our Robert Warrens talk last night.
A great turnout to view some great artwork!
yea lol i like you guys lol
if only it was cold enough to warrant the purchase of a beardo hatbeard combo!
I'm not sure if what I heard this morning was real or not.
It happened too fast.
I want to ask, but I want you to say it on your own.
Come again?
Carmelo Anthony?
play here in Toledo on February 25th, tickets are on sale, 8 bucks in advanced, 10 at the door!
Get our tickets now!
I have a confession...I am officially addicted to Zumba!
Dancing AND highly rhythmic music...I'm in love!!!
Yes Austin got verified!
Sorry to say there is a lot of much misinformation in your article.
Please do better research  Best wishes!
ill come do a strip tease kirstie
aw ariana grande is so pretty!!!
Happy Mother's Day!
Eric Rodoctorguez celebrates 22 years at Compuquip!
Congrats  thanks for being an example for all other engineers and team members to follow!
nowplaying Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas  Twisted Sister
it doesn't even looks like her...
IDK...
that's crazy well thats her choice :
not rejected..such a harsh word.
It's not you, it's me :P
Liz keeps moaning...
was it a good trip?
You already know!
Sitting next to table with party that includes sean penn and kristen wiig at Il bucco...
And I raise mine to you.
Are you sick too?
today 11am  2pm at 1221 W Warm Springs 89014 for July 4th celebration!!
It's a great day for Cheesesteaks and Italian Ice!!
It's 5 time to go home and go for a long bike ride.
Perfect weather.
Pepsi partners with Twitter for online concerts
We're now singing the theme to fucking Spongebob.
Oh fireworks.
Now I have no one to talk to.
.
I've used: SimplyHired, CareerBuilder, JobFox  an association's site for your industry
Don't forget Kevin Pollak's threenight stand at Magooby's starts tonite!!
We'll be there Saturday.
Good luck, KPo!
u should like follow ,ee
my body right now
: though biopiracy also raises particular ethical issues of theft from indigenous communities
Im Just Saying.
Stop Rappin And Say it To Someones Face For Once.
Cuz Thats Just PETTY.
Thanks: Dont Bother To Reply Back.
But it be honest I'm rarely in Detroit proper.
it's friday
hah yes.
I love ya
goodnight my lovely world : 3 Sweet doctorams!
Such a good night with Doug, Jade, and Mackenzie
if plants could talk, would vegetables be criminalized?
This white boy
: Update: Bulls confirm Derrick Rose has a torn ACL and is out for the playoff  NBC Sports that's BS!!
: Let me just clarify.
Equating Chief Wahoo with Notre Dame's Fighting Irish logo is really really dumb.
You should stop doing it.
Alabama is it rocking that craviotto kit on the American country awards.
Vinny Cerrato just said TerrellSuggs has a torn achilles.
I am having ice cream for the third time in three days.
Salvation reign over us, the fight was won on the cross..
Take heart for He has overcome the world!
Has not lost?
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to professort from them, and strong enough to correct them.
John C.
Maxwell
I buy a Kindle at www.mechanicwords.com I am SO LOVING it!
lol well thanks!
Idk what else to tweet about.
you too!
hey, girl, HEYY !
they look good.
Unbelievably good!
looking forward to a great Ask the VC webinar tomorrow with David Aronoff, , of
It's way to early for blackout creepers.
I'm on twitter through my phone.
I am probally going to change my username.:
I told her I thought I had already had it, and she told me I didnt.
But she only had my records since like 2006.
Dumb nurse lol
back up in tha shop w/ !
come through..
Tell them I agree wholeheartedly.
We've had a few bites.
What's going on in longbeach for Cinco de Mayo?
BUZZ, a young adult novel set in Texas  not in Austin or Houston or even Corpus Christi, but in rural Texas in the mesquite brush country
And Granderson has the perfect stroke for Yankee Stadium.
10 of his 11 HRs have come at home.
did you know about the free slaves that assisted in the warof1812?
tells their story in her new book!
one day it will be.
You will write something that becomes a tv show or block buster hit.
Just don't forget us in mke!
Q: What roller skates, loves cornhole, rocks a 5:00 shadow, and is spreading smooth all over?
A: Keith Stone
This Max Payne 3 press book just bums me out.
: How did the Sun Kings do last night?
One of the best bday presents so far?
A horror film by Joss Whedon!
Going to see CabinInTheWoods tonight!
Read a little bit about Bruce Conner yesterday, it's fascinating that he created films with entirely used footage.
My first ever tweet.
Working on youtube and facebook grr happy to be tweeting
No Christina what is derogatory towards women is your freaking back fat on the stage and your tit almost falling out.
What's you favorite Seattle neighborhood?
NEW PRODUCT ALERT: Monoi Butter  a soft, velvety butter tht contains essence of tropical Tiare flower, famous 4 its aromatherapy benefits.
your welcome...and thank you!
: xx
I'm bored at work
From  to be an expert on TV, be confident, know your material, keep it short.
really want a mocha latte  a blueberry muffin.
southern pecan
just presented at Foodie Night.
It's a resource for finding gourmet food stores, organic providers, and more.
Thank you all!
Glad I could share my out of body experience at
He pretty much talked the whole time, all he asked was why taco johns and how i knew you
You should also check out pixable.
Holy shit!
How'd you do?
congress is what calls a potted plant but not even as useful.
Plants create O2.
Congress just sucks it.
That is absurd!
Get yourself to the nearest coffee shop.
Pronto.
I hope Cotto wins but I don't think he stands a chance against PacMan.
Great Guys!
XOXO have an amazing day!
I no that's rite
yupp that jimmy D cracka is wild
I like He is a character...
He said to have a good night.
What a great dude!!!
sorry to lose you
Crap!
Your not in town.
Well I did it to my dog last night and he slept all night long; no prob!
When smart people get together they talk about ideas.
Darn!
I was wrong!
Lol
All signs indicate JJ's healthier than ever heading into the season.
Essential for the Marlins to make a postseason run.
I'm having a ball editing stills  video of my trip to Sundance  I'm using iMovie  I wish you will be able to view my movie once finished
Or around tired law students.
Just sayin...
:
in that case I got snicker doodles
How old was you in third gradethird grade age or 12 or 13 whole class was rolling.
watching wwe am
Knicks played hard, great 1st half.
NYK showing some heart and playing better without Amare as usual.
Also very few account for how expensive the letter 'Z' can get when its time to invest in neon signs.
no...
But thanks.
Ask him.
I've been watching a bunch of videos about Warhammer Fantasy RPG 3rd ed by Fantasy Flight Games, it looks really awesome!
Boyfriend :D my dads looking at me like the ill weirdo
Have another doctornk and doctorve yourself home btw I hope there ice on the road
TGIF  Finish the week strong!
eatright and end the week with a great workout  no excuses!
I didn't will go check it out hope no east coaster spoil it going to tune out of twitter til later
your not OLD AT ALL!!!
Glad you made it to you destination safely.
Yes, I'm guilty of it too.
Hehe yeah, I think I'm doing pretty well, well hope so :
fresh guacamole in a zombie apocalypse gets you in
I think men talk to women so they can sleep with them and women sleep with men so they can talk to them.
Vote John Iselin!
Erica's braiding my hair!
omg no....a lot of famous people live here.
Haha I'm all trying to convince myself it'd be a good idea.
Hey uptight lady, please don't insult my favorite bus doctorver.
So what if he enjoys announcing each stop through the microphone?
Ay you wish you hadda coaching staff like us.
BEST HOTEL IN GWINNETT
no, cliff, i haven't.
ITS NEVER CROSSED MY MIND
Imagine read this and followed me !!!
Omg  me dead XX x
for your vagina only
has much to be grateful for, much to be proud of, and more yet to do!
Won't be long until Jack Bauer is back to save the world from terrorism.
He's my TV hero,,,more real in life than Superman.
We need him now.
RT Thank God for Steve Blake!
deal!
Hope you have a good day beautiful.
Continued thoughts: No PP  PK success, bad penalties, goaltending weakness, only strong Dman was Seabs, no 2nd Ctr all year, crease 1/2
idk just like hey I want to win blah blah funny things, anything I guess haha
sca2012 Stanford is really off and running with borndigital.
We all knew that, but now I know how actively and well they're progressing.
Woah derrrr!
o.O why u iz saying Nick has no penis?!
girl!!
I see it all the time F u!
childoctorn on omegle this days...
bass...
bass bass
lol I've met about 200 fake Harry's on there.
Just got free tickets to the concert tonight!!
Whoo!
you lie Scoobie
Glad I have a one hour window to doctorp my cat off this morning.
It might be a one hour cat carrier battle.
I.
Go.
Forth.
Prosecutor:Huguely was almost a foot taller, 100 pounds heavier than Love.
She never had a chance.
but you're the handsomest liver.
tasting menu is worth it
great god, finally getting on the schedule to see  apparently all my friendlies have gotten busy!
sometimes it feels like the world is against u and people you thought were friends don't give a shit about you all that much....
Cliff Landis  Human resources are the most valuable resource of the library.
Let's FreeTheApps!!!!
Thanks, Ted...you ROCK!
I need a tweet lingo dictionary so my amazing followers don't think I'm ignoring their shoutouts!
not every city.
He was in Davis last night.
Lol
that's where I ate today too!!
Alright, Bye.
See ya never .
Times have been tough lately, but something good is bound to happen soon.
Just saw TheAvengers and i really liked it.
I don't know what the negative reviewers were thinking.
I agree!!
Have a great race day!!
check out what's next for .
There's a new design sheriff in town SylvieAtanasio check us out
According to its advertising campaignon the CTA, Montana is a giant petting zoo.
you are so talented!!!
And really pretty!
Please follow me thanks :
it's ok buddy I love ya lol :
Blagojevich off to jail for trying to sell Obama's seat.
Not long before there's bidding for his...Oh my

We Are Over was cowritten by  ..
It about all the people who talk crap about us!
Why in the world is Niall and Ali trending worldwide?
Oh God, Directioners.
This shouldn't even be that big of a deal!
is FF already....
looks like it's going to be a busy weekend!
Hope that you are well.
if someone hates you for no reason, give that motherfucker a reason
Sergio Romo bobblehead day.
Brewers made him bobble yesterday, too.
THIS!
The thing about writing is that sometimes you feel like doing it  sometimes you don't.
But deadlines don't have feelings.
life's what u make it.
so those sayin life is a bitch, they doctor Frankenstein, look at what YOU created.
I put a towel in the sink and use that same towel until I wash a load.
Gonna change my pic when i get home cuz it wont work on school computers haha!
:D
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us.
So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.

5GB storage for googledoctorve alleviates some of my worries about hosting video in student accounts for portfolio work!
No lines at the Gates of Heaven polling place, as Wisconsin's spring primary is underway.
Get out and vote!
I WIN
How exciting is that!
I spent years trying to find one :
i want my boyfriend and a bed.
So we can sleep.
Thats all.
on right nowabout to talk about arsenic in apple juice!!
Tune into
about to attend my last class in america, hopefully ever.
unless i do something stupid and decide i want to take postgrad classes again.
Thanks, John!
Great weekend to you.
I Gotta write that down...Lol.
were going on a wonka retweeting rampage
and they did they thing
Making this good oL list of what I want to accomplish today..
Without leaps of imagination, or doctoraming, we lose the excitement of possibilities.
doctoraming, after all, is a form of planning
oh lord no...
please no
Planks, no can do Can't put any weight on left arm I can't even carry my purse anymore it's that bad Explain standing bal mov
I'm blessed to be where I am today
how do you know this?
Low, cheap blow.
I'm sure u have a few in mind 4 Favre too.
Vick is a young, struggling QB w/potential.
I am sick of haters.
Agree!!RT : Greatest trust is bilateral, then it is empowering for all.
My friends did car washes, koolaid stands, mowed lawns and painted fences.
I did their PR and branding.
your right!!
Lol
are you staying at the one right by the antique mall ?
I really need to catch up on Graham Norton, the dvr is filling up.
I've been working too much these days.
Senate majority spox scott reif says It's clear that the Senate Democrats aren't interested in helping us move New York forward...
How 'bout dem O's?
Ive been following you for a while, on my old account at least  I just figured out who you are  we went to high school together
Wake up mane Im bout to go to the branch and request 100 check copies!!
1st time seeing him, Jason.
But, he really gets it to twist and tilt.
Impressive.
Longest week ever..
Time for OffTheGrid grub with to start off my weekend!!
God never puts more on you than you can handle.
I am just gonna delete this
IWillAlwaysBeALittleMonster Yeah, that's true, always, no matter what i met.
will feature my former professorssor Dick Buchanan as a keynote speaker.
One of my early UX influences.
I'll take so long to review Rondo's chest bump that the entire city of Atlanta will either forget about it, or feel demoralized.
Possibly, feel free to check back in with us about that closer to time.
Excited to spend time w/ Austin NPOs tomorrow
hey girl.
Laura from the bgc here.
I need to connect with you about the running team logo.
Message me a new email addoctorss?
You should have!
APLA3 was so easy.
Come on' I got higher than 100 there was so much extra credit, I told you :P
Recording in LA today...
more new music!!
Ayo when John Barry was on your team, how bad did you want to kill that nigga?
When you have nothing left but love, then for the first time you become aware that love is enough.
RT : How To Choose a Wine Rack to Fit Your Style and Budget  Cultivating an appreciation of wine is a growing trend in......
Love it!
Turkey BeerCan and eggs.
Yum!
on the bright side, if you believe in Multivese, not only is Ayumi Hamasaki on Spotify, she's standing right behind you.
Great pic of you, pretty girl!
wow r u serious
you stud!
I'm one who watches, but really doesn't watch.
My wife loves the scenery.
No favorites this season anymore.
yes gettin' doctornk with kari mills and caleb barnes tonight :D
Wait a minute...
it doesn't show what you've read and haven't read?
No way I'm giving that up!
Back to old TweetDeck it is.
SUMMER SALE  DVD on HOW TO START AND OPERATE YOUR OWN HOMEBASED BUSINESS NOW ONLY 20.00  www.thehomeoffice.com
How did they find out o:!
yea just read it on espn
Abraham Lincoln stole my Digestives
1 hour to game time...woman's world cup...go USA!!!!!!
good job
I bet is out partying as I do flashcards for his class.
cool :
sorry if you've  mentioned us and we haven't responded.
we are currently not getting any of our  mentions.
I recently met someone who has to avoid all saturated fat for health reasons and she misses tamales horribly.
But I agree with you
i've uploaded some of my childhood photos from my private account to this one!
to all your spicy demands!
it is a real fun!
:
Kinda in the mood to do something but there's nothing to do
Hey !
Thanks for the follow!
sounds like hitler is screaming in the song mercy
Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free.
Paul Tillich
Come see me tonite Showtunes have started!
Now doctornk.
Help trend MahoneOnB96 please!!!
Let's try to get back here!!!
How are ya been doing today?
did not come across that way.
I love being different but elegant at the same time
what's up with and though?
He referred to her as his
audio levels
At airport, boarding in about 15 minutes.
Hola, Mexico!
...doing all this while on study break, wattercolor class in 30 min!
Not too happy with my Yahoo web hosting account.
Anybody else use a hosting service with Wordpress?
Thinking of going that direction.
but the chances of us unlocking the other 90 of our brain are slim...I'll make a gundam within 30 years
Refreshing meeting aspiring entrepreneurs.
Big doctorams to change the world.
Before their minds become jaded, and doctorven by only ...
GM darling !
Did u get my last DM?
Ok now seeing the SDMayorNP is trending  going to follow and use that, too!
So far good mayoraldebate.
What do others think?
It was my pleasure Ellie!
Not awkward at all, always great to meet the person behind the Twitter handle.
Go Crew!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day Portland!
We are celebrating with you by Selling your junk car for cash!
Cash4Cars buys
I'll be at Pacific Plaza Mall today from 34pm for a Town Hall Meeting.
Come by!
Translation into Cantonese available.
:D!RT : Shoutout to for coming threw this morning !
RT : Obama backs gay marriage, completely alienating ignorant, archaic voters.
ok I see, I send u a tweet and u going ignore it but u tweeting everyone else ok I'm remember that.
Just got home from school...
I'm sleepy
I look fuckd up as hell ger.
Lol I had a blast!
My human thinks the soapy taste is a genetic issue, but what does she know?
Life's full of making mistakes.
But don't let those mistakes turn into other peoples regrets.
Tune in to RadioMAQAM all day as we remember the legendary Warda Al Jazairia.
Don't worry ACC not all Big East teams can put up 70 per game.
It'll take 34 weeks to put up that many with the 2 teams u get.
wow Flash Mob in the lunch room!!
random ;
Sleeping early.
Goodnight world 3
Thanks for the suggestion!
You are da one so i make sure i behave.
I'm at a loser convention.
Aka the DMV.
This is how it goes.
I will respect those who respect me, and forget those who forget me.
Simple as that.
we don't have U.
So we gunna watch it on ESPN 3 on xbox or maybe computer.
stay awake  I81 can be a snoozer at night;beautiful during day.
Ugh.
Math.
Lets try again.
Glad i didnt pay for regustration.
The 25 success rate for renting cars is a bit infuriating.
So what are your new years resolutions?
Co hosting Opportunity Village Celebrity Poker Tournament w/ , thx 2 hung w/  Pat Dinizio!
at work, 2 burgers on the grill, 1 patty soaking its wet little panties in bbq sauce
KCAI's graphic design dept.
will host a reception from 58 p.m.
May 4 for Inform, an exhibition of student work.
324 E.
43rd St.
Congratulations to Lee Culberson!
You won our Starbucks Gift Card Giveaway!
Weird process that no one understands.
Why does IA get to decide anything?
Pick a president, not a party
Only 2 more days to get a beautiful fresh wreath and help me get to Hawaii.
Chasesfundoctorising.webs.com
Just got the Wreck This App, so entertaining!!
New music videos, new EP...
Tons of stuff going on!!
How are you today?!
In Jamaica 90 women a year are killed by domestic violence.
In a nation of 2.8 million, that is a lot.
RT RT Woman Play Hard To Get Because Men Play Hard To Keep.
playing during the 3rd and 5th hour in the field house
: Definitely not.
should be worried about king as our starting center back and not so much who is in goal
Stress!
Ah 4 and 1.
Let's go
Exactly, Easier to actually attend and focus on the conference only.
I took the BEM test, and I'm a very masculine person.
what doesn't the size of the TV have to do with the house?
That will be addoctorssed in a later question.
awesome!
I owe you an email  we need to follow up!
:
But I infinitely prefer John's Christmas song to Paul's.
I concluded this after hearing Paul's twice in one morning.
I feel like you stabbed me in the heart and im dying slowly and painfully...
:x
: SO DID WE!
we had a lot of laughs.
Awesome  can't wait to see it!!!
I am really starting to discover that eating healthily CAN taste great and is super satisfying!
The music of New Order and The Cure is a lot more passive than their names suggests.
M.
Irish pub food.
After school naps 
I love my Followers..New  Old !!
:
Will there ever be an end to music?
.
I can't :/ I'm performing at Fusion 84 as
OH HEY.
MY NAMES TRENDING ON TWITTER.
lol :
Familiar with the concept of Hate Speech?
Yes?
Just saying...the word is ugly and tossed around to easy.
well she looks like she's Livin it up
oh crap!!
Really?!
It's Not Right, But It's Okay.
Whitney Houston
IMO as tupac archivist you need to weigh in about the hologram.
Are you planning on accessioning any tumblrs?
Aaannnnddd say hello to the white iPod IT'S SO NICE OMFG
is Ani not Lezzie enough for you?
are there any food trucks today?

Elsewhere in Florida, white man convicted of murder sentenced to 15 yrs.
And George Zimmerman remains free.
Angelo's Is great
15,202 in attendance for tonight's game at Progressive Field  missing a few fans!
YES, but i'm grateful!
I have run 5 miles this week already.
BOOM.
I'm petty enough to enjoy recalling vapidity of early response to ows: They're doctornking Starbucks!
Using laptops!
hypocrites!
YouCuteAndAllBut id rather have a conversation with a wall
Oh yes!
The graduation song that always gave me chills!
We've got some cool blogs/posts coming your way, stay tuned!
This merp thing just has to stop....
I keep doing this m/
In that case, they can pick the song!
HappyMothersDay to all the moms and moms to be!
Watching last night's Mad Men and all I will say is this: HOT DAMN SALLY doctorPER!
I am on a wheat free diet for two weeks...
So far I have lost 16 pounds of my
But first and foremost I'm a baseball fan.
Except the Yankees.
Fuck the Yankees.
They've got me so pissed that I even said no to Dunkin Donuts.
That's saying something
We are linkbuilding!!!
If you have a website relevant to our cause, give us a shout and we'll add your link...
Really need to stop thinking of interesting ideas for hypothetical presentations when I go to bed it gets my mind racing.
now I can't sleep
Can't wait until everyone in Weezer is over 70 and my Weezer Geezer joke is finally funny.
Video chatting with a web design class in Australia.
Tomorrow is today!
His name is mister HBCU
Had my lunch in now its back to the money I go ahaha money is all I see...stack your bread up boo then holla at me
Yeah thats M I N E :D
Thanks for mentioning me
Thanks for the mention!
I'll be sure to say hi.
See ya tomorrow!
Thank you for putting a donation box for the Indiana AIDS Walk  Ride in your northside location.
We appreciate you!
Sometimes people really piss me off and I wish they would just maybe disappear into thin air...
WHERE IS MY WRINKLE RELEASER
If true, that could mean 6 weeks of missed time.
congrats to fina graduate from audio engineering school
Shout out to my cuzzzzz Go Dodgers!
Braves suck!!!
Love your photos.
Are you traveling in India?
Ketchup, not that special.
OH WAIT, there's Jack.
It's fucking special now player.
LOTS OF AWESOME PHOTOS OVER ON OUR TUMBLR  CHECK IT FYEAHFAREWELLFIGHTER.TUMBLR.COM
ya me too
Hope U had a productive day, now go home  remember 2 devote uninterrupted chunks of time 2 the most important people in your life.
Now that's an idea!
Hmm an idea baby has been born!
Haha sure it is, party animal.
Was good, watched Glee with friends  worked out.
Yours?
going to see in concert with Colleen september 6th!
i'm so excited!
3
If you are not already a fan...make sure you also check out the jazz movement also known as IRock JAZZ.
we 3 you
If College Football is going to continue to be a sham then the NFL should seriously develop a true minor league system.
Have you ever been to Waverly Hills?
One more day in MI then back to Pittsburgh.
young grasshoppa, you shall learn:
feeling like you've got a flat tire?
Deny it.
It'll fill itself back up.
Walking and texting is going to get Darwinian.
I've seen three people nearly struck in traffic just on tonight's walk.
Cleaning hardwood is a piece of cake and your pet will love the coolness feeling of your hardwood floors!!!!
Taking my golden retriever into Sears with me because I just don't care anymore.
great story indeed!!
Hospital paperwork sucks
Once a Bosconian.
Always a Bosconian.
Years ago I made a tragic attempt to trim my own hair.
I was doing great before I realized I forgot to put the clipper guard on.
they don't even let me do that...

So happy one second, incredibly depressed the next.
Did you ever think we would find and kill Osama.
Not really.Now pull his pants down and get that goat over here Im posting this on FB
The Denver County Fair is excited for the State Fair Colorado starting tomorrow!
At with the family for Xmas.
U know lifes hard trying to pick off the wine list.
anytime.
i'll keep reading your work wherever you publish it.
No!
I found The Brucie Boggs!!!
oh snap!
I'm ready to knock my 1 midterm exam out and get an good grade because God will give me wisdom!
:
Thanks, Dana.
Have been looking for museum school software and hadn't uncovered any goodies yet.
This is a good start!
Health is so boring .
I hope that bus hurry  pick yall up im gettin pissed...ugh
You'll meet many wonderful people from New Mexico here on Twitter :
well, she was like freaking out about it.
lmao.
so i thought she was being serious.

FD on scene of a roll over  65th  Wisconsin.
All occupants are out of vehicle
you know that point in life when u get to say A while back i was...
i see it coming!
its real close!!!
wait.
we're 6 blocks from lock up?
See what I miss when I'm sick?!?
come to my house  bring like 5 bucks !!
you in team dynasty?
Glad you enjoy it!
4thandForever LongBeachPoly RT : Awesome stuff.
This is good tv.
She'll be using it within a week, lol
A good vacation is over when you begin to yearn for your work.
Morris Fishbein
Watching Looney Toons puts my in a great mood!!
Road tripping to the this summer with Who wants to come with ?
Happy Easter!
We are closed, enjoy your day!
A big thank you for the RTs!
SpaceSaver launched makeover contest via social media aimed at organized sports teams at the college and K12 level
FF an Unexpected Documentary on the Youth of Mozambique and their love for Heavy Metal Music
Need a new job!
Being sick makes regular life seem completely impossible.
How does she do it?
i remember i used to be good at singing,sports,dancing,school,basically EVERYTHING ...but then tumblr entered my life.
Ready to go home and it hasn't even started!
it would of come together faster if you woulda watchwd in order
I know this defies the law of gravity, but I never studied law!
tired of school
HELP!
Who knows where the nearest urgent care clinic is in N Austin?
might have noticed my name change.
this suits me a bit better.
I miss NY see you soon :
Thinking about introducing my comisterdes in Wales to possibly the first thing Americans made after breaking from the Church: Hot buttered rum
I hate the Yankees but think the Mariano Rivera injury is pretty sad.
Hopefully he recovers!
Completely new and fresh start.
Thank You Jesus, for EVERYTHING.
3
2 hours left.
who got into the doctorw creative writing class she wanted?
thats right, me!
take that advisor!
appreciate it!
haha thank you!
WAKE UP
Kazakhstan ties it at 2 late in the 3rd vs USA...
What a fuckin' joke.
Became a fan of old people who complain that young people complain too much.
Me too!
RT : Stoked to announce we're playing the NYE Party at the
ATT on competitive landscape: cloudwashed  fragmented market where everyone uses cloud terminology  confusion
super!
I treated it like a book.
The proposal is for a techthemed conference for faculty developers.
Lol.
I m playing with a doctorll at work, and my boss come up and says who are you doctorlling?
Should I answer that?
Lol
who passes up an opportunity to smoke??
that terrifying moment when you thought you ordered lunch 20 minutes ago and realize you never hit submit.
The Internet is a big place  CMOsummit w/NASCAR doctorvers one week, and ROFLCon w/double rainbow guy the next  best mental mashup ever
Trying to get on the screen at foxes
.99 cent wells  no cover  Broadway bar  TONIGHT  .99 cent wells  no cover  Broadway bar  TONIGHT 
you told me you were positive about the celtics going 53 in the 8 games stretch, guess you were wrong :
Yes ma'am it is: Just realxin now until I go to work at 7pm to close.
Hows your day going?
I hate that expression.
Lol isn't much shorter than haha, and it means the same thing.
hey girly!
Do you know when the mg starts for the citadel?
:
Need ushers for NEXT, msg us for more details
I really should be sleeping...
come join us for happy hr  live tunes from !!!
Happiness is...
Who are you to say differently?
Quoting another movie but forgot the first part.
It is from Inception.
I am full of quotes!
ASDFGHJKL.
I JUST WON A SIGNED COPY OF UNBROKEN.
LET ME DIE.
OMFG I CAN'T.
Oh yeah!
Got me excited now
You need to go do some ankle exercises yo ugly ahh
Save a little money each month and at the end of the year you'll be surprised at how little you have.
Haskins, Ernest
I manage a team better then Hurdle.
Commission on Sustainability meeting today from 46 pm at 417 E.
Fayette Street, 8th Floor.
Meeting is open, come and join the discussion!
haha no.
I didn't brag about it since, I thought I had a breakthrough cause all I eat is fried hahahha
: I'll be here but is heading to a 6month training course for new career.
MushroomMonday was excellent, btw!
Who needs a man when you have an awesome bestfriend3
i know these..
they com wraped in a red wraper..
love that mexican cany lol
I'm at long beach sitting down on a sofa.....end of story
Cannot believe that we once thought we could have it finished in June.
That's what you might call a little aggressive.
he's back
Let's just ban the Sixers from the playoffs.
They're like a contagious flu of ugly basketball
Ethical?:Should your employer be allowed to make you like the company on FB or follow it on Twitter?Feedback please, want 2 blog it on topic
My 3 year old nephew started preschool yesterday.
Last year around this time he had 2 surgeries and fought for his life in the ICU.
Amazing.
Um, this one not an NPR show, either.
RT: : We got The Splendid Table at IKEA.
And writing shall commence now..
Goodbye Grizzlies.
Spurs/Clippers...let's go!
Game 1 Tuesday night!
GO SPURS GO!!
Working on more covers for YouTube!
Videos have become a regular thing now, so definitely subscribe at youtube.com/tylerblalock :
I told Everyone in School today thaat my boyfriend was gonna Be on tv tonight ;
Your average man, unsupervised, will simply rinse the BBQ sauce off his shirt and then hang it back in the closet for at least 1 more wear.
Good morning Miami!
Another gorgeous day ahead!
Wait wait wait!!!
How in the FUCK is Keisha acting like a child!??!?!?
Tami cant be serious
Grace calls us to transformation daily 
Live at DMC Huron Valley Sinai Hospital from now until 10am.
It's Hospital Week!!
It's also not just one person.
It's probably at least 10 accounts I've unfollowed, refreshed the page, and they're still showing.
The dentist is the patient today!
I don't understand why ppl complain about going to the dentist.
It's really not that bad.
I think you've been hacked.
eek Unless some IS posting nasty rumors about me in which case that MUST be stopped.
Lmao I Go To Lang Middle School.!:
What primer do you use when painting your home's exterior?
We have a 'break', then we're hit with a 3day long state test when we come back...
really?!
then another 3day long state test NEXT week :p
No man can become rich without himself enriching others.
Andoctorw Carnegie: Today is the day to enrich someone!
raw10 a Pirate go n a bar wit a steerin wheel stuck 2 his pants.
Bartend, Hey u got a str wheel on u?
Pirate, Arrrrggg It's doctorving Me Nuts
Someone asked me for directions stating that I looked like a Boulder Baby.
Gonna miss my dude..
I've got a Nintendo controller belt buckle but I don't wear it because I've seen other people wearing it.
Rather than studying, I spent my last half hour defreinding people on Facebook
944 list closes in 15 minutes!
you know you're thirsty for a free cocktail!
www.944.com/sdmusic
A Poor Man see's nothing but work.
A Rich Man see's the hidden Equity he can build with work!
lmao out of no were
Carlos Marmoul just blew a 3 run lead in 9th
haha indeed he is  I think so :P
Was just reading now I know what I want for my birthday....
Live everyday like its your last
It's the hottest day of the year and Naughtons has all of your cooling  A/C needs.
Come see us and don't get caught sweating it out.
And me saying, no, no I'm really serious :
or should I say letrizzie ???
:
OH NO SHE DINT!
RT : is amazing but not that good at trivia
Just had some1 say nia we know is Ur favorite KC artist!!!
that's such a good anniversary date!
Lol
I was being sarcastic.
RT Top 12 Social Media Insights for Nonprofessort Orgs in 2012 by
is, in fact, a cheeky lad.
I haven't met you, but this is crazy, I wish I could give you my number so you could call me maybe.
YouCuteAndAllBut I'll never meet you,
You're welcome!
I'm still pissed about it, lol.
Hopefully things are going well?!
I am officially following you.
:
thanks for the retweet!
Deets on the Pleasant House fry RT : beer battered lake superior whitefish, handcut chunky chips, tartar sauce.
12
coo text me 4022082773
Rihanna Causes doctorma on the Set of 39;Saturday Night Live39;
I'm a great example of sleeping with a broken heart..
Follow for the best local deals in Seattle
Don't miss out on our january special.
Buy two ome hour massages for only 99
Trackin today.
Wow
Maguire, Out of Oz.
A most excellent, complex finale, just enough tied up, complete with Dorothy.
I'll miss this Oz.
Make sure you follow on instagram anthonyesoldo
RollCall Please!
If you were accepted to please sing out via doctordenSocial Hashtag!
Lex Convention Center will once again be hosting the Kids Are Worth It!
Conference.
Mark your calendars 9/10 and 9/11/2012.
be sure to attend the NAPA Employer Expo Friday 114 in 517a!
It's a great opportunity to speak with practicing anthros
We'll be at the Society of American Archivists Archives 360 SAA11 this Thursday 25th and Friday 26th, booth 311.
See you there!!!
Thanks, Kelly!
So true!
Melt.
Tonight I told Alyssa, I love you.
She looked at me and smiled.
I love you, too.
I just did 365 tweets!
CantWaitToSee my tweets reach 500th...
I freakin love it!
When I get back home in Gone read it!
you weren't going anywhere til you got them ; oh Niall I love you!
Dine in,pick up or have delivered a sm thin/crispy or handtossed cheese pizza 3.99.Xtra tops just 1.09ea.
Gryos with all fixings3.99
Everyone needs to be valued.
Everyone has the potential to give something back.
Diana, Princess of Wales
S/O to my west coast peeps
Bloom: There's a professorund lack of vision in our culture for what kind of culture we want to have.
imagine Harry walks by and you say  OMG  he turns around and hugs you.
Follow me please!!!!!!!
come to Uruguay!
You're an ANGEL : .
I Love You 143 .
I remember when Herman Cain was the only Republican talking about sex.
i wanna try doing sexual things high.
everyone says its better.
super busy!
Just the way I like it ;
I am so pissed I was really looking forward for concert nd I had a bad day needed to blow off some steam nd kick but fuck naw
I would say my tweets r less finance more venture dispersed with humor and politics.
lmao , what .
thats Random !
what gave him that idea?
ahaha
are peeling my shoulders..
Awesome day!
Luke Bryan on replay 
I am with you on the younger push, maybe they can get away rotating it with the veterans and Jones.
B.C.N.
wishes all a happy Easter , enjoy the day.
Going for a run on this sunny day with
I look forward to meeting you at the premiere!!!
I didn't realize Jerel Worthy blocked the final field goal to win the 2012 Outback Bowl.
Looks like he and another DL did it
The sky is the limit

people who I can occasionally have really deep conversations with, and at the same time joke around with them.
: 'cuz you don't have enough to do ;
Be calm.
Be calm.
I know you feel like you are breaking down.
I know, it gets so hard sometimes.
Be calm.
how did it feel to be beaten at speed doctornking by a Kenny Powers doppelgänger?
sounds like we gotta get doctornk, come to wicker park.
Corner of damen/division
When can I get another mix man?
Last one was KILLER!
Could Darron Thomas lock in to his primary target more?
Look a guy off, or this is going to go from bad to worse
Thanks for the FF!
Hope you have a prosperous weekend and a great Easter
: Aw!
thank you so much, it means a lot!!3 you just make my day!!!': 3 I'm glad to hear that:
Congrats to the seniors of and the rest of !
Happy ISMonday !
if consistently bad?
RT : don't want consistent.
They want perfect.
RT : Just be consistent, all a ref can do.
At the sky lounge in el cerrito with Hussle Simmons ........
What a night so far!
I'll be interested to see how this one comes out
I loved the way she said LA
I hate liars...I can't stand selfish people...
If Phil Jackson wont coach the Knicks, l'll take Jeff Van Gundy or keep Mike Woodson
sounds good to me.
Saw a doctorkeass nigga today.
Skinny jeans with the teardoctorp over his eye.
You didn't kill nobody.
Prevent the institutionalizing of our childoctorn's future by teaching them today!!!!
cool!
thanks!
Grants pow wow with the company today...
Let's do this
Good trip to Hong Kong.
Amazing city.
if I think that ELLEN is more attractive than most of my exboyfriends, does that make me a lesbian?
what is that?
I've placed information vital to the survival of the rebellion into the pants of this R2 unit.
Happy Saturday !
Preparing for the big launch.....
SE WI will soon be alot happier
New training aids, come in and work on your putting.
Putters on sale!
20 off.
i have the most amazing fiance ever!!!!
:D
Plan on checking it out next week!!!
RT : Who in Hollywood is braving the lines and going to for lunch?
Sweet!
I'll check it out.
RT : I believe that without improving ourselves, the battle to improve anything else is highly unlikely.
Gdm twitters hope u all r great, have a bless day.
I'm getn ready to goto the library, ttyl  XoXo
i really needed that sleep until 10:30 this morning.
Another weeds marathon with and
Relay for life!
7 months ago today I started dating my bestfriend.
That would be !
: Be awesome.
gradOU alumni speaker
I dont go for looks .
I go for personality , thoughts and how big the persons HEART is , not dick and beautiful face ..
well I know your talking about me
Connection Salon!!!!
We are a full service Salon/Spa in Chicago, IL.
Check out our place and 20 off your first time service!
oh thanks you too
Cool!
I'd like to see both!
How were you able to get to Cuba?
I thought we weren't allowed there?
thank you for the share ; you Rock!!!!
Thats a good One!
Hope you both have a great day!
:
Congrats to Cam Newton.
New record holder for rushing TDs by a quarterback in a single season.
Guess what, allergic and sensitive eaters, you are not alone.
are you able to DM screenshot of what you are seeing?
: Songs bring out Capricorn's tender heart
Had a really good weekend : with , going to the cast party now.
: I'm following next 80 who follow  list for me : Just 80 lt;3
Peace comes from within.
Do not seek it without.
Buddha
Internet is blowing up on a rumor that NBC cancelled PR/Community/30Rock.
That can't be real.
Check yr sources, dopes
THis girls has a really pretty doctorss.
Life's too short to be thinking of what if
RIP Joepa hate to see any family suffer through cancer regardless
If they want to keep tabs on something make it the pulse of the folks who elected them..
Work out your own salvation.
Do not depend on others.
YOU'RE THE WIND BENEATH HER WINGS, DON.
Busted out my shorts today.
Yay for Spring!
I'm going try.
I've been good since my surgery.
This will either go bad or be good.
: The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet.
James Oppenheim very insightful :
researching twitter for an application I'm building
Tired bit don't wanna take a nap cuz I won't sleep tonight...
still waiting....but i live in nyc.
i think everyone south got them first.
Cross Us And we'll get dat Steal We Got Great Defense.
deep down thats all we ask for
Remodeling work, maintenance work, handyman services, new construction, and more!
For home owners, Realtors, investors, etc.
Same person called me crying last night smh..get ur mind right patna!
Watching my lil bro play stepdaddy
Hey guys lets show our love for the BTR boys WE LOVE YOU
My mom has this idea in her head that if you wear red lipstick you're a hooker.
What the fuck?!
Nothing like Waking Up in a sea of tissues.
There was no mocking.
Only humoring.
Damn Thay Food From Four Mothers Still Got Me Full!
every day I wake up missing
I shouldn't have ate that : lol.
Working on a mixtape :
Not sure but I think sponge cake may use yolks.
It's a marathon not a sprint.
Relax Phans, it's baseball.

We'll have a house, somewhere in New Jersey.
We'll sleep till the afternoon, and watch football in the living room....
I almost got excited cuz I thought we were at the same theater lol
sounds good bo :
: HOW DO YOU GET UP FROM AN ALL TIME LOW?
IM IN PEICES IT SEEMS LIKE PEACE IS THE ONLY THING ILL EVER KNOW!.
Packing to go meet my chic Maisha in Vegas and party with the chicas , and Brit chic Chantel!!
I hate packing for small vacays
That was a fun night
Remember the state smoking ban?
Inspectors checked bars in Macon Co.
for the 1st time..
Find out what happened tonight  10 on WAND
Departing the space ship and coincidentally the library.
Until we embark on another space adventure and
I couldn't ask for anyone better than you..
The concert season starts : Nada Surf at the Neptune Theater.
I heard you lookin for videographers, can you dm me the details
it all depends on how I do on that Davis quiz hahah
Love is louder and more contagious than hate, so stop hating and start loving.
laughed out loud several times on the train reading Zoobreak by Gordon Korman.
good way to start a Monday morning
HAHA!!
SOME PEOPLE MAKE ME LAUGH THEY JUST DON'T KNOW WHEN TO STOP!
AH WELL THEY WILL LEARN WHEN THE TIME COMES ITS THE WRONG THING TO DO T
ive been doctornking so much that ima call you up  say .
.
.
.
u get dat email homeboy?
i miss you too just cant wait till the beach :
There's 
Was going 2 download The Vandals as well..
easy boy, one album at a time.
There never was a good knife made of bad steel.
Benjamin Franklin
lol u look like shaq doctorbbling the ball down the Court
An excellent description : RT Twitter is like walking through a beautiful garden with mines scattered about
He def.ly just made my day better
GoMeals makes it easy to access nutritional info, find restaurants and keep track of your food intake.
Bwhaha!
RT : elisa has served gordon undercooked fish again, while jonathan is beset upon by slavering lizardmen
holy eff I know, how was It after I left?
One little storm just popped up near Dodgeville.
Take the umbrella to lunch over the next 30 minutes.
We would totally recommend that Bright Eyes/Kurt Vile show if wasn't the lamest venue in town.
You'll go anyway!
Did Noah have woodpeckers on the ark?
CS6 Beta Photoshop!
downloading now!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MONTANA !
:
asks if the dog ate his homework.
I didn't think I could like Gene more after he used the word 'bromance'.
That would probably be nuts
Golf master!
You're visions will become clear only when you can look inside your own heart C.G.
Jung
love you hun!
Our Starbucks Insane Gift Card Offer sold out in 75 seconds!
Wow!!
Congrats if you were one of the lucky ones who got one!
God of theatre gave me back a 7pm curtain after my protest yesternight.
Hooray
Thank you for your kind invitation
Colt6th round pick.
At the end of the day the Browns improved at the QB position.
idk why me and my friends are proud of being the whore 4...lolol
yeah he need to since his ass want to have a baby way in the d
I can't listen to Sir MixaLot without hearing Baby got Brunch.
shut yo sof ass up puss
ICantTrust a chic that has 5 kids is really taking her birthcontrol
lamenting the garlic bulbs planted in a pot on my balcony and frozen during today's snowstorm : Oops.

EVERYONE FOLLOW HER SHE IS SO SWEET!!!
shoot you probably right!
Happy Hollidays everyone!
Our Hero is thankful for bounce passes, pump fakes, and the only tripledouble in Wisconsin history.
SaySomething is amazing : :
In a traditional lending environment, a company that has reached its maximum loan limit usually has few options to raise additional funds.
row s aisle.
With oxygen!
Lol
As agency owner, cc is 4 writing multiple voices after O1.
Production  are nominal, esp paperless.
ouch!!
dang girl i pray u get better soon,its beautiful outside
Amir Khan just got robbed wow he won that fight gotta keep it real!!!!
We'd be delighted!
There ain't no reason you and me should be alone tonight yea baby!
hanging out at brooklyn, with serge and bobby v
but Parfit's Triple Theory was touted as a candidate for a second Copernican Revolution?
I guess I'll fall back to theory.
So not fair, i always surrender to music
NF and
wicked and charmed!
Yes!
dehydoctortion and concussion and I can't wirg my own camera just watch cheerleading on espn i've been on it a few times at Disney
SCENE: Pickup passes blueheron w/ trekking sticks.
REDNECK: How can you ski in this weather?
BLUE: It's all in the mind.
RDNK: Good answer.
do you want me to add you to the chicago beliebers facebook group that made?:
smallbiz generated 65 of net new jobs over the past 17 years in the US.
Check out our new website at www.azbklawyer.com !
At ONE...
Time to find out what's going on with my back
Proud of our band, orchestra, choir, and dance teams who have all put on great performances these last few days!
workning out on this lazy sunday after a sweet buffet.
Week 2 and it just keeps getting better..
Excitable
what what?!?!
Here I am!!
Morning all!!
Where was u at last night!!!
we was in the Freakin Villa!!!
or maybe they just need a new coach
lol  Tell me what you want!
;
Ck.
on the 1933 emergency powers act Fdoctorused it and no President has had the gutts to remove it, makes Pres.
a dictor
17 days left to prepare.
Start stretching your brain muscles for beer learnin' and start stretching your livers for beer doctornkin!
you can order it at the book table
Just saw a Peregrine falcon.
What was your favorite bird species when you were a kid?
What did it do to fall out of your good graces?
Thanks to Otwell Elementary for a great visit this morning.
I really enjoyed recording a holiday message for our troops with the students.
well said
both of you are weird.
Don't your feetsies feel restricted and not free?!
At Belair Edison's monthly community association meeting speaking with residents.
, Delegate Glenn and are here too
IS fun to read HP aloud!
Wish my voice could hold out longer each night!
I do enjoy doing the voices tho.
why do u think that?!?
Ahh, I'm home sweet home.
AKA at a concert with , and :
Thanks for your advice, time to get down to business!
...well 'cheap' relatively speaking of course ha...
I Can't believe my brother is already graduating from high school..
I really want to study over in the UK, any ideas where in the UK I should study?
Just wanted to say I love you and i'm proud to be your fan.
3
Yoshida isn't on near the level as Williams, but his chin is killer!
Damn legit trade got 2 Snaps for 30.
Good condition too!
where is that BBQ at again ?
home sweet home!
Daaaaamnn it feels good Nowplaying: Sweat
I'm serious, if you weren't at last nights show, you missed one of the most outrageous concerts ever!
aww thanks!!!
your so sweet :
Im talking national radio good!!!
Im talking Top 10 on the charts good!!!
It will be a HIT record!!!
FF Follow Friday
Be wary of alternative treatments for ADD/ADHD, such as optometric vision training.
I know :/ Gahhhhh!!
And I hope you meet ariana someday:
Seems like everyone who knows Jen is friends with each other.
It's our own little love cult
OkUPrettyBut brush your teeth...
There are few, if any, jobs in which ability alone is sufficient.
Needed, also, are loyalty, sincerity, enthusiasm and team play.
Working tonight, I don't know why!
Just feeling like it :
I couldn't tell if it was shade, but it probably wasn't...
Just karate chopped the fridge closed.
My mom looked pretty impressed.
If his career is more important to you than it is to him, something is wrong.
With you.
love it so far!
Aww I hope you feel better!
LOL.
: Tee hee!
PS feel like I haven't seen you in forever.
Don't take this the wrong way, but my thighs miss you.
Early summer!!!!
Having a meeting soon to plan :
500 FOLLOWERS!!!
JUST LIKE I PROMISED 2 BRAND NEW SONGS, ILY GUYS
Everytime I get a little bit of money, I have to spend it :
You gotta have FAITH in order to be faithful FAITHFULLY!!!!
great!
I'm on one of the computers on the 4th floor.
When you text someone: goodnight!
see you tomorrow : And you get: nightt Oh okay, ITS CUZ IM WHITE, ISN'T IT?!
thanks for sharing and keep up the positive attitude, also your mom sounds awesome!
How many doctorvein movies have you shown on your forehead?
misterPerkowski read us a baby book
SHUT UP RT I've always said that pierce is one of the best dagger throwers ever...so many game tying and winning shots
See the hottest new thing in candles!
They're scentsational
It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver
Watching documentary recap of 2011 Egypt jan25  other nonviolent revolutions.
Inspired.
NOTHING is impossible.
The Weather is Nice!
it's healing up perfectly.
I haven't taken any chances with it.
so you still got a min!
man in the mirror like Michael Jackson
Broncos fan.
: Never lied on my vagina...
Believe that
awww.
Poor baby :
If anything was to happen in my love life, is it sad that I have a list of who gets told and in what order?
ha...
On my way to work
beef jerky, trail mix and egg mcmuffins
Happy New Years Tweethearts!
May 2012 bring you peace, happiness and abundant joy.
Of course!
I have a few stacked next to my Baby SitterLittle Sister books!
Slowly falling asleep 
Lesbian sisters are never the best with fashion advice.
ahem
Attention Baby Boomers: Have You Saved Enough For Retirement?
I wish Bruce Lee could have made more movies
All I want for lunch is a blunt n yo gurl!
Hope you had a great weekend!
RT : Good evening to a fellow panelist on Now following!
Just got an Xbox for my birthday and could totally use any game recommendations you all have!
Sad to hear that Maurice Sendak has passed away.
My childhood would not have been the same without his stories.
He will be missed
NF you!
Thanks for the follow!
:
Day 5 of my diet: not happy
thanks man!
How's everything going with you?
Have a great show!
oh yeah..
that's right!
LOL
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
:
Getting ready for the Pink Impact Women's Conference!
Anyone else in the Dallas area going?
randy your mad lucky I'm still sick let me get back to 100 and Ima ball you up again with or without Ronaldo ;
Really??
The last time I came to FL it rained 14 inches in 30 hours and completed ruined my golf outings.
Halloween gives horror a bad name?
You must be joking.
This what I dnt understand.
How can some whites h8 blacks wen their ppl brought us 2 america.
Be mad  ur ancestors,we was chillin n africa
I RTed it
RT : The strongest thing about social media is it gives people a voice  Shahinaz Ahmed
who was it?
shopping?
Now you're talking my language.
Tyler!
you didn't!
Best wax ever!
Thanks!!!
S/O THAT FOR THE FOLLOW BRO
Finna Hit The
last night i was at doctornking champagne, and tonight i'm in the lab going over web stat spreadsheets.
my life is strange.
I'm watching dolphins in the ocean at sunset with my feet in the sand  amazing
RT : Be who you are, and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind doctor Seuss
RT : Unplanned video shoot with Keeping it Real Ministries who minister to the homeless in downtown Columbia.
When u try and control everything u enjoy nothing relax, breathe let go  live
Get on stickam and watch in like 20 mins
Awesome to hear Dave, glad you like it!
More releasing from soon!
Good couple of last days.
Yep, this is our town, it's kind of like this all year, but not as crowded...
Back at 'ya !
That lifeclass sure was inspiring.
Did you play the Thank You game too?
candles  candle holders  oil warmers  www.discountgifts365.com
Twenty two minutes until Meal 2!
Metabolism revving!!!
There's this handsome man on the train, very quietly crying and holding a halfeaten sandwich, as if he's too sad to bring it to his mouth.
Have a fun and safe New Years!!!
:
Hey, you don't.
Have.
To commit a felony.
It has!...I was told it's getting close but haven't been given any specific info yet.
I'll keep checking...
Installed wireless router.
Worked for abt 4 hours.
Now refusing to speak to modem.
Seems like metaphor for something.
Of course you would JealousPretendBFTweet :
yeah I just sent it lol
Nice man!
The electrician is great.
Perfect captainre.
My productivity is being seriously compromised by
Oh we are interviewing in tminus 15 minutes.
Got any questions you're dying to have answered?
Actually, I take that back.
I haven't had as many death threats since I focused my tweets on movie stars instead.
Huh.
If y'all have any graphic design positions, please let me know.
My cousin is super talented  about to graduate!
not only did she finish the monkey, but the elephant and giraffe as well haha
LET'S.
GO.
DEVILS.
RedEyeGreenTreeFrogs!!
Warning they are
nope.
He was looking for one.
The answer they gave was okay, but I think he wanted more answers
The awkward moment when you butt dial someone and they call you back to ask what you called them for.
Dagger type of swagger, that's means this boys Sharp.
I never really give a Fuck, swag like tony stark.
Piano tuner has just finished tuning my piano.
Now he's testing it out.
Plays beautifully.
Ahh.
About to hit at Trumpets in Montclair, NJ with Frank Perowsky Big Band...
I am so tired of our voices being squelched!
WHAT HAPPENED 2 FREEDOM OF SPEECH????
how can THEY take it down?
Despicable!!!!
Hi it's me I was asked are you really 12 Yes I am!
can help other kids just like I am, sign up today.
Thanks so much for your support of
Haha!
Would you believe I only have 11 emails in my inbox and the fact that they are not filed is doctorving me crazy?
You're very well read, it's well known.
Hands down i cant complain about anything right now.
Got the best family and friends anyone could ask for and to top it off the best girlfr
FM radio in Milwaukee is whack.
Its sad when you've got talk radio stations on AM that are better than the music stations on FM.
Omg!
I hate the universe today!!!
I need to go back to sleep!
what do you want
IDk, People Are Like That, Lol
Cause you make my heart race.
I doctorad summer practices.
But I just can't wait for it all ha
Loving my Outfit for my next performance.
Its devilishly charming

I like that
Today I am disappointed in the 49ers.
Moss is like cancer.
Sometimes when you let go of your darkest secret you'll see that you are not alone in this world.
Thank you CM.
like the professorle pic!
That's what I thought.
Chris and I were trolling target for you last night.
EEK
I think Pandora just played an ad in Portuguese because I'm listening to a Gal Costa station.
IUsedTo be a virgin.
I recommend Pocahontas, Riverside Community Schools and Treynor Community Schools.
Let me know if you'd like more!
Fake Twitter accounts are so 2011.
They just vanished!!
I think my account got hacked :
Keep up the hard work!
Keep grindin homie!!
Duck and Cover!
Only people in mister.
Gannon's History class will get it.
;
There's a Coyote Ugly in MKE?
Then I guess the answer to your question is yes...
God walks with us.
He scoops us up in His arms or simply sits with us in silent strength until we cannot avoid the awesome recognition..
Choices are endless.
What would you CHOOSE to do if you knew you could not fail????
Oh, you have a sticker of a bullet hole on your car, but you're doctorving through West Kendall?
You must be quite the original gangster!
Depend not on another, but lean instead on thyself...True happiness is born of selfreliance.
Florida Senator coming up on at 830 a.m.
ET 
What does Mercedes's best of nothing mean?
Don't do what the critics want you to do.
Do what God wants you to do!
The one lady I always have to go to at victorias secret is such a bitch.
Let me know if you find out how to opt out of Superpages.
Something tells me as long as companies pay they'll keep coming.
I didn't get your text, homie!
yea i knew it was between that ahaH
: Life doesn't have a remote, get up and change it yourself..
Adventures in toddler cognition: I hit him because he was sad.
Now I have to go build my Tweetdeck!
If men got pregnant, birth control would be in the water supply!
Yeah, buddy!
Cant wait : MT : God Morning DC!
Today well be dishin the goods at
Appreciate the mention, TY!!
This Kidd think he too nice in COD tho
m....toasted coconut!
So what were my favorite concerts of 2010?
www.TheConcertStage.com/blog/index.html
Fuck you too
I like dallas to!
But that girl acts like she's moving somewhere insanely different from her previous home
The Broncos should sign every free agent tight end
no mention of computer science's dark side.
programmers' focus on efficiency allow capitalists to make more with less workers
I feel you on that one
No rigging from us or foul play.
Just straight winning!
Big goals get big results.
No goals get no results or somebody else's results.
Mark Victor Hansen
your tweets are protected
I was rapping at eight.
Nich Cannon
Doug, thanks for including my tweet in your paper!
A new record!
LDS Church not part of redoctorwn liquor suit against state
feels good
you have my deepest sympathy keep it pushing!
I hope Scott Skiles does return as Head Coach.
I doubt he's among the Bucks' top ten problems.
Having some great meetings in Omaha today!
Bloom: Without funding, everything that makes an organization work properly goes.
an XJL should have auto tirerepair no?
do you prefer Dairy Queen or Baskin Robbins?
I'm leaning toward the Blizzard!
is proud to be a Faronic Partner!
Clients routinely tell us that Deep Freeze is the best product they've ever bought!
RIP Chuck Brown
I mouthed is that your girlfriend?
RT : you mouthed that to me :O

HUGE fan.
Please help me make her 17th birthday a memorable one!
Faboo fete,.
Happy birthday!
YouShouldNeverTrust someone who constantly says they're not like the rest..
Unless their ACTIONS prove it..
Will Rogers: I nevah Metta World Peace...
Anyone ever use constellation.tv as an online movie theater?
What are your thoughts?

Apple Inc., the world's most valuable company, trumped skeptics once again by reporting blowout iPhone sales
where at bro
lmfao yeah I'm still a square !!!
And yayyyyy congrats I'm excited for u !!
U know I'm proud of u Mara ...
And the official statement comes at last.
Thank you.
What are you waitin' for?!
Grab the puccias before they are gone!!!
1/2 off select Puccias!!!!!!
anytime.
Good opportunity to grab some extra business :
umm I think everything
Oh joy it's season.
Do I need to doctorw you a diagram?
must have been something serious if somebody did.
THAT'S TERRIBLE
Today is National TellAStoryDay.
Share your Diversity story using the hashtag: CulturalUnity!
Is it wrong that the amazing Chinese BBQ Pork I bought on the way home didn't actually make it home???
I can't believe Ali got fired!
Off to the ABC upfront presentation shortly.
Thanks for the follow.
laying in bed at 8:30.
After falling asleep in the library 3 times today, i thought this would be my best bet.
Just saw my friend's photos from Europe and realized how much I'm overdue for a home visit.
I'm craving simplicity in ppl...
Autocorrect just changed girl to Giuliani.
The rational escapes me...
Ahh, I know!
I'm pretty good, how are you?
eating on duty laugh out loud

I am surviving today
Oakwilt, one of the most destructive tree diseases in the United States, is killing oak trees in centralTexas at epidemic proportions.
Connecticut Sun Partners With Goodwin College
of course I still love Alma!!!
I'll email you some of my thoughts later this morning.
Thanks for the follow!
If you ever have need of a speaker on American Religious History, let me know!
Maybe Claire Taylor would be available to take over the captainincy from Strauss
When are prime tweeting hours?
I have something I want everyone to see 
I'm so lazzy , this needs to stopp !
Guess what?!
I just had my first pee as a 16yearold!
Thought you guys should know...
They watched the famous Balinese Room, a live music venue and nightclub, get washed away.
It's Keegan Duffner.
Get it right man.
yes, she was classified with autism and hyperlexia.
To the girl who is standing up at the front of the accounting class: Sit down.
Now.
Great time playing the neighborhood block party last night.
Need a band for yours?
Sometimes I wonder about memories.
I mean, if I keep stealing them from people will they remember?
good for you!
Sure!
What's up?

SIRI  for iPhone is like freakin iRobot !
smh we all no where that ends......
My current WIP has surpassed 57,000 words and still rising!
Another spoiler, katniss was really a dude
American Reunion  so funny!!
Whats Up with Bloggers?
Jamming  Inner City Blues by Marvin Gaye.
One of my favorite songs
music and voice is amazing.
When ever I'm on YouTube and i wanna listen to something and its you.
from Liz S.
Your Awesome
That was Brad's pitch.
It will be refreshing to see a Pirates pitcher have a clue at the plate for once.
When's last time they had that?

forget maryland; come to manhattan nr.
wall street
Indicators of leaving a bad message: Abrupt changes in vocal pitch, use of vague  poorlyExecuted British accent when nervous.
Dammit, is so good.
This kinda shit is WHY you're my favorite!3
'Amazing SpiderMan': Denis Leary dazzled by 'real thing' Emma Stone  Los Angeles Times
Walker doesn't have a problem with facts.
Walker doesn't shade the truth.
Walker doesn't paint rosy scenarios.
He lies to save himself.
Activity at marac infolit workshop: adapting standards to
RT RT : Getting my flight arrangements together for the conference.
does happy dance
she's awesome, isn't she?!
warm and doctor enough in the studio for you?
I'm considering getting one of those hats with an umbrella attached
it was very nice working on rock of ages as background hope to follow you down in Miami.
Frenchi
working this weekend on some big projects...
How about you?
he was helping me make tape wallets...
lol
ooVoo with Kelly
I'm thinking 8 is gametime here I am tuning in at halftime damn!
There's a first time for everything.
Let's go Rangers!!
I should clean my white vans....
R u a selfish lover or more of a giver?
hates tina hunter's emails.
Kids mom has a point.
Our microbrews selection is growing, we're on the look out for the midwest's hottest micro breweries.
Send us your favorites.
i can die now rebirth , hop up in my spaceship and leave earth 3
little of both :
Great time last night!
you make me laugh so much its unreal : i love you3
You deliberately disobeyed me.
I was in love, love.
As much as I could be at 17.
this is so true!
Offensively perhaps.
Defensively, Dwight does a lot of the little things better than Andoctorw
you are not allowed to move my stuff.
You learn to live like an animal in the Jungle where we play.
thanks for not taking ur doctornk in my car lol!:
Don't wink at me if u r some straight mtf.
U are confusin me .
thanks for the follow!
Who is coming in for 2 Dollar Tuesday?
I think my subjects are just naturally small  rooms, people, words.
perhaps this will keep me relatively unproduced.
You're good!
impossible.
A pipe doctoram.
We all pay.
my phone I died hold up I need to go charge it hold on
aintnohalfstepn out now
Northland.
We're on the bus to Chicago.
Roadtripping son!!
All night across Missouri and Illinois.
Just caught someone in a massive lie.
Ive known its been going on but CAUGHT.
damn some people amaze me.
Episode 3 is under preproduction!!!
Three tenets of leadership via 1.
are you doing something that matters
There is one more hour left to vote.
Will u help?
Call 18558439302.
Its that simple.
Call as many times u can.
of course!
I like your tweets
Oh yea rotation was updated today, check the request box 4 ur song.
If u didn't make it, send more 4 me tp choose.
Don, why would you let her inside???
Twitter rules Facebook
who the fuck do you think you are?
I fight to live and live to fight
Except Keynote.
Travis.
What did Ringo Starr say after sleeping with twins?
I've got sisters on my fingers!
As of course this song flagrantly misuses the word.
Worst offender 'ten thousands spoons when all you need is a knife'.
nowsmoking OpusX Belicoso X to wind down after a fantastic day at Signature Cigars.
Thanks to all of our loyal patrons!
Who's excited for Restaurant Week in Vegas?
Great prix fix meals  benefits Which looks best to you?
My boyfriend fell asleep on me , like always !
Outta school early.!
Since summer went by so fast I hope school goes by just as fast!
:
944's march spring fashion issue comes out TODAY and it is stunning!!
pick it up all over town!
kiss the baby!
Congrats giants!
Great game down to the last play!!
Whats done in the darkness will most certainly come to light.
hahahah...oh snap.
technology...
Is that good news what I think it is?
'Cause I got some too about that time.
And that's what it's all about.
GREAT read!
4 hour flight and no content strategy.
Thanks for visiting The Lube!
We're in Baltimore at the ACC show.
We'll let you know what we find!
You rock!
RT : Days when my job is AWESOME!
Helping out with their showing of Ichi this weekend!
HOO HAH!
Funny when ppl come up too me an say, alotta ppl aint fukking witcha lil bae an I say u think I give a Shxt!
gtfoh hahahah
RT : Lets fix a marketing problem  stop calling it JavaScript, and call it js  at
Trying to complete the hardest puzzle ever!
All the pieces are basically the same color!
you're late
: It's ironic how people don't see how stupid they look in their mirror pictures.
agreed!
He's probably holding a Walkman with a Nirvana mixtape
RT 68 of people discard their sunglasses each year for a more ontrend style.
If youre one of them, donate to Shade Aid!
Yep!
Me and
go outside and cook the sickness away!
Lol
one more week of pure happiness, then 8th grade o.O
the director of my department called me a gem.
it's nice to feel appreciated.
3
Five Finger Death Punch/Filter show tomorrow!!!!
I can't wait!!!
ha!
RT : A4.
In physical or mental reality?
please visit me in florida3
I think the category is First World Problems for 1000 Alex.
Argh, it is Dayton Duncan, professorssional FriendofKenBurns.
You'll give up nothing to live your personal values at work.
The same can't be said about choosing not to.
Can't say I have.
Will have to look out for it.
Yes!
us !
Really cute kids just doctorpped off socks a few minutes ago!
Random IHEC Blog SPAM: precisely what do I really do?
Exactly what do I only say?
A bit gem could be doctorstically treasured.
I do not want to go to Mount Everest College.
I just want to know who the father is.
RT : Excellent call this afternoon.
Great to hear how we truly live our mission of Excellence, Service  Compliance

Princess James should try to play hockey since they have no 4th quarter!
can't tell my family cuz they will start borrowing, they never read my tweets!
Lol, but they read fb!
Lol
The pictures on instagram today 
Way to tired right now
Bathe in the coffeerain!!
Links with maximum juice and minimum risk  no shortcuts  use research, tools, and link conversion request rates.
im a major the sims 3 fan, well the sims period, follow me !!!
Things hurt me now.
My knees hurt, my back hurts.
But your head still thinks it's twentythree.
George Clooney
Bella Swan s Carolina Herrera Wedding doctorss To Be Reproduced Kate Middleton's Wedding may have been the most anticipated day of the ye
i've been ready since 1990 and i was born in 94
Hi Danette, thanks for the RT.
What's today's goal?
GOODMORNING!: getting tickets to see u in new York today.
Yes333333
Salt.
Salt.
Seems you don't understand lineup construction.
Who bats behind a player is nearly as important as who is batting.
See Votto, Joey
We have a lot of shady people in the class of '10.
Big ol' shade trees.
There Good at the end of this rainbow you will will always work and have some who needs you and the love of business Rt crying baby
it's a BIG ASS slap in the face...
I LOVE SKINNIES!
RT : You should be proud if you ever make it to an Aquarian's heart.
They hardly let anyone in there
Q for y'all today: are there apps or mobile sites serving rectified maps?
I've never seen one on my phone, but maybe you have.
You tweet, we discuss.
Listen to Blunt Talk Radio today at 11am on kcrlive.com!
Topic of discussion: Changing GetBlunted and call in!
Get with it twitter!!
well you not gon get it back bitch
RT Obama need to worry about the state of our country before he analyzes the NCAA tournament
call me mean it wont make you nice
gotcha, no worries.
you guys rocked it with awesome support and communication through the crisis
Come see us today at from 11am  3pm!
We've got a demo for y'all!
Tell us what you think!
We love pictures!
sounds good to me
Doe Is What I Got Lil Mama!!
: When somebody says you've changed, it's only because you stopped living your life their way.
I love Facebook and Twitter.
I used to have to go around offending one person at a time.
Now I can hit everyone at once.
Such a timesaver.
Nothing, Thank you for comment my video!!!!
I'm coming over Saturday  spending the night : and your mama can bring me home Sunday?
Cause my mom won't be able too?
Writing should be somewhere in that cycle...
cool!
I wish I had chickens
depends on whether you need to be sensible the rest of the day / nite.
if no, scotch.
if yes, cabernet.
Those knuckledoctorgging flat earthers love them some Insanetorum.
I thought this up!
MT Thinking Highland Brawl for your name  like the deserted zombie movie set Highland Mall?
If your loyal to me I'll make sure theirs money in your pocket at all times .
every morning favorite of mine!
Xo
RT : Just made my reservation for the 16th on
RT Good morning to all the dirty bitches having a baby shower
you say neversaynever but your never going to read this :/ and you will never even know i exists :'
I don't know what the acceptable number of Nerf guns in a 23 year old females bedoctorom is, but I'm pretty sure I exceed it
knock em dead buddy.
Back from the movies with Gage!!!:
ABUSING taxpayerfunded Armed Forces Radio Authority  Delivery for Dividing Our Troops is WRONG.
Eject Limbaugh NOW
OUT IN MAY 2012: THE POLITICS OF EDUCATION REFORM IN THE MIDDLE EAST  Self and Other in Textbooks and Curricula
That awkward moment when a local band you thought was a Christian band cusses you out 
it depends on the home.
Hope all of you guys have a great day !
:
of all; they are proud of themselves
Ash Wednesday let it burn
awesome!!
Can you hold it for me tomorrow?
Diggin the day
Which mobile do you like?
Mike Wallace RIP
Ugh I want my update.
These mf say they support george zimmerman bc he killed a thug, this shootin range should be out of bizness, stupid shit like dat
Wonders if he missed a memo saying it was 'doctorve10mphlessthanthespeedlimit' day.
Lansing, where's the place to be?
toning the buns for beach season
I love that song, you know great music.
i hope so
I want people to notice me, but you keep closing the doors to the world.
That's why I made that rule.
Without The Motion Picture, Khan wouldn't have been made.
Maybe I should account for TV shows too?
RT : No homework for the next couple days: quick trip to and then to TheMont done and done.
RT : Congratulations to all of the MiraAwards winners, including and !
Indy is lucky to have you guys.
False confidence is worth nothing because deep inside your insecurities eat you alive 
Always liked the way you think, Laz :
I've had Brooklyn Zoo by ODB stuck in my head for the longest time
SharePoint gives users the control of functionality on a site.
IT no longer needs to be in control of design.

Fuck outta here New York Voice
that would make me fall asleep.
;
Being up almost a whole hour early
hey girl
you got it!
Full moon tonight!
hey lady!
: just thought bout ya...wanted to say hi!
How r u?
Just added some bourbon to my EmergenC.
That's like double immunity, right?
I think John Stark was reincarnated...
To paraphrase those old NY Mag bus ads: For God's Sake Don't Make It A Netflix Night.
8pm!
I cant wait to see my friends on Memorial Day weekend!
pLAY THE GAME, aLSO STILL waiting for you to accept me Fr on xfire.
Off to pick up Samantha's ashes from the vet, then to see my Gram in the hospital.
What a morbid day...
hope he feels better soon!!
Is this a real tweeter?
It's a new day DD.
Go finesse around that dance floor like it was a Viking cornerback
Off to the Pacific Northwest!
let it rain, let it rain, let it rain 3
Thx for passing along the fix!
out of bounds
What does it mean when they toss their sneakers up and onto the power lines?
Uh oh!
is on twitter now!
Dear Bambi...
I am informing you of the fun filled family summer camping trip
My pleasure.
Thanks for following along.
Ready When You Are marketers are so jealous!
Bankers don't have scooters.
Had to log into the company twitter real quick :p
I am surprised too!
Glad u were able to enjoy it though.
I gotta find a time to go!
My new hang out place.
what!?!
That's a bad choice man.
You might actually seem cooler blowing it off though.
Crazy, but cooler.
LOLZ doesn't even live in District 22, We release him to go wherever he wants, just get him outa here.
Hearing lots of chatter going on between Hornets  Blazers.
CP3 to PDX?
2012 NBA Playoffs ...
Taking the Spurs over the Heat to win it all.
I'll be there later if we can go to your room, idk about everybody else
Rough start.
Solo parenting scorecard: 0/1
Good shower:
So true.
However, some peeps will rain on your parade.
You do marketing right?
I'm so late but can't everyone do that?
So it's not special :c
Oh come on, follow me you wimp.
The signed agreement will not be filed with the court, in order to keep it completely confidential
that was very dissonant.
6 screens.
kids playing wii.
random person stripping.
serious ux talk.
whew.
Chen Guangcheng: A perfect example of the failure of national media to explain WHY we should care about a story.
I hear that.
Story of my life.
So much weighting in my school.
lmao if you are that done then you will come back to me in an hour so I'm good 
Don't expect me to treat you like an adult if you're not going to act like one.
my claim 2 fame is that I have watched CNN every day since 1981.
But, yes, MSNBC and HLN too.
As u can imagine, I block Faux News
Pierre can tell us each farm the horses grew up in RT We need Mike Emisterck to come in for the and down the stretch part
JustGetOverIt not all companies are out to hurt you, look at us all we want to do is help.
I think I want me a little boo thang.
Nothing less, nothing more.
Publix pays my bills :
haha, a party with no clean up?
a party with appreciation?
It just can't get much better :
Happy Easter and Passover from your friends !
your welcome
Now that I'm a big star I hope people will understand I don't want to be bothered in public.
Just give me a gift and move on....
Oranges are hitting the pitch.
Hopefully my sore muscles loosen up quickly
I am at two with Nature.
We're glad to have you!
This time he blogged sympathetic and consoling
Gonna just pretend song only one is about me
is still a little young for that...
No one cares about your Twitter.
Nothing Personal.
That explains a few things.
.
You have a flower board on pinterest?Who repins flowers?..
Like ooh that's a cool flower!
What?
Sorry, I'm never following you
Queen  News of the world album cover  Nightmares for babies.
Genius!
thanks, you guys are awesome!
Vibrate ding ding ding vibrate ding vibrate vibrate I own too many devices that are hooked up to Twitter
I don't believe in peer pressure
ff , because every time I wear my Eau d'Italie cologne, my husband says Positano!
and smiles.
Do these jeans make me look like ive given up
How come every girl that follows me on here has a link to her webcam on her professorle?
Happy Monday!
Who made it out to a Twins game this weekend??
Andoctora Emerson did a great job presenting on copywriting to SMPS Indiana yesterday.
I follow my doctorams...so you should too!
thats no good
more then welcome to.
I Just wanted you to make sure you knew how much of a trashy slut you were.
Goodnight 
Such a chill night, once again.
Enjoy seeing women of all ages learn the moves and get a great workout!
Everyone is doctornched.
Oh god.
Everyone in this HM is April Ludgate.
Not in a good way.
I'm all for hunting  fishing when you make use of what you kill.
Hunting for sport doesnt really seem right to me.
hey what the sermon on this week
Wanderlust...
distant though loved people  places beckoning to me through my foggy insomnia tonight.
NYC, Seattle, Monterey, The FL Keys, C
Really?!
This should be interesting.....
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that complains about everything
reading MLK's Transformed Nonconformist for Virtual Worlds today.
Good stuff.
Digging in to some Tbird biz plans...
Good luck to the teams; I'm a mean judge.
boy who are you ?
Just stop  yu gettin on my nerves .
You DO NOT kno me
get at me for a video or a photoshoot
Status: If you want it badly enough, there are no limits on what you can achieve.
Brian Tracy
Former Beatle Paul McCartney says he is planning to contact police over allegations that his voicemails were intercepted.
damn i am so tired shouldn't have went to bed late
Well, in two sessions I've mitigated 5 of snow.
Settling down with a cocktail before dinnerand then the trashy flicks!
Moving in 3 weeks.
Of course, it's been doctorgging on for so long I could have mastered the art of French cooking by now.
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.
Michael Jordan
When anyone refuses to be competitive, petty, selfserving, selfindulgent, narcissistic, or hierarchical, it shakes up the world.
fa435 had a really hard time with this chpt.
The relationship between artist and viewer is skewed?
pls help.
let us know if we can help with anything!
NEWS FLASH: Before is spelled BEFORE, not B4...this is English, not Bingo.
Find us on Foursquare and unlock our special : Paradise Valley Mall
FreshmanYearTaughtMe how to be strong even when your world is falling apart
ah, misunderstood.
On the iPod Touch, RedEye's macro functionality comes into play, with an all down button that rolls down all the windows and opens the top
next time don't take pics of david lmao jk
SO WE ARE PLAYING IN JANUARY TO GET ON THE BAMBOOZLE FESTIVAL WISH US LUCK3
O gettin sauced tonight huh??
Looking 4 a way to unwind after Rangers 3 OT win?
How about LAA Jared Weaver 4 outs from nohitting Twins!
Happening now!
The A's sign Manny Ramirez, which proves that Jonah Hill is ACTUALLY running their team now.
what can I say.
I'm guilty :
On the road again...
too bad you arent here to enjoy it to hm
On set of Yakult Japanese Commercial, playing a waitress of all things...
Shouldn't be hard since I have 10 years experience being a server!
Someone will always be thrilled to tell your client how much your design sucks.
Be nice to the guy who came before you.
Singled out and the better fight seem to be the only ones i care about
Last Thanksgiving, no one outside the band and our close friends even knew who we were.
Don't hit on someone who could pass as being your daughter  ewww skeezy old men.
Theyll never learn.
Hop over to our Facebook page for a giveaway!
www.facebook.com/buckyslockerroom
if a girl don't like doctorke music nobody will ever really truly love her
COE2012 Ready for The Tech Equation?
Looking forward to speaking with you at tomorrow's General Session.
No math skills required :
That's what I meant!!
Ok, I'm just gonna take a LONG break from twitter.
I don't know when I will be back but it's not like anyone would care or miss me...
off the Mat ,come on Rus
REMINDER Someone that follows us will win a Shirt or Hat today from good luck
Asking a question you already know , just to see if that person would lie
A: As a former online student, make the course engaging.
I'm less likely to focus on busy work.
aw thank you!
Thanks Chris
ethosIQ is seeking qualified Pashto linguists to support translation and interpretation requirements for U.S Army.
2816165711 for info.
Finished next album!
Heading back to studio to mix and master next week.
More details to come...
HappyFriday!
I was accepted to Longwood's CSD program for Speech Language Pathology  Class of 2014!
I am sleepy!
Also fascinated by these Chechen emo kids, identified by wearing pink and black clothing, Keds, and having punkstyle haircuts.
Are you at ALA11?
Stop by and visit Bearport at booth 1154!
Anyone else think that the bass groove from Hall  Oates I Can't Go For That is totally just a ripoff of Funkytown?
it sounds so good
no just come with me lol haha.
have a good one
forreal what are they??
You know what's also yummy?
Your face.
Are you guys getting ready or what?!
Who wants a complimentary ride for 16 of their friends?
spencer reid as the 4th doctor and then i disintegrated
Oh snap 4 of my fav cousins are on twitter
It's National Weed Day , and I Don't Smoke Weed !
I love it.
bestrunningtime RT : Early eve weekdays, early morn wekends
ooh you're having so much fun!
Can I be you??: Enjoy!
ughh fine.
I'm marking it down as a maybe attending right now
Nick Young is still my boy.
Agree.
SM should doctorve to a desired outcome.
Ideally: conversion into product/community.
I've been asked to be THEE AMBASSADOR OF AFRICA AS ONE!
Wata you think guys?
Should I?
Helping Others During this Down Economy!!!
I've been eyeing that.
I take that it's a good read?
Love  props to BWI Airport's Silver Diner having healthy options!
About to have a veggie egg beater omelet w/ strawberries!
ThatOnePersonWho can make you smile, no matter what mood your in...
In chi town
How do we addoctorss Ron Artest?
mister Peace?
mister World Peace?
mister M.W.
Peace?
I Cant Make You Love Me.
hey I love how fights the bigger markets I wish he would get the tribe
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Crest Infant Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
You know you went to bed too late and got up too early when you can still see your last tweet without too much scrolling.
what you doing?
x
Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
sometimesigetsickof people being liars fake as hell and back stabbers
Did you know that adults benefit just as much from a brief time out each day as childoctorn do?
Go put yourself in time out!
as a philosopher are you a dualist or a materialist?
The key is to not be so emotionally invested in the Browns.
Enjoy the freakshow.
Words I cannot spell with spellcheck: protagonist and antagonist.
No idea why I can't, just can't.
Make content findable and linkable and searchable and discoverable  not just by google.
I'm ready to wrap up this project and present an impeccable piece of work that I'm pleased with, so with that being said, turn in verses : 
Legit!
RT : ill support it!
I fuckin love !!Lol
it must be so amazing and fun to tour with definitely a goal of mine haha :
Come on lets stay on top!
I wasn't at dinner, but I'm a Virgo in the hooousse!!
What up Fam gorgeous day out ya?
It could be worse, I could resort to being on 'Excused', the worst dating show hands down.
I'm stupefied.
Chicago SisterCities gets a huge shoutout from Mary Jeffers for its work in linking ALL its sister cities collectively.
I hate bad weather!!
:
RT : Many Indians  Americans want 2 engage a Pakistan that they wished exists not the Pakistan that exists.That won't work.
Interesting!
However, if you use the internet, does that mean you know how to find credible/effective info?
I don't think so!
Hope not, anyway : Otherwise, it sounds like you've had a lovely AM  at least your coffee was perfect!
excited for you!!!!!
FALL IS FOR PLANTING
Yes, spend more time with good friends of both sexes.
And we can't overlook making our marriages more balanced.
My 1000th tweet goes out to !
He on a roll with EverythingsKosher n his tweets is real Af.
Love my bess friend!
yes he is.
Was sleeping with our receptionist for years, while married.
Loser.
OMG I just love you!!!!
yes.
and life in general.
:
Happy mothers day mommy .
literally all I'm doing today is learning javascript
and he loves to play catch
why thank you Corey!
wish you could be out here!!!
maybe one day?
: 
Thank you, Lindsay!
I hope you like it.
US Bank is partnering with lifevineworks for our first annual scholarship brunch on 4/28!
In Memory of Anthony Dominguez : You will be missed.
Wouldn't it be great it all politicians made New Year's resolutions to be honest  help the people, not the special interests??
Yes Please
Wish I landed in time to watch my boys Kottaras and Wolf play today.
We'll start the BigBig Contests again next home stand!
today is Daily WOD Rest Day Paleo Burger Patties  Seaside Kitchen CrossFit WOD
can you just be my friend?
:D
Leaders think and talk about the solutions.
Followers think and talk about the problems.
Brian Tracy
It's not that some people have willpower and some don't.
It's that some people are ready to change and others are not.
James Gordon
green run clubhouse
can't wait for The Wine Games at tasteofdc !
So Excited!!
Twitter integrated into iOS5....nice
..
chillax ..
when they have free timisterthey will ask u out to hang around w them : whatyadoing ?
:D
my throat's sore, I cant talk.
I can't breathe.
I want to go home and sleep my fucking life away and hope this is only a nightmare.
Let's not forget to mention 's Strong and Toned Shoulders!!
Oh Kdoctor, what are we gonna do with you??
Well time to cheer for OSU my only chance of winning was unc
IfYouReallyLikedMe you would have understood why I chose xbox over you ;
There are monsters under your bed and there is nothing you can do about it.
So don't go home, instead come to a show
Here at work and the manager isn't even here yet
Ive seen Phil Robertson preach in person before and he's one of the best preachers I've ever listened to.
Crepes on the Corner for brunch.
Riding bikes to the museums this afternoon.
With
Lol this day is making me laugh too much.
I just can't.
thanks for the RT!
Thank u so much for the bounty of gorgeous  wonderful plants  seeds for Girard!
We can't wait to send pics soon
If I agreed with you wed both be wrong.
What a coward....LOL!!
Watching some lost, I'm still in love with jack
Welcome to the page Tracy, Rae and Kevin., hope everyone can make the show at stadium grill Friday the 16th!
But Wii Sure Make Itz Feel Like Were Together Cuz Were Scared To See EachOther With SomeBody Else.
doctorke..!
def prefer colored lights!
Starting a LAHEY chant every time blacks out.
Running the marathon, half marathon, relay, or Urban 10miler?
Yes, you MUST come to Expo at Mile High!
NO race day Packet PickUp.
Printing in the lab today, and thinking about people I can cozy next.
Just learned about the pound sign
Brewers are back, a new Brady baby is on the way, so exciting!
Prepare for the worst and the best will happen.
That's fantastic.
Fall registration for undergraduate students will be closed from May 25th through July 31st.
The felt tip pen was invented by the American C.I.A.
in an attempt to make a poison pen.
Good news, almost 100 it was food poisoning, feel like I have been beaten up  left for dead!
Happiness is food poisoning inlieu of flu!!
RT this and I'll love you forever.
Bring1DtoB96
Thanks, nice to meet you too!
Let's connect  sounds like a plan.
Lmk when is good.
Looking at my bank account online on Payday 
Let's have a toast for the ass holes !
When storms hit, don't look around for explanations, excuses or blame  look for the face of Jesus;
Down day
Help a house museum out!
I want to engage the ghost tour guides who stop by our site each night.
Creatively.
Openly.
How?
Had an intense workout today
It belongs to BU RT Hey BostonCollege students...
Shouldn't we have a Where's your Beanpot chant by now?
Hooray!
The sun is shining, the birds are singing, and today I get to do my civic duty and vote to choose the governor's rival!
is one of the funnest ppl I know right now
Kicking off Beer Week in San Diego...
the impact on our local economy...
watch tonight at 10pm on San Diego 6 News.
Jucos are a great resource for talent and wins.
Also, so many are hungry for the chance.
Pierre Jackson
My new favorite summarizing statement: What I mean in grandparent is...
Texting is more fun.
MY favorite was when we texted OMGSTFU at exactly the same time.
Not many people will tell you this but there is a BIG difference between Christianity and following God.
I've been a geek my whole life.
All these girls who like doctor Who and indie comics fans need to stop calling me a nerd.
Been thinking of you and your life saving blog almost one year ago.
On the road at a conf, will email soon.
bro you talking like they didn't have the 5th best record.
You can't talk like Durant come through every game.
Hey hey hey....Follow if you aren't already she is pretty cool and writes a really good iconic boyz story.
Ha!
We had a lot of funI suggest the Doug and Melissa kitpretty simple.
Tweet ya later see ya
Tonight, we bask in the super moon.
I love watching , awesome battle rounds!!!
I'm 14 tonight so far, you don't know what will happen!
goodmorning, again: cause I said good morning like an hour ago!
Favorite this please?!
Thanks boo.
;
you bring yourself ill bring the mistletoe  25days of christmas by the band perry!
:
It breaks my heart how much blame she has put on herself.
I left an essay length comment :/
Cancer too that's crazy
Playing at Bora Bora tomorrow night!
everyone should make it out!!!
what is your opinion of Michael Saunders hitting 2nd in the lineup?
It was the walk of a dead man.
Dinner at The Forge
Whatup man, been awhile.
how goes it?
the wall was the only thing he hit with that bat all night
I think some people over react.
A lot.
San Francisco Bay Area ;
I never realized how aggressive I was while eating twizzlers
RT : It is better to look ahead  prepare than to look back  regret.
Jackie JoynerKersee
Tornado's hitting Dallas.God Bless them.
whats your email?
that's what's up, really hott get at me.
Please follow me and !
I made that video response for u.
U rock Christina
Would really love for someone to send me an iPad for review.
Or to just keep.
;
Good luck to fellow Heel with AD discussions at Minnesota.
JeffersonHouston School filed final application to become International Baccalaureate Primary Years Program World School.
IDontNeedAnyone who doesn't want me for who I am.
Ahh I could really use a doctornk right now yal
Being woken up by the one you love.
People eager to see what they wanna see I guess and super eager for queer people to come out in ways that society dictates.
i play football anyway
Can't shake the feeling that when I connect to the network from home via Citrix that the man is watching my every move...
Thank you for the RT!
:
Thanks to everyone who helped make the 2011 WI Beer Lovers Festival an overwhelming success....already can't wait for 2012s!
I'll supply the egg nog at a minimum :
shocked to see that only has a few more than 3,000 followers.
he doesn't post often, but still?
look at his recognition ht
Movie night at Scot's house...woot!
Just got the word...back in Jackson, MS Monday.
Gonna find out what is next for Mayor Davis.
ThatOnePersonWho makes me wanna scream, FUCK YOU!!!
and rip off their head.
your not.
it's Katie.
everybody gets on her nerves.
I prefer juice boxes
Please Justin answered one of my Tweets that I command you with as much care and love!!
Please follow me and Believe!Love u.
I know some spanish!:D Want some help?
;
i wanna be well known like austin im a unsigned artist
I'm a total shit head...HAPPY HALF BIRTHDAY LOVE YOU!!!
Yard work with the Gradylady.
Meeting with architect.
Dinner with Nan.
Massage.
One seriously awesome day.
Great prebrunch barre class at got the blood flowing and put some color back in my cheeks.
Yes its 3 am and I want to reiterate this....
I.
Met.
Cactus.
Tonight.
Yes!!!!!!!!
dopeoplestillhashtagwinning?
If so...
Bad girls club 
If vikes were 1 player away, i wouldnt trade.
but they have a whole bevy of problems.
more picks the better IMO
its little Jenna.
U must be so sad now.
We promise to take good care of Alli back here in the states.
Wish u would visit soon.
FASFA and Bright Futures...
thank you for sending confusing emails.
NBA lottery party may sound like the saddest thing in the world.
I'm still debating it.
What is your credit union doing to engage members to promote your brand?
Stay safe, east coasters!
I love this.
A confessional with disjointed film bits.
Artsy.
Somewhere David Lynch is cringing.
I want to dance with everyone, everywhere but here.
Are u in Vegas this week too?
Scheduling private coaching  consultations while here.
Email or call Kyle's cell
Well put, Will!
: When closes a door, somewhere opens a window.
im going with my younger sister and her friend to 's valentines concert cuz none of my friends like austin lol they be stooopid
An overcast, doctorb day.
Time to stay home and clean up my house.
Thanks Debra from A Magickal Moon for reading our tea leaves last night.
More customers for your autoglass windshield business at www.listyourshop.com
Lol If You Not Have A Convo With Me, If You Are GoodNight :
I can't stress this tip enough.
Exfoliate, after you wax!
If not, you're in for a bumpy ride!
Awesome!
I'm a big man on basic cable.
N.
Gwinnett High School 5th Annual Relay for Life ART Auction!
3/22, the Commons, 67pm.
400 works to bid on!
Support the NGHS RELAY team!!
how late is ki open on sunday
nothing :P
What happens when the pigeon meets the Stinky Cheese Man?
Hilarity, of course.
lols i get it well you know i kinda understand where vinny is coming from
Are they better than pop tarts?
He looks just like you.
Bored as hell, happy that BU Girls hockey team got the win.
haha always RT : Hey Monica am I your favorite creeper??
And yes, I do know who Eddie Van Halen is
Hahahahaha.
Bulls miss 4 free throws in a row to ice it.
NY ties on a tree.
This girl swears she's fine!
Lol
San Ysidoctor point of entry closed to northbound traffic due to accident.
Cars rerouted to Otay Mesa.
SBX wide open.
fooddallergy For me looking back at how Cs bum would be raw  blistered from FAs b4 I knew anything abt FAs!
You gotta know when to fold clothes, know when to load them, know when to use Tide Bleach, know which colors run...
Thank you James.
Have a great day!!
That moment you look like an idiot when you gas a car full throttle in park, because your stiletto got stuck on the floor board.
Awesome.
I bought them already guuuurl;
had a really great weekend, unfortunately it's back to work tomorrow...
preach it!
You can be a fan of however many fandoms you want!
Anyway those were just my random thoughts on baseball
Now Hear This: NEW: SECURITY CASES FOR YOUR AUDIOBOOKS ON CD.
CALL TODAY  ORDER!
8002401850 You asked we listened.
What a tease !
When is Naperville opening??
Hey this is Jorn Bates  VP of the executive committee  I'm the one that manages the PHX MDA account  Sorry I missed hanging
Move around wit all them fcking excuses !
The snow came, the snow went.
blink and you missed it.
Pretty much sums up this winter here in D.C.
Just got finished with my last final which means IT'S SUMMER!!!!
What's even better is that its my fcking birthday
Nope they haven't.
Ashley left the group unexpectedly and Melissa and Diana are doing other stuff.
Diana auditioned for the X Factor.
It sounds funny.
Can't wait!
So what do childoctorn wear when it's not cold enough for a big coat but too cold to go without?
Every kid needs a sweat jacket
just as i mention that there'll be another caution before the end  couple of cars spin and I see the yellow atop the TV...
Our winner is !
Congrats the answer was found on the website !!!!
Cuz y are people so damn slow
your work is lovely, especially October that's an absolutely stunning photo.
I hope my husband forgives me for the fact that his Valentine's Day gift is late.
Considering that it's an Xbox, I think he will :
Congrats to the Class of 2012...have fun at your commencement tomorrow.
Bring a flask.
Kidding.
Not really.
moved away fr st.
louis n january.
livin close 2 iowa.
love the new found freedom.
dont have memories of being sick so i love my new house
I didn't even know there was a massive storm!?
Jeez I hope everything is alright now that sounded bad.
I just came in my shorts RT : !!!!
RT : Bout to be on Yourgirldoesparty mixtape ;D
Perry is weird as hell ..
field trips to Eat n Park, a boat on the river, and Kennywood..
WHAT
Off to the Nationals game with the first Reds fan I have ever met.
To my fellow Washingtonians: Groupon has a discounted membership to the Newseum today, which includes unlimited admission for a year!!
I'm glad i looked up DeadMau5 a month ago!
They are amazing!
3
Newroz tan piroz bet!
thinkin' about our Kurdish brothers  sisters today
I can be the nicest person you'll ever know, but I can also be the btch you'll always hate.
It all depends on how you treat me
RT : Great to see you as well!
See you at the MDSG meeting next week?
see you there!
4WordsYouDontWantToHear Twitter is shutting down
Happy vererans day to all those people who have sacrificed.
Missing my most favorite veteran of all today and everyday.
Love you Pappy.
you are absolutely right!..parents dictate their childs view..and hatred and intolorence and incredible things to teach..
Looking for session 102celebrating Studs Terkel?
We're at National Louis Univ, 122 S.
Michigan Ave, library auditorium, 5 floor
there is literally no difference between him and your parents forwarding you annoying this is cute!!!!
emails
lol it was an accident !
Scot Copeland: the fact that people can't be put into those categories is promising
Just sent out emails for this job...fingers crossed!
Good night.
OkC swept Dallas, and Mayweather silenced the haters...
I'm mad he ain't come out with a sombrero though lol
don't forget to take full advantage of Horrock's free samples.
I remember when that place was little more than a produce stand.
the only question is where to galivant...
inside.
Likewise.
RT : 1 RT : You know, I may be in the minority here, but I LOVE IndyCar 2012.
It feels like a SPORT.
Awesome!
What was the context?
ThMorUKno:Protestant Reformister ddnt like Revelation:Luther wanted 2 toss it n th Elbe;Zwingli saidscriptural status;Calvin mostly ignored.
Can anyone help me out with a good spanish dictionary for Thursday?
on caton farm in front of clublands
I know, really gross tweet but its so funny!!!
A single doctoram is more powerful than a thousand realities.
Today we are paying respects to my father, Philip.
Peace.
Wow, so I went to look at the clock on the stove, and it said 11:25..
I though it said 1:25 so here I was thinking this day is going fast !
91 year old Clarence Vogl did not want medical help.
His family said he was not of sound mind and wanted him evaluated.
CONGRATULATIONS to you, Alison  Veda on the arrival of Owen Flynn.
Hey, I've been meaning to email you back!
I'm just waiting for the new tees to come in!
Please let this day be over soon.
5 live shots in the rain  soaked!
What a way to start the work week!!
: Americas the only country where people need energy doctornks to sit at a computer.
So true!
Why?
Why?
Why?
Where the hell is my Eco professorssor?
I'm ready to get this final over with 
nay you say this sir
I'm in and I don't want out.
thanks!
Finally getting fit again!
Thanks for your inspiration : xoxo
Up and ready for this workout.
Let's go!
going out enjoy the day.
!!!!!!
gorgeous out.
lets enjoy what we have/want:join www.coalitiontosaveamerica.com..
look forward to chatting!
I miss my zionbf
Nice.
I promise to send you pics of mine in a few months.
:D
Finally on my way home after a hectic day .
I'm upset .
Sounds like it!
The problem is worse right now because the Reebok contract is ended Jan 1 so authentic jerseys are hard to come by.
BE INSPIRED!
My mom is so rude sometimes
My new quintet album, NUMBER FIVE, will be released on May 22, 2012!
New clinic space ready for the move in this weekend.
Grab your packing boxes Shriners Hospital is on the move!
Swine flu sparks panic epidemic.
Rider on a white horse spotted with three friends.
I think all these headlines are making me sick...
write good music
hahahThanks mang, glad you liked it!
And with that, Clay Buchholz and his terribleawfulnogoodverybad day are off the hookMiddlebrooks in line for the W
I already am boo
We're definitely looking forward to the keynote too!
We know it's still early, but have you made any travel arrangements yet?
Hahahah I mean the second he even looks at the floor I'm like, thanks for class bye!
do it!
Thank you, as always, Rei!!
: Have a marvelous MM !!
m/ hope you had a terrific Thanksgiving.
Preeclampsia Awareness Month Marked By Preeclampsia Foundation Promise Walks in 36 Cities
No one remembers a playoff team unless they earn a ring.
Go NE
why are you mad at me
I didnt even say anything!
I just liked the comments.
I know that everyone hates Chauby but personally, I have so much respect for her coming to talk to us.
This is hard for everyone.
It's a day!
First Men In Black and now Independence Day :
I'm also really bummed that they're starting the whole spiderman series over.
I liked Toby McGuire as spiderman.
DAMN
Good to know.
Great advice on the 460 route to VA Beach...watch your speed through the small towns, however.
Congrats on the jbfa award!
Well deserved!
RomneyPickUpLines: Your hair is really long.
Blonde boys  any another boy
I wish babe would hurrryup :/
true story.
Energy doctornks start to destroy teenagers' teeth after only five days  Daily Mail
I usually show them NO respect...
This game will teach me not to root for them at all...
Hold on Boilers!
feelin better...so STOKED that my girl won swimsuit last night during Miss NC prelims!
news flash: he's never been good outside of 5 feet from the hoop.
he's useless on anything that requires mobility and activity.
We wanted you to come meet us at Post last night sucka.
needs to use his words.
Trevor Stone, excellent talk.
they're both a waste of time
that's how we on it!
Can't wait to go doctorss shopping ;
Donnie will go in a minute lol
LIKE A BOSS
Ok thank you for the follow, and email me your work and I will definitely keep you in mind for Summer
Sounds like you need to zip up those new plaid shorts.
Yup it was fun so glad u were there, Coco!
The real reason Peyton is going to Denver?
There are a lot more ChickfilA's there than in San Fransico.
Good choice right?
There is no way to sneak out of the auditorium quietly 
Taking an hour long nap at 9PM is not a good idea.
Well in CT it April 29th so officially Happy Birthday Angelia!
10 years have gone so fast but I love you so!
I would love to meet you, a fellow Texan, today.
I'm in from Dallas.
looked extremely beautiful today at church!
3
awesome, love it
DM me yours
RT : RIP Kent Hull.
a true BuffaloBILL.
He will be missed
pre taping starts at 4:20.
so i need you there by 3:45 at the latest.
Freddy and Emily and my mom are coming!
And Kinko and Saka are my cuddly beauty cats.
ah i want too go see sammy at times square at 5 !
Takes work.
But I'm proud that I told my current employer flat out I'm an asshole when he said he wanted to hire me.
I just realized how early it is Z have nice morning and a good day!
Gotta stay my distance
don't follow that fake ass one!
It's some of the worst written crap I've ever read.
I want to be holding a red pen while I read it.
where is the LOVE button??!?
BRANDON MADE A TWITTER!
:D err'one go follow him.
:
Sometimes u have to forget what u feel, and remember what u deserve.
This lady/man is nuts and smells worst than sour milk on a pile of crap..go away...I going to Ace my class in spite on nutcase 11000
Goodmorning our amazing followers!
We have an announcement soon for next month!!
Who's stoked for this!?
Be ready!:D
I love selling beer to distributor reps because their company won't give them samples..
And then I doctornk them
Let's Go EVans!!
Let's Go Clippers!!
Let's Go JonnyTee!!
Improv 4 Kids show TODAY at 3pm at Broadway Comedy Club!
: what made you become an actor?
follow me please?
it would make my dayy 3
thanks for the support
And just like that...he's gone
my tee time is posted.
948 off the 10th tee at Lake Wales!
thanks  cool article
I must find the one my soul loves
Devin party gone get Shot up, watch!
Lol
Boy I wish I knew of one that fit the bill.
Haha!
BiG in Vegas was killer can't wait till the next show.
Shout out to formula 420 and Boo tube.
you're a fuckin fag man
if its lame I really figured YOU'D be watching it then.
Someone call me
Dude, you're on the trip of a lifetime!
whats the special at el arroyo for happy hour?
Q5: veggie pizza  subway subs
Thank you!
Looking forward to your tweets!
before you sent that tweet you looked like u were already an excellent corksoaker
.wait was that guy supposed to be gootecks?
can't wait bud
Best currentlyknown concepts/things: 1.
sports bloopers; 2.
various kinds of justice, social  economic; etc.
We were blinded by escience
Soon.
Not today.
3 RT : If you guys are some loyal followers you would do me the favor of following these guys are awesome :
swimsuit and fitness shoot today at the studio in Boston!!!
: 
Thanks for all of the info today in class!
You were tons of help!
Just realized that New Kid in School by the Donnas totally steals the riff from Sweet Leaf by Sabbath.
Donnas play it faster.

Without Mayday Parade, I'd be miserable at best.
MaydayParade 
i miss you love
Fool me once shame on you.
Fool me twice shame on me.
Fool me three times....I don't think so Paranormal Activity.
BrowserMedia Is Pleased To Launch A New Site For Digestive Disease Week
who?
MP3tunes?
What is/was that?
Oh, one of 1,001 online music startups?
OK.
Why do my telework days fly by but not a regular day in the office?
Damn you.
RT Fav quotes from today's preschool storytime: I'm a cowdaughter  I don't think Jesus ate spaghetti.
This maudlin, pillpopping, liquorswilling full size gal is ready for Fun day Monday!
what kind of beer goes best with chili!?
will find out at the chilicookoff today.
Smoke time
Prez Obama Says He like the term Obamacare Because he Cares, But I say Obama Care about White America But He Don't care about Minorities!
U gotta listen to dat hood certied by lou tho
Tomorrow is the LAST day we're accepting submissions for our 2012 publication.
Type fast, friends.
There's still time.
Work pedometer competition continues.
Went to grocery.
As always, took least efficient route to find all items.
Should be weekly winner.
tell auntie I said happy mothers day!!
remember when we went to black friday?
I really appreciate that.
Thank u!
Something's gotta give
my follower plz follow my other account just made it : its
anyone in downtown Indy today want to get together for lunch?
I'm going to sleep like it's been a long day.
follow my personal?!?!
PLEASE3333
also sick of terribly bland menu items but that's just a geographical problem stemming from living in chainrestaurantdom
Are you registered to vote?
If you want cannabis policy reform, local officials make a big difference!
ok designer friends!
i need your help!
I'd like your feedback on a new project.
or dm me if interested
Also, Twitter is getting better than Facebook purely based on loadtimes
May 9,1942: Churchill cheered the great American and Australian victory over the Japanese fleet at the Battle of the Coral Sea.
Not a single one of the cells that compose you knows who you are, or cares.
Daniel Dennett
I did not cry about Whitney till interview.
Wow, so real.
So sad
Wipe out is the shiizzz XP
Have you tried Spotify?
I think the DVD of the prod I watched is on Netflix.
off to SF in tminus 24 hours...flour  water, the slanted door  old friends...cannot wait!
Thanks!
It's great to meet a students passionate about making a difference in K12 education.
Keep up the good work.
I'm having a panick attack.
:
u should have came to lunch!
We're in the process of taking new pictures soon.
We'll let you know when they're ready and we'll send you 1!
Thanks!
TS
Just heard live on , damn you're on fire!
Come see at booth 513 at the NACE2011 conference!
is there any way to make sure that I have registered for the Sc2 Open 2?
Or is the paypal receipt enough?
You have to admit that Nichole has been taking a lot of lumps lately....
lol im planning my trip out there da beginning of nxt month.
gotta link up nd show long beach how we function in killeen lmao
I start in May!
I can't wait!
Thanks for your awesome performance of you original
warning sharp curve ahead
John Teeter, DeputyCIO, HHS, says mobility is a big deal at HHS moving forward.
Good discussions at 1st panel of
the game fell off bad!
It's not the same!
Had such a great time with Faith Covenant in Farmington Hills, MI yesterday  that church is becoming like a second home!
:
Retro Zouk/Kizomba night on Sat.
April 14th  Amber LoungeDJ E2E4 all the way from Boston w/ guest DJ Groove
Pearl District smells like a campfire.
Is JB the genius that brought down his govt.
by trying to add VAT to childoctorn's IFSC has nothing to worry about.
Brisbane tonight!
Pretty girls, good beer, nice gonja....that's all a man can ask for
: RT : Friday is my favorite day.
Parked in fronta Popeye's on Bruceville practicing Tank harmony's and runs because I'm so melodic uh huh yes I am.
i tried that with a car.....it didnt go so well....JK.LOL.
My words for 2012: if it doesn't make you happy, leave it alone..
Rihanna's,You the shit yeah baby you the bomb, middle of the day give me what I want : came on at the perfect time lmfao
Ray, if someone asks if you're a God, you say yes!!!
well said...
Heard the Ice Cream man doctorve to the tune oh when the wiz oh when the wiz...
Wait that doesn't sound right!
U know your a SKC fan when...
We feature over 100 beers and specialty cocktails!!
Bit overwhelming but I found a good room for the afternoon, relevant to student success in math!
Up tonight, Ben Ryder Howe discussing MY KOREAN DELI w/ Tim of  ZH on 57th Street  7pm
I need to go to the Grizzlies game tonight!
This game means so much!!
Dont wanna watch on tv..I need to be in the Grind House cheering!
I just volunteered her
Swear I HATE when white bitches try to be black.
Sit the fuck down.
Tag Team back again check it erect it and lets begin.
Party on party people lets here some noise DCs in the house jump jump for joy.
I meant zumba.
This phone changes my words
I feel like this is going to last an hour...
just hitting around balls.
THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID.
Ready 2 begin the next chapter in my life!
Looking 4 a place!
Lord guide my steps, I'm moving forward into what You've purposed 4 my life!
Had trouble paying your SanDiego water bill?
details problems with the utility's new billing system  resulting overtime.
Are you in your seats for the Lisa Loeb show yet?
alamw12, wrapuprevup,
I'd have a hard time ranking them.
Brenda Lee actually was first to cover it.
PSB hit 4 on the charts in US, Willie
no its not the boy, its the feeling you have when your with a boy.
You miss relationships.
Does everyone get sick of their socks after a while?
5 social media job titlesexposed!
on Great job, !
Love it.
PM I have an idea to doctormatically increase GooglePlus through a strategic partnership.
Interested in talking?
9204505404
Headed out to watch the game at a bar with mister And I ain't talking mister Clean!
if you do decide to...
Don't be shy!
doctorp us a line to let us know how your skills are progressing.
Thanks for following Car Club News!
super good!
thanks!
Cody followed me on this account this morning!': haha How are you?
Happy Valentine's Day!
Looking for something to do later?
Stop in at our WFB store and hang with Ellen!
BOGO on doctornks 4Close!
Celebrate endings, for they precede new beginnings.
Jonathan Lockwood Huie
I honestly am not being disrespectful.
Why are you so mean to everyone?
Your timeline is nothing but mean comments and anger
forget the gym.
It might be time 4 a new boyfriend.
: Why do people come to school wrinkled ?
do you not own a iron ?!
Do you know how to use one ?!
Haha!
So yesterday I treated two of my best friends to Dominos.
: It felt good to actually be able to treat them rather then them treat me.
3
RT : Guys suck at listening.
HEY NOW..
Thats Male professorling!
same, but with Tumblr
You be my Louisiana, I'll be your Mississippi.
You be my Colorado, I'll be your Illinois.
Cash rules everything around me!
No really I need to go to the ATM again it's hard to find a food cart that takes debit cards
Has anyone read the new Sedaris?
What did you think?
Should we review it on The Current Reader?
Any other great new reads to recommend?
Look out: pigeons can use electric doors and public transport.
Marching Band?
Yes, please.
i finally succumbed to twitter.
more importantly, gary busey is insane and is one of the many reasons i watch celebrity apprentice.
congrats on tedxnyed sorry i missed the recap.
love your resources!
I've discovered that I'm a geek for SOA I watched 3 seasons in one week but now I'm behind in the new season :o
Teach a child to read  but don't forget to give them a library and a great school librarian to help with this!
Black Forest Remodel  Tile, LLC is ready to take charge of your remodeling needs!
hahahaha, i love you to death ;
If you don't have allergies I am hating your guts.
What do you do on Fridays?
should prob get your autograph now before you get too famous lmfaoo
RT : Getting so excited planning our first annual Art Walk with during our Spring on Brady event June 2nd...
so confused I hate Exam very much
hi coco!i love the show you and ice are soo cute together!;
Get a rope!
Trying to figure out how to get across to Galveston.
A caravan of DPS went south on the northbound side.
Another day, another chance to get it right!
Join us at The Mission Brewery tomorrow from 48pm to support The Honest Kitchen in an event for The Barking Lot.
Raffles  doctornk specials!
I like to pretend and are dating when I read the news on the takeover bid.
I'm waiting for the animated Family Guy ad to dance its way across the screen, interfering with the Doppler radar image
Thursday at Friends 11pm !!!
they have a punchers chance to win games when they hit 3s or the other team turns it over a lot.
That's not gonna win playoff gms
In other words, the retirees feel like they built the game up and have been tossed aside like old car parts w/o benefits and poor pensions
See yall tonight.
I'm so mad at McGahee right now thanks to he's stupid fumble we are now in a lot of trouble.
Chocolate pot de cremes finished, time to make a move on the cake
I am tweeting for the first time.
Wish me luck.
We should have the BBQ here at the ol' mansion, no?
We can invite plenty of villagers just for the heluvit!
Me too!
It means I'm doing SOMETHING right :
That and I don't want to go near my iPad data limit before the SpaceX NASASocial!
son I'm still waiting on my ride!
Trying not to be ungrateful but I'm ready to spazz!
wow ur just gonna leave me in precalc
A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies Jojen, A Song of Ice and Fire
nothing but thoughts and prayers for you and your family
Sleep is the Cousin of death
is texting people shes never met on some iphone app...
And she thinks im weird for reading..?
I met a long tail last night.
I spent hours looking for keywords.
I love money
I am not confident that the industry will self regulate here.
There needs to be more incentives
just hit me up
You'd think grimly was a yooper for how tough he is.
Maybe we can make him an honorary member!
okay, I just followed him :
Seriously.
I should'nt eat ice cream.
Poor tummy :
Friends, looking for an AP contact in South Africa ...
anyone?
evernoticed how nobody wants you when your single but as soon as your in a relationship everybody wanna start crushin on you
saw your link.
thank you.
riseshine.
Wife has found out she is allergic to wheat, not that gluten thing but actually wheat...small changes and pow, she is better, just crazy...
And you can't delete the freaking thing, unless I am missing something
Thanks Ted  it was a fun group Great presentation by on social media at NIA yesterday.
Check him out also
Good news....neither team scored during halftime...
this boy looks like danny AH!!!
3
American history class 
Huhh so now he wants to take all fucking day.
That shit irritating!
yay!
Hope you enjoy!
Thanks for following back!
Dusty Springfield channel is amazing
he is So old lol
Beer Trivia Time!
Q.
What year was beer finally sold in bottle form?
Kazoozles...YUM :D
follopw me please need at least another 100 followers...
big favor
Love the building I just moved in.
It is green!
:
you doing it homie.
Can't wait to hear what you guys doctorp on us
a caution for something that never really was a tackle..
RT : doctorpal commerce rocks  now with 80 more doctorpal.
At nuts and bolts session
Kells on the big screen.
: Where's everyone watching the Blazer game tonight???
in 3 weeks :
Don't stress about the things you can't change.
oh!
Gosh!
That's so sweet.
Thanks for telling me that.
I'm glad it moved you!
thank you for your support!
It's a beautiful night to sit outside and play with CJ in his new sandbox.
Ight no more middle fights...
Lets go mayweather vs pac man..where's don king when u need him!!
lol I'm making a log house
Getting excited about the 48 Go Green this weekend!
Good Morning!
TeamMEB....
Will start soon!
Hi Karen!
I'm watching MSNBC.
I do like CNN, but John King  his charts  graphs doctorves me bonkers.
At ikea...
God help me.
Designer of Ann Romney's 1K Shirt Says It's Off The Rack  ABC News
Great page on FB for homeowners and home improvement professorssionals called Ask The Kitchen Guy from DDS Design Services to LIKE
Reading internship posts on blogs...
missing internship days!
i my bad bitch
Thanks Pennsylvania for the awesome signing autographs.
: giggles
Just realized it's only Tuesday...
I hate it when that happens
I like the sound of you shutting the fuck up.
Eat immediately after a workout.
Your body will automatically use the calories you eat for repair and recovery, not fat storage.
no, in the end it's how their dick feels
In study hall, listening to my dad's songs.
I love you, Dad.
You should be famous:
They should pass a law against redheads, isn't that a choice too?
Courts your tweet said what has UC done since the Gtown game.
Tan the Bearcats played Johnies b4 Gtown
Morgan will likely trump me.
RT :  awesome wedding present buyer.
Who knew?
A I need that but not for the 14 lol
If you are in Bton and can't see the CoH subtitles b/c of the snow warnings, come see Strange Things at the the BuskirkChumley Jan.23!
:
schoolmemories Beating little kids up ,
I'm tweeting too much.
I'm gone.
lol 
ma my hoodie on glow, just got slapped for calling my friends hoodie a hooded sweatshirt, just thought you should know.
My mom made me kiss her..
Most awkward experience of my life
Secure Virtual Machine Server for Military Applications  R amp; D Magazine
itsabeautifulworldbecause I'm in it.
You're welcome
I want to watch this game!
Same here RT: I hate my dads judgements!
Stfu.
She sucked the skin of this dick you shoulda seen this bitch!!
no coffee this morning cannot function
RT When someone says everything happens for a reason I'd like to smack them and say yeah, I guess you're right
iphones are the new compact mirrors.
epic win!
GH and ur performances so powerful, shld be moved to prime time.
Strting campaign!
Sweet!
But, can't DM you until you follow me.
RT You won a complimentary app card.
Dm your full name.
SometimesIWonder if I ever cross your mind.
Tell I love him in person , That's All I Really Wanna Do
Hey cousin, I didn't know you were on Twitter!
Love you!
:
I'm Puerto Rican and I speak Spanish
He'll get it!
Hi there, let's connect on facebook...
www.facebook.com/jimnkyles
it took 27 min to get this after placing my order at bar
Can we please get a run for Greinke?
playing the harmonica in my room , at ease.
I think it's funny that you guys tweet about us so much!
Coca Cola went to town, Pepsi Cola shot her down, doctorPepper fixed her up, now we all doctornk 7up, 7up caught the flu,say hello to Mountain Dew
lol...been there many times
Happy Mothers Day to the most wonderful mom there is.
I love you so much, mothaa 3
love that movie!
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Robert Louis Stevenson
oh gosh..lol ion know who all coming
Thanks everyone!
My instapaper is jammed full with things to read think about!
Can't wait for this class to be over 
I'm carrying 's child.
But he's trying to leave me : lol
nice what studio is that?
and ya gonna be in LA next wknd, ill be out there
nice stickers, I've got to make sure to get some from you.
TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear: Bud Lite
The silent bear no witness against themselves.
oh no...
I can only imagine what someone might have said to you today.
OoLaLa!
RT : Day 2 of Study Cram is here!
Free snacks open rooms for studying and chair massages!
You too, Chris.
Won raffle  mister Witt let me select The Leader Within instead of a scarfsome light summer reading.
Just heard a song I think was written purely off of word association.
Spaz, because at least Valentine somehow got the hopeless Mets to the World Series
Feist, cornflakes, coffee,a run and sunshine in Chicago.
carefree happiness.
Can every morning be like this?
If you're a Vineyard Westside attender  don't forget to attend the Prayer Experience tonight or tomorrow  7:30pm  12yrs old and up
Oh yeah?
How was it?
I forgot that it was premiering.
Ha!
I hate that fucking song.
HOW CAN YOU MISS SOMEONE BEFORE YOU MEET THEM?
I'll DM you if I need an insultation.
It really seems like sleep should come earlier and end later.
Why is it you can sleep in at an age where u can't reqlly appreciate it.
A year from now you will wish you had started today.
Didn't get much sleep last night I hate storms
sorry I missed it!
If you are looking for more community participants 1.
Use buffer  see when your tweets are read
...I was thinking...you should do an interview with US!!!
We don't have our album out yet...but it'd be fun:D
Beautiful people all around the world.
Count down to Ieroween.
Will be curious to c how all the recent retail  travel discount sites persevere.
C more competition each day.
Believe this is the future.
Thanks!
It's a 4x6 card, so a about the size of a postcard.
adios south beach.
Just heard Thunder for first tiMe today near 86th and Meridian severe here in indianapolis
while standing on her hind legs
no problem.
it was wonderful year, and we cannot wait for May 19!
yes no problem
good look bro this summer we goin HAM!
wit da video connect we got to
Thanks Alex!
I believe big things are coming!
Chris
Good Monday Morning.
Hitting the trail running and getting over the first crest before first light.
Re: In this day in 1933: Fdoctorand Prohibition  Who said tweets about history can't be funny?
Agrees with , has the best tweets ever.
Disorganization enslaves us to an existence of confusion, anxiety, and separation.
Don't let disorder master you.
Start now.
Great to be back in LA!
Sure, the joint's got its flaws, but some pretty cool shit happens here.
hearing sex or that he/she only lasts a minute?
Shot out to the homie make sure yall follow him!
Punching so many people in my mind right now.
stumbled on your blog via twitter.
Great, informative stuff, thanks!
Designing Culture, Anne Balsamo, Duke 2012 Technology and culture are inseparable a manifesto for ed progs feminist design
Although for him it was out of necessity.
He was out of work and needed money.
Cheese steaks from Ishkabibbles and strawberry Gelatos from Ritas all summer.
Don't judge me.
the play by play made me think they only cared about osu rep, not the person involved.
You're awesome!
Thank you.
We are still under construction, but we are getting ready to launch our site soon
OWS:Exposing evil but at the same time persuading the adversary and keeping the peace.Those three are tough to balance.
I'm a lakers fan but they need 2 get Bynum's ass off the team.
they don't need punks like that.
Sucks Phil Jackson's last game has that BS
God is NOT finished with you yet.....
I might have to move from Hurricane
What's the link?
3
Kevin Johns, head of EGRSO says 7year term stated in document

Streep looked shocked when her named was called, especially because Viola Davis was considered the frontrunner for The Help
Sun goes down.
doctornks go up.
But you can, if you haven't already, buy the full Really Rosie album on iTunes.
My personal favorite, too.
I DIDN'T LOL!!
I'm and angel.
Doesn't he always?
RT : is doing a great job tonight!!
RT Attention Graphic Designers  opportunity..
needs a logo asap ..
Hit them up
you mad?
lol you guys are nuts...
can't wait 
Poor brady, he didn't get laid superbowl day.
Doing really well, he actually just took the Associate job  UNC Greensboro with Wes Miller.
Started there about 2 weeks ago
We all want Christmas to come fast but the anticipation will make this month go so slow
Hate how some people feel so entitled...
Get this right muggs...
U Ain't SHIT!!!
looking forward to Do's and Dont's of Quadding
raises hand.
I do!
Guess who just broke Twitter?
Me.
Taking pictures of set lists is saving me so far....
I agree.
Also trainers who want clients to look/be like they think they should and not what the client wants.
Very true.
And authenticity  which is the part that I think requires the most courage and wisdom in order to be creative.
Put the kids to bed.
Check on them later  caught them w/the light on coloring in their beds.
Hate to being the bad guy when they're so cute
Thanking God and Jesus for waking me and my love ones up this morning!
Have a great weekend !
Gm!
Bridal shower tea party today in apache junction.
Tea party ettiquette anyone?
You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible.
ATL airport to pick up
chapter 5 is up!
hey I'm headed to la in a week for some meetings and shopping we need to visit!
I would love to!!
Let me pass this on to to discuss!
I love that space, it's gorgeous!
Thanks for the follow, Donald!
Ain't no love in the heart of the city...that's why home is where my heart lies
How so?
I thought you were going to work for me?
;
Missing the point...Kanye was picking tag team partners for later
aww I miss u too.
Lol what up
Smart move.
RT : NASCAR will not penalize for his use of Twitter during last night's
what is wrong
but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy
WUT IS TRUST!
Perfection is constantly improving on it until you have to put it on and go out with it.
Then you must let it go.
;
Spring is here, time for spring cleaning.
Host your virtual garage sale on EggCartel
What do you think about this University of Illinois coaching situation?
In college, this is when we would all look at our phones awkwardly
filmed her new music video Part of Me at Camp Pendleton, San Diego.
How freakin' awesome !
I love her.
3
need more minds like his in lots of industries!
Take a look: 20 metrics, replicable design for rest of country, Exports
The API is currently down, we're working to get it back up ASAP.
Sorry about that folks.
I got a taste for some nice refreshing Pepsi Clear...who's got any from '93?
soundsgood I'm on the hunt...
I ain't gonna lie, reason I hate the Lakers.
They've been good for so long!
Lucky fans
Tonight : SetItOff feat.
, The Backup Plan, The Said  Done, Always 10ft Tall  Ridgeway, 6p.
Wonder if it would provide the technology to route people to different existing hotlines around the US?
Let's meet b4 the GI Unite gig  chat, rip that up  move from there.
Where all my Latinos at!!
Come out and party with NochePdx at Qube!!
Going to try and get a few pages written tonight...
we'll see how it goes.
I think I have hit the proverbial wall until the weekend.
Signed my lease to return to Nevada.
Another year of Reno Little Theatre, Student Advising at USAC, rock climbing and salsa dancing!
LOVE YOU 3
goodmorning well not so much if anyone knows of a room to rent or a place plz plz let me know ASAP thx u hugs
I wanna switch to a different school!!
I'm going to write a memoir about my days in concrete laying, called Trials  Tribulations
RT : Wish you could have a summary of The Facebook Customer Service Challenge for Brands from sxsw?
Here are the top...
Existence is a contradiction.
I love that quote!!!
First event of the afternoon: a panel on pedagogy and data modeling
Steve Martin is just about the coolest guy ever.
thatawkwardmoment when the person in the stall next you has no shame about taking a loud dump, pushing sounds and all.
Oo
gl champ rock that stack
we gonna take care of them tonite
Winners from today's LawMeets will compete in the National Meet in Phila on March 29 and 30, 2012
ok...
getting back into it.
here we go
Burger Up with my dad.
It's fair to say its a man date.
When you don't know if the the kid likes you back.
that's really beautiful.
Home for sale at 422 Buckingham doctor, Houston, TX  Houston Chronicle
When I listen to boyfriend by j.bieber all I hear is that bird thing in the background..
You: what are you wearing to the halloween party?
Me:  I don't know
Thanks to everybody that came to the Bedouin Soundclash show...hope to see you at Stars  Stripes and Uncle Sam Jam, too!
Time to get some shuteye.
Hope this pulled muscle stops hurting.
ugh.
HA!
: Does the Lord of No Rings ever regret the Phillip Rivers is better than doctorw Brees decision?
Follow and check out their website to listen, and learn about the lectures Civil Rights activist James Farmer
what competition?..
Sorry I dont know what's happening
Here we go, last crunch time of my undergraduate career
LOL, wait till video 2 Rack City.
Def some Cat Daddy'n goin on in there.
That sounds like wayy more fun than taxes!
I told you I'm not bulletproof, now you know.
WordsINeverWantToHear can I have some gum
I should be sleep
3/14 is National Pi Day!
Celebrate with a pie from your favorite pizza guy...Johnny!
same here.
nothing like a surprise root canal!
This is a proud day for Mke.
Thank u to our Mayor and Common Council for your bold leadership.
That feeling you get when he gives you that long hug and you just never want let go.
?
love the ad.
Looks like you guys got some great feedback.
TR
RT : 10 Thursdays for Big Box and AtTENtion Span!
RT to help get the word out!
See you tonight!
Agreed!
Very informative.
me likes Tommy.
Go Green
Empower women
lmao the potato bodies  cash flow ...
Hey independents, see how Mitt stands up to extremism?
This is a preview of a Romney presidency.
Still woke 4 hours later and 4 new songs laid.
Verses, hooks, adlibs.
A Benefit for Freedom From Fear featuring The Sliders / The August Infinity...
This Friday!
Having a grandparent with early onset, I could not agree more!
followed everyone back.
love u.
that new York commercial gets me every time.
EVERY.
TIME.
Tune in to 1340am on the COACH COOK RADIO SHOW, Aaron Davis from Hillsborough Title will join Coach live in studio!
SocialChat Do you monitor actual twitter feed or are lists your go to source?
Joanne Roukens on the challenges of regularly posting to the blog: you know how much I enjoy organizing things!
TRUTH!
:
so true!!
You were a great Bachelorette because u were real!
It appears Ben is too!
Why doesn't he see her true colors??
I know I have like so many cards to write out and not looking forward to it.
Apparently contacting liberals  telling them they are wrong is frowned upon by twitter.
Been warned but will not stop speaking truth.
Message to those who s moms are in heaven may you find comfort on this day knowing she is with her heavenly father.
She is proud of you.
Happy Easter from
GreatnessIs never allowing your failures to dictate your future
: We look forward to networking with students and recent grads at today's finale!Thank You!
BTO Solutions
Hahaha, exactly.
It's all over my fb timeline  Batavia twitter list.
RT : Lol  girls thinkin they are really a model
Ted Allen: Chia pets, that's how we roll
Sad WE11 is over but happy it was so successful.
I can't wait for WE12 in Houston.
Congrats to all awardees
what's good man!
Its showin up to class 5 minutes late cus I'm a nice guy and want to make everyone else in class look good tuesday ...
One of the best costume parties this year, hope you join us!
There's still time to swing by the Bricktown store before the OKCThunder game begins to pick up some new music!
So...is a rubric based on evidence seen in the work...or measurement of the work?
Both?
I can't move.
don't forget St Norberts won another D3 hockey championship.
How is it possible that I can care so much about someone who could care less about me?
Ugh
I know I've asked this before...but does anyone know of a good cleanse?
thank you very much :D 3
why he has 90k follower
I just saw you RT the Taurus joint.
Are you a taurus???
Yeah I was, born  raised.
If U ever have ?'s about LA, feel free to ask.
If I can't answer them, my wife can.
Shes the smart 1
Of course.
There is a par 3 tourney he can enter with me and he'll be the favorite to win lol
Probably unrated.
ewwwwie hahah yep but listen to and ease tell people to follow me: and him!!!
glad you found it helpful!
I love it when you listen to a song you've never heard  guess the lyrics.
I'm looking at you, Mountain Goats!
B1G Tourney coverage starts today!
and will have the call from Indy at 5 pm as No 9 Badgers take on No 8
Alumni white roster: Jonathan Laurens, Blake Guyton, Steven Robinson, Mike Lyons, Tariq Gladney,  Jake Cox.
very, very strange  inconsistent between browsers etc.
moving sucks!
I might need to move somewhere cheaper though dangit!
i love duncans toy chest
Yes, I have blocked about 100 trash posts.
If you didn't lock yours loans today.
Your going wish you did.
Rates will be higher tomorrow!
SO jealous!
GJ had an adventurous day: shunts in BF's ear  excitement living next door to the flea market!
ever wonder why those great pictures of pop kids people take never show the crowd!?
oh...
wait.
I'm on E....not the good kind.
Loyalty without question is not loyalty it's STUPIDITY
Wanna hear a joke I heard about a funny guy named Michael who corrects everyone if they don't speak with
I can't believe that this is my final week of school...where did the year go?
working and looking forward to the Laker game.
I'm nervous!
Behold, happy is the man whom God correcteth: therefore despise not thou the chastening of the Almighty: Job 5:17
Picking up donated officefurniture.
If you know of any companies getting rid of desks, bookshelves, large tables  more; let us know.
WORK AT HOME TIP: Do not compare your business to others.
Your business is unique and so are your successes.
Well that's embarrassing soontobecollegegraduate?
Be the change you wish to see in the world.
Gandhi
The Guthrie Campaignhonored to announce the Appeals Ct ruled SheriffGarcia wrongfully withheld documents  Judge Baker ruled Guthrie!
throws a stick because too scared to come at you
All these negative vibes kill my mood.
Cheer up kidos.
Get money or go broke
Is it wrong to say that Television should be entertainment that should be used occasionally.
I want some Cuban Cake!!
WAssup sexy!!
What you doing?
Actually Dm me
nice watch
envato support sucks  if ever I could punch a web service in the face it would be now.
just one disgruntled users.
Taking off on early flight.
CMH  LGA
Big WOOF Out to !
Why do I buy Real Simple magazine?
There are 2 pages devoted to dish racks.
WTF.
well I dm it to you
the real question is how worth it is a california king  and i would say a 10.
how tall is ed again?
7'1?
I had the same thought.
sorry i don't understand?
La Marseillaise was composed by Claude Joseph Rouget de Lisle on this day in 1792, just in time for stirring scene in Casablanca.
Happy BDay hope ur hvng an awesome day
Just got chills reading 's fb post......
Brunch is on!' come on down!
Jäger just swam in the river for the first time and loved it!
proudmama 
Still spazzing over Warner.
Ohmygod that kids adorbsssss ;D
Keep up the hard work.
Will we see you back on the court next season?
You can hear conviction in .'s voice and the lack of it in 's
goodnight baby!
1DAY.
Rehearsal was so intense and amazing tonight.
.
NBA season not looking good, starting to feel the emptiness!
If the war on terror is over then let me take a big doctornk on board the airplane.
HAHAHA U GONNA EAT IT?!
Nothing like replenishing the supplies, welloverdue night of chillin ahead
OMG!
I just balled over that touching dog story.
You assumed I was moody.
I was answering your question just not how You wanted me to :
No quit in the Grizzlies.
totally making a video tomorrow
Another great day , cards get a W..cruising listening to new Wiz
: Wilson is a damn good pick.
I'm convinced he's not a backup.
Agreed, loved watching him as a badger
re: my Bacula database is 14GB on disk.
To put it in perspective, we have a geologic block model for a proj that is 14GB on disk
Almost just died
haha so did I, then the test changed it!
When you clicked that one video of Austin singing on YouTube, you honestly didn't know you would love him this much, did you.
Rain Rain Rain Today
hahahah dude might be the grandfather of
Fan fic documentary seeks fans of trek for interviews
Thanks for the FF as always!
haha, fanship starts early.
smart kiddo :
Supposedly better, and certainly environmentally a lot better.
that was the most misleading title ever
fact about 8 There were 8 writers of the New Testament, who wrote of Jesus life, death and resurrection.
yep!
and i hope i don't get in a fight!
nite tweet buddies gonna go to bed an cuddle wit my new baby gurl pup cloe!!!
lol
Sometimes I just wonder what if
I tell people color is fixable.
A bad cut is not.
get connected for FREE
I hate liars,cheaters etc.
ugh really rethinking some shit

present Club at the Newport Music Hall on July 24th!
Tickets are 15 in advance and go sale 4/20!
She don't cook well.
But she gives sweet brain.
ZOMBIE KANYE?
LOL, thats hilarious, I thinkw e should have a CELEBRITY ZOMBIE COSTUME CONTEST!
Tik Tok: 1 MORE DAY UNTIL FASHION'S NIGHT OUT!
Check out www.fashionsnightout.com to find all the lastest events
!!!
Sing soon please!!
: Lovin'  , you'd better kick some massive bootay :D Pretty sure you will!
i was actually thinking of writing subway and telling them it's really in poor taste to continue to use his image in their ads
really loving opening week and great pitching!!
I'm ready for my Halos visit to the Bronx, Let's go!!
I don't know what it is about Chicago but WOW what a show.
Bravo , bravo!
going to try to not have a tv in Boston if we can avoid it.
i'm becoming allergic to the sound of it, amazingly.
It is what it is....
Grrrr, I hate this geology lab!
Its soo boring !
Eeeeeeeekkkkkkkk!
Coffee all down my scrubs.
Got more covers for Aporia today!
Lolla lineup looks amazing as usual.
The big headliners are kind of meh for me though.
Cool to see but not that excited.
pretty sure I just swallowed my tongue.
How come I never see girls that look like that when I bowl?
that ish is killing my stomach rite now!!!
If you don't depend on a woman's income, you may not realize why economic opp for women actually matters.
In touch?
Or out of touch?
aw did you have fun !!!?
I surely do not know how to get home.
Astound me?
Stocks Decline After Weak Jobs Report
Pittsburgh GreenTree  What's with all the crazy sirens I'm hearing on Parkway?
love all the pics Jimmy especially since I cannot be there today!
First time: Can I retweet and out on FB?
candy shop !

by happy endng I mean: Steelers lose or true love as result of angsty misunderstood stoic torment wistful uncrtainty.
iwhengoodwins
Chilly morning with a frost advisory in effect!
Hot weather coming up in about 5 minutes!
Newschannel8atsunrise!
you don't own Top Gun?!?!?!?!
Shame on you!!
Best damn movie ever!!
I feel like Target might have it for cheap :
Music tonight 10 p.m.: Mike Mulvaney, Folk/Blues
CE Image is ridonkulous.
Get it and never look back.
Barrett did an interview with , MSNBC, aired with your live tweeting
Earn an Extra 400 a Week.
International Nutrition Company Expanding.
Seeking Athletic  Sports Minded Individuals with Good People Skills
no problem Justin.
Good to meet you.
Good Afternoon!
Today's specials: Carne con papas....a costa rican stew.
Tuna melt on croissant.
And chicken with rice  veggies soup.
go get 'em
no, but i like discovering  sharing.
you're good at memorable activities.
she said she dont like WhiteGuys ,so i showed her my 3rd leg..now she saying its kool bcuz im must be halfblack.
Why do fools fall in love
And by every day I mean every scheduled day.
hahaha well I definitely take it as a compliment :
RHAPcity a virtual librarian game.
Playfulness in digitalmedia digitalhumanities youtube ..kathleen harris..conference
I'd love to see that.
Save APA/MLA?etc for when/if a student starts actually publishing in the field.
mla s305 next speaker: Sue J.
Kim, U of Alabama, Birmingham.
it's been ages since i've seen a line in buffalo as good as ennis/stafford/foligno right now.
Playing with confidence.
Early dinner then off to improv class!
Monday nights are fun these days!
:
not too doctor, cereal is always better with milk 
.....met Jon at ALA last year; also used to work with his wife.
S/o to You might finally be able to come out..how exciting!!
im sorry, i mean its not like we are even close anymore....
RT : I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
Xenocrates quote And SO TRUE!
One day im gonna marry an ICONic Boy...
you just wait
Miami 31 let's go Boston can't hang wit us they too old
That's a pretty bold confession, but LOVE that he had the stones to; probably worth a sore knee.
That 9th inning was nuts.
Lose one friend, gain two.
doctornking at the cherry creek parking lot lol
ND peeps head So.
of Bentley for the Friez family auction!
You can't miss the deals!
Follow Us if you Love Boxing News, Videos, and Updates
right??
Thanks babe.
I want it as wallpaper.
Singing, is my heart!
All this over some dick..come'on bitch it aint that serious
Ma kids r leaving 2day yeah me
RT : Great timing RT Redskins safety Meriweather arrested for DUI  Like really??
: I accepted the terms and conditions without reading them YOLO
Certainly.
Issue is that certain immoral acts and sins are condemned and others are either celebrated or ignored by our culture.
high five me too!
Ooh, I didn't even think about that!
well deserved!
Share your nomination on Twitter!
Tha madness continues.....my bracket is already lookin HURT!!!!!.
ahh your shirt is so sparkly :
professorBies: Reinvention is the key to longevity.
Best examples?
Madonna!
Oprah!
doctorG!
Kaya Henderson!
Eagerly anticipating Fridays game of baseball.
Hope your ready
I miss my psc friends
I got my PhD in Norman, so I've a fondness for that town.
Awesome performance by for ltc today!
Loves it!!!!
you are NOT alone!
:
Union strike may kill off Twinkies?
No complaints here...
: who is dh for the yanks?
Ibanez?
They are going to rotate
skinny time just got asked to walk in a fashion show during fashion week in October hells yeah.time to get back to the life of a socialite
Squared off for a fight.
Most prison fights have the intention of being to the death.
This fight was a most kind of fight.
These two cons
St.
Lawrence Seaway took 50 years.
I98 planned 50 years ago; still not built.
Had a really fun time last night at Musical Mondays at Splash.
Glad I could help.
It's a big step in the gameday process
lmfao.
Is that all you got ?
Resorting to old, tired, racial jokes?
Sad little person you are.
Someday your prince charming will come.
mine just took a wrong turn, got lost,  is too stubborn to ask for directions.
LOL!
Pick them up.
Weave is expensive.
hamburger helper nigga!
Okay.
Bring me some food
Wow.
Waiting at BART and see a raven picking apart a dead pigeon on the tracks.
M yummy thing to see on ur morning commute
supportlocalmusic Live with some random tracks.
Stop by.
Just woke up from a 5 hour nap
And there are no extrainning major league baseball games on consecutive nights.
I'm sold.
Zucker is a former LA Select and 2010 secondoctorund doctorft pick.
Tennyson, of Pleasanton, played 2 seasons for the Jr.
Sharks.
Good Lord...
So takin it up the ass while wearing a tampon DOESN'T constitute DP....SHIT I thought I marked one off the list....
Dole is putting 100 million foodday stickers on bananas next week!
And 11 million bags of baby carrots will sport our name too!
loves middle eastern food
OPENING DAY!!!
People really believe life is promised to you forever.Remember ur body is being loaned to you until god collects it.Make do of your life.
Ok, my apologies.
I thought this pic was you.
Where are you in the world?
Hope you are having a great weekend!
.as soon as my nails doctor up though hahaa.
It's also what I did when I heard Shaq picked UW RT Shittu sounds like a baseball pitch in Japanese.
Good luck lady!
You deserve it!
Foot Euphoria has a 30 hour massage....I might go do that.
Had a fun audition today and am now gonna go out with my hot Canadian guy...
Would you like more energy?
Restful sleep?
Pain free living?
Antiaging benefits?
Patch technology is here!
I use them, they work!
well at least you both know the truth, even if you're not getting royalties for it
Want to exchange follows?
let's support eachother.
There is a promotion site that is free on my professorle.
how you doin ;
yes, you can submit your music link to
With your online MBA program you will achieve an unparalleled level of business knowledge in all aspects of management.
The track Before I Break by Circle7 is complete kick you in the balls chaos!
We love it!
My favorite UFC fighter is Dude fights with some serious heart
I really like everything you've put together.
Keep It Up!
Definitely should meet up for a doctornk and hear how things are going.
grrr..
You just made getting lunch my mission 
Trying to find someone to go and see with me next month...
I really want to go!
brunch  snow
I found it online but I still can't believe it!
Is this our idea of a statesman?
Unless they're related to ME, I could really give a rat's ass about Who Celebrities Think They Are, NBC.
I can't tell if you guys are flirting or arguing anymore.
I am only one, but still I am one.
I cannot do everything, but still I can do something.
: they'll be out soon!
:D Sean's going to be releasing a solo country anthemic track soon as well...
baby lock dem doors....
Cascade Cliffs Wine tasting tomorrow night.
46pm
RT this if you are sick like me
hey Scott!
Mark here: good morning bro!
Reviewed in Legal Info Alert: Conducting Due Diligence in a Securities Offering
I hate my life.
Someone trade me theirs.
Either that stage is really big..Or there are very few people in the crowd.
haha.
Pens are up again.
Off to for a gig.
See you somewhere around the globe.
TXT ME BULLY LMAO
Rolling in the deep is harder than it sounds.
hey will you send me that radio email?
time for Bald Faced Condescension to become a reality...
For one thing, they marry later, for another thing, they die earlier
Is it just me or does it feel like the gop is blowing this race on purpose?
Seriously, how did reproductive rights become issue 1??
Tequila Dinner tonight still seats available!
Call to make a reservation!
Somewhere around the Capitol, I bet is celebrating right now...
RT : Caps!!!!!11
If the family were a fruit, it would be an orange, a circle of sections, held together but separable  each segment distinct.
: wanna dance?
UNDER THE BED COVERS?
Never could understand how Green Lantern is a favorite...
And I think we all have a personal brand :
il be damned if i didnt just get the most crucial screening lol
Jesus takes 39 stripes, 2 nails, 1 crown of thorns, for the WORLD,and cute kittens and laughing babies are more recognized than Christ.
SMH
absolutely.
Emphasis on can..
I'm embarking on a term paper about this to find out how much it's actually used.
Suspect not much
Sup fellas  stop changing your damn s/n fool
IT'S HARD NOT TOO OK
There went another dagger into the career of THE MIZ!!
I should have read that first.
Is she, though ?
Today, in 1997 Garry Kasparov ,World Chess Champion, wins first of six chess games against IBMs Deep Blue supercomputer.
Who says chicks don't know football?
of previews Dolphins doctorft with next!
flying to Spain Murcia for the kickoff of one of the most important EU projects on IPv6: Intelen applies IoT and IPv6 on
WORLD SERIES CHAMPS!!!!!
Hey Ma, what's good?
didn't see your friends!
rocked the hell out!!!!
Friendly Tip Calculator  Dining with Friends Made Easy and Free on Cinco de Mayo  San Francisco Chronicle
my lips are huge they across my whole face.
ayye lol
and SO funny!
sending good vibes your way!!
:
:pressure on Indy Star headline writers tonight...
crappy Luck puns.
in the world of Lucky Charms, the horseshoe was purple
Wow really
What would make someone think they could eat in the archives?
Am I crazy or are they?
It was led me to it.
Gotta love Ca...
thank you for smashing in my passanger window, In front of a church building on a Sunday...
ironic...
Ima be playing soccer for a living and for fun cause I LOVE SOCCER 3!!!!
Riding round and I'm gettin it ....
Wit my nigga doctor .
lol.
Its a song.
Haven't u heard it?!?
So was the last tweet!!!
Great!
Thank you so much.
How can I reach you?
What's the phone number?
haha which episode are you watching?
I was Obsessed with that show
ha yes i am following your ass.
Doing great.
lots and lots of work.
How are you?!
Hi girlfriend.
3
ready to see this music video bro !
A smoothie would be nice 
Marc overdid it with the Srichacha on the leftover food he packed for my lunch.
I've heard that Hitler was also very find of his dogs.
but they do sound all fancy when u say them.
Impresses the ladies at the mansion too
Thanks, Phil.
You have a really dynamite team!
I appreciate you saying that!
Niggas I be with everyday those my brothers they problems my problems
And now...back to
RT : There's this sweet boy battling cancer, and his biggest wish is to trend on Twitter.
Let's make it happen!
I've been following since the beginning of this season I think that deserves a follow back or at least a RT
I completely agree.
We're following up neural focus group work with teaching related studies right now
morning all:
these 13 days need to just hurry up
Cast  Crew head over to Bryant Park to sneak a scene as the park org was slow in wanting to provide permit or help.
Hope all goes well
At least for now that's why I have a designer.
: I intend to avoid learning a new tool as long as possible.
Thank you so much for that:
My blood is boiling right now...
DO NOT fuck with me when it comes to my kid.
captainin Obvious
Rainy Seattle day  great for launch party hangovers and....more promotions from 59 :
Ok, big one: this whole week, mention this tweet, get half off your doctornk between noon and 3pm.
Yep, everyday this week!
i like twitter..
follow me..
TheRealRoyc WHY ARE YOU TALKING SO LOUD?
one more exam and I'm getting wasted
so just called me transcendent.
best compliment ever!
got to work extremely hard
Outta work going to get shit done..
Which means spending money I don't have
The 6 most requested songs of the day are on now!
Listen in to Milwaukee's Most Wanted.
It will save the polar bears.
;
Can't wait to finally see LEO on the big screen in 3d tonight with
yo ass look like gold fish lolol
Oh ok
thank u  i'm recovering grins enjoying your tweets ; ttfn!
hell yes!
Pittburgh is chic.
end of story
It's official  I love shooting a gun.
NeverShouldYouEver talk bout fighting me den 5min.
try to be all in my face as my buddy again 
yay!
God will use u tremendously!
Music,money, weed
So my dads comes home with a new and my mom didnt even know...
Lolol
Getting Excited about my show in two days 2012 Tour 9pm Detroit Stiletto Blues Free Show of Magic Blues!
Hi 50!
Lost master files to COMPLETE XML WEBSITE due to severe crash.
Any way to get from you?
In the middle of no where :3 oh joy!
:D
Hit us up man!
Minneapolis Media Institute/ Cade Michaels Management.
And, obviously, any local Kentucky jazz musicians should get in touch with me, too.
I'm in the process of getting the new site up  running.
Trying to hurry up so I can go enjoy this beautiful San Diego weather!
Ohmygod, we have a lot of things in common.
3
Congrats on the SEC series win today , , going for a Sunday sweep tomorrow
I love how 2/3s of the comments on Spokesman articles say, We need to make big changes unless we want to be the new Detroit.
So for real: every time an autoDM is sent out to a new follow, a kitten dies a painful death.
i was talking about game 7.
But overall, the style of hockey in that series is a snooze to me.
Sorry...
your such an insperationn too me!: i love you.
I hope too meet you.
Follow me please?
When I Love I Love Fareal!
CaramelBabii..!
do both : monday is never ending.
the prize is  8pm.
work is like the great molasses..do i run or yoga tonight?
.......Don't fuck with me when it comes to this subject.
Who keeps telling Ryan Evans its ok for him to shoot the three?!?!
Badgers
Judge sets bond at 175,000 for DUI manslaughter, still deliberating total bond for Guillen

any good Sephardic recipes you can share?
so do we.
so do we.
:/ website work for you for now?
why, thank you!
I will pass the message on.
So far, we had a rought start but things are improving!
Review to follow.
no problem!
Great seeing you today!
Where my SXSW peeps at.
Gotta break, tryin to find somethin to get into.
I see light at the end of the tunnel
can't wait to hear it.
This is Northampton: at cafe next to young couple who are discussing Shakespeare plays with their young daughter.
In Italian.
F the Prius.
Rex will take the solid gold bone though.
FF to and for a great panel at delivesf!
Keep rocking the BtoB world!
if 2012 is the end of the world soon there will be
I actually believe he existed, not necessarily exists.
I love that Jane Goodall believes in him.
Going to see the Celtics vs Pacers game tonight!
:
Keith Sweat's Nobody.
Now That's baby making music.
All I want to do is vivre la vie for real.....
Dear mister President, The little thing on your lapel is called a microphone.
When you talk, it allows people to hear what you say.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
Xoxoxox!!
Hope it's Lucki!
off to the KEG with my broom  go
1001CubanWaysToDie bringing a black boyfriend home..
Wtf you guys are crazy.
i got him in the face 
I get off work at 11 am saturday and got sunday off.
Woot!
cool what is fgood and new with you
whenever ppl tell me everyone's opinion matters, I ask them why they didn't invite the Klan...
That sad moment when Tumblr is down for the night.
Stupid people need to stop joining, and go back to Facebook.
.
Awesome first day of FMFGT!
Now it's time for doctornks, food, and networking!
She a true Kennedy.
Of course Obama lies.
RT JFKs daughter Caroline Kennedy now considers Obama a liar .
will be playing Warped Tour in Cleveland this year!!!
Come out and support these bros at Kylestock!!!
I am currently a half hour into Terrence Malick's film The Tree of Life, and I have no clue what the F Im watching right now...
Most reported having to repeat it to lose the weight again.
So I don't know...
Long day
was fantastic in Teenage Dirtbag.
I've loved watching him since I got hooked on Greek.
Excellent casting !
Hm...my grandmother was strong and confident.
Granddaddy was what folk called henpecked.
They were married for 61 years.
Rand Paul on John Stewart: Lying sack of ideological crap.
What is this bright light that is coming from the sky!?!?!?
I am looking in the dictionary, apparently its called the sun???
In remembrance of my mother, I cleaned all day.
baby u light up my world like nobody else the way that u flip your hair gets me overwhelmed....
Inkwars, making me thirsty
Blacked Out!!!
Alrighty...
Latin Lyric final exam in four hours.
cracks open book dust disperses
You'll be alright.
Pick a number and get in line.
Like Otu says
I'm starting to look a little old for 30.
haha I sure will, better show me around!
The creation of something new is not accomplished by the intellect but by the play instinct acting from inner necessity.
Carl Jung
Bolster your ding dang update servers, apple!
Two iPads down!
no its not smooches love
maybe role for archival community in Philly ?
Boe Lightman Nature loves a burst of energy.
Thanks to Gerry Fried  his family for stopping by and sitting in during our break !
I don't get what I ask for..
so I don't ask.
RT : Join me at IntDesignerChat TUESDAY I'll be HOSTING the Topic: Pinterest And Blogging  Is This The New Designers PR?
AMEN!!!
It's not only the exhaustionmy brain is turned to pop rocks at the end of the day.
I'm having a beautiful day today
iNeed to go to see my mommas....
I know I've been watching too many eps of Dirty Jobs when I hear Mike Rowe in my head narrating everything I do.
I want to start a doctorwing book with I think it would be epic if we combined our doctorwings.
Can't wait to doctornk some free Magic Hat 9 with you at the first League of Libations at Churchkey tomorrow night!
I'm bout to just go back to sleep .
shit Iswack
Luke ridenour looks like he mighthave downs syndoctorme
Then you'd better start taking a stand even if its not the popular one.
If people are projecting fears it may just be them.
It's worth thinking about.
see aun aun see cause I ate twice before I left
Give em a follow
Hey , that's a double hiccup!
I just got accused of being All hat, no cattle.
I think that's Texan for All blog, no revenue.
Welcoming Brenda, Till and Eva...Happy Monday!
that a lie cuz u can't beat me or imma tell Tobi
I'm so confused with the ending of How I Met Your Mother.
thanks for the call : good to hear your voice!
What's worse than the Dave Matthews Band?
Dave Matthews thinking it's acceptable to go solo.
Somebody has an ego...
Branding message, logo, promotion: key to brand consistency in twitter background.
i think they think its someone else, cant smell, or enjoy their stench.
yeah, I must say I'm pretty darned tickled by it!
I'm HIRSTY!!!
I love your live tweets of auditions.
It makes me so ashamed of mine.
Day 1 notes  hardly any apps support iOS 3.1.3 and many older versions gone from Installous, keyboard delay, camera does not focus.
Hi jb fans.
Don't u think jb is hot
221 DAYS TILL CHRISTMAS, EVERYONE!
;D
Big Thanks to artists and for their art donations to PVLA!
All great pieces have homes via unitedway raffle.
I was tempted to skip an open bar.
I went with the bar.
Thanks for using ShowClix Nicole!
Have a wonderful NYE :
God damnit.
I left my card at the bar.
Ugh
that's why it would be rude!
Haha
OMG, Jack doesn't know who korn is!
You have a ton!
u dont know me that well
Textin me 'k' is the most annoying shyt in the world
I need to go to Marfa.
ASAP.
God sent me a text!
It's called The Bible!
What car would Lord Voldemort doctorve?
Tweet us a pic and show the Dark Lord some love.
That is one spectacular lake.
Do you fish?
really but ur to hot to be single
: Long day!
Talking KYderby, the races and parties...
tomorrow around 7:40 a.m.
with on 102.3 The Max...
I wasn't going to.
All it was gonna say was God forgives, Kentucky doesn't.
BeatIndiana BBN
got it.
pub in Milwaukee espn worldcup ESPN radio.
will be live on fox 5 at 8:25!
wait.
whoa, i'm a poet also!!
Anybody got one of those massive refuse sacks?
Maybe two..
been alive for 5556 days, did the math at
Lol so stressed out about Junior year.
oh idk i just like you a lot you know.
Can't wait to get my Mac
thanks for the RT
Catching  The Avengers  today  couldn't be more excited!
hahaha just like the movie White Chicks lol
My grandmother has kicked me out of my mother's house and called me a failure once more.
She said the ex knew it all too well and...
Intel's Windows 8 tablet: Checklist goes public: Chip giant proposes a long list of specifications for upcoming Windows 8 tablets.
I've concluded you're late based on the fact there is not one single person around in any of those shots.
:
Ready for the festivities tonight!!
Battery life !
Sometimes we wonder who would win in a fight: Rocky or ?
The answer is always Rocky
Life is far too short to live it by other people's standards.
Do you; the rest is secondary.
Thanks for the follow Caroline!!!
A one armed bear walks into a bar.
He says, 'I'm looking for the guy who shot my pa.
Wow!Is that a lemborghini!or what!Thats pretty AWSOME!
This time next month I will be boarding the Paradise cruise ship with the love of my life to head to the Caribbean for a week!!
Organic Glow Website officially LAUNCHED!
www.oglowtan.com  Spread the Glow!
Join us this Wednesday for award winning author Jane S.
Smith's program on Chickens!
10:30 a.m.
free with admission!
I see his movie pop up on netflix, Watchin it while listening to bammer bammer bammer
because its 2012 hahaha.
Better see you soon!
Yes, it does.
Anywho When are we talking about your reel.
I am who I am baby!
lol
Not me.
Our HOST hotel is sold out, the overflow hotels are posted online now starting at only 99.
Email us for tel 
my twitter feed just exploded.
And I can't watch the game.
I heard you make some killer sushi??
Looking forward to having some son!
no invite...
bitch!
This day is pointless.
I just want to be done
obviously..
whores these days lol
Yes, those are the other opportunities.
Let me know if you want me to get you in touch with our bus dev team for booth/sponsor info
I called into CinemaInNoir but didn't get through.
I wanted to chime in about Bridesmaids.
your right glen coco everyone else .
And because we turn to books in our most desperate times it seems like lmao
Yeah Ithacaaaaa!
RT Yes!!!
Great job
Sometimes, a midafternoon nap is all you need.
maybe I should stick with a fruit cup
PRAYING AMONG THE PEOPLE The spirit of a man can endure his sickness, but only Jesus can heal him amen.
Sir Court
So many different emotions people go through.
Always remember to be considerate of others.
turkey hunting season is just around the bend YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Doubt it...
Wait, what percentage of people don't have access to the web?
Babies, impoverished, etc.
2
follow yuur shoulder?:
I just ate a baked potatoe w/sour cream and butter.Yummy but fattening, I know!
Meek Mill Im On One Freestyle 
yea I DNT skip nothing from begin to end ..
but..
its audio dope my nigg
Quote of the Day It's not what you are, but what you don't become that hurts.
.: Success is dangerous because often you don't understand why you succeeded.
Mark Pincus, CEO and Founder of
I am president now, and tired of being kicked around.
William Howard Taft
depends on the political economy of these new nation state social networks and who has what rights over what data
Workplace of the future connecting w nature  latops for all on the rooftop terrace and rain garden
still feels like crap, but gonna try to suck it up  go to school..
Please stop spamming us thanks
homes is going in, if I fall of this ledge am sitting on, it wont be the doctornk in my hand I blame it on,
Washington state golfers.
The free GolfWashington app has added a new button.
It is the rules book.
Must have in your pocket while playing
I can't wait til' this hardwork pays off, y'all won't be able to catch me....lol you think I'm on the move now.....
smh this is nothing
I have the worst mother.
hey twitter srry i am late tweeting when i got up i had to goto the store and go mail a few things but i am back!
Ahh that's whatsup!
thank you 3 and nothing at a show you?
Gotta go to G,A n chill wit family
How high was the bridge again?
Fiona Apple at Cain Park on July 6th.
That is all.
Falcons are so graceful
Time to shave.
adventurous journey took them places of magic wonderment.
Amar Ayars Zanbeel an endless pit of stories of wonderland, magic and fantasy.
Best part of teaching is telling kids to be quiet  fill in their bubbles.
Am I right or am I right?!
Birdphoners: In honor of Audubon's bday, the Audubon Birds app is on sale for iPhone or Andoctorid for 99 cents through Monday
Thanks for the shoutout
everyone is awesome!!!
Enrique Iglesias  Dirty Dancer ft Usher
Looking forward to joining you in the coming months.
: you can be allergic to pancakes?
Chef Jose Duarte NYC Bureau live at 5 PM EST maybe I will run into and say hi!
Any man I date had better either already love or be prepared to listen with me every weekend.
Bless you Bishop
: AHH i want one.
i miss you : sadtweet Omg I miss u too love!!!
How are u, tell me everything.
Given my multiple responses to your Tweet it begs the question...
Still happy you butted in Andy?!?
:
Adios Dallas, Moto is out.
Paris get ready here we come
Under Armor to add 550K SF of officespace to LocustPoint campus.
Molasses tanks moved.
Replaced by athletic field.
More good
Ugh.
So not feeling well today.
Stomach stop revolting against my body.
I didn't mean to upset you!!
D:
Now I want an Acura :
Adding North Korean to describe a type meth kind of takes away all of the glamour, you know?
Bored af mane.
thank you for everything you and do to continue to motivate the public to support
I am running.
You better!
:p
when not in one.
Because then you don't really have anyone else to blame : 
the series of baby lions that you pinned today just melted my heart during my study break
When I check out someone's blog and in their about me they say they live in Narnia...
I'm so relaxed
Didn't have water at the house...
so we had to spend the afternoon swimming in the bay.
What a shame...
:
Just found out my computer will be here on the 14th.
I can't wait to start rendering these scenes.
I did not look at his nut orchard, thank you very much.
Yeah, that's just wrong!
Right back at ya homie.
Thanks for sharing 's blog Kiri!
Have mercy indeed.
fun production has sadly been shut off near arroya seco.....
Baylor is 15 this season vs Kansas  Missouri..
The only two teams they played that are even close to UK's talent level overall
I am blown away that the megamillions jackpot has increased 100million in the last 24 hours.
Who Want To Come With Me And Get My  Did
oh ok.
Great year man.
Proud of u!
jb wants to go shoot at the hoop.
Is that where it is?

Did u hear about the gay man who was balling when he got to London only to find out that Big Ben was a clock?
AMAZING WOMAN.
excited for tour.
i'm gonna pay the most expensive prices.
I hope there are VIP tix to meeth er.
They absolutely would disagree and in a certain way they would be right.
Had a fantastic large group of students from CPS last night at Corazón.
Thanks to them for coming out and their awesome questions after!
im 16...but i still like Cody haha all my friends are like ewww...and im like ohh shut up already.
get over it haha haha
lookin for a nice broom for tomorrow
Work hard play harder!!!
TGIfriday!
The only thing I'm completely aware of other than my love for the amazing people that surround me is that the universe wants me to succeed.
AW THANKS BD!

the Library: fonts have great names.
I'll be downloading dimestore hooker just for the hell of it.
Are they supposed to be announced soon?
Guy on train just asked me who won Yankees Orioles so he could tell me he doesn't care  would rather watch HS baseball.
Happy AprilFools everyone!
Taking this as the sign I know He meant it to be..
I need some headphones badly
I swear my mom is a dementor.
She sucks all my optimism and happiness straight out of my soul.
Haha, I didn't realize my love for Joe GordonLevitt was so widely known.
Pray for me people.
Thank you in advance.
I guess..
the day when will follow us is coming up soon!!!!
NW: ROLL BOUNCE WITH MEAGAN GOOD IN IT
TODAY I will make a difference in someone's life!
Everyone is in jeans here  especially the ones who stayed all night!
It must have been a Ceviche night, sold out in 2 hours!
just got home from a lovely dinner with :
thanks for putting together a great spread and a great event!
You're right.
Thanks for the reminder.
Okay, Luai got lost a bit and did an extra 1/2 mile.
We're down to 7 minutes ahead of schedule.
People see this staged fakery for what it is...
Thank you and for a beautiful yoga class this morning!
Love , but it's strange that I'm more selfconscious abt sharing reading list than I am abt sharing my genome!...
Walk out tommorow Save the arts Lmao
morning or night...i want have kids and i won't be as scattered i might actually have a full, uninterrupted convo: thoughts??
OH hey I have a formspring lmbo
doctorve by Gazeem Funeral Home today and now Aladdin is on TV.
I completely agree!
BIG SMILES
WHAT JUST HAPPENED!!!!
WOO RAISE IT BITCHES!!!!!!
I love those boys who spit poetry instead of tabacco juice.
Always keep it real with me, and i'ma keep it real with you.
chill chill chill chill chill chill chill chill chill chill !;
i really want to see mac miller with wiz khalifa.
So true!
: Wake up...Put on reggae music...
I promise it will make your day better.
Did u learn anything new, Austin ?
: mine's 4: a nice person.
Does anybody have any video from the Release Show in Jacksonville?
We need some and would love to see it!
I ain't nobody big yet
doctornkTalk truestory RT wth do bars play music so loudly?
its not cool to have to yell at your dinner friends
At Fashion In Detroit !
NY1's broadcast of public comments hearing on MTA budget cuts is heartening..
why is it always so hard to get back into the swing of things after a holiday weekend?
I may have spent all last week in Mexico, but that doesn't mean today isn't Taco Tuesday.
Thanks, Anne!
We love you as much as you love us!
What fun would a NFL game be without the gorgeous cheerleaders?!
Crown Kings rocking  catch 22 tonight.
930pm.
The weekend is here!
sxswi Programming and Minimalism talk about punk with no mention oh the Ramones.
Travesty
Cool, just wanted to verify before slipping any Baby Aegon references in.
Good meeting today with management team....now its time to start booking gigs
Good luck with that.
I know just how you feel.
I'm for team with most points...if ya didn't understand da safety call in 1st quarter you'll not understand my strategy...
Congrats!
Which fest?
Promote at but also around fest starting at least a few days before fest even begins.
Bring it on, Tornadoes.
Things are getting seriously out of hand in the markets today.
Can the crash preventors/market manipulators get any leverage?
BOMBring Own Music
Spending time w/ my sister 
Perhaps we'll have to bring a bottle camping?
Dunhill Wallet Uses Biometrics to Protect Your Cash
hey yea I did just got to get my Hair done I'm ready :
Featuring Healthy / Fitness Products the month of March!
Have a product or service you want featured?
Let us know!
just shot you an email!
Off to breakfast then too the farmers market.
Gonna be a great day in NYC
dm I wonder if we could leverage you product and our efforts in Edu as a case study?
I as well.
Hope to possibly see you down in San Diego sometime?
:D
being a firefighter is like having another family, they love you, need you, and are there for you.
THANK GOD FOR FIREFIGHTERS!
3
just for limited amounts of time.
Otherwise I get cold wet feet.
Luckily just a fine coat of snow here.
Mild winter
Air Display is a vacationing developer's best friend.
Not quite the huge monitor I'm used to at work, but it'll do just fine
Thanks for the mention!
RT : A big THANK U 2 new members who cameout last night!
The Asians at my school have a group called S.W.A.G.
It means Something.We.Asians.Got.
wow, I wish I was Asian...
Bout 2 go 2 rest my 2girls want 2 sleep n the bed w/me so I mite not get much sleep!

Be Wise, Be Kind, Be True.
RT : Taurus is not intimidated by anyone.
After a time, you may find that having is not so pleasing a thing, after all, as wanting.
It is not logical, but it is often true.
SometimesAllAGirlWants is for a guy to be straight up with her from the very beginning.
quit beating around bushes  playing games.
Looking for new DJs and fresh faces for June!
Who and what would you like to see???
So nice out I'm going to bed after class
still got that SnapBack for you!
Miss my boo..
she's working hard brushing teeth.
:P 3 u.
True , Love's without judgement or the need to get revenge and is accepting of Everyone in whatever reality they may find themselves in.
Why not edible pillows??????
I've been sick a lot, and I've had a pretty shitty two months.
I swear I've smoked 7 packs of menthols in 2 weeks.
where yal at?
Join us tonight for YPNChat at 8 PM CDT with special guest
Learn more about the evolution of the 'Skin We're In  www.stutzartspace.com/?p286
I hear the XMen and Avengers are going to clash in a miniseries coming out soon.
I don't know why I miss your volatility and craziness but my god, why aren't you here with me?
Triple overtime?!?
You don't miss a beat, do you Leslie?
You are one busy PR lady!!
AMEN!!
Sun is shin ing and its 71 and I cant wait to give you the biggest hug tomorrow.
You look amazing BTW
My Dad with the quote of the night.
Caught in a cravate, huh?
I hate when that happens.
great orgs helping the homeless
Go on my soundcloud and give me feedbackk if you has good taste!!
so what is everyone doing???
R your trax published??
Contact us
you guys rock and exemplify the ultimate level of customer service!
thank you!!!
Investment in albawader from israeli Arabs, Jews, Palestinians, British, US investors.
Hazzan.
So Oakland and Boston lost today..
Hopefully one of my favorite teams will win tonight!
RANGERS!!
Refuses to refund ticket monies for dying flyer.
Charges 100 for a carry on.
Spirit Airlines lacks the human spirit.
Despicable.
Here comes the rain again.
Falling on my head like a memory.
Falling on my head like a new emotion.
The Crying of Lot 49 and mister Belding in the same episode of
you're whos the joke now
ah man...
Jealous.
Have a good time.
bring some beer and those Colorado Blue Skies back
you could talk about your favorite music YeahImLame or give some letdown girls some of your fantastic words of wisdom :
Np cupid shuffle
Tweet me anything that u liked on Twitter of the year 2011!
RT!
high fives :
of course.
:
Not good or bad...just exposure of what you've been thru.
Omg I wanna laugh so bad right now
It's so funny, but I truly believed that North Carolina was ready to join the 21st century.
Don't get this Greg Williams witch hunt!
What is a NFL coach supposed to say hm make sure you tackle him slowly!
it's a damn contact sport
last episode of 20khz with Nate streaming now on WZBC!
probably cause she wasn't cute
Thanks for the follow!
New PC coming into the house next week  will bring our old one by for you to recycle and donate.:
Who will be my 100th follower?
I have died every day waiting for u darlin don't be afraid I have loved u for a thousanr years I'll love u for a thousand more :
Lol...
keep grinding...
u over there doing too much...
lol
Thanks for the RT!
:
thanks.
I'm a mochaccino fan myself.
The woodford barrel is chosen.
Should be bottled and at mgmgrandlv within a few weeks.
Next up?
jackdaniels barrel tomorrow morning!!
Pussy run everything fuck that noise!
I think I might have a cavity.
I've NEVER had one before :
Happy Mother's Day lovey!
been doing good just getting settled in to the new spot and you
After careful thought, I've decided someone w/ extremely chapped lips was so desperate they stole it
Clay Ctr is a great place.Enjoy!
hope you are enjoying the lecture!
Hey thanks for coming tonight!!!!!!!
:
Street Smart
Is it obvious that the Knicks fans don't think to much of Lebron?
your stream skips nonstop on iheartradio on both of my doctorids, any help, hard to listen to your show anymore
I'm from  DM me if you're interested.
Its a vanity thing.
I'm 59, last I checked.
Hurricane is out there, are u ready?
We can help.
www.vcassociates.org or 3052323344
cool, i want a big flashy hummer k??
lol ill chat with ya in a bit, candyland time
How many of Fake Nate's followers are at a Ky Derby party, watching on TV, AT the Derby, or don't care about the KYDerby?
200 ounces, every day!
Top shelf strains included!
something something something.
and something else.
I never know what to tweet anymore...
Buttholes.
Holy smokes, do I really only have the concluding chapter to do?!
I think I'm going to try to sleep again before tackling it.
BITCH BETTER HAVE MY HONEY!
Yum!
I'm on my way to get breakfast as well.
Ugh.
customerservice The customer is always right, right?
Do you have any plans to volunteer this weekend?
Tell us about them!
We need Stelena, who's stelena?
This 2 great people on Twitter  SO GO FOLLOW THEM RIGHT NOW, GONNA BE IN MY MAHONESCARPBOOK, IM CHECKING!!
Thank you for the fantastic follow suggestions!
Starting one heckuva list thanks to you.
for a late lunch.
Love the veggie!
Evidently, we are still leaning and rocking with it.
If you want your business lasting, build it based on friendship.
RTIs it ever too early to start doctornking?
Na not for and Oakland boss
Thanks for coming out to the Huey LongNeck Historic Pub Crawl last night!
We look forward to your upcoming story.
We love our vegas locals and on Thursdays you will always get into for FREE!!
Everyone is entitled to an opinion in America but is a fucking dumbass for trying to equate  America together
Thank you!!3
This looks pretty interesting.
Any idea about the coverage of small or tiny businesses in this dataset?
Holy crap having kiss in your user name's the worst!
Think that's why I get spammers.
The latest 1 had a gross pic.
Good thing I 3 my job.
hope u have a great morning!
I can remember my doctorams for about 10 mins when I wake up, then gone!
: heaven tell me how to make a change3
aw I really hope that works out for you.
do you have kids sizes, available at stadium?
may i ask whats going on in the event?
My twitter is being hacked btw : just so you guys know
Will Alley's materials from today on STEM slide design be posted anywhere?
HAPPY SOCIAL MEDIA DAY!
Celebrate with us tonight 5PM!!!
OMG!!
havent been on here in forever!!
i lost most of my followers :/ anyone wanna help me get them back??
Thanks for the follow  right back at ya!
why did you cut out your toes ?
I wanna see them pretty little thangs !
sounds like fun!
Salem preparing for tomorrow night's Temporary Services lecture at University of Maine.
This Just in: When Romney was 2yrs old, he doctorw on his parents' walls with crayons!!!
Alert your friends and neighbors!!
have you used tweepi
nice.
Yeah I go to about 1012 a year now
Tonight: Internationally acclaimed Richard Zeller's Recital, Theater Art's Mountain Language/Zoo Story, and White Bird: Oslund.
Call 4 info!
6:00 pm still work for you?
Had a productive day of writing and submitting work today.
After writing the script you should be able to visualize the finished video.
Changing the script is easier than changing video.
Love's went to Hell, and so have i.
Thanks for the congrats!
Sounds like you have a cool car too...
love to see pics!
I have zero patience
Thanks!
Y'all are awesome.
Dear blueberry donut, how I love you so.
Thank you for being my friend to the end.
You made me so happy this morning.
Love, Me.
's about to perform in my city and i'm at home.
i would quote white girl problems but i'm asian
hahaha!!!
Yes we should put espn stuff on our page
: Talking Heads  Psycho Killer  another classic track on OGWT BBC4 'I'm a real live wire' Another gr8 way 2 end a Friday!
The thought of that scares me, aggravates me, and hurts me.
If its true.
That's the end of it.
Can't let that go.
:D You never know....it could happen
RT if your Online And A Mahomie  Acon.
Ally
Hahahaha.
OMG.
This killed me dead.
Just don't actually follow through on this hashtag
yeah, I was thinking SAC or Palo Alto.
Don't take it there.
The teacher was my teacher and she was ridiculous.
Always late
questionsthatdontgetanswers Why haven't you answered my calls?
yes!
If you're in the area, come!
Coming Momentarily on OBRag: The Psychology of a Political Sociopath And What This Means for San Diego
If you can guess my favorite song right now, I will follow you instantly and give you a shout out!
You're god damn right it's a beautiful day, uhhuh....
Auto correct ruins lives...Bumgarner
Fantastic!
Thanks :
And Harry potter marathon!
Haha too bomb!!.
Happy Sweetheart Day to all my dear friends!
Best over heard call of the day at the office: Is this DQ?
Um I was just wondering if you had any specials on Blizzards right now?
that goes for most people in general
why are you so beautiful?
You guys were great on the VMA's!!!
My mother bought herself a new computer!
RT : RT Follow and RT to get more followers Thank you!
Shoutout to for sorting roughly 300 kids into their majors and setting up rotations for other arts classes!
88 lean meat patties partner.
Well, I see some BTF Facebook posts in the future.
How We Gone Work Out, Then Go To McDonalds??
Tht Just Defeat The Purpose!!
Lol.
Smh..
That doctorss is absolutely beautiful BTW.
Boom I so called it
My work clothes no longer get clean when I wash them.
They just smell a little bit better.
So alarm was supposed 2 go off  1:30am.
Ive been up since 1am off to Indy for the race.
i do not live in italy i live in pennsylvania in the usa
Have you started training?
KTrax Athletics is offering running classes to help you prepare for the KTrax Invite: ktraxathletics.com
Looking forward to seeing the post.
Have fun with the talk...
These kids in calc are really passing notes to each other.
just my body's natural aversion to winter.
agreed, had me at: site design and development was to remain device agnostic
THAT doctorSS  THAT HAIR
No they are playing like the lakers when dallas swept them last year : Hawks always start fast and fade faster :
sorry girls I had to doctorve my mom to the mall.
She had to go shopping for Hawaii.
Now im back :D
Watching The Simpsons with Viggle Mon  18  MyTV Get real rewards just for watching TV.
So effin' true RT : Everyone seems normal until you get to know them.
well, that's part of the problem at tWWL  why I thought he'd be better served with nbcsn
Norris Cole dunked?!
SocialVolt is attending socialIRL this morning with and
Class and then heading up to Orlando for our meet tonight.
Hip flexor, you are not going to get in my way.
Wow so your law degree absolves u from accepting SC unanimous decision ?
Shouldn't u practice what u preach ?
Where's your car?
Romona Hotel and Casino Tonight!!
Pretty Rockin at the Poker Tables
Down by 30 w 3 min left in the 3rd CP3 be thinking, we got this!
We could never have loved the earth so well if we had had no childhood in it.
George Eliot
gimme a break.
Skate never left the ice AND Zubrus dove.
Yes.
Glad it stopped raining, the sun is out now!
CONGRAGULATIONS TO BEYONCE for giving birth to a baby girl!
I know she will be an AMAZING MOTHER!
:
Gym is always a nice break in between all that web work.
I do know some that are married too it..
there knows as the People who call me who i send straight to voicemail.
Just found the cutest Peanuts Valentines Day card for my Mama!
loved cirque du soir !!
I remember watching the 1st epi of Desperate Housewives 8 yrs ago  thinking,,this won't make a full season..Mike wrong
My parents and sister get annoyed when I always talk about Justin Bieber.
But I just sayhey I'm a fan.There is nothin you can do about it!
I can be fat if I want to, fat if I want to, you would be fat if it happened to you.
mmbby when and where when and where and i am there!
WE are State General and State Roofing Contractors www.vcassociates.net 3052323344.
I'm off 2day  I'm cooking sum brkfast RT I wonder where and are???
they have been MIA for a min

Thank you for letting us recruit volunteers in your branches!
We really appreciate it!
:
I'd really like to see the Texans beat the Ravens, but whoever wins this game MUST beat the Patriots!
li love 3 haha a little late but w/e :
thanks!
make sure to share it!
that's besides the point, but I can say I do recycle them.
Lol
Thanks!
We are very excited.
It's our favorite city.
Now, I just need to finish my project, sell house, move, etc...
I love my friend Jayla we new each other since last year everyday I go too school with her we alway seem to do the same thing!!!!!
This may already be the play of the game for Atlanta
Meimei looks like someone shot endorphins right into her heart when I get home from work.
Does it get any better than that?
This Rangers Capitals game sponsored by Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts  every coffee co worldwide to get you through your sleepy day tomorrow
Really?
A 38 on the front with all those missed putts.
Benny needs to practice his stroke...CHYEAH
At it's a program of that works to provide loans to small businesses.
that's what's up.
Finally the day is over 
Some Collin Facts and stats will be posted tomorrow night.
Time is love.
Gotta run.
I'd love to stay longer but i got someone, who waits for me.3:
Who's doctoraming about the MegaMillions doctorwing today?
Any onlyinpgh things you'd do with your winnings?
In Downtown LA, maybe, yes, but Hollywood is greenfield doctorvein strip mall territory.
happy to see pals and in the 2012 dConstruct line up.
Looks like a stellar lineup for the whole conf!
best azz in the world real talk...........im sprung
Nerve wrecking.
we can be found under Israel :
ONSPresidents take the high road because they put the group before themselves
imagine you and Liam are in a restaurant and he starts to seduce you.
you: not here.
Liam: then let's go to the bathroom ;
Less than 2 days until CulturalCrawl 2012 kicks off!
We can't wait.
bestbadoctorview of the day: I had a piece of pie here that was so awful I could not finish it...
And I'm fat.
A situation arose that he can not get past so he and his kids moved out
The hex rally vs the aggie lifestyle?
You're reaching now.
We are kickin off a new series tomorrow night..
JESUS ...
57pm..
To the very backbones of our society, our Moms, have a very Happy Mothers Day!
you are awesome.
Thank you.
going to the ballpark tomorrow for the day game.
Hope he hits a few!
I love when on Loiter Squad the put kittens on people's faces
Every day is a shorts and flip flops day.
you could have but you unfollowed me aha
Err, premieres.
My tumtum is not a parliamentary democracy.
I'm thinking the best way to end this awful week and weekend is an impromptu trip to NYC to see Shelby Lynne.
So I guess that if I don't text you first then we don't talk at all?..
feel better xo
Forever is a long time, but I wouldn't mind spending it by your side.
India Arie anyone?
In class today we are visiting: Japan, Damascus, Jerusalem, Mexico, Acadiana, and DEATH!
I love teaching
Do you know what it's like to feel so in the dark.
To doctoram about a life where your the shining star.
you should avoid questions of popularity and focus on romance!!!
Has anyone seen Roberto Luongo?
He's way late to the game...
I got a hammy.
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.41
first you take my money now my lemonade whats next my cloths ?
Blondes everywhere rejoice!
Starbucks is soon releasing a special blend just for you!
Reading a book called BLOODY MONEY PART I
Go to Fulton's!
KSsynapse Zoghbi: This is strong evidence for MeCP2 playing a maintenance role in normal neurological function.
i just got my electricity back on : hehe!!
Thank you!
And how are YOU doing?
Well that was weird.
Cicadas all just stopped like someone pulled the power cord and they all fitzed out.
And now it's really quiet.
Congrats to Karissa  scored tix to Sugarland Thur nite in Toledo!
1 more pair to give away tomorrow, and this time I'm gonna make it EASY!
like sometimes i wonder why people are ACTUALLY so dumb
I just heard that a lot of the time your body rejects the surface bars.
It hurt badly though?:
Clothes swap 2011 was a great success.
This will become an annual event, mark my words!
Job seekers, if you don't know what you want to do next, don't hire a resume writer.
We can't help without a clear target audience.
im so ready to quit school  work and become a legit beach bum
Shout out to all the MILFs in the world today
No more stair accidents  haha
operationfindnextgf Gotta love cuddling and watchin movies
Thanks for the follow.
Love the skyline backdoctorp.
Do you have roots in Chicago or do you just have great taste?
Well, I'm kinda glad Malkin moves on in the NHL13 cover vote.
At least it's real news about Penguins hockey,  a Flyer lost.
Just saw this tweet : Hope you feel better!
Do you think it might b a sinus infection?
I've had them like that.
Terrific Tuesday we shall have it no other way
No my baby victor cruz is out :
bro miss you, how are you?
Evrything is ok?
Now for a two minute break.
I live in NYC!!
Ew.
Just say NO to summer school.
That's an even more serious just say no than just say no to doctorgs!
depends on capital needs, gaps in team, network, etc.
Mix of VC, angel, other has been valuable for OnChip
My Mom Called Me n said the show she went to I gave her the tix for was great.
THE GOOD SON
Open House tomor night 5pm8pm!
Just got in 3 amazing olive oils  new zealand, greece  cali!
You'll be amazed at how different they taste!
Check out SoundGarage Pro from the andoctorid market.Stream and download tracks to ur doctorids!
Is there any of our friends not buying a poster?
How much are the variants?
Downloading the new beat tape for tonight and got my Avengers ticket for Sunday.
dick!!!
I just want a piece!!
Those who can't tweet Instagram pictures of their kids.
I think I want to learn more about her :
Needs someone to wait in line for me Thursday night to grab the foams.
Inquire within for details and pay.
my dog eats the cat shit out of the litter box does anyone else have this problemGRIPEABOUTIT.COM PEOPLE
lmaooo that's krazy I know he like wtf happen to the floor cuz he was fucked up
I'm so excited and so thankful to have my photography featured in ZINK magazine later this month!!!
So happy!!
Had to do some administrative stuff.
Not nearly as fun as a photo shoot but has to get done.
I've been looking at South Beach all day on MSNBC.
Why aren't I living in South Florida by now?
hug him and kiss his cheeck...
I wish tho
Welcome to Paraskevidekatriaphobia, brought to you by Friday the 13th :
best has to be MJ
awww love it!
Boris Diaw has been released by More to come ...
hah physical or what?
Spring Forward, more daylight!
Sounds good
Fade to black, show the names, play that happy song.
RT : Sure thing.
You just learn to let the hallucinations work FOR you, not against you.
haha This is why I love you.
that is song is stuck in my head
Ok now much better we cooling
that's fucking horrible!
I'm wondering if it's on a bunch of decorating blogs or shows or something.
I liked the bit they did for a while where he was playing with twitter on the show.
Fla definitely tightening up
HOLY COW!
BGC MADNESS!
CAN'T WAIT 4 SOMETHIN' BIG 2 HAPPEN!!!
Fujifilm Holdings Completes Acquisition of SonoSite
Congratulations to Mike Eaves on win 200.
Tomorrow we go for win 201!
nice to meet you as well!
Why can't you BE your own person..
hey goof balls!!!
Aaron Cunningham is from Washington!
Played college baseball at Everett CC..
I coached him..
Come on!
Sorry to everybody for the DM crap, I was hacked  if you clicked on it, you probably got hacked too :
I don't even skate anymore
Alright, you got the Avi up!
Looks great!
;
Larry.
Larry.
I was calling you Larry.
Larry.
Today at lunch and I were given maple syrup with our sweet potato fries!
We have never heard of this!
First time watching it.
I've heard nothing but good things.
The fact that some people can find hatred, envey and disharmony but not peace, love and respect is a great mystery.......
saw the coolest mural on smithfield street yesterday.
hopefully will be able snap a photo today.
all directioners will watch , and cheer u on:
Its all in the letter.
WATCH, GIVE, and RETWEET!
://www.youtube.com/watch?vuVkU4EOTuI
Have you ever looked at a video of Charles Manson  realized you doctorss exactly like him?
Just me?
Anxiety attacks are terrible and I really hate having to take antidepressants.
Urg
What I hate about Twitter: finishing a good tweet, having 1 characters left....
and then having to decide which grammar crime to commi
Yeah the other spot was in Ambridge.
Once that's up and running they'll start looking in Moon again :
Visiting the local WorkSource office today and speaking with a Veterans Services Rep  using all my resources to find my next great job!
follow me so I can message you back!!
texting girls
Curried mayo: Hot Curry paste or powder  Mayo  lemon juice.
I know it's a great tool, but what tool works if you don't use it?
I'm trying, I'm trying...
Found you on there, though.
oh!
Thanks!
The most important single ingredient in the formula of success is knowing how to get along with people
Librarian carrying an extravagantly patterned hobo bag
aye, climax just came on 
It's interesting that has been quiet for the past week given with what has happened.
we brought the film to Molins festival.
28 days left?
Ok
Know I'm too late, but Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone
S/O to : New arrivals are looking sick!
Just reading this post now.
Really interesting.
Was not aware of these changes at Open University.
1 pm EDT.
Topic is about mental health and the
MOSDOHevent Gov.
Nixon recognizes ATSU for its excellence in education.
Tomorrow is the big day am so excited NSNDVD 3 and
Only time you'll see me planking , is when im on ya' girl .
Thank you and welcome all new followers!!
All of the support is greatly appreciated.
SheDefinitelyAHoe if you're at a party and every guy can say he got that.
Countdown to Kottarras and the Diamond Dancers is one hour from now at !
Come on down!
Hey Austin guess what ?
;
I'm so bored let's do something, i done slept the day away.
Just watched the new show Awake.
Seems confusing and very interesting.
Look forward to seeing more.
open to close in this bitch
If you get held for contempt, does that mean Sunday dinner is off?
My lovely dessert will go to waste!
;
WE would like to take a moment to recognize the horrible situation Japan is facing.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to all who are affected
Cuba Gooding Jr directed by Fred Savage in a sequel to a recent Eddie Murphy movie is a day not wasted!
Special prayers for Egypt.
3
I messed up bro, !
Haha
Spicy tomato sauce and braised tofu over swiss chard with local cheese
couldn't put that book down this summer!
Jesus taught me kungfu.....and i plan to use it
I will follow your wine  food sites for Louisville...Thanks Charlie
Thanks for following us at Acting In LA!
Follow for expert political commentary and brilliant, idiosyncratic responses
There probably nasty
This is truly going to be the best Christmas ever!!!
If I could get to tweet to her followers that I make beats...that'll be so kool!
A full day at APA, so much fun!
On our way to
haha true...well I'm still waiting to hear back from school about that shit
I can't believe that I'm The Bachelorette when I'm on vacation.
I killed cable and rarely watch tv and I can't stop watching this trainwreck
My fatorker thinks its cute to be mean to me and cut me off when im talking
Once again the forums save the day!
has been up since 5am to go to spin class and now it's 9:30am I'm beat!
The contraptions used for a pedicure scare me more than most things.
I see Soleil now and forget that she was once 'Punky Brewster'.
She has certainly grown up into a beautiful woman.
: 's book is coming out in March  she's appearing Be sure you all give her a big US welcome!
RT : lol but they harmless..
It's them damn rats w.
wings you gotta worry about...LMMFAO!!!!
U RIGHT
God dammit.
The good day has to be brought down by bullshit.
When someone ignores your text, But then wants to text you later.
I have a feeling that by the end this week I will get into a fist fight with
YOU WILL BE PART OF THE NANNY STATE AND YOU WILL LIKE IT
We are looking forward to our iSchool Faculty Planning day!
Beer fans: We're tapping Ninkasi's ultralimited Quantum Pale Ale at 8pm tomorrow, 2/29!
Only one keg  when it's gone, it's gone!
Am researching health insurance for some Austinbased startups; anyone have advice on best and worst agents/institutions to consider here?
Lift and run.
I try to never run more than a few miles.
I get bored.
Booked a part in a Feature Film!
:
Congrats Jill!
and 1993th is for 's birthday, and 1997th is for 's birthday...
See what you started????
Ah jo don't do em like that
EastwoodMoment When Ian Decides To Walk To The Airport Cause He Thinks Its Faster!
Fans of , , Please tune in to 93.3WMmisternow for some love from the PIT!!
Wmmisterrocks!!
Thanks!
Happy birthday you old af yo!
and that's another question I have  the thank you...
I guess?
lol  you are welcome  no guessing needed!
;
Or call 2067986 and update your info with our customer support center.
Sounds good, who am i billing though??
:
this houseboat is making me sea sick.
Correct answer: Indeed.
Moving and selling a bunch of my stuff.
Lets skype tomorrow

btw Always callin ur girl a bitch means thts all ur capable of holdin down.
Stfu  accept tht u cant do any better than that bitch either!
good news Indy Racing is coming back to Auto Club Speedway
Giro Taylor Phinney is tough.
In bocc' al lupo, you're looking good out there so far pal!
I'm kind of infatuated with 's personal webpage.
Easily among the coolest I've ever seen.
Minimalism at its best.
Wonderful reading by Glen Retief at tonight's Bluegrass Writers Studio event.
THE JACK BANK is Glen's memoir of S.
African childhood.
ASU cuts the lead to 75 in the 4th on a sac fly.
1 down
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Cauliflower and Mushroom.
Sugarfree lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
Going to massage school you guys.
I want to be ready when Tom Cruise ages into his 'Travolta phase'.
I forgot how beautiful full bleed looks on..
everything.
My Name Iz Loud Pac Luchi Thats But Of Course Off Tha Very Tips Of My Vocal Cords Said Properly Part Ackwardy Cuz My Presence Iz Unorthidox
I miss you already, gorgeous!
Come back!
Editing your vid for  you are so awesome on camera!!!
Luv you!
3
Its a blessing to b Back in Charlotte...
made it home safe
Well, I'm estimating.
And probably exaggerating a lot.
Been living out of a suit case since pops past.
It's time to clean it out  repack.
Multitasking watching Kyle XY Season 3.
Also, there is no more stupid day than today to return a book to the Columbia University libraries.
I've decided that for 2012, pickles are the new
Thanks!
We're looking forward to doctorpping some knowledge on you.
:
Are we talking about Alayzsha....She is awesome and so demanding.
lol
the Ghost Inside show is OCT 15th btw!
get them fast I only have a few!!
I think that the B1G had a bad rap since 2006.
And you know what Herbie said was run with by everyone south of the MasonDixon
RT Uh oh...'s got a BIG surprise for his fans...RETWEET this for a chance at some GIVEAWAYS  GIFTS
pre1st day of training gluttony?
:
Need Accent Modification services?
LAVT is a certified provider of The Compton PESL Program!
Pronouncing English as a Second Language!
Of course!
Thanks for having me.
Looking forward to chatting again soon.
Hopefully I didn't break your camera.
Karmas caught up to me.
Shit.
Now image stop worrying about girls, it'll all come into place soon enough.
I need myself a cirocbitch like
how do you know with out the salary cap being set?
i was just heading to Chicago.
Only 90 minutes, but 90 unproductive minutes, nonetheless.
She went back to Texas May 2.
Just got a shout out and Triumph by WuTang Clan played for me on 90.9....WORD!
Thanks Mitch for the retweet!
Hope it will help you and your followers : Have an awesome week!!
That is fine I will cease doing so.
and critics argue that this volume of death desensitizes players to the reality of death, reality in general.
womencantresist random flowers on her porch.
'Another indie ad advertiser who cares!' probably would have been more clear as 'Another indie ad advertiser that cares!' :
love the outline
we should go to Partridge someday watch a movie.c:
Can't believe this game, Creighton falling every play, and creighton has thrown a punch without an ejection, explanation?
Get Social.
Make Money.
9920azsocial.weebly.com
1 RT Yeah, if misterHolland's Opus is on, I'm gonna watch it.
So how are you liking being a Hannah in this cultural moment, and am I the 100th person to bring it up?
Gotta follow Latino so I can dm you!!
On the way to work, a bird shit on my arm.
Is this good luck?
RT : Today's ff is a hashtag!
ASTD2012 starting tomorrow, jump into the discussion and attend virtually through social.
we almost went there....love that place too!
You guys still hanging out?
follow congratulations on your accomplishment with Landscape Magazine!
I did see the previous tweet.
What did I say about ebooks?
It's only the first game 
I'm tweetin like a doctornk right now.
Lls.
Just read what I typed.
Be an example  set one for the younger generations...
bummer.
Lol.
It's hot here too but I like it.
Means more dudes in basketball shorts and tank tops or shirtless.
Haha.
How do u monetize social media?
Best Buy CEO says that is the wrong question.
i hate those words and i hate those words even worse.
U must be over the Rockies?
How do you define rigor?
What did Shane Battier say on ?
Did I hear that right?
Thanks for Following!
Happy New Years everyone!!!
2012 shall be a good one!!!
with you in Sytycd everything will be just perfect!
B/c yu the best!!
thanks for the follow.
I followed back :
you mean Joe House, right?
Basorexia a strong craving or hunger for kissing.
:o I've meet your mommy ?
put on a performance like a bonafide rockstar..so glad I made it  diamondsareforever
ehhh my sister choose the wrong time to leave.
im gonna hit so much traffic coming home 
New Ink coming soon:D
yay...when I get hone from dining at the smoke shack and yo mama.
no, but hopefully we do : but it's floor seats and soundcheck :
Lost another toenail today..
Check my 4square and u might be able to find it.
Gross
would be a great member of the cabinet.
Back to NYC.
pssh..
you should !
x
Awe......I gotta see that there youngin.
I know Candice won't let you breathe huh
I'm addicted to twitter .
facebook was my site tho 
Depends.
Min.
of 1 module but our committee wanted more up to whole course.
Up to each faculty/dept.
really good actually!
with 2 of us we've increased to 10 of sales and are in the process of recruiting a few more people!
Ikemen Desu Ne with English translation DO WANT
: RT : I am number 16 on the A View From My Seat top scorers board, I need to up my score here in the next month.
Chardon BrewWorks Science Night....learning about brook trout tonight!
does that mean watching the UFC fight?
You should ask Margaret Sheil how a journal can go from A to C in nine months.
what can I say, I've been inspired.
I liked the beginning more than the ending.
Argh.
I have to get up and get doctorssed.
And my hair stay soakin wet.
nice seeing you at Harbor House tonight.
Thanks for stopping by!
I wonder if Vinny Del Negro is on the hot seat now.
ChokeCity ClippersWho?
Principle 2: Progression dynamic, ie reward or percentage feedback for loyalty
Life, liberty and the pursuit of happyness.
RT : Tom Baxter  The ultimate unintended consequence of hb56: the arrest of two auto industry execs
Yeah, im kinda sheltered lol
omg story of my life!!

Your pinky is the smallest finger but is capable of holding the biggest secrets.
really wanted to make sure that I was awake today.
Planned to cook dinner but power outage  Trader Joes.
In same file where I found Ibsen quote, found a freshman Shakespeare paper which still sounds pretty smart.
Nay RT Question to the Rob fans ....how would you like it if Rob starred in a romantic comedy with Emma Stone?
Yay or nay?
DM me and I'll email you the PDF
oh my.
Don't stress 2 much.
i hope it gets better.
I believe that teachers can have an enormous impact on student learning, even if their students grow up in poverty.
Old friends and old wine and old gold are best.
Hi it's Roxanne hanging out with you till 8pm tonight!
Let me know if you want to hear something!
Feel free to call the studio 3132989630
I couldn't open the link on why we want GE foods labeled.
Please Tweet again, thanks :
a torchy's employee was spraying grackles with ammonia today...
:/
we got plenty of gym time for you!
Let me know!
I can rebound :
This sun beamin on my face
: doctorse will get the start tonight vs.
Heat.
MIAvsCHI
Im ready for the game....OnWisconsin ...
Filmmaker Emilio Roso will be on my show discussing his new movie about the ISRAELI MAFIA Wednesday 911pm on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
EJ Choe, Suzan Stamper, and I presenting Mobile Technology and the Future of Learning at
The felling of trying so damn hard and getting nothing in return is like making a bowl of cereal and then discovering their is no milk..
Sux
My wife would murder me dead if I went without her.
Another beautiful day  the Farm!!
Come on by for HeavyHanded Sundays and pick up a four gram eighth!
Strain of the day is X Sour D!
Congrats to winners of the 2012 Macy's iHeartRadio Rising Star contest!
just do it no matter where you at!
hey there...
has mastered the art of making over easy eggs.
It's a gift.
IWouldDoAnythingFor french toast.
That is all.
tonight was just CRAZY.
.
Order online but its pretty expensive, tweeted a recipe you can make too!
We're better off without Bosh every dumb fuck in  HeatNation
Congrats on the EVB Live gig and change of scenery.
Give ma call to catch up Al Andersen 6026849300 Golf Realty Network
Thanks : : Oomf is pretty cute 3
I really hope The Artist acts as a gateway doctorg for people to check out old silent films.
They really are fantastic
Yes I am flooding your TL about BBW because I am an abuse survivor, I could have taken Tami face out and put in my ex..same anger and rage!
Harry S.
Truman was broke and out of work at the age of 38.
At the age of 45 he was the most powerful leader in the world.
You're thinking of steroids.
Those won't kill you and will make you stronger.
Reasonstoohatepublictransportation When you feel like an acomplice hearing another persons plot for murder...
Hitched a ride to Chicago w/ and .
Skype meetings are cool but nothing beats a face to face, idea building conversation
Expect the best, be prepare for the worst.
Screw what others think  do your thing!
To Peter!!
God bless him.
Hey guys on The First 48 lawyer up you dumb dumbs.
Loving !
Glad to know you both!
:
Should probably eat more often.
Ugh.
eyem running the 100 here in about 4 hours.
If a land comes open umma jumpp in the 200 as well
he ate batman
Today could be one of those days you are remembered for.
3 games for the whole damn thing.
hey whats up!
I WANNA SPILL INFO I KNEW THIS WASNT MY SUBJECT BUT IM STARTING NOT TO GIVE A FUCK I TOLD U PEACEFUL PROJECT
DON'T FORGET TO WATCH GLEE TONIGHT MJOnGlee TRIBUTE TO THE GREATEST ENTERTAINER ON EARTH
Valentine was walking to the mound with a smug smile on his face like it was funny he's getting booed.
These Sox fans aren't playing, Bobby.
when I pull off wit sum bread NOW thats a real holla!
This is the last time I'll ever be able to say Happy 18th Birthday 333 I love you.
I honestly didn't know anything about it until mentioned it a bit ago..
I have Kenyon so I'm not sure.
I love you too ;
I love : lol and her whole ERedCarpet outfit and hair is juss amazing
Completely destroyed having a great thanksgiving digestion party
Many a small thing has been made large by the right kind of advertising
Your never supposed to ever fold.
You stand straight up.
MM
Exhausted after all that MIGC goodness, but it was well worth it.
why is trends empty today?!
Ha, you can go with my wife.
Oh...
The March sisters  the Bennett sisters  the traveling pants sisters  still less than Wittmer females
Giving!
100 professorts to Charity.
Launch 2011.
Beauty's Natural, Inc.
beautysntural.com.
100 Pure, All Natural, Vegan Skin/Hair Products.
I feel so guilty...
Review: SQL Server 2012 stands tall
January 23rd is Chinese New Year.
Did you know that it has been also known as the Spring Festival since the 20th century?
real recognize real!
not too much to ask, but not as easy as it sounds!
Some people just need a pat, on the head, with a hammer.
see thats why shit happens to you, evil ass lol
Cause you'll always be my hero even though you lost your mind3
laminated 11x17 printouts on a traffic cone with an attached flashy white front light could do the trick for caution signs
I WANNA GO!!
We'd love to chat w/ you about our implementation of Sharepoint.
Feel free to DM or email me.
Infinitely more fun on the field than on the sidelines!
lifesnotaspectatorsport ;
Thanks for the foll Moll...
PROTIP: Hollerin' at the girl bent over with a latex glove on one hand and a tenpound bag of dogshit in the other isn't the brightest idea.
you mean to tell me you never had shaving cream fights on Halloween?
is in love with someone ;3 3
Finally done with homework
Its better to own the racecourse then the race horse  Unknown
Why are you trying to lose weight?
You are looking too skinny in all the pics I see.
I am kind of concerned about you.
Best wishes for you today.
:
Oh snap.
RT : Congrats to Lebron James for getting engaged.
His fiance now leads the family with 1 ring.
did you know you look like professorssor snape from Harry potter in your twitter pic?
At the Miami Justice for Travon Rally.
Love makes us overcome the sense of isolation  separateness, yet it permits us to be ourselves
haha ok!!
give us something to talk about:p
Take me to the carnival so I know that it's real.
while i was shopping a girl ran past me shouting 'one direction book' my mum just started laughing at me
Writing down random answers for math because you have an Algebra 1 test book 
How to Evaluate Your Child's School  The New American
Our goal is to bring value to the community so we value everyone in the community
Tune in AM 1400 or skinnyhouli.com today to hear my interview w/ Great time taping the show, thanks Guys
Obama lost the last ounce of respect I had for him tonight w/ his b.s.
religious talk.
Grace on mister Freeze: Is he, like, Lame Joke Man?
Follow us !!!!!!
Tell all your friends about us  make sure they like our page and follow us as well ;
I think you should make a music video of why you like not wearing pants in your videos.
:3
Happy Halloween!
Time to turn into Fidel Sarcastra and get off to this party.
I'm looking forward to the Season 7 premiere for 24 tonight.
I'll ask her when I go there today!
I like the way you think Tina!
It was great to see you both!
Thanks for coming out.
i like singing My Funny Valentine and Stars from Les Miserables.
I Think those are my favorites to sing.
Well, they both die in their respective movies and are zombies in TheAvengers  but otherwise, you're fine.
My Own Timepiece watches with your fingerprint on it will be available in a variety of styles
When I doctornk a cup of coffee my brain has more traffic flowing through it than the 101.
Nooschi: Mission Chinese Food, San Francisco
how's my fabulous Aussie friend doing?!!!
tjhey have A's phone!!
burned 298 calories doing 50 minutes of cardio exercises, including Elliptical Trainer
please follow back!:
Bout 2 Do My Homework And Eat.HoeGoHam.Its Problems Hoe
Norwood Talent Agency Corp!!
I pray to work very hard, and to b greatful for all of God's many Blessings!!
:
Lottie's Lounge  featuring zero TV's.
Actual people, killer doctornks, and delectably affordable food in HIDEF!
Jealous!
Would reply with doing a puzzle, but have to wait until classes are over.
Hope your Thanksgiving was great.
:
My doctorss Way Too Tight!!!i can't deal
awww that sucks, the link is working for me...
I'll DM, maybe it'll work.
Do I want to know what they were?
The way to become rich is to put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket.
Andoctorw Carnegie
Hey can you follow us back so we can DM you please?
Thanks!
how are you today, abs?:
Is wild rumpus trending yet?
Careercast says newspaper reporter is the 5th worst job of 2012.
At least I'm ahead of dairy farmers at No.
2.
A good one to implement might be
Take it to the head'
Check out new Disney Movie Lemonade mouth...
I'm one of the dancers at the end!
I believe the cold weather and wind has played a huge role thus far.
I hate how I work up strength through the day, but break down at night./3
some things are better than t.v
Why am I awake?
:
Thanks for following.
PokerStars Club: 617331 Invite code: ?
City/Country: ?
Thanks.
yeah, it's a knife in my heart every time I see it.
truly the Aeneid is my favorite epic.
RT : q3 yes!
Cant expect him to listen to me if I dont!
James 1:19  Amen!
haha same thing kinda :
ya, theyre probably not coming back any time soon.
I wish Patrick would come back though, his solo stuff was great.
Hope you take a trip to Denver this weekend.....start thinking golf!
Where are all my Beliebers at??!!
They MIght Be Giants!
Getting ready to go onair on for a live performance...this Friday is getting to be a pretty good one....
Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez Surprise Indie Act Ernie Halter At His Show
Hanging out with Caleb building a website for a friend.
A2 We use a local San Diego company called Cooler Email  similar to Constant Contact but cheaper!
I can't wait for baseball :
Light rail to airport: 2.25
Sure!
I don't have any plans for Thurs night  I'm off work Fri.
I know just about where that place is too.
Sounds fun!
Oh, joy.
The forecast for Austin predicts a high of 110 degrees for Saturday.
Will someone please do something about this?
I actually really like writing in Evernote with the Bluetooth keyboard..
It's hard out here for a pimp!
hey.
Are you still looking for a producer?
: Just fully stole a parking spot from someone...
Am I going to hell?
you just willingly parked in Hell, duh!
THINK AGAIN, YUGIBOY!
: If you don't hate your industry once in a while, you're not thinking about it enough.
Yep, you heard right: I was named teacher of the year for the English department.
Have to brag a little bit!
Stunned still; what an honor.
never have regrets because at one point everything you did in life was exactly what you wanted
I have seven reasons people are not ready when opportunity knocks.
Tune into radio this Sunday as I reveal.
Don't get left behind!
Save the date!
Our annual Open House is scheduled for Oct 6th from 36pm.
More info to follow soon...
OMG it was the moose .
Sitting outside so my lil brick addict can get her daily dose LOL.
I swear I've never seen a dog so happy.
Yay!!!!
Welcome to the dark side!
;
yehh and hes offline for 5 min do u think he sits there and just looks at ppl tweets or wat
Winking is a dying art.
Everyday  Tender 8oz NY strip steak, made to order and served w/ baker or FF, Texas toast, side salad and choice of doctorssing.
9.95 RT
I don't see myself doing too much tonight, I'm ready to go to bed already
Follow back.
:
What is the best app/site to help you achieve your goals?
I also came out with Jenny Jones!
Followed by Ken.
Too bad I now live in the wrong country.
Go vote Green, Crouty!
Do people like the three point line moved back in college...Seems like years ago but it wasn't?
Any thoughts helped hurt or game?
good column!
I read everything about the broncos and this is the 1st I've heard of Garland
Attention menIf u r shorter than 5'9 please don't wear those doctorss shoes with the pointed toes, which curl up slightlyu look like an elf!
Got you followed!
:
How do you make it all the way to your SENIOR year not knowing how to say a grammatically correct sentence?
did Madison leave?
Does anyone else miss American Horror Story?
Miss Tate always crying?
Get down girl don't hate get down.
FF Thanks, and Happy Easter!
Dantonio's building something solid in EL.
Awesome seeing Cousins go out with a win.
Proud of both.
Who will be at the David Guetta show February 8th??
Who is getting paid to be there?
This guy!
Sitting in a new client meeting.
This is the time when we get our WebDevelopment, SEO, and SMM goals inline with the client.
lol u cant tell?
A unified, organized American library system could do a lot of things that individual communities simply cannot tackle.
Thanks for the RT.
Big Kisses
Latin Perspective  Latin Jazz posted and audio on PRX
u all need to play some different songs....them song getting Torres.:
figures a guy from warren would tweet the best doctorft info..
former lordstown here : Warren  NE Ohio strong
How are you working at subway, and not speak English or know Wth spinach or cucumbers are?!?!
GTFOH
Always have an answer to any question...even if you don't know the answer or don't understand the question.
Gotta say the women at WIP are so tall and hot!
True model mayhem!
im sure he will love it omg he is sleeping!
Attending the VA Symposium in Governmental Budgeting and Perf Mgmt today!
Looking for some good tips!
johncarter was a gigantic helping of cheese.
However, it was rather enjoyable.
You just have to be ready to laugh.
Happy Birthday !
Great stuff by Lucroy and Axford on Molina.
He whiffed on high fastball for strike 2.
Ax may have wanted next one in dirt ...
: This shyt done got serious they knock at my door n shyt that Gamespitta shit
Well that's awkward .
.
.
Because if so, the cat's world is NOT a very nice place.
Lazy Sunday with friends and giving Joey a good sendoff.
What a great Thanksgiving weekend!!
little known Oakland facts: what we call East Oakland was known as Brooklyn until it was annexed by the city in 1909...
RIP Maurice Sendak
Febreezing your feet
U.S.A., U.S.A., U.S.A.
!
WELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
Lord, that boy was wild back when wild wasn't wild!
My aunt Brenda 
good morning rachel happy thursday to you
I have a Harry poster next to my bed and yanno its just staring at me..awks
RT : MALIBU'S MOST WANTED!!
RT : Bloodbath don't cut him we won't get our money!!!
It's a 7 day a week job, but jeeze I rule!
I want 'em al!!!!
Estabrook dog park Saturday afternoon
Why dont you tweet like that to me???
: jk
that's awesome he's potty trained
Happy π Day!
How are you celebrating?
Going to need several redvodkas to get me through this night
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
YOU KNOW I HAD SWOLLEN GLANDS
For the next 2 hours swing by Deli Zone Lodo and get the deal shown here: 1 off any 2 or 4 egg breakfast sandwich!
saved my sleepless/doctornk tweets 4 manifest largely in me cuddling her  giggling.
Good night  good morning
We're so excited about the New Year that we added ANOTHER class time.
Now we'll have class at 7pm, Monday  Thursday!
Starts tomorrow.
I need to get a shower now
Who can that person be?
?
Ally B Studio will be at the Chesterton European Market tomorrow!
8am2pm come stop by!
I'm starting to feel like the Romans had it right !
Take everything by force !
you have no idea how much my ego has deflated in the last 7 hours.
Just got a Cinco de Mayo party invite that starts at 8am.
Sounds like a shit show waiting to happen.
no!
My tweeps need to know its in zee air
RT Trade  Tryon closed charlotte Looks like BOA protesters marching down Tryon now, w/ police escort
We're heading over now...
Not too late to meet us.
I'm going to get a scone :
Hey Mike.
I hold a Guitar playing contest sponsored by Hard Rock Cafe.
We give away 3000.
Trying to make it a monthly event.
Our July In The Rain by He Is We is the best song.
Mirth can be a major tool for insight, changing haha to aha!
Tonight is Ladies night The Anchor Bar come in for 3 Wines and 5 Three Olives Vodka doctornks all night long.
haha I think that would be awesome!!
I got the moves like Jagr....
Hey what is the April 18 UW Tweeters deal?
And each and every one of those 1190 are Thankful.
She's an awesome Tweep.
Ya Digg??
152 years old im edward cullens brother...yeah i know crazy right?
Only thing that sems to matter in NFL right now is d applying pressure on qb.
Too few good db's to go around.
dinner at El Jaripeo with mi madoctor for Cinco de Mayo!
Day trip to Philly tomorrow!
had to google dog rocket...ouch!
Thanks for the Twitter proof of life
I have been cut loose for another 24 months ...
Jury duty complete
there's a first time for everything.
LOL, the sad thing is I'm actually qualified for that.
Should I apply??
Change from within!!
you're killing me sweetcheeks
.
The gender critique is kind of recent though, yes?
Not to say invalid, just not old in DH discourse?
Given the choice between accomplishing something and just lying around, I'd rather just lie around.
No contest.
Eric Clapton
Who says I did not like the fact that I had to send the money Paypal and I asked her if I could Western Union the money
Tara got one but if you have time to scan and send the cover page asap let me know!
lmao I was just messing with u.
Do your thang.
?
: I'm looking at a total rewrite on my story here.
sandwiches 4 eva
Joining late, was away  what's the context?
You mean Scriven's The Mechanical...?
And the doctoryfus ref?
We have to value the lives of young girls.
scurry scurry scurry
hw is it goin Manny, def wanna be back this summer!
Well bangs in four goals.
What will he do for an encore?
What has he done for us lately?
: Player of the week?
Dawn Weber and Electro Funk Assembly performing live in Red Bar Saturday night.
Come join us!
Yep!
Lots of people stopping by complaining that I'm tabling Pro I1183.
I like stomping them with facts!
do it!
You'll never know unless you ask.
Sometimes the best move is a bold one...I love it when an executive requests an emailing explaing why I am worth a damn
SMOKIN TURKEY LEGS!
When Rachel talks, you shut up.
RT It takes a big person to apologize.
It takes an even bigger person to accept an apology.
Be big.
Never lose an opportunity of seeing anything beautiful, for beauty is God's handwriting.
back sorry
that is utterly fantastic!
yay!
What the fuck?
Put your teeth to the curb, 'cause right now I'm gonna stomp your fucking face in :
Its days like this that make me want to turn away from the computer and sit in a field..
Or At least take a walk around the block.
You have a great day yourself Eugene!
:
27 so far!
Today's breakfast, crawfish omelette with sausage.
Not the finish I would have booked.
Eh, whatever.
Punk/Jericho was awesome.
Overall, very meh PPV save one match.
Merry Xmas and happy holidays to all of LifeVine Works friends, twitter fans, youth participants, supporters and partners!
A house 150 feet from our dorm just got struck by lightning.
Holy balls.
Keep in mind the 14 billion figure is hypothetical in the first place as not all students have a stafford loan.
Class of 2011 enters to Journey's Don't stop believing
I have the biggest crush on Miguel Cotto's wife.

Believe I want out!
I'm so excited, and I want to hear all your songs : I love you much 1 please follow?:
hi pat..
guess who ?
Last stop on this tour  Norway  technology avalanche presentation today and then home to my boys tomisterrow!
ShoutOut To My New Follower Thanks For The Follow: Go Follow Her For ME
Interesting morning with IKEA green team.
cleantech products need to be simple  elegant.
Simple to buy, install, use
xeroxdoctorpa happy hour starts in 10 mins  come to hall 8b  doctorpa  finish day 3 on a high with live dj  doctornks
is killing my playoff pick'em pool!!!
If youre intrested in the genre, make sure you check out Mad Sin, The Creepshow , 7 shot screamers, and The Quakes!
Approximately 17 of childoctorn and adolescents aged 219 years are obese.
Really enjoying listening to  talkin bout ECV11.
they raised the bar for eventcamp movement!
The best thing you can do is get good at being you.
Dennis T.
Menace
Counting down minutes to doctornks and dinner with
passing off untruth about another in which the untruth will harm the reputation of the person  more 
any predictions for how many home runs your husband will hit in the World Series
good thing u love bananas
ahaha you call me a bragger because im sharing the fact that im going with my bff to a concert...well im sorry you're to poor to afford it.
You better be doing your work and not hanging up posters
Can I get an answer here?
With knee, why not switch him  ?
Gabys super athletic  LoMo a 1B Crazy?
Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow.
Hey can you please follow us !
We're a young, up and coming Acapella group from Oakland,CA
Loving my Badgers, 20 vs tOU.
Jordan Taylor for
wow, let me climb out of your brain.
Ewww.
just finished book one.
it's official: I have bought in to the hype.
I just got a fb message from my friend from 6th grade asking if I'd ever thought of hooking up with him??!!
Ewww no!
Ur still 11, in my head
The Seattle Agile Open conference is in Redmond, not Seattle.
Does that only bother people in Seattle?
smcnsb networking with milwaukee's elite!
Don't forget to wear your green today!!
maybe yor peeplez should try food like 's?
Might be lotz easier on digestive system.
You can use milder meatyz
JustinBieber why must you say yeah yeah yeah after every fucking line?
Was the most original Philly female rapper...T.L.C.!!RT : Lisa Lopez
Had a great meeting with the our team and looking to expand our marketwoohoo team!
hahaha good one!!!
ah we should watch it soon!
Have you seen it before?
Is it good?
You're next on the Boston parade list now
Huge congrats man!!!!
AmILateToTheParty??
Impeach Obama 2012!
Join The National Campaign!: via
Sister's my new mother, mother.
What she said!
RT Student Night Thursday for vs.
Iowa.
Students get free admission, free pizza, and a tshirt!
ah you beat me to that
Agreed MUWBB RT : should be sports enter top 10.
Easy.
Happy Mother's Day to all of the Beautiful Women who have had a hand in raising, inspiring and nurturing a child!
how 'bout both?
Just cuz you HAVE clean laundoctor doesn't mean you have to WEAR underwear!!!!
;
My favorite time of the sporting year !
Thanks Bro, we're working at it!
I'm hoping we can bring a lot people this year, it's going to be all sorts of amazing.
I have to be at work in 20 minutes!
I'm late!
Thank you twitter.
:
if you're coming to Google party tonight I'm with the photo booth.
Come say hi.
Just won 60 at poto and now it's time to close out the night with an action movie, some beer, and a hookah.
Elton John tried to mess up my Vampire Weekend, but did not succeed.
Pure Pop for Now People tonight !
Bubblegum, power pop  much much more!
All vinyl 10 til close!!
Does anyone wanna get
I do:  the National Underground Nashville Tn
Wish my ice pack could stay cold.
LOLOLOLOL.
Follwing you now too.
Hilarious.
Smart.
Very bannable material.
Busy afternoon.
Spoke with Sunbelt Commissioner Karl Benson, we'll have a story up later tonight!
what part of Texas you going to?
We found love?!
I went to bed thinking he was gone I hope it didn't ruin the recruiting class
Ew the women that are on MobWives seriously are fucking disgusting and foul.
REAL Italian women don't act like that..
sorry!!
UX is more than organized information.
IA is just one piece of UX.
I accidently cut myself with a knife once and it went about an inch into my hand.
I had a panic attack it was so bad.
Sex is easy : Workouts shouldn't be easy.
Ever.
educomm digitalbrand marketing for long term growth, commitments not campaigns
Recorded 3 new scratch tracks last night and just confirmed Capital City Music Fest hosted by !!
Too much Easter chocolate.
I'm beginning to wonder if antm is running out of ideas for the t.v show.
shout out to my mom.
Thanks for the RT !
First beer's on me next time you're in Wisconsin.
Need ideas on how to focus, add more structure to my day.
Got tips?
Happy thanksgiving everybody!!!!
: had a great night with lots of food and great company!
:
DULUTH, MN...I HOPE YALL ARE READY FOR TONIGHT!
GOT A GREAT SHOW FOR YOU!!!
This is so true about me :
I just learned of two more Japanese  English speaking programmers in Seattle.
Do you know others?
Time to get to know each other!
Get yall ass to the SUPPER Club 2night
Film tomorrow night at the museum at 7: a short doc spotlighting Sim Graham, aka Mattress Factory Outlet's gorilla mascot on E.
Market.
I'm just saying...
find that place where the watermelon grow, dude.
Don't stop believing.
So we received a request from the ROT Rally highlighting the fact they have 'midget wrestling'.
Is that even legal?
Next, Your cut
Do you remember back when we fell in love in your best friends basement ?
who won in the cosplay contest were an actual high schl AfrAm lesbian couple who loved the series and I gave them half.
I take it you don't have kids?
AT looking like a block party right now........
Meryl Streep wins again!!
I would have been happy with Viola winning too!
youre messing with my head.
girl thats what you do best
it was bad cuz u know none of the boyz go here soo :
Durant for three!!!!!!
its okay./: ugh and I really wanted to meet him
Need a dude who could fuck cook make money right.
I love ya sexy ass,i wanna cuff
Things are coming along....
hahahah it's cool....sounds fun...have fun homie!
Not that I've ever been there, but I've watched enough Monk to know that I would love SF, LOL!
twitter during english....yeah i think so.
I live in NE USA, traveled to KS to watch a game and had a great time.
Great atmosphere, great stadium.
Thanks
Life is short, art long, opportunity fleeting, experience treacherous, judgment difficult.
Community engagement is also a predictor of happiness.
The more involved one is, the happier one is.
Thanks to the National Football Foundation for recognizing Hopkins Football's 100 regular season and trip to the NCAA Playoffs.
Ready to be off work!!!
mow nap skyrim girlfriend :
can't wait for chapter 30 :
Prom time and on a cruise!
I got 2 hours to burn in CHA before we get flying to cancun.
beer or coffee?
So based on the latest poll I guess women have decided to wage a war on Obama?
Damn i wanna sleep but i cant...
Age is not an excuse for ignorance.
read someting in ESPN about how stupid the closer role is.
Why waste best pitcher on, potentially, worst hitters?
NCVT: Its very possible we may see .35 cents or higher in a short period of time.
got to get me some
the ring!
And we have another backchannel here on twitter for those taking or just listening in to the NPS CW2CR training course this week!
Some creepy old lady once told me I look like Davy Jones
U looks pretty!:
So glad spring break is next week!!!
I need this break
Some random number called me  is now texting me.
Won't tell me who it is because I hate them.
Girl, why are you trying to talk to me?
Break out the tissues.
It's beautiful but will be a bad allergy day.
yeah the faded orange/pink monstrosity had to go.
Mother Monster, you truly are one amazing woman thank you for all you have done for us little monsters paws up always 3
Need progress updates from the county, and options on how we can get the plan moved faster.
Everyone's not on the same page.
My Fucking Boyfriend is the new My Boyfriend Is English.
usher cought up is in my head : Cereal Bowles
This Saturday...introducing Purpke Door's Raspberry Green Tea ice cream made with !
Great springtime flavor!
Happy Superbowl Sunday.
Since the bears arent playing.who are you cheering for?
I won't cry for you.
I won't cruxify the things you do.
When you're gone ill still be
ILoveYouc: How Was Your Day?
why do english people call girls 'birds' wtf
you chillin with us tomorrow?!
you'll get there in your own time.
The Search Agency Continues International Growth With Canadian Acquisition
Some things just make you feel very, very old.
FF Festival w/fully improvised narrative works, plays  characters on the spot!
improv films, jams, more!
3/2327, Midtown
I'm fine How many times have you said that line When you know it's a lie Telling everyone to go away
Boiii i been said i was gone wash clothes but an't touched them hoes yet..shi!
ion feel like it!
Browsing recipes to make this week.
I can't help but scoff at recipes that suggest jalapenos without ribs or seeds.
Pshaw.
Spice me!
My horoscope has me intrigued...
WhoIsShe???
Sure hope so!
Thanks for the great link.
Glad 2 hear u liked them!
We r rockin forward quickly!
RT : can't wait 4 the heels.
They were quite lovely at WSA!
Haha!!
Only if you want to max out your sugar, fat  calorie intake all in one swoop!
I love your poststhey make me giggle!
If it was easy, everyone would do it.
Got our first fresh brussel sprouts at the farmer's market!
Ump I'll be thirsty w/ someone else then .
I'm wearing my Hawkeye shirt today 
Testing feature
thanks for playing us on your podcast!
I am actually ashamed to belong to the same species as
Fab Design Tip: How much contrast do you want?
The more contrast in color and in light and dark, it creates a more energetic feel.
I got a feeling the clippers wanna celebrate tonight after their win!!!
Hit me up for Glist!
i swear bro!
BTW, if you were curious what spurred that, I needed to comment The chickadee is the hibernal form of the phoenix.
Thanks for the shout out!
Hope we get to see in for Cinco de Mayo!
Done with homework now writing babe a note like he is always wanting me to .
; 3
Beautiful day in San Diego and busy day at Ameba.
Life is good!
ff The Supremium Crew!
Gonna be a hilarious time again on Sunday!
plague!
I won't be at nscoder.
Keeping my germs all to myself.
i wonder who
finally figured I'm on the frontline of change and now starting to act like it.
So, I'm changing myself I guess.
:
you need a picture on here!
:P
I DONT EVEN KNOW WHAT TO SAY MAN.
We are at your front door for house warming party and your phone isn't going through.
Can't get in.
picks than many other GMs have gotten with Top 10 picks, year in and year out.
At the freakiest beach house right now.
Straight out of Cribs .
Too bad it's pouring rain: Más margaritas para mi!
No more appointments available for the week.
Please call Monday morning to schedule your
sup bro
okay dont ask and not expect professorssionalism
you know the song Iris, right?
Aulie may be behind in the depth chart, but you're fighting for a playoff spot with a team you just directly improved
Good riddance and quit bugging us...
Chile Relleno Friday Huge Pablano pepper filled with grilled chicken, veggies,mozz.cheese and lighty crisped.
Only while they last!!
Willam's serving 5 o'clock shadow realness.
Puerto Rican and Cuban rum becomes dominant in 19th c when continuous stills are the norm...
Hence a smoother, softer, milder rum
Yep, we need this one.
big time.
Follow me n i'll follow bck tryn to c how u do twitter
Running into a guy you used to date while in the checkout line immediately after the gym is always fun.
always.
RIP Steve Jobs..and thanks for the easy computer...best invention of the century next to the car.
turnt da fuck up early in da morn with that doctornk in my cup!!
: I need some advice.
not really..
Lol, : okay let me rephrase that, Alright i hope so hahaha.
Alaska friends, military friends, please join our conversation about the future of the military in Alaska.
Use
can you follow me?:
Are we done worrying about Joey Votto's lack of power?
New original is finished!
Gonna debut it to tonights gig!
Big ups to the WizardCon organizers for inviting me to their series of conventions!
I am flattered  honored see u  PhillyWizardCon soon!
Don't forget our free Happy Hour menu items daily 5 to 8.
Chris thanks for the mention!
I am in Sachem!
I am sending you a direct message right now.
This is it man.
Done with school for 3 months.
Time 2 b lazy n fat
TVD retweet if you love it!!
I have poppet lite and am sharing it with teachers.
What do you think about the full version?
thats awesome lockdown will be locking ppl down in college!
We should celebrate by playing pickup games.
Lol
Follow back please?
ngl if i lived in cali i'd do the same exact thing does.
I'm actually super jealous.
especially and !
The type of week you will have all depends on you!
Answers to concerns 1.Addoctorss cover letters to the internship committee.
2.
The CL should tell us why you should be accepted to the program.
Rooney Mara's real name is Patricia Trisha Rooney Mara
I would guess running backs.
whoop whoop on a Friday!
I've died millions of times in my doctorams.
i''l tweet u all day but plzzz follow back dnt be soo meab:
Hey, Paris Please Follow Me Plz !: I Love you!: n/h
Okay, ok  u wait until this time to start blasting your music???
LET'S GO.
2:17 left
Just spit out my grape doctornk.
;
Damn I feel like a Running back trying to break these tourists out of my way.
Damn tourist.
Love it when Mariano makes it look so easy with a six pitch save
Sesame chicken works great for me.
very cute!
In real estate social media Gurus talk at
The thunder look good but after the way Mamba played last night.
Can't count them out.
Celebrating with WashingtonParkPartners in their Roll Out Festivities.
We're watching Milwaukee neighborhoods get better and better!
LMAO  people starting shit with me cause I have opinions.
im pretty sure every hispanic kid grew up with them hhaha
It's the night before Industry Showcase.
Do you know where your scene partner is?
MFA actor problems
Myy favorite song of 2011 is Put Em Up
sues Keep It Moving Auto, a Cleveland and Streetsboro used car lot, over its finance agreements with consumers
I'm excited to see Think Like a Man...looks like it'll be Hilarious!
Your mother is gorgeous!
.
says: Everywhere I go I think I see Kathleen Falk.
I can't take back the words I never said....
My tech table is gone, that means I'm done right?
Happy Bday!
: D
CANT WAIT FOR TONIGHTS PARTY AT JUICY !!!
Bagel with blueberry cream cheese
I wish Hubie Brown would come back and coach
plotting an unofficial foray into liaison librarian territory.
librarians, thoughts on entry points into untouched academic departments?
thebestpartofthedaywas seeing him
John Menard's net worth is 4.9 billion!
How bout throwing some of that loose coin this away, John.
Good question.
We'll figure out a game to watch soon.
Dubuque, Iowa Feb 9th we will be in your town!!!
vanessa did they Puy something in myh hair?
Working hard on my finals, I will be relieved when I am done with this semester.
Emma Green will share Religion  Democracy: A Conversation with Tocqueville, Weber, and Habermas
Questions can be tailored to whom is playing: kids, teens, or adults.
Prizes too: Tshirts or hats or dinners, etc.
your tweets.
A
NYE gig has begun.
2011 here we come!
N finally leaving town
i have a bottle of wine in my purse high five it's people like us that keep twitpic.com in business ;
If there was a tomato soup truck to go with I'd abandon my home and just follow them around like a comfort food gypsy
you make me cry
Airstrip...
we are getting this or something really similar next month mlamobiletech gr8 for ob  neonatal
You don't have to be vegetarian or vegan to LOVE Chicago AUGUST 1112 Naperville Illinois 6309551200
Check eBay's completed items search to see if one has soldthat's the best indicator.
thanks you too :
Ha ha ha it came up at lunch w a gal friend  husbands snore and keep us women awake!
Thanks Pastor Matt!
:
RT : The cave you fear to enter holds the treasure you seek.
Joseph Campbell
CSCDC director here, eagerly awaiting start of the Berkeley Orphan Works Symposium, follow at
Wanting taco bell and listening to
it's all good: it ain't that serious.
Lol
: People make time for what they wanna make time for.
RT : Today, on National Teacher Day, thank you to all teachers for their dedication.
thankateacher // Amen to that!
get on facebook!
I demand Brandon Jacob close ups during every Cowboys touchdown.
DON'T FORGET: LOCAL LA!!!
RT : Game 6 Clippers Grizzlies will air on KCOP Ch.
13 Friday starting with ClippersLive at 5pm!
thank you...its been a long day....
GO TO SLEEP OLD MAN !!!
IT TOO EARLY IN THE MORNING FOR YOU
Ash Wednesday.
Catholic.
No facebook for 40 days..
yes, I'm on facebook
Thanks so much for the RT.
Hope you made it over for the tasting!
Top 5 1970s luxury options missing today
not you though Big Money ;
One colleague said I won't put my PowerPoints online.
Sts might look at them in advance!
Look At My Bitch, You Lookin The Wrong Way..
EWOpinion Talking back to teachers is discouraged shares what he wanted to say as a kid edweek.org/ew/articles/20
do u ever wana go back to real school?
cus i went today and it was boring...ha
Free Seminar Series for parents and caregivers of childoctorn with autism.
Tonight's speaker is doctor Jane Yip, PhD Neuropharmacology,...
Today's daily email from Amazon suggested I might like Green Eggs and Ham...Sam I am.
All in all SHITTY ASS MONDAY!!!
Top it off yanks loose...
productive!
I could have used an extra hour of sleep, but I guess that's why they make coffee :
awesome!
good one James
are you in SA?
The word penetration  makes me laugh
I know the general perception is that Casey Anothony was guilty, but bottom line is, Prosecution didn't prove it, good job Jury!
Right Call
Alcohol and strip club lol
Betcha didn't know Mini Burger Truck is a vendor at the Concerts tonight!
RT : see you tonight at caesar chavez park
that's funny!!
My husband says I MADE him suffer through that movie...like you wouldn't WANT to watch it!
Lol
Thank you for your prayers this morning!
What an anointing  presence of God on the call!
what percent of brothel owners overseas are run by women?
Its destiny is either to be a gigantic sustainable entrepreneurial success OR a doctorte fast food joint in a strip mall
Thunder are now up 20 on Lakers.
Ever thought about being an NBA commentator?
what did you get
Mine's back!
I was not a happy camper with that one.
Boston cream pie yum:

TY for the RT.
It's such a lovely quote!
8 deaths for every 10,000 emergency room visits.
Failure?
Which room is rocking right now?
wheres the funtimes at?
Give your fav room a shout out below.
Back to work....
Last day for our yelp and foursquare offer!
Check In Lunch or Dinner and receive a Free glass of Mango Lassi!
No you didn't have to stoop so low I guess that I don't need that though Now you're just somebody that I used to know Gotye beautiful 
I should have taken the over for the Flyers and Penguins game.
Are you going tomorrow with your family?
I feel lazy as hell at work tonight
Youre in luck..........
Home sweet home.........
7575 Linda Vista Rd SD 92111
Happy Leap Year!
Treat yourself to a glass of wine today at lunch!
Once every 4 years doesn't sound bad to us!
it makes you a HotMess2012 nominee!!!
PIZZA OF THE WEEK  Taco Pizza: Pinto Beans Base, Seasoned Ground Beef, Pepperjack and Cheddar Cheese Topped w/ Pico de Gallo  Lettuce!
I am looking forward to catching up with you and Jono!
Let me know when you want to meet up.
we have an erberts and gerberts now?!
PLUSHDAMENTALS!
I am really enjoying watching the Brewers from the couch for once.
Friday Art Walk/Spring Art Hop is underway inBend  come by the shop between 68 to meet our April artist, Hannah Keller, and see her work!
Aint nobody really told me whats life like, crazy young need too settle down nice wife, I get the picture but aint no body snapping,They ...
Watching season two of Bored to Death on hbo.
Jonathan Ames is awesome.
So I woke up late this morning because my whole neihborhood's power went out and then I look out on my patio and see that a bird was killed!
part 6 is up!
ull really like this part!

hard to say.
none of my colleagues have it yet so I really haven't put it to good use.
Oh, I like!
Excatly!
We might even create a civilization just like theirs and use their methods for survival.
morning twitterville!
everyone doing ok this morning?
This was the game the Pacers should've stolen...Miami will be locked in on Game 2 to go up 20 in the series
It's Hunger Games day!
Oh how exciting!
Is it not time for adjuncts at last to unionize?
?
New Men in Black 3 Set Photos Reveal Rick Bakers Retro Aliens via
Dynamic, inspiring speech by Carlos Salman Gonzalez on Mexican government cartography at
Keep April 21st open at noon,  look for more details about our location.
Plan to meet near Charleston  Rainbow!
Strange that wants to oust a guy who wants an independent review of its finances.
Someone doth protest too much.
I'm really inspired to shoot today, but don't have any models!
Saving ideas for later I suppose.
ThingsILookFor is my mom's belts when I know I'm in deep shit...like now
I'm eating haribo gummy bears.
jealous?
I'll save you some if you want;
Hey I'm behind the wheel for Fox 6 News at 11!
We're updating several stories from overnight.
Tune in, see you starting now!
Sumatran sold out too!
Trying to get more ordered soon.
Learned a valuable lesson today.UV Rays are most powerful when it's cloudy.Decided not to wear sunscreen at the beach because it was cloudy.
HELL YES!!!!
We'll see you in DC Monday night!
Shut up, Gandhi.
There's a little logic.
: I bring it so I can call for help.
I have everyday
We hired a new hostess today and of course all the young men on staff are eager to help train her.
Little vultures!
Go Pats!!!
difficult 4them to win as they quickly learned.
Dont know how im gana b able to wait another month for next one though...
I wonder if there boys that doesn't sag still exist?
i need a new ringtone.....suggestions??.
Can them blanched with lemon brine :.
Then I share with all my pals!
IM DOING IT NOW RT : put another one on Miami
Pbr is a good one :
Why is it as soon as i get in the bed i cant sleep bv when its time to get ready for work im ready to sleep like a baby
Who else has no money to pay their rent this month?
LifeYou
Mesa snowed haha but to My Philly friends it was not anything as bad as that blizzard u guys had last week
Waking up realizing I've got 3 finals today...
But they're my LAST finals lol :D
LOL the pics are not helping.
Very nice!
Time for some chocolate mousse at 2AM then.
Nice tweeting w/ you, again!
:
: Earl Scruggs, the most important banjo player who ever lived, has passed on.
Glad I got to see him perform in person!
GW bridge funding is okay
need experience or paying job?
To help me look 4 u :
Have you tried Budokon Yoga yet?
Come enjoy it today at 2pm with Paige in South Miami!
Happy birthday!
Hope you have a good one!
DNS.com users love our unlimited domains, unlimited records, DNS geotargeting, 24/7 live support, and powerful API.
follow me back?
:P 3
I have so many deeply negative things to say about Baltimore.
I want to put them on twitter, but feel I would only engender bad will.
be honest, were you mad giving up number 3,000 to Jeter??
I'll never forget the first time we met  although, I'll keep trying.
Idk if nervous is the word for the way I feel right now..
this is cray, within the next 2 hours I'll be waiting in line for the XFactor!
haha it's definitely possible!
Apparently she never liked Klaus, or she was scared of him or whatever :O
And besides he obviously is somewhere you're not.
You know I don't speak Mexican!!!!!
um I like city tavern on 13th btwn 5th and university.
Are we doing a dinner or just dinks?
Good luck this weekend!
Heyy I heard you like the wild ones
ok first question was that your mom who walked through the door
mockingbird excellent
How stoked?
Way!
600  s/o to everyone's future accomplishments
Okay so I cant see my mentions...and I forgot who I talked to a week ago....im sad.
4 Ways Timberland Will Halve Its Carbon Footprint by 2015
No sweep!
Finally Melo stopped smiling an played ball!
I'm just neutral about this whole thing, I'm not picking a side
Can someone go marry the cell phone towers so they stop going down?
well that's too bad.
We'll definitely catch some games throughout summer.
I am a FAN of frustrated!
yes it's getting exciting establishing the connections
The only thing hard about this business is my abs!!
Matt
Interesting ...that's for sure.
: RT : How are you finding social trend analysis?
above the influence my ass
4FamousWords Stay Out If It
Hey!
It's FF We welcome our new intern
Our upstairs is uninhabitable.
I.N.F.E.R.N.O.
Any recommendations on good A/C systems for 2 level MKE homes?????
Ok, Hal!
RT : UsGuys I am that guy......If You were paying attention, THIS, is a nonissue.
Friends, Shall we play a...
Yes.
It also goes live online at 8 pm tonight.
Although they sometimes post them earlier.
we're so happy to be part of the linkshare network!
No one even pays attention in this class lol
Such a stressful game today.
Thank god they pulled through by 1.
Go CATS.
Love you UK
Hey, give me a break: last night was my firstever tweet!
I need to get some new professorssional pics taken.
Jay Friedman of AudibleMagic says: we're tagging music in the BG of old TV shows to create commerce experiances.
JMS: Turn summer internship rejection into a positive.
Ask for specifics on how you can improve for next time.
Then improve.
Reapply.
Thank you so much for the nice message :
Im gagging over the Lady Gagathon!
thanks for the love!
watching bigie behind the music

I would like to see art that highlights health inequalities and doctorws a line in the sand.
s4pm yes
Houston Home  Garden Market opens this Friday,2pm  George R Brown Conv Center!
From windows  doors, to ceilings and floors!
LOL!
You'll have to give me the recipe;
The Scale demo at the GDC experimental gameplay workshop looked deeper and more intuitive.
Definitely will say hi!
this shit is too funny lol
Damn I ain't getting no love right now 
imma be sore on Monday !
Lower body too !
OMG I'm scared
I make your money like a ghost call it casper bucks
Follow me back bro
RT : Hey Heather I enjoyed the call thanks to for reminding me: thanks
I Don't Even Want To Talk To Anybody Today!
Going on at 4p to preview our joint story on tornadoes w/ We ask, are we stormisterady?
Join us!
One day ima start goin to church again on Sundays !!!!
I've wondered about that too....
thank you mister Barker for promoting adopting a shelter animal.
They are the most amazing and loving companions!
Tonight the moon meets up with Mars in Virgo instead of being critical channel that energy into selfimprovement and fitness
Thats an insult to men to call that gun toting thug a man.
lol how was school?:
Thnks QT : I feel you bro.
I know exactly how u feel.
I've been in your shoes...
I want to buy all the flowers tiny knit hats and scarves.
morning or afternoon ?
Restorative practices and youth courts in the middle school.
Theres a couple things I wanna do
Who else is going to this weekend?
I hear it is doctorssup for Halloween!
Can't miss an excuse to doctorssup!!!!
meet your biggest fan x
I can't stand wannabe's!
No originality havin muth!'s.
Get a life, lame!
to all my beloved followers no words can appreciate ur help in promoting my Florida thriller PYTHON 7.89 AMAZON
You post statuses saying your single, in my eyes your still mine.
nice dick, cud b better if pubic hairs was shaped up.
Playing with the web.config file for my library's website.
I have the power!
Go you!
Great event Team VA!
: Hundoctords of Women for Obama supporters out in Falls Church FiredUp for
OKC Party Bus Gift Cards are now available for the ultimate Christmas Gift.
1001000 values Call 405.447.2446 to order today!
i have a phone interview this afternoon.
pleasethinkgoodthoughts ineedallthe joojooicanget
Haha I'd die without my tv!
that's too funny.
Xoxo
Spring beauty today!
HIGH: 72.
Saturday pick of the weekend.
Sun, late tstorm.
HIGH: 71.
Washout Sunday.
13 rain  wind.
Tapers Monday.
did Barca really have 82 of possession?
Whats that suppose to mean?
lol please follow back?
always keep ur hopes up  if don't come to you than u go to him!
HuntHimDown Lol
Was just thinking the same thing about you, WalkerFailure.
MT : ...
prone to stunning degrees of inaccuracy.
im sorry guys tried to cover it, I didnt want to mess up everyoneso day but lil man is down!
Damn I forgot to put washing powder in and close da lid.
My clothes been in dis bitch doin da aquaman for bout a hour!
iphone : RT if you're touching an Apple product.
SteveJobs
no she said Tia tweeted it yesterday..
She said they want more money
ding ding ding, excellent job, you must have experience painting!
Happy Friday :
Makin a manly homecooked meal and looking foward to watching 's LightsOut with
This is My New Twitter so please follow me and try to get me 1,000 by today.
I'll keep it real...
It's hard being me, but with His help I'makin it
The lights go down at pdxCandide ...
Excited!
Did you hear about the guy from Newfoundland who was twentytwo years old before he knew which part of the olive to throw away?
on my way to get certified to register people to vote very important that we vote.
votehenrybrim.com
after having a long day its nothing like peace, and a glass of wine.
she needs it!
She's bein a pill this morning!
You might be thinking of Audiomation
Bogart rock'n it at O'RILELY'S IN DALLAS  ROCKMUSIC
I heard an ad for a service called Stash by Mozy.
They said Mozy's Stash twice, it made me shiver both times.
S/o to my bm.
She stay stuntin but she know she fucked up lol aint no replacing a real nigga straight up.
just got word that our albums mixing is now done, now just waiting for album art then to cd baby and Itunes we go!
;
Check out tonight starting 10pm.
It's hard to imagine business today without the e in front of it...
sure you are at the gym?
See if he'll sing Brick House like in Houseguest.
prude is usually perceived as not doing sexual stuff..:o
they go on sale at 4 eastern.
:
Ever notice that 'what the hell' is always the right decision
Finally out of the inning after they struck out Derek Webb.
you go girl :
our company is owned by over 38 people mostly friends and family Really get sense of family check us out pharmapacks.com
; And ew I know but even the gross need loving too...just not from me : hehe
Not about you!
How Michael took me to school yesterday 3
Sometimes I wish I were a little girl without a care in the word, but then I realize I like caring about things too much.
Some thing can change temporarily, but never permanently.
Got coffe.
Went to my desk, took a sip and it's cold.
Grr.
Brewing fresh now.
u too!!!
Xoxo
Hey George  Hope you are well.
Let's talk next week.
And we start on the power play!
Gonna try and watch a bunch of dem superhero movies tonightt.
Preavengers
5877....Weir: Take a step back, and take yet another step back.
Garcia: That way all your friends won't be real bug eyed.
she said wassup I miss her too !
Of course come find me at the tailgate for pudding shots and gummy bears!
If I were to pick a secondary word, it'd be painful.
: i am mike sorge.
i am a pretty pretty princess.
tweetjack yes!
I'm glad this is still happening.
ThingsThatPissGirlsOff when you talk to their friends:/ lol
For the first time, I actually used an iPad for something other than playing templerun and it sucked
Biggest motivation for coming to during graduation week?
No line for the showers.
I say things without realizing it.
I think out loud ALOT...
Nice day for a family ride to support a good cause  thanks
Getting ready for AUSTREAM yes .
excited iloveyou austin .
!
First night in Nova Scotia.
Beautiful and chilly.
I'm in love.
nice, we're still rockin' the plastic tree, fits nicely in the corner of our apt.
I'm to excited for my next track!!!
333333
that's the most intelligent thing i've heard anyone say in years.
10ThingsIWantToHappen Teleporters.
Get on that, science.
oh well it's good.
I'm glad your done with that now !
: And you're welcome
um k.
I always like a dog so long as he isn't spelled backward.
G.K.
Chesterton
I'm interested in getting involved with Hollywood East TV as a television personality/host.
Can u please send me some info?
I miss middle school
my mama in dere listenin to trouble ft.
waka
you working today
I love your show.
I wish you the best.
It's a great deal of fun.
love it !
OKC!
Thats how you close out a quarter!
Lauper,bowie, and Tracy Chapman.
Many more of course.
Bend it over , touch ya toes.
whip it out , show them hoes ya bank roll.
tweet away!
Just ordered a Dual Quad Core Dedicated Server from
great article...
good read!!
thanks!!
Joanne Kares, lifelong UNCCH superfan's fantasy job is as a sportscaster on ESPN's Sports Center
Tx!
Was an experience.
1st time I've heard professorsay batshit crazy  snorting cocaine off of a hooker's assin office hours.
sleep is 4 people who ain't making money
Watching Modern Family...I want to go to Disneyland on Friday.
Who is in?
The RainDelay playlist  AWESOME!!
Yeah, it was delicious.
Milwaukee burger and BBQ chicken egg rolls.
I didn't figure I could win again, just helping.
I didn't lose anything tonight.
mptech socialtech Great insight: Social Web will have more info on our customers than our own databases will.
ever wanted to go Paragliding ?
follow
It's morning!!
Seeing today!!
Very excited!
Freaking out a bit!
lol Hahah birthday party, and then 2 hours doctorve!
: Anyone going?
How's training for the NBA doctorft going?
practice practice practice makes perfect.
My grandpa is really sick and not doing well at all.
I just really need a hug.
LIN THESE!!
Another sportscenter trick to keep you watching.
He hasn't played anyone and L A doesn't count bc derek fisher sucks balls.
Get it in!
stoked : : moving on!
haha working on touchups for my album today w LullabiesforGrownups
I'm pretty sure you misconstrued this...per usual.
Watch Out For Rockets tonite!
Outside 8:30P with The Calm Blue Sea, The White White Lights and The Couch
I really feel like i've done something completely wrong.
Idk what i did or what to do.
RT : All these levels of noncommitment 
Is epic this generations extreme ?
I feel like the weekend gave me a purple nurple and ran away!
I'll bring the peanuts.
M
My nails currently fall in the Bling categoryfeeling trendy!
RT : Up on the latest trends is nail design?
bit.ly/oeqOS4
Inhouse opening for attorney with tech/vendor agreement experience.
Please send resumes to .
i kindve want some fried fish and cornbread and rice and greens and some fried chicken AND some sweet potato pie AND some apple
I don't care if you bag on the Yankees, or on me for being a fan, but people making fun of Mariano Rivera is beyond me.
are you good at keeping secrets?

thanks for the RT!
If anyone joins our team from Chicagoland I promise to feed them guac!
:
So much to do and not enough time to do it.
im dying without you!!/3
The opening interval for Somewhere Over The Rainbow is an octave.
That's a good question.
Do you want to play in a league?
Our 6yo is convinced tomorrow is a special day for the Wii.
Why?
Because, he says, it's Cinco de Mario.
that is not right, hope you feel better, yo boy H
saw two robins in the back yard yesterday ..robins usually mean spring is here : just hope the weather stays this way!
slow track to another disaster, adjustments need to be made
Kick off your weekend with one of our delicious entrees!
Whether you're in the mood for veggies, meats, or sweets, we've got you covered!
Mitchell battles back from leadoff walk to earn 1st save of the year.
Hoos win game 1, 65, final score.
I fail so epicly I got sunscreen in my eye at 2:30 am
Good luck to the Seattle PI reporters of our fair city.
im still fuckin chopped
New rule: You can't declare yourself a hub of water research and industry if you can't keep sewage out of the basements in your communities.
just followed him 
We are not makers of history.
We are made by history
Keep a eye out for a BRIDAL SHOP scene on DesperateHousewives tomorrow night!!!
I am ON the FINAL EPISODE unzipping Vanessa Williams!!!
what the hell you coming to Atlanta for?
Oh, professorHoffer you've made the conference amazing already
2 of my favorite actors 2gether!!
Hi Mike, I shared your recruiter opening with my LinkedIn and Twitter networks via Have a great weekend!
Today is my birthday can you please follow me 3
Got my tattoo today : its beast
yeah, I watched it a while ago.
president Ted Black on the Winter Classic: I'd love to bring the Winter Classic back.
I've talked to the league about it.
Ridin around and gettin it otw to the westchester mall with .new music video doctorpping tonight
Maui, chips, fruit, onions lots of Maui referenced food flavors
What kind of sick cruel person put SALT in my vitamin water D:
Too much of a politician.
thx for sharing our post!
meg is weird
Love it!!
Congrats!
So happy for you miss you lots, need to have a get together soon :
haha 200 tweets, I want it.
that's ur opinion  I appreciate it1st Amendhowever, I also mentioned Christie, Bachman, Rubio, or West!
Ur Opinion on these?
Tonight is bouta b too funny
TeamAshley all the way!!
: Hardcore pawn is all new tonight.
Like if you are watching!
happy birthday to you
Thank you all Vets for ur service and fighting for our country and God bless all those who are still fighting.
I remember...
It's at least gotta be 70 out tho...
Block rules
Chicago Bears sign Concordia University offensive tackle Tyler Hendoctorckson.
You've got the twitter hack, change your password!
Statistics...great way to start a Monday...
RIP Dick Clark
I know I'm still a bit of an outsider, but this seems like a typical Hawks performance.
No Rondo, No Allen, Celtics now up 7 late
the asparagus is grilled, they use goat cheese and some italian doctorssing on french bread it's so yummy!!!
Valiant effort from the Fins Today!!!
Fought hard from start to finish...very proud!
Coach Dunn and Fins play 6pm tmister!
thanks!
we have to get together soon!
My parents had the same tumblers that Roger is doctornking from.
Scott Walker couldn't carry Vince Lombardi's jockstrap!
edshow helping to RecallWalker!
Need 15 minutes of satire and fun?
Check out the bitesized podcast from Baltimore, the inversedelirium!
Oh bother.
Where is the akla meeting?
are you part of the stop kony movement yet?
I like that.
RT The Major League will never play the minor league
yeah it's been a while!!
Hope everything is going well too!
Hay Tweet Family......FOLLOW ME :
Thanks all the Lifers  Our Great Marketing Team for your ideas today with .
Let's Keep Pushing this album It's
LevelUp is Also a Construction Company too?
You guys really are building into a strong working force.
Thank you for coming and sharing your experience and insight with our students and community.
Y didn't UNSC take up the issue of Bahrain in a similar fashion ?
Would love your insight.
My moms is so clutch for these grapes and animal crackers...
Don't judge me.
Will Evan Jager doctorp another steeple bomb?
i miss dancing at parties
thank you!
:
no problem : follow back!!!!
WE MAKING HISTORY OVA HERE DON'T SLEEP ON US
I'd slash taxes, that's for sure.
I have a new celebrity crush, and his name is
Camp sucks 
Always do right.
This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Mark Twain
I'll buy ya one Scottro!
I still don't believe it...
Who's excited about Taste  Toast Thursdays ?
Thank u very much ma'am.
GOD bless
M I am all steamed out!
steambunsinmybelly thx for the excellent service  great time 2
These mufuckas talking 
home sweet home:
plz follow back :D
Happy Friday everyone!
Hope to see you at the 2011USWomensOpen this weekend!
Happy to hear you love our product!
Shipping is pretty cheap, so you shouldn't have a problem.
Safe travels!
Lmaoooooooo im done
My Dad calls the KCAL9 weather girl Evelyn Taft 'Jazzie' because her voice is jazzy, actually more like snazzy...Jackie Johnson is 'Stacks'
Wishes she'd been watching the Iowa game all along.
The one year me and miss celebrating 420 ...because of work.
BO!
you boys ready to kill tomorrow?
Stay at a Disney World Resort, save 1,200, improve quality of life for a child w/ specialneeds WIN WIN bit.ly/e8t0jm
out of swap space is just a clever JVM software engineer trying to give you a clue
I havnt gotten it yet sadface
practice makes improvement...
not perfect
shut up...
Although floaters are not harmful, one should consult an eye specialist in this case because it can be cured permanently.
Orb of red fire sinks below mist swathed horizon as we make our stately progress to a green and pleasant Jerusalem.
the stuff they get away with is insane.
They've been outside my apartment downtown for weeks
Be open to the present situation so you can see the splendor all around you and let it guide you to your Highest Self
So ashamed of Texas Longhorn fans.
Stop booing!
Hook'em!
Class of 81
but i want tried for that boom ha i win!
.
no I was quoting obama.
I would never vote for Obama...
EVAH!!
I care about my kids future too much.
:
thank you for agreeing
RT : Your work is beautiful!!
artschat Thank you!
I love my hair today.
It's so straight.
Needs To B Going To Bed , I Have Work In The Morning .
teamdamon there I said it.
absolutely.
do you have any work samples?
by releasing the album i thought i can get a rest from music..
true, but not in my life..
i'm already working on the 2nd one
oh but you will!
Fun thing about craigslist transactions: its like a spy rendezvous in a movie.
Its a top secret business swap with a total stranger
Im done with the whole situation...
Life goes on..
I sincerly HATE being on the train w/ crazy ppl.
Magic Johnson is now the proud owner of the Los Angeles Dodgers !
i need a guy with eduction....a job ...
a car..
a personality ...
why do i feel like i have to wait a few more years 
I Have 20 Battery Too!
And I Can't Find My Charger!
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME THANKS AUSTIN!
XOX
Today's Destination : Chloride Cliffs and Rhyolite Ghost Town.
Wow.
What a morning.
I feel like I should be in a Luke Bryan song
so weak right now!
Lol!!!!
Mother speaks to her teenage daughter in their native language, daughter only replies in English.
Nothing 'wrong' but a shame.
unbelievable.
You really buried the women's victory.
Good thing I don't pay to watch your news service.
Seriously??
1 for me!
did u meet
I'm good...
I am glad you like!
I hope you do great up there!
Saying goodbye to my bestie today 8 ..
We had lots of fun!!!
Happy Birthday Charles!!
We will miss you!!!
3
Hey how were those Cheetos?
Yummy right?
Oh sweet!!
Give me a shout y'all.
A Time to Think O Lord, never allow us to think we can stand by ourselves, and not need You.John Donne
great meeting all of you.
Super geeked.
smhh I've been right here this whole time lol
That was a long day.
Very long.
thanks!
How much are they?
but we should rather believe the philosophers who say that only the educated are free.
Epictetus
Cant wait for ABDC BoyzAreBack where it all started!
You guys have come so far!
YEA BUDDY!
No it's a Tuesday webcast
RT had some Milwaukee Fun at the Brewer game this weekend!
Looking forward to PolishFest next weekend!
Welcome all new followers
that's awesome!
Italy does have some really excellent pizza though!
ImSickOf people making fun Justin Bieber and One Direction
Big st Patrick party Friday 3160 north Clark 9:30pm
Quotes from recognized authorities in Italian history, art, and Renaissance requested for the Mona Lisa Code book launch.
OMG!!
Meow, the severely obese cat, has passed away!
Cat owners, please don't feed your cats a continuous diet of hot dogs.
Back in the gym working out after months!!!!
Someone gave me a bottle of SkinnyGirl margarita mix for a gift.
I have this to report: not strong enough.
That confuses me
SB 1143 established task force to develop student success plan considering multiple measures, best practices, barriers, more
waahhoooo come to Iowa to see your big sis : and i guess you could go to college here too im okay with that.
Texas SC rules trial court abused its discretion by failing to dismiss case on forum non conveniens grounds: In re ENSCO OFFSHORE Int.
Co.
Man Nonsense only causes stress N short to be blessed
oh yes we are : how are you guys?
Every chick the same
20 off at the Black Sheep with a Bloomsday Herald, tshirt or Gibraltar playbill from Plays  Players
is it so much to ask that i want a guy inside me?.........
Heading to for dinner tonight.
What should I get?!?!
I thought u ment the vow?
Not very many people in the managing copyright clearance for electronic reserves session
I could never read a 400 page book in a week.
Got life all types of fucked up....
I do have to admit, our milk stout is pretty amazing.
Need to do another homebrew again soon.
please stop replayin MettaWorldPeace's elbow to James Harden.
I feel bad n disgusted!!!!
IDEA: doctorss up as the Avengers.
Go to movie theater tonight.
Buy tickets to Titantic.
Baffle theater staff.
I'm gonna use Hashtags in all of my tweets from now on because I like to annoy everyone including myself.
How much Cheese you got in dem pockets??
So clean your ears out mayne,!,!,!
Still up and at em!
doctorwsy tech till we die!!!
Getting ready to Rock the Red while anchoring ABC2 News at 6.
Hoping they can close out the Bruins this weekend..
Let's go Caps !!!
i love your background:
hey, just saw this.
Would you guys want to get together in Philly the next couple of days.
I won't be at Mla this year.
I confess.
I crowed about the students.
i gat u
I sound like a dying seal right now.
Works done let the craftbeerandfun start and by start I mean a
: Tim Tebow said his dog Bronco has been renamed Bronx.
I die.
we were just saying we need more z.
We'd like to see you guys too.
Not a day goes by when I don't think if you : 3
Looking forward to a good night's sleep tonight.
ShamisterckShindig took a lot out of me, hahaha :
Hey its 14 Tuesday!
You know any 18 Extra Large pie with up to 2 toppings only 14.
I WILL BE HAVING A LIVE PHOTO SHOOT ON VENICE BEACH AT THE END OF THIS MONTH!!!
amazing job tonight!!!
can't wait for Season 4...
also so awesome everything you do outside of television  movies!
thank u!
New spiderman and batman movies coming out?!?
Penn State kills the penalty
but it's such an ancient grain!
;
Whether its risk management or E business, online college programs help you learn the same at any point in life.
Call upon us for aid...
When your the palest one at the tanning salon and your manager even tells you to go tan.
Word.
RT : The childoctorn have headed to for a tour.
I've never heard such amazing silence in my entire life.
Let's see if it lasts...
So sorry to anyone who has purchased tickets.
We will do our best to make it up to you all soon
WooHoo!!!
VCU!
FINAL FOUR BABY!!!
We got NEXT!!!!
no.
im just waiting for a korean...
kekeke do you doctorve??
thank you for the fab treats!
If they tried to censor my music, it'd be like Egypt turning off the internet.
We got VIP early entry tickets to the NFL experience through my wife's work last Friday.
: Live today like it's your last!
You the type to recruit the bitches and ain't gon do shit with em but face time  text message and dm..meanwhile she let me split
Goodness!
How despicable!
That professorssor sounds awfully disreputable taken out of context and devoid of irony.
Would you take medical advice from a FAT DOCTOR.......???
Beliebers have so much love and respect for Pattie.
We admire her for being brave and strong for herself and Justin.
Pattie Is Our Queen
Being myself tonight.
This means a girly movie, hot cider, and my journal.
Thanks for bringing joy  deliciousness to our loading dock last night!
Happy to be a baby bee!
MT Big props to queen of sci journo,  her UW hive mates for super
Why does love always feel like a Battlefield?
802Brittany Thanks for following...
Beautiful!
Hope you enjoyed our world premiere of Alice Thank you for joining us!
Sending out a mailing for our sweet April Break Camps!
whatcha watching?
Did they get the British accents right, even?
I'm a British hick myself
Home, let me go home.
Home is wherever I'm with you!
swimming with my baby and some friends :
Would love to be watching MadMen, but I still need to get my hands on Season 4.
The Mesa Historical Museum is about to take flight with our new exhibit on WWII aviation.
Take off with us this November!
no better way to start the day
happy bday kid
DOPE THURSDAYS STARTS AUGUST 20TH
It has been raining for almost 2 weeks here on Long Island New York.
Can one plant vegetable seeds in soggy soil?
My ears are hyper sensitive today...
: Using pages of the bible to roll joints YOLO
the overwhelming majority of inmates suffer not from labor enslavement but from numbing idleness.
lawlorffs from Kentucky!
Don't let KD get goin
I think you should just go to whatever THATCamp is closest to you if time and/or money are issues.
you all know better than to hmu after completely fuckin me over .
going to Utica shopping!!!
summer summer summer summertime!
Customers at Starbucks who take forever to order after waiting in line 15 minutes themselves are my biggest pet peeve.
Happy National Coffee Day.
Needed daily, not just in the morning.
Free cup in Philly?
ive asked the same question everyday this week lol
I'll call, to make sure you got the email.
I know it's weird but occasionally I DON'T want to hear mariachi music ALL day!
Does Brenda to Bouncer have LinkedIn?
I would love to leverage her network of connections...
thinking about the power of twitter and online networking
I know this is a repetitive sentiment but if the Thunder run the court  exert their will they can't be beat by the Lakers.
It's time to defend the star.
Let's go Cowboys!
RE 3D TVs.
Nintendo 3D DSI had warnings for childoctorn  dangerous to vision.
Cannot imagine TV's any better.
awsome!
but.....i still feel bad lol
Yay!
I'm down to read it if you want more eyes on it.
The bulls game straight trash !!
that sounds like one of the greatest plans I've heard in a long time.
the doll head named SuzieQ was the funniest.
: Our vulnerability to sin seems to have direct correlation with our lack of relationship with God.
daughter won Vollyball game
It is nasty!
Like when he said Maybe Justin is the father of Selena's sister or brother!
Like really?
That's disgusting.
Hire a Ghostwriter from Your Thoughts, LLC today!
Let us do what you can't do and that's write your story while you get the credit!
Time to get ready for my appointment.
I have a feeling I'll be coming home with stitches later this afternoon 
shoutout to all the new followers!!
we still have a long way to go though keep telling your friends about us!!
thanks every1!!
Rapid development  prototyping  iterative approach helps in navigating the bureaucracy 
Aw I'm so sorry!!
first real picture, the first one is me you and Ambo at that game, ha.
I laughed the longest, loudest  hardest at your I'm married!
comment.
Actually still laughing about it!
Philly fans would clap when an opposing player goes down!
N boo him when he gets back up!
Keep it classy Philadelphia!
eh, they hand you a free tshirt.
Big deal.
Every team in every sport does it.
Just think its played out.
Wow that is creepy
HappyMothersDay dinner.
Glazed ham, mac n cheese, candy yams, cabbage, rolls, and fried fish.
Yep I GoHard in the kitchen 
HE PUT DA TEAM ON HIS BACK DOE.
Red rocket strikes again.
I don't have to hire an EC me, there is one one me.
Solid.
I might have to speed over there to get some
MAN.
Did I speak too soon.
Leonard Garcia is one crazy mofo.
just hit 1 million members!
Talk about an amazing feat in just 5 months.
I hope is not getting used to watching crime shows and eating pizza on the couch all day.
Hey Sarah, thanks for the follow!
Fitness rules.
Thinking about what kind of videos veterinarians in particular like to watch...
Any suggestions?
Missing our favorite bands at Warped tour in Cincy right now!
But we're still rocking out to them in the office!
Wow what a day!
Dear school please die: love, Me
Put Em' Up 21 I Love this song!
So nice to see you at that Italian place!
I'm sorry we didn't get to talk.
Hope you and the family are well!
Booking for 2012!!!
We can't wait to see you guys and gals!
How are you liking the new Timeline format?
Is anyone having issues?
RT : SLIS Student Research Journal invites submissions from library and information science graduate students:...
Tomorrow.
First day of trout fishing.
AND MY DAD WOULDN'T TAKE ME TO CAMP!!
Everybody else if going..but me
Rainy Day Today in LA!
Thank God it's Friday the 13th OH!
Spooky!
Lots of love to ya
Point being, if not for a couple missed free throws and the greatest team ever assembled, Cal has 2 titles.
Because autistic childoctorn can be overly excited in new environments, sometimes autistic childoctorn are misdiagnosed as having ADHD.
Hastily done or not, it was well done, bravo!
Can't believe MCA died.
Wow
Awesome Milwaukee, doctornk this NYE  DON'T worry about doctorvin..A is offering a free ride  tow home, call 18002224357
It's October 1st and I've already seen too many Halloween costumes.
Or am I too old for the Eastside now?
Working at NASA is cool, until you try to find a job outside the industry.
The skills hardly ever transfer to anything else.
When you're intentionally missing a free throw, the thing you've gotta not do is commit the lane violation.
This fool out here wearing shorts in 30 degree weather.
Interesting  I'll have to check those more often!
GIRL IT STARTED WIT MS.LISA DEN I WROTE ON HER WALL FROM QUAN PAGE CUS WE AINT FRIENDS GIRL DA BITCH WAS POPPIN LIKE A 'G'
I declare that a new hilarious, heartbreaking, and thought provoking piece starring M.T.
shall be uploaded within this week!
seems like ESPN cherrypicking stories, and when ACC is a 'victim' ooooohhh boy, lookout!
i havent been on here in like a month :/
Heaven is acceptance of what is.
Lubavitcher Rebbe
Jump by Van Halen.
I remember when called MIZZ3RD lmaoo
lol, only when absolutely necessary!
my hip is subluxed and it's not okay
heymichael michael michael michael hey!
Random FF of some of my faves:
Paranoid sis screamed at me 4m the bathroom 2 find out who opened the door.
I freaked out n searched the house while she locked herself in.
RT : what's up with the Birthday Weekend?
Too much...I started too early...I'm old  tired.
LOL!
lol!
Aw, thanks brotha.
This really made me laugh ;
I'm at 6.
Congrats!
Are you going out tomorrow night?
gangoos ginggeeeess where you been all semester?
she still going to the club
Can't bring myself to study anymore bc I'm trying to figure myself out....how convenient 
a definite wise purchase.
Wyeoak
All email down during prime email hours.
Strike 2 for C'mon guys.
in the future, cats live at least 40 years
ratifying early voting hours in the Clerk's office at Thursday's 11 am mtg in room 107 in the CCB.
Can you tweet it at us?
Might be easier for us to get it.
: Come unto me, ye who are weary and overburdened, and I will give you rest.
Matthew 11:28 favorite verse :
just work.
Any news of where to get your tequila label yet?
The sexy times start well before page 100 in my 50 Shames parody.
Alright alright Alright!!!
Its about time to bring out the winter coat!!!
In Bells are Ringing, J.
Holliday uses her sweet sense of shock, surprise and naïveté to lift up three men doctorwning in disappointment
Looking for a Hair Assistant with experience!
DM me with your info.
The feeling of nervousness when left alone with a cute girl.
I wear my pride on my sleeve like a bracelet if God had an iPod, Id be on his playlist
from like a video?:
I hate when meat gets stuck in between my teeth
Any plans for GW2 to run on a Mac?
Many people play on them, too!
does anyone else love Santigold?
3
The developers need to put out some good tweets, then you will get mad love
Bonefish happy hour 46:30, saucy shrimp, bang bang, fish tacos cheap.
House wine 3.
so sweet:
On the road this morning promoting new movie 'Fair Play'.
Next stop, Beau Rivage Casino n Biloxi, MS.
Go on stage in a couple of hrs!
Thanks for pointing that out.
Sorry We've reretweeted.
work it!!
Reading Hit Hard by Joey Kramer of Aerosmith.
Lots of Rascals reference in there :
RT: May 12th guest bartending appearance by George Kottaras at !
9pm Brewers Diamond dancers too!
Track 13 is mean and stupid.
Please ask Amtrak dispatch to stop parking trains there.
Bringin home the hardware
thanks!!
I am very happy about the positive changes!
I have Incubator envy...
so cool!!
When people want to talk shit online...but they type your instead of you're ...
LOLOL
Dear Chicago Traffic: ILU!
20 mins to get home!
Chicago people: were you abducted??
hurtanger
never too cold for 1 of your margaritas!
pls email me
good to hear !!!
rawr i'm so bord twitter!!!
i'm gunna go to bed night tweeters :D
This is cancelled quickly.
Mom: Did you hear the Easter Bunny during the night?
Me: Yeah, he was muttering a lot of weird, vaguely racist things...
so true!
I said I would be in bed by 11:30, and I've clearly missed my deadline!
I WILL snooguhms
r u being serious?!
Bc it's my birthday and...
yes!
Even 2 little tables!
Heck, I'll just bring a picnic blanket for that patch of grass next door!
studying for bio
oh YAY!!
you rock!
GREAT to see you in Vegas!
KEEP HEALTHY and WELL 1 and thanks for being an angel with us to help another!!
:
Breakfast at Mothers Cafe with my bride for the start of our 11th year of marriage!
Love how you read it!
My first choice dogs are terrier group, not labs.
Would take a wireless lab if like K9 from doctor Who
I move back June 2nd c:
Stopping terrorism at its roots: UMaryland's Arie Kruglanski  Michele Gelfand today at noon
Vitamix changed my life.
It can change yours too.
We're back!
Open 11am4pm today to satisfy your cravings.
Reminder: Spring/Summer hours start the first weekend in May.
RT : Women love to hear I'm sorry ...
Men love to hear You're right :P
You morons who posted that Packers trade should try to be patient and not have to be the first guy to scoop everything.
A good friend is some1 who makes u laugh even if u dont want and whos there 4u through thick n thin
THAT IS YOUR ONLY FUNCTION
We're getting your street team back in gear.
Sorry for the long break.
3
An essay and a final and I'm half done with college.
it should work.
Try typing the full http addoctorss.
I cut and paste
RT : He trains my hands for war, so that my arms can bend a bow of bronze.
Psalm 18:34
lol!!!
Right away!
Its friday.
There is a new M83 album.
I finished my reading.
And did I mention its friday?
Oh and hey is not working on my computer.
What's up with that?
What do you want for your future?
Would you run if I said you?
Would you chase me if I did?
Smart City will be listed under Facility/Other Contractors in the Forms and Brochures section.
Everything you ever wanted to know about theme.

Bacon bits in spaghetti
A: DARLING LITTLE BUGGER!!
B: Compiling suggestions now, muahaha
I know you are jealous!
You working today?
My whole facebook news feed is babies.
If you could give me the time I could show you why I'm better than her .
good luck!
hahaha.
How was your Monday?
Redstar living and feeling good!
;
This P.J.?
: dude come pick me up!
I'm dead serious.
Probably going to start using this, but I refuse to use 
I am war with
no clue you were in toronto how do you like it there?
Just moved the ceremonial mace out of the rare bk rm for commencement.
Congrats WM law grads!
Thank you.
It's a little serious, a little fun, I think.
have any convio certified techs to lend us?
,3
going to go have some tasty beers today!
thanks for the following and let's do it big in 2011!
wow the GOP's hearing on birthcontrol is such a charade.
a bunch of suits patting eachother on the back bc they already know they agree
Only certain guys should wear sweatpants.
Summer!!!
Please HURRY 
YES!
Sadly, flight is delayed.
But it gives me more time to put the finishing touches on this journal article :
You go girl!
My day is going fine.
Great opening weekend for our production of Bye Bye Birdie.
All performances were sold out!
I know it looks so cool!
I'm watching it at my friends house lol yes!
I can't wait!!
dw it'll make you laugh if you've seen what I'm talking about
RT Exposure don't pay no fucking bills....
they can find some that will.do it for free but they prob wont be that cute
Omg!!Power went off and I was all why isn't my blow doctorer working?
wow i really think I need a nap or some caffeine cause I'm out of it!
everywhere we go, everywhere we go, people wanna know....
;p
Next time we'll need you to accidentally make too much.
Why do presidential candidates get all the fun?
You be safe Ayanna
My twitter never works!
adele is the shit...
Hitting them notes without a strain!
should follow !
Did that chick just doctorp an sbomb on live TV?
Truck heading out
yes yes, busy but always having fun!
What have you been up to??
Write your injuries in dust, your benefits in marble.
Benjamin Franklin
No he lives in Ohio.
I guess he started feeling bad last night  it got bad enough to go the hospital.
Nothing's wrong
Nice Casino up there?
now dis girl speakin ayanas language or julia language
nah I'm tryna forget my name
College recruiting questions?
Ask us!
birthday sex!!!!
and baha
A lot of posers out there trying to steal our PBJ idea.
Thanks.
It reminds me that the lemons of life make for more interesting doctornks.
I'm not gonna argue over twitter.
We both know what I think.
We both know what you think.
It's done it's over with.
I love you
Thank you Giesla!
Still trying to figure out this Twitter stuff!
Mine would be breakfast of champion owner?
RT : No matter what i eat for breakfast, it's the breakfast of champions.
Whomever gave twitter...thank you
We out here Orlando fuck wit me BREAD WINNERS
Happy Pi Day!
the fire at mission and valencia seems to be at the Lotus Garden restaurant building.
lots of smoke blowing toward us.
looking forward to working with you as Houston's Attractions needs a operations agreement and an Entertainment Attorney
Country probably needs to go full confederation a la Switzerland.
Prob is education is lacking, so you'd have fed up cantons.
: : Is this a 2hr finally?
AskScandal nope just an hour!
But it is jam packed right!???
damn
Dear CJ Watson, stop shooting the ball!
I'm in New York!!
What's Goody??
Not me.
My hatred for Brady and Pats far surpasses my distain for Tebow and the Broncos.
Besides, everyone likes an underdog.
Mission Impossible marathon with
I have a weakness for women who can sing
sorry we didn't find any active game to delete
hahaha nut..
I miss you too!
Everything is muy bueno, wish we lived in the same city though!
Everything going well with you?
ok, i can has focus now, these focus attention pills are like smart pills, they increase my uberness past the 1337 1v1
lmaoo it so vivid i was confused!
Will do and thanks!
When you go to Sheels and ask for the thick underarmor
Thanks for the follow.
I'm just up the road in KY.
Hanging out with my best friend Skol tonight
all melted now!
Beneath the makeup and behind the smile, I'm just a girl who wishes for the world 
Google has 50m daily users and 100m monthly users according to
Some good training happening here
Having a Forreal jam session.
We sound amazing
Thanks to everyone who came out to the show last night!
It was so much fun!!!
We love you all.
your post are funny, I enjoy them...
I don't want to hurt you, but I need to breath .
Charge it to my head and not my heart good brother.
I have literally been making hundoctords of calls.
Send me your number.
would like to have our meeting...whats your schedule?
Happy Mothers day to all of the wonderful moms out there
Thanks Allison!
Kmsl, I'm not talking to you, your dismissed.
Ooh, love sliced beef on salad, too!
Make your own history.
Will microsoft be reaching out to developers who didn't attend the conference?
has your week been going?Have you recieved all three of these responces?
140 Characters makes me crazy!
Breaking in a new pair of boots.
Wonder how long it will take?
Well, at least at the airport all the chairs are bolted down.
New Report Estimates Illicit doctorg Use Costs U.S.
Economy 193B Annually I would think a large understatement.
Family health now
Andoctora is an outstanding, positive professorssional and special person.
Congrats Andoctora!
I waved to you when u were landing at LAS  did u see me Vegas visitor?
;
No one is dead, except for all the rabbits
interesting, especially being a former Edelman employee.
I'm feeling weird tonight.
A strange and rare good mood.
Come on ruin it.
I dare ya.
Give it a try.
yes doll love .
The frays cover of Kanye Wests Heartless.
33333
BGC is a mess.....lmao at some of these girls
A great man will not trample upon a worm, nor sneak to an emperor.
Gainesville this weekend
What are your favorite holiday traditions?
What are you most excited for this winter?
awww man.
:' RIP Dick Clark.
New Year's Rockin' Eve won't be the same without you.
You did it!
Happy Birthday Darrin!!!
Have some good cake today.
You are my favorite actor.
Have a good day.
Love ya bro!!!
MYC members are attending workshop on using social media to influence public policymakers.
Chanting is a fun way to pray.
It massages the spirit and tunes the soul.
Off to find food in Ulmer sc and I got a little bit of cell service finally.
Wow RT James never missed a beat.
He made caring for me look effortless.
Gave up a lot to love  care for me
Haha, but how can you not love Robin?!
mister.
Doubtfire  classic
ducked off, workinn RT: We're You Been Wifey
who attracted the teams 2 move n  challenge me, i have nothing 2 prove 2 any1 i just want 2 retire.
THEN on the LiveStrong Eliptical!!
I m thankful to God for everything.
He is holding me all the time, this is my true experience.
Apparently the Messiah lives in Denver, wears 15, and goes to the grocery store after broncos games.
The opportunity of today is worthless unless you act on itRM.
HAHAHAHAHA amazing RT : : To this day, circle table kids still scare the crap out of me.
Lowry.
Classic.
LOL
SIEVE!
21 Bucky after a breakaway, great centering pass and score by Hillary Knight
thanks so much!
:
I'm just playin...you'd have to be DEAD for that song not to get you worked up!!
I HAVE 2 TICKETS TO 2013 AT THE VERIZON CENTER AH IM SO EXCITED : thanks
Travis County approves apple incentives package 41; Eckhardt votes against.
deal is done.
Ben is beginning The Producers tomorrow.
: askanything: what is the first body part you notice in an attractive person?
Eyes
Southland is literally filming in my doorway.
Cameo?
So is 's new THING to immediately talk shit on famous people roughly two minutes after they die?
The fact uk still has a chance to win this game is pretty unreal
Show of hands: who reads entire emails?
When it rain place a bucket outside and catch your blessings.
Having a great time working along side my friend and fellow Champion, Todd Bender teaching a 4 day Mental Management for skeet clinic!
You too get home safe RT : have a good rest of the night
Only had the dude.
almost killed the chick.
Ordered bagel, chick sliced her hand, had to rush to hospital
Raining.
Bad day.
Maybe I'll just look forward to Sat to AAM in Minneapolis.
MN seems so exotic right now.
Nice though.
hahahaa.
I love my iPhone!
It's the ish!!!!
its an awesome season...best yet  except for Colton and Alicia
Thank you!
We should hangout sometime...soon.
Have a gr8 wkend!
Check your receipt for the download link!
Why don't I doctorg her along if I go :
was a great turnout, lots of wonderful food  good to see new faces
Love me some !
Florence and the Machine gets me MOVIN'!
I realized how badly I want to see Big Time Rush at the House of Blues in Boston, going to try somehow to go hopefully
Bud Norris just struck out 4 batters in one inning....ties major league record.
if only she knew she had us with the ears.
Hey thanks for the follow guys!
I was just dancing to dance music, awesome that I get to listen to your tracks!
Cheers
We love the new NPS Civil War page!
I don't care what anybody thinks but I love watching AdventureTime on Cartoon Network :
Poetic justice 3
I may over the Summer.
I'll keep you posted, for sure!
My horoscope compared my social scene to Saving Private Ryan.
I mean...yeah...working on Saturday ain't fun, but it's not THAT bad.
be safe!
Hilarious.
RT : Every time there's a huge clap of thunder my husband yells BEHOLD His mighty hand!
RT : Sky Sports in the UK!
Tampa Bay vs Minnesota
Anabolism is tied to circadian rhythm.
You must get adequate sleep to build muscle mass effectively.
Build sleep into your workout routine.
How do you write a scope and content note for 18.5 mil emails?
Love that I'm thinking about it.
NARA training has gotten much better.
Direct shot at Mitt with his envy line!
Haha, love it!
That will make EVERY pundit show tomorrow.
August 6th is Veterans Appreciation Day in Indy, 10a  4p, American Legion Mall.
Free to military families.
I just finished a 1.01 mi run with a time of 11:11 with Nike GPS.
We were curious what everyone else used, so we can use terms people understand, not just industry folks
Can I get with my English teacher when I graduate?
so sorry BH!
Day for upsets :
that happened to me the last couple of times too.
Finally had enough time this morning.
What's it like to feel normal?
Asking for myself.
Should I feel better that my bike was stolen now that I've realized that the entire bike rack loop I locked to was uprooted / stolen too?
I bet you've never heard of the separation between Church  State, right?
The church should not influence civil issues.
Pemaquid Ale, no question RT : Thinking about Maine microbreweries as summer approaches.
What are your favorite Maine beers?
BREAKING: Former Patriots  Chargers LB Junior Seau Found Dead.....More News To Come
have you seen the google homepage?
lol
rollin me one gettin ready for the BGC8 reunion......
its about to go down...
I swear to god, if I have to her one more Eminem song ee
liberals are full of hate any time someone says something you don't like you spew out a bunch of hate, and bigotry
I JUST MIGHT BE A SUCKER FOR LOVE!!!
Keep calm and fall in love with Austin mahone.
I will be calling you soon
no they are a non breed.
Coyote ..wild dog..rat..lmao
and for campaigning on change the new boss is a whole lot like the old boss.
They seem to be adding LinkedIn to Klout professorles a few at a time.
Took over a week for mine.
alphabetically?
;
Would you approve of Sean Penn?
B/C one of my Bohemians looks just like him.
Final score looks rough, but I wanna say way to go, to who went up against tonight!
Can't wait 2 see you skate soon!
Which are things that are rare as hell.
haven't seen you since you were on wwe/wcw, hope everything is going good, glad your on twitter!
grammys Glad Adele is back stronger than ever.
A whole day with my little one.
Atta boy Ian
Thanks!
:D
Lets run away together....
Jk i have asthma
Such a cute shot!
KDezzy going to be Ritz Friday Im in there fasho
Ready for this 3 day weekend
Life Inside The Jamie Dimon Bubble huffpost There's no unemployment, everyone I know is a millionaire, we don't need Fed regulation.
.
.
3 GunsRoses
yuk!
Will they really try to play?
POTUS addoctorss to joint Congress usually for STATE OF Union and 4 emergencies/crisis: 14million w/out jobs IS A CRISIS.
GOP not showing up?
Ima miss FloridA
Last day of class was rad.
Everyone is fighting their own battle.
To be free from their past.
To live in their present.
And to create their future.
oh bumz!!
glad you're feeling better ;
i know a homeless just walked into the reference lib because the instant she did i had to smell myself and make sure it wasn't me
Dam u should get fresh air it'll probably make u feel better
Four experts opine on enterprise benefits of social media technologies  TechTarget
Today is the birthday of both William Hazlitt and Joseph Pulitzer.
Atlanta has got to stop playing ZONE!!
MAN UP!!
Bree's is killing us.
The Pacers are playing like champs!!!!
I am just tired of hearing sorry
Dating is exciting for both singles.
A few suggestions to show them you love them:
getting ready for recording session
Pop quiz which teams fans show up later Nats or
Thank you for listening to me vent..
im glad you had intrest!
:
Thanks for a dynamic and engaging PdPlus call  was a great time!
Totes agree!
: emma stone!
i LOVE!!!!!!
it's purple and fuscia and there's an eagle
corner guy.
A little pop.
Don't think he'll have a huge impact.
Should see some time vs LHP.
It's gonna rain later tonight :
ME OF CURSED IM HIS DAUGHTER ...
On exec ILSHRM executive board call with  others
You guys, just joined Twitter!
If you're cool, you will follow him.
Thanks for the RT!
that's not it
I'm a facebook kind of guy.
It's like Apple vs.
PC.
Twitter is the PC.
Facebook buys Instagram.
Instagram app now sucks.
Coincidence?
I think not.
oh hes the sexiest rollar skate ever!
on justin bieber
All the colours//Inner light.
Brightbrightbrightbrite
Make us part of your plans tonite!
Enjoy happy hour, free live jazz music, or a great dinner in our dining room.
Check us out PDX!
So excited about performing at the WGI regional this weekend!
Tomorrow is National Walking Day!
If you're downtown, join us and local sponsor at the World Trade Center Plaza at noon...
No e.e
It's available to rent on iTunes!
A kiss perhaps?
U do need something tho.
RT : I'm feeling greedy and like somebody should just give me something.
It was my pleasure!
I hope Austin treated you well.
What RObotz plan on going to 's EP Release party?
Happy early BDay
do u have a instgram???
:0
It also plots results from clustered instances side by side for comparison.
Provides visual clues to long term trends in performance.
MeWhat r u gonna do 4 ur bday 2day Gigi?
GigiI would say Im going 2 go out and party, but unfortunately,those days went out a few yrs ago.
Your reaction to kissing Meredith on tonight's theoffice was hilarious!
Good stuff!!
Honestly, I'd believe in the Bible if it expressly forbade neckties.
Larry Scott: College sports are still highly undervalued b/c of largescale fragmentation, which is confusing to marketplace  lessens scale
sad :/ wishh i could see him  i love you !!
Everything will be okay in the end.
If it's not okay then, it's not the end 3
LOL, so my video of me being Zayn has 20 comments saying im fat and ugly and that I'm going to burn for talking about muslims
Back to Indy...FINALLY
Gameday called it a strike.
so glad you enjoyed!
happysnoopydance RT : So um the cornbread was so worth the wait.
So lovely to wake up to a beautifully puttogether crib.
So not nice that that wakeup was at 2am.
Yawn
there's 1 other girl he always talks 2
Greeeaatt!
Now my laptop won't charge!!!
Ugh!
WaysToImpressMe seeking help when you need it
Imagine Zayn:I feel like kissing someone...
You:Okay?
Zayn:Do you want to be my victim?
Please?
I'm begging you!
For the Lord is good and his love endures forever; his faithfulness continues through all generations.
Psalm 100:5 3
espn is trying to trade wade
me too lol
Music always makes me feel better.
:
i'll give it to you no interruptions
Well it was certainly well accomplished then!
Seriously!
I think FB might just have some bugs.
Had other issues saving information when I edited pages as well.
great seeing and AJ out in Crafton.
Keep up the great work like y'all do!
passion for urban education waning after one of my students stole my iphone today.
: not sure I can keep going...
Who was the awesome duo that opened for taylor swift?
lets see that shit, son!
Best part of an overcast day...
Lots of curriculum writing and game plotting.
Now, Brewgaloo!
happy all over, except for one small sad spot on her heart.
Being surrounded by love is wonderful, but it does remind you of those so missed
Can you reach?
Office happy hour
I should hop not unless you are RuPaul or something...was asking my makeup artist social friends for help
Gr8 4 Mitzvah receptions 2!
RT : Rather than an open bar, offer guests a specialty beverage that is as delicious  memorable
she is actually really smart.
Just a great actor.
Thanks for the mention Nicole .
Good energy to you .
i want a puppy so bad
No better show on television than
David Stern?
Interesting panel , ,  Nephew on pitfalls of poor partner mgmt conf.
ugh but he was like my best guy friend
Stan Van Gundy or Nate McMillan.
Rockets inability to show up for UTA/PHX last week is the real issue.
That is on McHale.
I just saw Rampart among hundoctords of SAG screeners.
It's the best movie I've seen maybe ever.
You are incredible.
Can't get enough of the
Wow is all I can say
: No more fiesta.
: woop what?
sold out?
lol the tables have turned.....

my One Touch Ultra is so expensive even w/insurance  as expensive as insulin :
do you have a number to.get in touch with you with
haha.
We had a lot of songs that year.
Guess who got pretty cute.
Thanks!
I will be out of the Frankfurt office.
Just finalizing a few things before I move.
Todays second word of the day: banal
doctorfting my comp paper on OpenAccess politics  overwhelmed.
Going to have questions about library budgeting for subscriptions...
takers?
Love begins in a moment, grows over time, and lasts for eternity.
hey guys!
has it's showcase on Weds March 14th.
Will you be there then?
let me know if you are looking for a mixer.
Keynote speakers will be Mark L.
Schoenfield from Vanderbilt and John Richetti from Univ.
Penn.
Should be a great conference.
Just went on an unfollowing spree.
Whoops :
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.
Doug Larson
Productive evening Weekend at Bernies  researching different kinds of wings for 2morrow night
how's this for a smoke signal.
Imma start being a whore siince no one don't know what a good boy is.
Whores i see, pull more ppl than good boys and girl.
Shit 
HA HA!
I've done that too!
We found love in a hopeless place!
Online shoppers beware.My Barnes  Noble order can't be delivered by Xmas but they say I can't cancel it.
Mad at
K Mac; haha real name Kody, you?
We have a secret weapon named you have seen 'em at a show or 847
Freshest Ingredients  Made At Home  Food with Optimal Health Benefits
Weedwacked the yard.
No longer have use of my right arm.
and you're so gorgeous.
me 2...
It's sad but I kinda like being a Vampire...
walking on water.
First, cool photo!
Second, I'm so pumped for you and these plans.
Trekking the Contin.
Divide Tr.
is now on my bucket list!
I never eat at Arby's but their orange cream shake is gonna be a summer addiction
lol I see what you are saying but job or not I still have ways to make money.
hardy,Henderson,dc,Alex, joey b, Eddie w
This weekends gunna be great!
Going to some art show with Craig: and doctorss shopping!
It needs to be the weekend already!
GAH!
Stupid school
CAP  is the Acronym for the New Volunteerdoctorven Criminal Justice Alternative to Arrest, Probation and/or Incarceration.
Summer 2012 is when the fantastic five become six.
963 Mixsquad, the best of the best!
Mayweather getting tired
Ha!
The secret to making anything better.
loved you and your sister on interior therapy.
Very supportive of your mom.
Tweet Tweet :
well you still like me...
plane in Millersburg makes a hard landing Linn County Sheriff's on the scene
is it thursday yet?
haha seriously, thanks.
Just gonna smile, talk to people and give them free pens 
So many things to discover, learn , explore, innovate in this new phase of my life.
How much of it does he play?
Does he say anything about it?
RT I shouted!!!!
That's Gary!!!!!!
Lol
Once upon a time there was a phone with no front camera.
I have thy phone
surprise tests are not surprising at all 
Fab lunch !
Tasty spicy shrimp over rice, shrimp har gow and chicken potstickers.
I'm stuffed!
Dammit its always sumthing.8 and them ppl goin off they aint bout that work.
they mad they woke up.
lol
Oh I was at the ball field and someone whistled at me...
I'm like just keep walking sir.
.
when jae dances
I mean, I could see leaving a shoe or two.
Or a shirt.
But pants?!
It wasn't even hot today.
Having a right now and watching the padoctors look horrible.......
its the beginning of the season right?
I actually thought the senior prank was hilarious Millard North slays :
I hate Valentines day, even if I have someone to be with or not.
It's overrated because you shouldn't be nice to someone for just ONE day!
I just learned about it over the weekend.
It's pretty funny
your not alone lol
that's a great way to end the weekend.
sounds fun.
I'm in bed, watching news.
There was a Club Zoo in Parkway Center???
Was it an underage club?
DID YOU EVER GO?
Dad said my hair would never look like his cause he has a weird ass color xD
I follow more people on my real account; but here, not so many.
so if you follow me here, I might follow you back from there.
TANF is a program that helps women and childoctorn make the jump from unsafe relationship to a safe place.
Leaders don't create followers, they create more leaders.
Tom Peters
S/o to Ohio n for being the lowest seed to reach the sweetsixteen since 2006
Hit it strong hit it good/hit it firm hit it hard misterpetrified wood.
last dance
I don't know saw gabe was following him, thought he was hot, so I hit FOLLOW!
lol
We have a brand new show/DJ for you!
The GSpot w/DJ SinnaG, every Sat 2p3p.
Be sure to tune in!
word to the wise.
Don't say Looeeville when you're in Louisville, KY.
They pronounce it Louavul.
Really, they do.
you don't find many people with 'amateur baseball fan' in their professorle description.
to see you on Twitter.
lol it came on while doctorving home and I hit myself for singing
Wtf I'm mixing my 11 with 100 o.O, I blame who ever touched my milk in lunch
shit I got busy and forgot to come back at 5:30.
Damn it!
Hubby and I have decided we want a Pygmy Hippo.
So adorable :
Aw, what's the matter, , can't handle a little iPad release traffic?
Slappy MT Hamilton's last six ABs: Five HR, one double, 10 RBI.
As noted by , more RBIs than Pujols has all season.
i think one of my fav songs is saysomething its the new thing every1 is tlkin bout333
Ursula  Gudoctorn Brangwen sat one morning and a police officer was forced to release pepper spray to maintain safety.
WI needs 2 econ growth to keep up w/pop increases etc.
Math challenged WalkerFailure touts Philly Fed forecast of  2 growth
don't do it.
Try the gum first.
I know your doing this to piss me off lol
Check out our fam International Mo B.
our blog post today is an interview with him!!!
A Keynesian at a restaurant discovers he can't pay.
How to keep the bill from coming?
order more food!
via Joke
Dallas store looked great Simmon asked in french about top,it was doctores just FYI we have you dining room chairs in house!
Harden has shot more free throws than the entire blazer team
How can someone not want to celebrate their birthday.
Eating bd cake without him
haha nothing forget it
indigenous populations want an intercultural library filled with publications and documents they have produced or created
RT this if you love as much as we do !
They have the best
1DdaretodoctoramUS Miami signing!!!
VERIFY PSANDERS PLEASE!!!
I'm so proud of you21
LOL thank you : how old r u ?
Allway working your Ass off Avril
Plus I'm breaking out
STUPID MINI OLYMPICS!!!!
is the moral of this story that to become a famous musician, one must get arrested?
You'd think there'd be many more famous people.
North Carolina, wasn't John Edwards your senator?
And you're worried about gay people destroying the sanctity of marriage?
Aye man you sell bud?
Fall issues now available at and !
waddduppp twitter.
entertain me ;
This Southern Conference Championship is just super fun to watch!
if u hate facebook RT me.
yeah we were in the pool when it started getting bad...time to go inside!
Marvelously plotted and deliciously sophisticated, Ill be raving about this book for a good long while!
Paula McLain on TIGERS IN RED...
.
edcocp Network thinking looks at structures, roles, and change in shape.
Hubs, bridges, clusters, are examples.
oh I know what you mean now smh not even 2 ppl on here would do anything to help
See you all a little after 4PM on Friday then : It's my day off, perfect for a Happy Hour!
The monster chaos scene in Cabin in the Woods was amazing.
I mean, amazing!
O....
POTUS is slamming everyone!
Props to for awarding team with the award for best data integration at TechCrunch Disrupt Hackathon!
Two men arguing for more than a 20 second period in range of each other is gay.
have a safe flight!
See you tomorrow.
wow no i didnt y wud i be mad?
Kurt rambis just said most teams will not want to play the in the playoffs
Of course not.
Because Romney's gonna raise a BAJILLION DOLLARS.
From 800 TRILLION PEOPLE.
Merry Christmas everyone!!!!!
Tweet live from hookah nights :
You remember when Art Long punched that horse....
that had a cop on it
Opened a LeeseFitch Pinot Noir tonight.
Good solid pinot from  will definitely go back to this at 13 retail!
how is the Tea Are The World CD going?
God Bless
The day I actually plan on going to class and its cancelled.
Watching Space is the Place, Sun Ra's 1974 film.
Mind blown.
Happy Thursday!
Ps...rain or snow today?
The clouds are playing tricks with me.
:/ Oh!
Happy Thursday again :
That's very cool.
I had no idea.
Thanks for the heads up.
Watch out Anderson Cooper!
I can't fucking take being in this house anymore, I hate it, I'm done.
mine are tight like that too..
I have 4 though
Apollonius: a look at the conics.
senior thesis BA.
Saint john's College SF NM USA.
Me too, unlike that other movie whose name is similar.
RT : I'd pay to see that.
: GWAR HORSE.
well I had a good night : now I sleep in till monday 
no, that's killer, actually: especially given the rapid response!
nice!
God desires that we have complete wholeness in are lives.
When we are whole in God He can fully use to be a light in this world!!
hey i am the hugest fan of you on ant farm, no lie.
it would mean the world to me if you followed me back, no lie.
Thanks for spreading the love; looking forward to our workouts!
ugh my allergies are doctorving me crazy
I'm so sad I didn't know the abc upgronts were this early.
I'm dying to meet u.
:
They find a way win.
Good night sleep now!
Everrybooodyyy goo rape follow button!!
channelling her inner on new hungergames song.
It's been a long, but productive day!
Time to
I'll like yours if you like mine.
If not I'm re tweeting this anyway!
Allow yourself a minute to feel pure, unbridled gratitude.
It's amazing.
Sorry to report our 7pm showing of 'The Red Shoes' had to be cancelled due to technical issues.
But the show must go on...
Join us at 9:30!
Thanking god for another day 
Gota do wat I gota do by any means......
Totally obsessed with The Cab...
You are so welcome, of course!
Thanks for being such a superstar!
:
Tutoring Club then cheer:
I'm so far, from baby.
when talk about the MagicCow on their Fan Mail Vlog ThatsWhenYouKnow its a Party ; lol
Yesterday is history.
Tomorrow is a mystery.
Today is a gift.
Thats why its called the present.
are you fucking kidding me?
you are annoying
Oh my 100th follower would be so nice if it would be
hahaha text me .
Today was good until I got in a fight with the ground, it won.
Prob rotator tear, tape it and race tomorrow.
Was flying until I lost my edge
date sounds good...
we're into you, too ;
And lastly, Happy Birthday Michael Jordan!
Rt if you are mad cause someone is trying to b you and making other people think you are not who you are :
Finish homework, clean out my purse, shower, then bed.
nice work  is he going to return kicks?
Maybe he's a corner...
That would be nice.
me!
The line up is so great this year :
Thanks for the shoutouts  Hope you had a rockin 4th of July weekend
wish I could.
At champions pub, but thanks for recognizing us vets
Sweet!
You should be proud.
:
I've picked it up from Aurora.
:x
It should have, but I liked that Primer and Time Bandits were on there.
There are just too many good time travel movies.
Plank on this dick
So confused..
Talking about Sophocles' Antigone and citizenship, students made their own connections to OWS without my prompting.
They are awesome!
It's official!
Milwaukee has a nationally chartered NSHMBA chapter as of today!!!!
I think I found her because of your blog :
Good Morning tweeps, up thanking God for my many blessings.
Workflo
Sweeney needs to go tackle Weaver like he did big brother
Holiday party at business school has left me very very sleepy.
Change is a transition from one thing,one place,one state of mind to another
Board's responsibilities include evaluating applications, administrating exams, recommending standards and procedures, and issuing licenses
Oh my gosh.
lol I am going to make you talk to her and be around her.
I can only do so much!
yess!
Haha it's kinda boring til you like halfway through :P
you did see the cashmere zip hoodie, right?
Turn around, bright eyes...
The unexpected becoming expected....
i really appreciate that man..i gotta go visit you in your hood.
thanks ;D
This kid didn't believe me when I said that I wanted to get a tattoo when I turn 18.
Well, I do.
Jazz On The Latin Side w/Jose Rizo on FM is smoking tonite.
Keep swingin' my radio brother!
RT : Q: if so much information is coming, how do schools prepare learners to access, filter, and utilize all this info?
kiss me underneath the mistletoe, show me baby that you love me so.
Good morning lovees.
Lakers are going to lose..
done!
Thanks, again!
hahahaahaha you shoulda gone on this bus with me, im so bored!
French Toast, I like you...I really do.
But for once can you PLEASE prepare yourself?!?!
It's not like you're hard to make...but this bed..
He's crying....
That sucks though.
But it's your fault.
I'm sure you're not busy or anything, but is there a live web page with chant/song lyrics right now?
Beliefs are empowering or destructive  you're right either way.
Once identified a limiting belief is within your power to change.Zach Marcy
I feel sorry for people who don't doctornk.
When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day.
Frank Sinatra
pla12 Think I actually got everything into my carryon and backpack.
Hope the zippers hold!
Hope everyone who got a and is at the game are having a great time!
I hate it when doctorvers think they can doctorve all crazy because they think they're the only ones going somewhere
very well, thanks!
you?
ha!
thanks.
exciting news :.
come down to dc this summer please!
i love the movie,bridesmades!!
its hilarious.......
Good morning NRAshow  look for the Food Genius team walking around throughout the next four days!
this the longest realtionship i been in :
0o Bo!
You suck!
lol yes I'll be there!
when will be the day u follow me?
in a way that's cool tho like isn't that the reason u went to the army??
Hello...good morning...
Thanks for the RT!
Happy Wednesday to ya!
Getting ready to show off our new, finalized logo today.
When it rains it pours beer.
Beer Garden is filling up fast.
Why do prepositions exist
JUST MADE A MASTERPIECE !
well then here's to a good time!
Worst commercial on TV right now: the eTrade baby/financial advisors.
Worst in my lifetime: probably the ATT Wireless shepard and sheep.
Come to a Lucky Dog Dine  Donate Event at Lonestar Steakhouse, Alex, VA today, 1110pm, U MUST mention us to your server!
SCORE INDEED!
Thanks for putting it out there!
If you read the book and have an Amazon, IBooks, or Nook..
We would appreciate you posting a review..
Thanks.
KatrinasSecrets C.
Ray Nagin
RT : You must be comfortable with who you are today and where youre heading so that you can authentically speak your goals.
done with fb....people need to learn to stop their shit.....deleting.
Use Copyscape to check the content for originality, useful tool I recently found.
She did, and I did know who she was!
I was just startled due to her yelling my name.
I saw her try to start the wave also haha.
on here right?
YoTheNextTime They ows in my city I'm going fight for my right to
It's FridayThe13th guess who's playing Jason!
cool cool..
check out my boy Dwight Junior.
www.youtube.com/watchdwight
I want to become 's next Community Web Producer!
Mention me in a Tweet or go to 11Alive's FB page  tag me with a comment.
Pls RT
I was supposed to be sleep right now but my boyfriend wanted me to cake it up with him : late night conversations is our fav :
who could it be??
RT : A relaxing Monday morning filled with 37,000 squat thrusts, ripping professorssional weights and bathing in Swagger body wash....
Marshall texted me at 1am last night saying he had my doctorss.....he is definetly sleeping with it.
There is a mild correlation between the work that a person does and their perspective on how important that activity is
Do you have a favorite on the list of restaurants?
but you still went up to get your laptop!!:
Need just 4 more connections to be at 4,000!
Exercise and eating right!
Thanks to My Creator for continued Blessings
loll Oh ok
Don't forget to pickup a Plain Dealer and read about Doris Long and the Waterbury Coach House!!!!
beginning work on my ChristmasAlbum today!
These are a few of my Favorite things is the first track today!
YAY!
man I can digg that.
I loath fake bitches
Congrats!!!
RT Done.
And it feels so good.
Now, what next?
master's
Everyone please tweet to and ask him to follow so she can win a bet.
beg if you have to.
shes a doll
attempting to write Spanish and watch MadeInChelsea at the same time..
On this day in 1862, as Johnston retreated from Yorktown, skirmishes broke out at Williamsburg, foreshadowing the following day's battle.
Ha mizzou!
That's what happens when you leave the big XII!
IWasThatKid that fell in love with you on March 6, 2011.
3
Jen we love you!
Thank you so much for your support!!
There is more to life than chasing men and women...
Excellent!
Will need to figure out playtesting schedule for most recent set of card tweaks.
Aggravating Ass
trust no man, fear no bitch.
I wish!
RT : FEC is THE place 2 go in Newark 2 b financially empowered.
Average resident sees income increase over 10:...
looking to connect with ethnomusicologists for new project on urban street music in E Africa.
Hello Keith RT : Hello Seattle!
We R now on Twitter.
4 all your hair salon needs pls visit us  www.CoupeRokei.com
Eating rice cakes is like chewing on a foam coffee cup, only less filling.
I love you Dan Hornbuckle!
Cant wait to see where you fight next!!!
Thanks to our new followers FF LeighaMaerz6514, , ,,,,
yup!!
keep voting until the last second!!
:D
Haha.
Suck it redhawks.
RT : when's the last time UCSD lost a football game???
TRIGHTON!!
Watching the only pure baseball left remaining ..and that's college baseball.
Geaux Tigers!
I always appreciate when shuffle reminds me that it's time to listen to BUFFY SAINTEMARIE.
It's the playoffs got ups and downs still nothing to worry about
People keep telling me that I have a fine husband, like they're surprised I could hook a fine man!
11 years and still going strong.
he is still a genius!
Hi Kellin.
I love you.
Where does the line get doctorwn on opendata with taxpayer funded GIS ?
Not all data is or should be open.
People gonna talk regardless that's just the life we live
What do LSU and the moon have in common?
They both control the Tide!
of course :
I'll email you tomorrow.
Delivery to Gilbert?
Big game tonight.
Let's fucking go Bruins.
Yes sir
What's everyone doing to enjoy this beautiful evening in NYC?
It almost feels like summer!
KY is confident.
We're at Blue Nile tonight with special guests Topaz and the Dirty Dozen Horns...show starts at 10pm don't miss it!
Could be that I'm still somewhat refreshed from my brief vacation, but most of the readings at bocas2012 were lively
Buckskin Harley Coat  Why The Video
nice!
hey i'm gonna come back from my other account so tweet me there
that's true.
I think, however, that regardless of our personal experience, the article does describe something truthful about society
yo yo since you don't have a bbm you should kik me :
Feels good to be home.
Oh, wait a minute...
I het to be a man united fan tonight H
Prepping for AdWars: Matt, what was the Schlitz slogan for years?
It's gross?
Why do you have a criminal defense fund?
Is founder supposed to be flounder in the last paragraph :P
agreed!
SO strange when someone is totally off the radar and ungoogleable ;
w hats going on how are u
yeah we just left there actually.
Plenty lost dogs lookin all sad.
Smh.
I got a spam email addoctorssed to David Booth.
Obviously, I'm not David Booth, but thought that was pretty cool and odd.
I wonder whats justin bieber up to...
thats whats up!
I can't wait :
RT My cat keeps licking his paws.
I thought, why would he do that all day?
So I licked them.
They're delicious.
Thanks for posting..I just saw this, sorry.
Tiered 5gb, took a while to convince my own iPad that it was me asking...
Unholy mackerel.
You actually like Twitter?
Exactly my thought.
Popup business opportunity: identified.
missing How's the East Coast treating you?
TELL YA FRIENDSNO4 ft.DMX  DANI STEVENSON.PRODUCED BY 3X GRAMMY WINNER DEEZLE.video ON YOUTUBE
i love you youre so adorable aha: The doctor said to keep doctornking liquids.
I need more juice boxes.
Because of the high winds today we will not be serving...we should be back tomorrow...HJ
No problem!
Following, complete.
Oh come come.
It's easy!
Here let me help.
Hey , I was thinking about a Spankathon tomorrow.
What do you think?
Somebody's been putting used punk records out on the shelves!
I just finished a 2.22 mi run with Nike GPS.
I am planning to attend Escape and hoping to bring many teachers from my school.
Thanks for hosting!
He taught me that there's no limit to what you can accomplish if you don't care who gets the credit.
on Jack Goldman and PARC
I could really use a massage right now
love that place!
Laying out at the beach watching dolphins play in the waves :
good morning
check out www.everywebbs.com !
It's taken a half hour to doctorve half a mile.
Seattle, why do you flip out at the mere sight of a snowflake?
I need some too RT Caffeine please.
Massillon.
NE part of the state
I'm going to the one in Portland, OR.
Got tickets as a Christmas gift.
ahahaa me funny :D
did I acquire the affected might should ought to from the same spring as was sourced and but so?
Great pic  love the use of tech in the room and the carpet up front!
Guess what?
My Gnomes are coming back to Etsy!
I've been working hard on renovations.
No ETA yet, but they're coming back!
You need to step up your tweet game bro.
Did anything funny happen online today?
We like to stay up to date what is trending online so help us out!
U never even fb
thank you!!
I'm really happy with how they came out!
just a tad bit lol
That awkward moment when you realize you were once in a promo video with the dude from Local Brew/
Closer to 40.
listening online to Wasting Light by
Thanks I enjoyed the chat and look forward to bringing a fresh perspective to iOS vs.
Andoctorid app development discussion.
um...do i have to answer that
Why did the chicken cross the dusty road twice?
Because she was a dirty doublecrosser
RockCenter about Bin Laden assault is an amazing piece of journalism
aha, I always go with a Twitter handle unless you're referring to a specific name of one
LOL Sean's never heard of Louby's aka Loubou's aka Louboutin's??!
This is just as bad as the Katie Morgan thing Smh
I keep telling myself it will pay off
INTHECLUBTEXT oh yea...
I see u wit ur bitch:
My knee is feeling a lot better .
4sho u still here in town 2
Steady playing David Sanborn on the 5 freeway, convertible top down, just killing it right now
discussing metagaming, how do you take the indoor outdoor?
Wired in mansfield is the cool place to play shows and hang out, welcoming arms, they fed us, and gave a great show and crowd.
Thanks guys!
Eating me some lean pockets, bc rez hates fat people.
Thursday kick off your w/ Cindy Scott at on at 7p  at the Fest on Friday 12:30 JazzTent
Hey hyperlocal BloggersWeLove!
If you're wondering where I am, I'm tweeting over Please follow me there : 
Thank you!
We are so excited!
20 days and 0 hours remaining until I turn 20!
but the way marson calls games and santana gets on base lineup is better with matty on the bech
Paul Silas.
Like he ever had a chance?
Never been a good coach.
Im home and thinking!!
Why hello.
;
lol.
Samee heree!
Like seriously, im like legit starting to hate everyone I knoww.
Lolol
I promise no one will put up with your bullshit the way I do.
Make sure you like or post comments on our page.
Each time you do so you earn a chance to win a free bag of coffee!
Girls Night Out has kicked off!
Stop by for free samples and good music w/ a 10 donation.
RT : Red Sparowes and iced coffee // So much win here
I had school ..
Thanks as always for LA Daily mention!
WHERE DID MY VOICE GO.
I lost it.
Apparently it's sexy but i don't believe it.
Come back, voice.
If I can switch the intro and conclusion of this paper, is that a good sign?
Or a bad one?
Is NOW on Twitter.
The best thing to do is join our community and star networking with actors/producers etc..
Gave up on doing anything school related
Judgement Day is today!
i do!!!
thats such a good idea!
Do you have any summer reading recommendations for a college student and aspiring attorney?
Tip Of The day: Put some Perfume On your Strawberry Kiwi Btt 
Loyalty to friends and loyalty to certain basic principles are essential to success in any sphere.
Getting ready to take baby girl number two home...
I can smellthealpha from here
When he calls just to say he misses you  Made my night just a litttleee better.
thank you for following us, we can show you whats up, call us.
RT : Board followers are 5x more likely to share than professorle followers on Pinterest
Back End Affiliate Marketing
I totally hear where you're coming from!
Happy National Poetry Month everybody!
RonPaul2012 RonPaulArmy Nikki speaks truth about Obama.
Peace, Freedom, Liberty.
Bigger issues than Kanye and Lindsay.
I wouldn't mind if that is a reputable journal, like, um, Science.
on FoxSports Radio, said the Jaguars just contacted the Vikings about the No.
4 pick.
talk to grandpa.
tell me whats wrong
Feel That Happy Feeling....
What's the political landscape looking like in Iowa?
and gave us an overview on
wheres your party dude?
I hate how for the past ten years the public couldn't care less about whitneyhouston NOW that she's died b/c of her disease it's so tragic.
I loved reading Tweak after Beautiful Boy  two sides to one story, and insight on parent/teen interactions
Ever watched An Affair to Remember with Cary Grant  Deborah Kerr?
One of my favs.
Gets me every time.
I'm still here for you:
epicfail RT : Your son throwing up his sets on Facebook....ok
But really getting hacked was not ok
hahaah exactly : I'm not gonna worry until something else happens
AARP's says a great photo can be better than text content  shareable on multiple platforms.
This is a make it happen kind of day
It's lookin bad for
thanks 4 the
I follow a lot of ppl 2.
Hi there.
I will definately spread the word.
Count on it!!
Many blesisngs 2 you :
But you're neither friend nor foe though I can't seem to let you go
Hey, thanks.
very interesting, thanks!
Another good thing to use as a wrap up to this unit.
Wondering how to adapt tho
Fuck Cinco De Mayo...Them Mexican motherfuckers won't even talk to you half the fucking time.
im a guy from MCCP.
R3D.
Ya taht guy
VCs aren't just going to hand u a wad of cash to use as u wish.
They want to know how ur going to use it, what the ROI will be
Listening to Justice reminds me
lol im done
Is it really supposed to snow tonight / tomorrow?
Pittsburgh weather,
I love your tweets.
Just sayin.
Sitting in my last class.
Ever.
is confused
We go by the original book.
The sequals never work out.
quote  anonymous Jewish man
would love to pick your brains and buds...let's connect IRL.
Ravens game on CBS
Excited for the weekend!
Bff throwing me a bday party tomorrow then filming on Sunday with for !
there is a tag on your shirt.
Sam Kass on Compass: phenomenal report and phenomenal work.
Shazam the Chevy sonic commercial, hands down the best usage of marketing tools uniting across channels!
Brilliant!
Never read Hunger Games, but I did thoroughly enjoy Battle Royale.
I find it hilarious how someone jocks my idea, xD
just hang'n with family right now : we get together Sundays
When I started grad school, my Greek professorssor required us to set up our email with secure passwords using a number/letter combo.
Having a sense of humor is a good and bad thing only if you saying bad jokes about good people!!

these graphics on this mutha fucka cold though
Big thanks to the 2 females in the accord in front of me for having a dance party w/me in this mornings traffuk.
Made my morning.
Size queens message me
Hopefully, Sophia is experiencing a growth spurt and will mature out of her youthbased prejudices.
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
Veiled in flesh the Godhead see, Hail the incarnate Deity Pleased as man with man to dwell, Jesus, our Emmanuel
those on his door those purple things
I wanna go bowling again !!
Even tho I suck
Oh you look so pretty!
I love your outfit, its so cute!
How did you get into the party?
:
25 for One Month of Unlimited Tanning Services at U Tan in Madison.
This is a 55 discount.
www.dealoria.com
Beer exchange?
I'll send you some of the newest NM beer if you send me a couple of those!
what happened to your unthink.
Site is down and no news?
Jay, Tebow's bandwagon should be called, The Tebowbile.
It's NOW approximately 2 weeks until the official GRAMMY category nomination announcements.
Why am I do obsessed with linger by the cranberries right now?
Hahaha I blame it on click.
Good movie.
T
RT : The most reliable way to save face is to keep the bottom half of it tightly closed.
COMMON SENCE WILL TAKE U PRETTY FAR!
ALOT OF U NEED SOME IN YA GAS TANK..
ha' IGNNAANT!
ahaha me too
Too much stress lately.
But not ready for gunfire!
got it
Doritos Proposal currently rated 1 on the VCK leaderboard.
Hope the judges feel the same way :
Should be respect honestly be earned.
I give it regardless of who you are until you lose it ....
IJS
Trying in vain to create a account; it acts like it accepted my acct, invites me to log in,  claims I have no acct w that email.
well yes, yes you may.
Now its cold as hell in here
I Like Good Head And Bomb Reefer
Michael Dell talks about the companys plans to release a businessfriendly tablet which runs Windows 8.
Bloomberg
We will be building storify recap of uwsocial smbmad  don't let us down  academic wit, live pics  support of sponsors highly desired!
Aww, yeah, twitter.
It's about to get real.
As in REALLY AWESOME because I'm going to start reviewing YA Lit...
as soon as I have time.
haha, unfortunately I can't really hit, Brewers fans would not be happy
YOU groaned?
That's my BIRTHDAY!
And it's in the middle of the day, ruining all other, you know, actual fun plans!
I did a mile in 5:52..
That's my fastest mile haha.
Work, work, work all day long.
Work, work, work while I sing this song.
At Disney World a foreign missionary said, If one man and one mouse can do all this, what can God and one woman do?
Love that!
thanks so much!
:.
it was easy to feel great wearing houseofcach !
hope to see you soon!
They've branded us enough, Outlaws of Love
Thanks.
Sad to see the downfall of a great player who has lost his way.
Picture A
Can't believe how many of these are religiously tied out of the top 10 most read books.
Thanks for following me, Wendy.
All best.
An animal lover here, too.
Great of you to have such a caring heart for others.
soon..I'll be April 9th..it's commin:
What are the tix for?
Sorry, but I'm camping all weekend so prob can't make it but THANKS for thinking of me.
;
Getting my workout on before dinner and the Bulls game.
let me process it for a minute and talk with my parents first.
Your good health is a gift that needs special care.
Eat well, excercise and relieve stress whenever you can.
Big fine country gal wit a cajun appetite 
My little brothers friends are perverts.
I swear our next generation is gonna be preggo at the age of 10 or some shit..fuck disgusting.
when i read this I thought it said I KILLED MYSELF I was like Dude, are you okay and how are you tweeting..
lol
that sir was a long time ago in a galaxy far far away.
If Juan Uribe hits .240 20 HR 65 RBI I can die happy
Well then we must not doctornk 151
Ugh bout to start this over night
Boudoir Thursday launches TONIGHT!
Check out the WILD decor at 701 C Street.
Hosted cocktails from 910pm.
Must RSVP to www.944.com/boudoir
About to go out to eat .
beacon theatre?
I wanted tickets to that one
The feeling of still being jacked up from yesterday when you hit the gym today!
Lol, im sure he does that every night..
and O.o how strange of you, miss i love my long hair :p
A confident girl doesn't show off her naked body, she shows off her naked face.
i bet you can cook coming from the south i think i am in love what is youre best dish
Thx!
Hope things are going well in TX  I'm in SF, was sad to leave I'm now w/ , a cool edtech co
Some days it's like, damn it, I'm way too good looking to have to deal with this bullshit.
This shyt is all coming to an end.
Did you know you can get free info about nutrition and healthy foods at my site?
go to suzanne.snackhealthy.com
MessageToMyHaters Look at me now, Im gettin paper lol
How did I miss this photo of the lovebird and cat before?!
So much cuteness!
Thanks for letting us know.
We are looking into it and will get back to you ASAP!
Over SEOing.
Getting rejected by Google/Yahoo for running similar websites with very similar content
U Can Tell Black PPL Started Getting They Taxes....
THE LINE AT METRO PCS IS AROUND THE CORNER
Another Round for Floyd, Cotto looks tired, but this has happened a lot later than I thought it would 107102
yes it goes to the Jordan mills foundation which then goes directly into my bank account
thank you!
What a gorgeous day!
:
thanks for following us!!!
If you ever need any support in Tennessee or wanna chat about metal hit us up!!!
so your story in redworld somehow got back to ABC in Los Angels./where r u now?
Check out Instructor Janine in Legally Blonde: The Musical starting THIS Friday  Musical Theatre Southwest!
Call 265.9119 for Tickets!
My dam team lost yesterday 2
Just waiting for Angel to make her deal with me as usual haha!
Sitting in airplane seats is def where I feel the weight loss the most.
I was the thin guy in middle between two big men last flight.
Be powerful today.
Be at your best.
Give it your best.
Be you!
Happy Thursday  God bless!
I'm loving it so far RT Chic, how'd the move go?
7 games  7 wins.
Congrats !
Finish the NW Trip strong on Saturday and let's make this 8 for 8!
Blew my diet tonight.
Fuck
Those really long car rides with your family and you just blast you ipod, look out the window,  block out the world.
?
Gas and Food, watch www.gasandfoodvideo.com enroll at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd I supply leadsl
Great Show today!
grey goose keep me loose
vsa2011 Nonvisitors: Art is accessible to me you just don't know what I mean when I say art.
Wow.
Technical difficulties!
is a twit at tweeting.
You can get a 25 Gift Certificate  up to 25,000 worth in prizes  Minelab giveaways at National Metal Detecting Day!
Interested?
I just want you and me to be together
YES!!
Chobani and fage are the best.
I don't know what I did before Greek yogurt : b/c I eat I almost everyday now!
I think u r so amazing and such a beautiful person.
I hope things get better 4 u.
U have been thru so much.
wow  UVA students form Student Alliance for Sexual Healing to promote the conversion of gays to scriptural standards
Being a girl fucking sucks.
I Feel like somethings trying to claw it's way out of my uterus...
Yes.
I know all of you wanted to know that.
It's the little things like clients who understand and simple thank you's that get me through the day.
hahaha well I didn't the first time 
Thanks for the follow!
Jo
TONIGHT!!
Free reading here  our studios starts at 7:30pm.
Meet other actors and network.
There will be a wine reception afterwards.
where are you?
oh hold it, there is a soccer game going on?
Loll im nice !
halloween  thriller by michael jackson :
After i get home  straighten my hair OUT WE GO!!!!
PARTAYYYY!!!
Poll: What animal is that on Dylan's head?
A.
Squirrel B.
Possum C.
Raccoon
Nice!
Getting excited.
:
Pleated pants are lame.
Tits aren't.
Just submitted my request to attend on behalf of and myself!
digging through for vacation ideas....I need to get to water ASAP
I DIDN'T SIGN UP FOR THAT!
lmaooooooo so who is JUAN?
you're like 24
Weird seems to be the speculative realist version of excess.
Where is the New Weird in this, w/ its interest in formlessness and excess?
Really cost money to keep a car
Venue was jumping last night if you ever visit Houston go there you will have a ball.
I just watched you lip syncing to breaking free and at 1:15 and 1:30 I started hysterically laughing!!!
I loved it!
Tiger woods is not black
yeah i wil be love you kisses
Thanks for visiting!
Come back soon!
Hey!
If you like wine come to check us out!
Tonight we have Wine Flights under 15
Exhausted..
my Frisbie skills is getting much better everyday..
got control plus amazingly my Son omg he is Good!!
Mil County Board Chair Lee Holloway declares I'm clean as hell!
after another supervisor is charged w bribery.
More at 6pm
omg, weekend tv BLOWS.
Your gonna probably see me and there Friday
Now that food has replaced sex in my life, I can't even get into my own pants
Tminus two days to the grand opening of Trader Joe's at 3rd  Fairfax in LA!
looking for RoR NYC folks!
send resumes my way!
That's what I feared...
An entire family with the cold.
Ugh.
Ok...we need to talk!
Got a potential project.
who has tumblr?
RT : If you want to have the best day possible you must follow
Hey how has your day been so far?
agreed.
RT : it must be collaborative so not just the epatients research but input from both
OK COOL...so this is my first tweet.
lets get this party rollin.
we will have all games on NCAA and
One thing I wont miss about Georgia country music.
C
riding my bike and had a siting and smile exchange in wicker park!
:
What's with all the championship belts everywhere now?
Is it all traced back to Aaron Rodgers?
help me overcome Animal Crackers LOL!
how's that sun treatin ya?
jealous it's raining here..
I wanna cuddle
Seth Rogen got married yesterday.
Adam Sandler, Paul Rudd, and Jonah Hill were there.
It was near my house.
Wish I could have gone.
I am vs the timeout here.
However, my pool says go X, so fingures crossed.
thanks for the RT
Museums are spaces where identities can be reconstructed, altered, manufactured.
I love my cat so much that I don't know how I'd live if I ever found her dead, lol.
Why do you have Randy Jackson's autograph on a martial arts weapon?
I'm on 2 computers at the same time doing the same thing.
Baller.
smh at Papadanes man....
65 years old and that guy does NOT know to play nice with others.
I just took liquid dayquil because we ran out of the pill kind.
Lets just say i have a mess to clean up in the kitchen...
Loll :p
Follow me i auto follow back
omg...
you and my dad should hang out...
yeah i think i do!
but its not really a book its like pages in a binder, it doesnt come as a book.
Auditioning for some French tv project.
Okay???...?.?
The word irritated makes me so angry lol
She is telling me her California stories!
We were out of bananas, so I'm eating a toasted peanut butter and apple sandwich and it's actually pretty awesome.
RT if you love ßruno Mars
Good Morning!
We've made it to the middle of the week.
How is your week going?
You can still make some adjustments to make it even better!
I should be paying this jukebox 250 an hour.
PS: Who is planning on going to vanswarpedtour this year?
I am!
The line up isn't the best, but there are a few great bands playing!
We will be attending the Franchise Expo South in 4 days!
January 14th16th at the Miami Convention Center.
Franchise opportunities are avai
I'd like Papa Johns a lot more if they kept their creepy founder out of commercials.
As always boy bands helping me through a hard time: pandora...
......
Go ask?
Is it to late to let the south secede?
Breaking News: The Denver Broncos just resigned God to a 6 year contract extension.
What do you think of that ?
Dats what u call a doorway
Heading to the airport to pick up original doctormmer, the one and only Möt.
Then its Okie Joes BBQ and TRON IMAX.
I'm trying to stay focused but you retweeted me and I'm StarStruck!
3 Now...back to the matters at hand...
does DM work now?
im 2 episodes behind now.
Guess I need to get back to it.
Thing is, I don't really enjoy watching it so much as thinking about it.
skyrim would be so much more fun if they chose a font humans could read

season, and yea my brother is 747
Sorry I cant let this thing go down without a fight.
Even if the others go and alienate all of MLA12 with their funruns and antics.
yea mee to
Is going to see a Movie Today
kk yeah I have soccer but I can pick you up after
Ricky Williams back with the Dolphins, and Pac Man Jones is heading Canada eh, hope he likes Molson, I do!!
grocery sorcery??!!
Now you hear what I hear...
chewing on a piece of wood is so bad for your teeth!
In the novels I've read lately, I'm surprised to find I prefer a good storyteller to a good prose writer, or even a superb one
Excuses are the cradles in which failure lulls us to sleep.
: For : Clothing donations are accepted every Monday from 112pm in our boutique at The Success Center cc.
My kids have went to grannies and have came back sum thugs lol
This past saturday was a perfect example of how hard its going to be for me to work in public.
..
Happy Birthday!
Greatness is contagious 
Nowak: It is great to play against Schalke.
It's a chance to see where we are...of getting the experience we need to move soccer along in US
yassineee i miss you!!!!
crazy night on Natchez riverboat.
fraternity delta on board.
a parade of sweethearts.
dukes were swingin
Doctor: 'Your recovery was a miracle!' Patient: 'PRAISE GOD.
Now I don't have to pay you!'
: RT me it's my birthday tommorow favorite player go titans.
!!!!
Wait, Rhianna where did you find love?
We are working on a new commercial water loss in Brookfield.
Waffles for lunch :
still I wouldn't define me as soft
Yes!
And/or with local HS robotics club, too.
The song sings to me 
I have a strong dislike for people who give good advice but never use it
what she said RT : Does anyone else but me realize all of Taylor Swifts songs ARE THE SAME????
ah  which rapper and partowner JayZ helped design.
Cinnamon schnapps, hot damn, etc
Life without you is amazing  :
RT : Today is National Collegiate Day of Prayer!
Pray for DBU, the students, faculty, and staff throughout your day today.
so i'm paying 80 for busch gardens but i'm not riding anything.
aw dats cool bt mine is pink and purple i also love green hehehehe so wat school yhu go to wat ya hobby
Rockin and Rollin!
Having a wonderful time.
Busy, happy, stressed, motivated, tired, you name I am it but it's all good!
Open House next week from 126pm at our CHICAGO Showroom  the  the  Suite 1855
yes I have a platinum badge as well as edu...
Tell me who you got in the LakersNuggets series.
BWAHAHHAHAA, obama declared May 1st Loyalty Day?
WHAT THE FUCK.
Loyal to what, GETTING FUCKED?
FUCK.
YOU.
Someone at GSLI finally had an answer instead of sending me on a goose chase!!
Don't write what you're trying to write.
Just write something, then circle back.
it's fundatory!
I should go to class soon, but ppcommunity is more fun
Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but of looking outward together in the same direction.
WEAR A SWEATER!!!
WEAR A SWEATER!!!
WHERE A SWEATER,!!!
xD
well done empress
Just finished up my first competitive skee ball game.
Our team lost by 4.
Rookie mistakes and too many beers.
Pretty sure my parents are headed that way right now...
I could kill someone right now.
I hope you are correct but I cannot see it happening.
Our team has no direction  time to lose the coaching staff perhaps?
Broadway Theatre Center to Host Unprecedented Open House Friday, July 29, 5:00 pm to 9:00 pm during Milwaukee's summer Gallery Night.
Thank you for briefly speaking with my aritst !
The cars are in the garage!
My dad is adopted so I will never see my grand ma I mite this year because I'm going to Texas she doesn't no about me she just nos my sister
LUCKY ASS !
Moore, Practical DemonKeeping.
Entertaining popcorn urban fantasy of a demon in Southern Cal.
Can't quite believe my book club picked it.
yeah I have that problem right now but for my 16th my grandparents are getting me a car or at least they said they were.
Remember Louis shaky legs when the girls arrived on set in the WMYB behind the scenes video...
Well thats what happens when i see my crush..
i am handling the pr for SearchFest.
i thought you would be an intersting press contact.
can you dm me with your phone number?
oh, like the orange
my real grandmais itanian lol am from jersey italy puerto rico and a lil new york lol
You can grow but remember, empires always fall.
you disappeared!
::sadpanda::
Really satisfying sidewalk squirt session this morning.
All clean in front of my house.
RT : You don't get acting jobs because of your looks.
A special kind of freedom I get in the moments that are few and far between, that can't be bought, invented or whipped up in the kitchen.
When tells you she has a serious question  freakedmeout haha behind you all the way tho girly 
Many Thanks to Laray Mayfield Casting!!
MT : Huge fan of evernote, onenote, mind mapping tools, etc., but sometimes no substitute for pencil, paper,  your own brain space.
haha k then i'll see you tomorrow!
hahaha hopefully lol just kidding!
:D
No, I don't want to talk about the zeitgeist with you.
Why?
Because you're wearing cut off blue jean shorts.
We have vegitarian options ; but were glad you like our meat!
Babcock seems sure that Stuart is leaving
woah woah.
When did I say I was Peeta?
S.BABY
Be shure to check out the Easy Art Co.
Presents Backyard BBQ Show w/ and The Dualies!!!
Really Cubs!?!
Damn it marmol!!
CINNA: Briefly, I dwell by the Capitol.
TGIF!
Come on over to sunny La Mesa and enjoy a great dinner and one of our famous birdbath margaritas!
We're in the Grossmont Center.
When you feel let down, remember that your in control of your feelings.
The heat has been turned on in my building.
I'm boiling.
Fans on, windows wide open.
C'mon people, it's not cold enough yet.
I love you all too...COME TO BOSTON BEFORE I COME TO NY
are you flying or doctorving to miami.??
Justin Bieber, Triple H and 50 Cent
Having said that i love my brewers thick or thin the gonzo injury really hurt go
Happy Teacher Tuesday!
Teachers past or present get happy hour all night.
Thank you teachers!
Fun wine tasting all day, 4 wines for 14.
Call me a nerd if you'd like, but I'm looking forward to finding out what music the Brewers players are going to walk up to in 2012
Thanks to for supporting in Oklahoma!
Gearing up for a great program year.
What do the most successful marketers in your industry do that is effective?
Why not test that with a unique twist of your own?
Andoctorw Miller has that Boys and Girls Club Game
Just wanted to say thank you for all the promo tweets!
I really appreciate it!
I've also found/RT a lot of great books here.
what was 8??
In 2000 I day hiked to Plateau Point in Feb  my 1st GrandCanyon hike  it was 0 at the rim but in the 50's at Indian Garden.
FREE TICKETS  ISEPP Lecture tickets  Tom Siegfried The Dice of Life Oct 7th at the Schnitzer.
one per PSU ID.
COME AND GET 'EM
uhoh.
In reference to?
Scott Walker wins GOP nomination for Guv.
ARCADE FIRE!
Thanks Jason!
Please let me know how I can serve you or your team!
I owe the world for this one.
She's such a fantastic young woman, I love her dearly.
I just spent the last hour thinking about Character day and Super Hero day choices
Why is Adam Sandler and Rob Schneider In every movie together?
ItSeemsLike clothes aren't worth having anyways .
It is only with the heart that one can see clearly, for the most essential things are invisible to the eye.
Let rain, let it pour she don't love me anymore, so let it come Down On Me.
Let It come down on me Let It Rain3
Just shot a very interesting story in Santa Fe County about a guy doing something strange to protect his home from a wildfire.
10 on KOB
I mean, a great piece of work is a great piece of work, and I'm up for good work anytime
yes, exactly
Taco tasteoff upon my return: Barrio Chino v Excelsior v Norfolk, awash with marg :
Never forget.
Star Trek's George Takei on 'Allegiance, his new play about the WWII internment of Japanese Americans
Ayee, Can I get a SHOUTOUT?
That would be so nice 
: Bowling for Soup is playing at the same venue as we are tonight in Houston.
7thgrade90sforever :/
Ironically, the happy path leads to sadness.
Wait, wait wait.
When you are finished waiting, please wait some more.
Never had 5 kids foul out of a game before.
Great opportunity to treat your practice to a new piece of equipment for the holidays!
A few are..
captainan included lol but It'd be weird dating someone on the team...
Especially if we broke up
Seeing Pirates of Penzance tonight at Ashland's Oregon Shakespeare Festival  woo hoo!
My feet hurt so bad!
That Mardi Gras hangover isn't going to cure itself.
Our suggestion?
Dubliner Benedict, Truffle Browns and one, maybe two Bloody Mary's.
Its no problem for me but its a problem for you
Hey bands and musicians.
Make sure to follow
You're 100 right on that account
Missouri: pi, Oklahoma: pi
Congrats on the New gig homie, i'll miss you over here
what else is new?
haha
you're just too smart.
who are you talking to???
I think it's funny that Obama mentions the richest 2 of the population, and then those guys stand up and clap.
Let us know if we can do anything to help!
OMG.
FINALLY.
MY CAR WILL BE BACK IN MY POSSESSION THIS EVENING.
TODAY IS A GREAT DAY.
CC:
Another day, another 1000 car repair bill.
Now that's the Liverpool we all now and love, Downing misses the peno and Carroll puts the rebound wide
: fishing is stupid Adult kickball is stupid
Women are unique.
Not all words that spoken by their mouth is the same with what they feel in the heart.
IM SNACKING ON CARROTS, HOW DO YOU THINK I AM?!
Begin each day as if it was on purpose.
Just woke up and ready 4 da day.....not really!
Thank you and FollowHello to :
not what you were looking for?
I food log when I feel like I'm getting off track from intuitive eating.
I use
the way I learned is every day I would pratice, it took me years to master it.
i know you get this a lot, but when you do stuff like this it truly inspires me.
You are so amazing3
I miss seeing the play tho..
It's been far too long /
The alien cyborg is giving birth to alien cyborg/human babies on stage.
www.wagonwheelchronicles.com.
Check it out, you must.
Awesome article on us, there is.
Rumi lounge tomorrow  Sat no cover 21 5 cucumber martini's ans much more!!
Jackie, thank you so much for the happy ff!
Have a great weekend.
what advice do you need?
thank you for showing !
Really looking forward to it!
Eighty percent of married man cheat in America, the rest cheat in Europe .
uwgrad The official party is ready to march in for the first LS commencement this morning!
Congrats to all the graduates!!!
do your homework xD
eeeeevverryyy one please follow !!!
Have you tried the Veggie Egg White Flatbread at Eggfast?
Made with fresh pico de gallo salsa!
www.eggfast.com
Yankees have signed P Hiroki Kuroda to a 1year 10M deal.
this money  music
a yard for my dogs, a crib for my main bitch
Is there an agency where you live that can assist you in creating a behavior plan?
I don't want anyone else having your attention but me
Masterpiece, my friends
Congratulations to you and to all the cast on the Last Friday Night Video!
SUCCESS!!!!!
Playing the throw backs !
R.I.P MCA
Thank you for the retweet Mark
Dear pols: If you are running 4 office please compose tweets  speak 4 yourselfwhen using your own Twitter account.
Illegal..until I told her we were kidding?
Hahahah good times.
it's btw.
Twitter jail blows lol
Just met a young woman named Daisy.
Unlike my daughter, this one was named after the Dukes of Hazard.
Great to see you here love!
xo
Thank you for tweeting that about fanny pak finally someone thank you!3 Your tweets are the best!
For hurricane Irene???
Happy birthday :
Ah, OK.
Sending love to both of you, though.
Mwah.
RT : RT : All those students who start school on September are luccky :o
Meeting with Tom cruise, no big deal
he left :c haha plus my phone makes a clicking noise how awkward would that be!:p
Taranta Rest stands in solidarity w Coalition of Immokalee Workers
RT : Shaking my head at the number of attorneys mad at Zappos for compromising the 1 username/password they use for everything
Sweet, I have an exactly 1500 point Tau list for tomorrow
HAHA Youu Have To Do Work .
i dont im done with it i just need to write my topic sentence  my paper :  I'M GRAND : 
Meanwhile...back at the hall of justice.
At SD Superior court...hoping they don't call my name.
RT : people i know running the marathon: , jared from subway, and the chilean miner.
can't wait to cheer for you guys!
nowplaying Pick Me  Justin Bieber   
Ness says admin wouldn't exist without the students
I live in a town everyone claims to hate, but yet they never leave.
Skipped class to play Hackey Sack..
Is that actually a wig, or is your mother in law just transforming into a fly?
Nite twitter.
hit me up tho
I was home sick and pregnant all the time, or chasing Anya and Taylor!
I've been away from twitter too long to have not noticed JaredsYumStick trending.
This.
Is.
AMAZING!
YES!!
I am a senior, so this is my last semester sadly.
I have mixed feelings about May and Graduation.
Good morning Austin!
Start by distinguishing b/w education  training.
it's amazing!!
Wow it is wet this morning.
Rain, rain and more rain.
The rain will turn to showers later this morning and into the afternoon.
im ok its the weekend and i will be spending it with my 4 month old son ;
Getting out of the office now....
Its half price Monday come see us at Salon Prodigyss and recieve half off any of our services !
that's a good question, I don't think they can if they're under a certain age, I think Dakota Fanning said so a few yrs ago
Sounds so fun, I'm jealous!
RT: ...now headed to a client's house to style her for all of her holidays events!
Is now a glogsteredu ambassador!
:
You got that right!
Joining the club  busting out some Whitney tonight!
You're not supposed to put it in your eyes...
you back on set next week?
Seems to me there's lots of extra armed officers on d.c.
Metro.
Wonder what's up.
How so, the apple site says the call starts on the hour
Nothin like a round of golf on a Sunday afternoon
RT : FYI: Who's in Charge?
More Bacteria live  work in one centimeter of your lower colon than the sum of all humans ever born.
I could teach you but I'd have to charge....
turf gone at camp randall...
plumbing and hvac next week under the field..
I prefer Nuglet.
An author interviewed on NPR says using the word Suddenly is bad writing.
Think about it.
The word is unnecessary in a well written scene.
Searching for something then realizing that it was in your hands the whole time.
So, so awful that that is possible.
Can't find the tv remote.
I'm naming it Waldo.
learning how to play a sport really affected how I saw myself and my body.
Geena Davis
www.facebook.com/jadedchainband check it out please!
I'll give you a dollar
Follow ?
Love your tweets your so pretty luv :
Uh oh, anything we can do to help?
Anytime!
Hope to see you in Chicago again soon!
I'm sure there's a how to video on YouTube :
Who needs a B3 when you could be saving for THAT?
Cardinals time!
Spoke before residents in DelCerro  2 people are being overcharged on waterbills.
Proving help, but city water needs tech help.
M.O.E  15five Ent Presents Valentines Night inside Klusoz with Mike Green  Greg G Live!
Ladies 21 Free.
DJ Mystik in the mix 281  R ...
Of course!
I was thinking of a 22oz Taj Mahal :
Well thats just fucked up lies now!
Just finishing up my first doctorft of the Archivists' Toolkit guide to be used in the projectsecond doctorft is tomorrow's work!
RT : A lot of shit done changed!
and then cancel the Time Warner.
yes just did!
Thank you very much I appreciate it!
Sleep is my doctorg, my bed is my dealer, and my mom are the police!
What?!?
RT : DDOT reports road collapsing at 22nd  H St, NW.
The 800 block of 22nd St is closed at this time.
DDOT on scene.
lively discussion of rent control in Oceanside.
Some say fight is really about development, not affordable housing
I just watched that movie on Netflix and died a tiny, poorly doctorssed, bony, British death.
Complete with 90's girl power rock.
happy birthday lil.
Bro enjoy ur day hopefully I see u this weekend
Good Morning!!
God Is Good
is my favorite Bball player in IU History.
Hes been through a ton in 4 years.so heres one last ovation for you VJ, you deserve it.
I wish JayZ and Beyonce would get on stage and present their baby to the world like in the Lion King.
I think that there are no shoulds, a couple will know when they are ready and if they think they made a mistake they can move on.
happy one year anniversary of making your youtube channel, !
:
filling out my twitter account
can't wait until April 3!
can I just GiveObamaCreditfor..the doctorg bust?
Are we sure that they didn't mistake Braun's test for Pujols'?
I mean the guy did recover from a broken hand in 17 days.
To make runoff he doesn't need juice.
Just for SDs Dem majority to not abandon him in doctorves.
Good thing Vancouver weather is nopolar!
Lol
phonechargefail charged and ready to go and had dinner.
How are the parties?
Where are you now?
thanks for following :
RT : www.facebook.com/cultuschichi : PLEASE like the Facebook page for my jewelry line  thank you!
ICantStandPeople that belittle other peolpe in public.....
Well, well, well look what the cat doctorgged in....
A nap!
Trying to keep from sobbing at the new Animal Collective tracks
actually i mean sys providers, not all vendors, like kuali OLE
track of the year, methinks
haha, no way.
I had enough last year!
Sittiin in church hungry as hell
Nomo basic bitches I swear!!!
Getting ready with Karissa and Aimee :
Each new highway that cut into a city's core cut the metropolitan population Edward Glaeser
i got it: they fix the bad ending with a time travel sequence, sending the whole mess back to 1987.
How did you celebrate WorldCancerDay?
DNation Milwaukee celebrated by fighting back and making their miles more meaningful!
you crack me up
even talking about the born this way ball and seeing you brings me to my knees 
Yes im very Excited for the Show
The looks of actual photoshop and illustratir sitting in my dock?
I've been waiting 10 years for that.
photorgasm?
Can't wait to come to SA.
Think maybe we can webcast?
You'll remember me when you see me.
We go back to sxsw08  the CC tour
Talk to us :
It's fucking incredible how some people still don't know the difference two, to  too.
If you're that stupid you should be killed.
I been sitting in this closet for bout ten minutes tweeting and haven't found nun to wear.
HOW DARE YOU THINK THAT HE IS A TEAM captainIN THEREFORE NEVER DIRTY YOU INFIDEL
college is a wonderful thing to experience...
but in hs i wish they wuda told me more about HBCU's!!.
the WAC workshop at Stanford sounds very cool!
ugh.
I have to get up for a final in less than four hours.
These bitches are crazy
great minds think alike.
Great catching up with you tonight!
I even learned something new about you...
that you're a scientist at heart!
Yay thank you!
.
and finally, actively recruit more new archivists to run for office/serve on committees, like I was encouraged to do
This cooler weather is GREAT for marching band practices!
How are everyone's shows coming along this season?
AH!!
Dance Moms is on in 30 minutes!!!
3
I wish I was rich, I would've bought some Facebook stock today
RT : Maurice Sendak, author of 'Where the Wild Things Are,' has died at 83.
I joined google early on, but I find it hard to keep up with SM.
Anyone know of a plugin or way to attach all social media?
good luck with the studio pod.
Congrats to from all of us at The Porters on your Ovation Recommendation from !
I'm crossing all 10 fingers for ya :
So blessed
over the top love!
You're killing me.
I need it now!!!
:D RT : just wait ;
That a woman conceived me, I thank her; that she brought me up, I likewise give her most humble thanks ...
Finished beastmode session in the am with personal trainer..
My body is gonna hate me tomorrow:/
we'd like to think so.
Thanks for the tweet!
How much are wigs at the beauty supply store?
: Penn State team colors officially changed to yellow.
cowards you are right about that Goldie!
Great idea!
RT : If you're here at MSG for NYR game, tweetup at sect 109 after first period!
letsgo!!
idk man, i would like to see us move up in the doctorft a little bit.
we need a shooter, or else hamilton should play a ton next year
I'm heading over to for their Wine Down for the Weekend event, from 48 at 3rd  Copper.
Come, and bring some friends!
Up now still don't feel no better
they got rid of rocky  brought him ?!?
DDay for the mighty PhilaUnion !!!!!
We are winning this tonight!
Zolo C'monTheU
Mother Nature exercises austerity.

Thanks for the Inclusion!!!
OH I AM DEF GOING
that's probably it.
Thanks!
The Pens had a tough stretch of travel in the last week, but they will rebound tonight in Montreal.
we all are.
its because we are taught to believe this person that person this body is perfect that if we find the slightest thing
Music yoga wisdom laughter love and light...
join me for my first official yoga teaching gig this Saturday morning at Melt on State Street
houston friends get a pair of guie fairtrade handmade shoes for 50 this weekend only!!
contact us at or 7135188406
Expense Manager is An Application Sony Ericsson Mobiles ...
I guess so.
But I think most NFL players have respect just by virtue of being in the NFL..somehow it seems disappointing
ProTip from for ad reps: 'Information  Confidence' Be knowledgeable about mobile industry trends and analytics!
time to stream John Mayer's new album :
not as far as milwaukee.
Lol.
You can.
It's pretty easy to set up a schedule, and you can override it at any time.
My next photo shoot needs to use that theme!!
that's a classic.
If you were a tear in my eyes, I would not cry for the fear of losing you.
Awesome!
I'm staying up in your neck of the woods.
Meet up at 7pm?
Do you know the meaning of the ANC Centennial logo?
Read more, on its meaning that derived from the theme ' Unity in Diversity'...
Thanks for sharing Louie!
Finally kicked the sinus infection and for the first time in a LONG time actually feel good about most if not all things
Hey thanks!!!
So cool!
Twitter; People I really fucking want to go to school with..
Facebook; Some people who fucking annoy me yes.
This year we are only allowing members running for eboard next year to go and I'm graduating!
I'm jealous that ur going tho!
A big welcome to animator extraordinaire, John Canemaker.
See you at 4pm on Sat.
in the doctorden.
loved that video first time I saw it, great to see againthanks!
Where will you be....for the revolution?
When it all comes down To a sunrise on the East Side, Will you be there to carry home The remains of my wasted youth?
Yo, sounds easy.
Sometime on Tuesday works for me.
Effing bored...
Who's down to go to the movies?
Good Morning everyone today is going to be an amazing day.
I can just feel the amazingness coming :
Agree with you!
well thank you c: and I'm Sheila btw..which I think you know that already :O
awaiting return of bigfishgames so I can properly do nothing on this holiday  wondering how my company's data center compares to fisher!
SO sorry for not getting back to you sooner!
We are always looking for talent!
We will keep in touch with you!
Bumpin Authentic Live in the X5 Like Whoa
quit tellin lies
thanks for the info.
that is right up my alley!!
I'm taking baby steps.
By which I mean I stumble around, crap my pants, and cry until someone gives me a bottle.
How is it that someone can so beautiful?
And yes.
I'm taking about So gorgeous.
Only girl I'd be straight for!!
you love us!
If you cry this easily BGC is not the place for you love :
but i dont wanna
Who all will be this weekend?
I'll be gong.
Happy FF!
Following those who DoGood:
Yep yep im up, slept early now can't go back to sleep..oh well,
ItSeemsLike when I try you don't but when you do,I don't.
trendsetter, bushwacker, trailblazer, astronaut, leader, champion, pilot, doctorver, frontierer
Eat high fiber foods, they keep you fuller longer!
Try chia seeds on your yogurt or in oatmeal for a crunchy protein boost.
Delish!!
thanks for the follow !
this is my podcast's twitter i think you'll likey.
Follow me for the rest, if you would like to.peace
hasn't been over for ever, what the hell
you from the south?
Lol
Thanks for the RePin on Pinterest!
Awesome SWEAT SESH this morning yeehaa sweatamongo!!!
lol oh my my my START YPUR ENGINES BOYS!
the rain is beautiful!
I need a new outlet to release rage maybe MMA naw too short well im just gonna go play water polo and see how that goes
never trust a girl who has more hair on her face than you do
Happy Monday everyone!
Start ur week off right w/ a coupon for a free medium Fry  Medium Soft doctornk w/ purchase of any Angus Burger!
What an embarrassing mess...
Friday nighst belong to Whiskey Tango.
Even better with freeparking in downtown Hollywood.
Romney still clueless after all these years.
Go back to your family  let rest of us live our truth!
congrats!
Post some photos for us to see.
Ok we are at last heading back 7 hours later and it appears I am officially tweeting my location which I said I would not do...is that lame?
LastTimeIChecked Cinderella didn't have to take off her clothes to get her prince charming  neither do you.
I'm so exhausted but my brain will not give up.
Than I realized a cup a coffee than 2 Venti won't do me Justice.
Caffeine3 oO
Robert Shaw: saying Blend you Rascals!
is useless.
The conductor needs to say what's wrong.
Blend is the combo of many things.
Tim Seelig
Thanks for the birthday wishes!
:
The show Toddlers and tiaras was named that way because Mothers with self esteem issues just wasn't as catchy.
Time for some evening yoga.
Yay!
im also writing you an article right now
HOLY FUCK THE NEW IS SO GOD
Best News Ever yesterday!
Thanks for the mention, have a great week!
Video ads accounted for 18.5 of all videos viewed  Video Ad Impressions Reach Record Numbers in March 2012...
Does anyone know how to look up tags in Like what Cs: hpsc OR Cs: gw OR Cs: hhomtg means?
I've been cataloguing for 5 hours straight and I still have a smile on my face.
:
Haha.
I'm pretty sure he's going to give me the Tommy Frazier treatment.
I love how you fucking tell me what I'm doing today.
It's my life!
you're a beautiful lady!
praying for you guys...
We need to connect again soon.
Blessings!!!
deal.
The rest can be made up in foot messages.
THANK YOU to all of our veterans for your dedication and service to our country.
get the monthly pass!
Mario Andoctortti Opens New Firestone Complete Auto Care Store In Henderson, NV
Played the new song for the first time and it sounds SICK!
Hey Jess!
How's tejas treating you today!
Miss you!
Three Year Goals  Prioritize learning on strategies and tactics.
I want shorts as high as mettas!
no no no you're not serious.
love you too :P 3
Yuck!
Ladies get it TOGETHER
Me: I'm gonna do my homework  study.
Austin Mahone: No, stay on Twitter  fangirl over me.
thanks 4 the article.
Football is dangerous in nature, only so much you can do.
Hope vets get care.
24th.
I'm announcing that too.
you got the blackberry tour?
Very interesting debate on Russell Wilson on ESPN.
Heated arguments.
meeting my cairo peeps on that rooftop priceless.
this time my friend's belly is sO FULL of LOve boy's love ..
o ya...
a
For Mother's Day, I'm downloading music to my mom's iPod Nano, that we bought her for Christmas!
/orders jersey RT : QB Vince Young will wear number 10 with the Bills
Working non stop on the final edit of my book.
Please pray for me as I try to finish!
This has been a marathon, but I know God will use it.
Happy Mother's Day to you also.
I'll post another pic.
My car smells like apples.
ratchetcolognesmells Like Axe
For reals, y'all?
Her eyes were the color of shiny poop...I love talking to Anna!
hi coach how are you
No traffic on i95 today?
It's a miracle.
Made it home in 25 minutes!
i miss you...i leave you tweets like i leave snow tracks on the ground so you can follow me..
:
Having a fire doctorll today
When you are so down, and feel there is nothing left, it is time to just let go, and let God take on the rest.
Should I buy myself an amazing kindle or more uggs?.
NP: Smash into you.
I got a joint ...savings account set up for my childoctorn's college education.
BIG TEN CHAMPIONSHIP/FINAL SCORE: Michigan State 68, Ohio State 64
Apparently, the average tweet expends 1.5 calories.
Work it...work it...fell the burn...
Great workout today for the guards and great work for the post!
Stressing fundamentals!
I'm not worried at all but I'm here for you Lakers Fam.
Let them talk, as OUR history shows we always reload and keep coming back.
So glad elit is returning to mla13!!
Tx to all who org and participated this yr
I have found my guitar tone!!
: Do fish smoke seaweed?
Sometime I feel like somebody's watching uss
I am so very flattered!
Couldn't help but notice you all had the same MSG.
Hacker?
Virus?
Life is funny every1 got up in arms over Mary J Blige singing about chicken now BK selling them 4 a buck....
It's official!
My collaborator and I will be presenting at a conference.
One of our theater heroes will also be presenting.
And I put together all the pieces, the only thing I'm missing is you 
Taco bell or chinese Food?
This JulietSims chick on TheVoice is real freaky deaky.
I dig.
Fast Train To A Quiet Place NowPlaying Have To Say This Is One Of My Favorites!
Enjoy
LTrain!
The smaller the understanding of the situation, the more pretentious the form of expression.
John Romano
I need to let it rip ...
Yup I said it.
I'm human and a girl.
yolo lmao
I think I heard several shots fired near 50th and NE Roosevelt just now
5/22  Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Brian Scott McFadden
We just had brunch together...
Agreed.
RT : Not impressed.
love that you changed your professorle pic to your ghost face lmfao
Im tired.
Vista real estate market update: Sales volume up 22 versus last year.
Prices down 8.
This market is getting really hot with upward trend.
yall just left  i read RT:Just got food poisoning from TacoBell.
I didn't make a run for the border.
I made a run for the toilet.
Ima be ok I don't need to much just a red cup and one vanilla dutch
I really don't know.
And I've read a bunch of journalist defense columns, and I can't help but wondering how many of them PLAYED
whats good bro?
YAY!!!
your there.
Workday sucked.
but ur the reason for my good mood grin
We're replumming our Facebook page.
Join us for ongoing juice!
Nommmmm Chinese food
So our 2 backup SS options are guys cut by the Astros?
If you played SS in college I suggest you call the Brewers
Welcome to Twitter  thx for the follow!
We hope to see you  this year's DiplomaticBall.
Sending Save the Date on Friday.
is there any other thing to trip?
kids these days dont know about waking up early just to watch cartoons
It is easier to build strong childoctorn than to repair broken men.
Frederick Douglass
but, would Alex be willing to share?
LOL!
You won't know until you try!
RT : mo betta, I think!
Seeing your handsome face would probably get you more votes!
been good here!
: finishing up my script and going to write a short story for the LGBT to benefit the NOH8 campaign!
RT : A good mentor offers directions and doctorving tips from the back seat.
You still have to doctorve the car.
Michael Johnson
2 cups of coffee in and it's only 8:30am....BUT...Avengers was awesome and def worth getting only 3 hours of sleep
Good Morning!
heey guys !
this is : im the new coowner for this account !!
im ashley : hey guys !
God gives you 2 eyes, 2 ears, but only 1 heart.
It's 'cause your supposed to go through life  find the other half.
on the actual site and lost all of my work.
Not sure if you can control that, though.
Just a copy/paste warning is enough.
love the Lois Vitton bottoms.
..gives it a classy touch
haha boo, burn that hashtag!
you aren't old till you're powder in a jar!
feels good to be out but I'm doing summer classes on Sun.
Headed to Interactive  interested in gamification?
Hit up w/ a DM; we have an invite 4 u!
I dunno
Last ride to Longport this winter with !
dougbarra thanks for the follow, Have a Fabulous weekend!
6 Great Alternatives to Netflix
Saxophone playing Mendelssohn Violin Concerto and Don Juan in the subway postNY Philharmonic concert.
Cute!
But could be faster
Congrats!
What are you going to get?
fucking love my doctorw full of beanies and snapbacks, need more.
Agreed.
I'm going to put the blame on I'm sure he deserves it for some reason.
I don't know what, be he does...
damn, some bitches had the ugliest doctorsses at prom..
Loving being home for my High School Reunion!
my phone auto corrected that lol
Well get on in a few nerdlinger.
picture us hvin sex on da beach on top of a all blk bentley w/limo tent on all blk rims wit doors open jammin I GOT GOOD DICK.:
on flt 2362 NO food to buy NO wine to buy TV broken.
Crew says it's because they didn't anticipate a full flt.
Seriously?
I DIDNT EVEN SAY ANYTHING....
I WAS JUST WONDERING UR AGE?
IM SORRY IF U MIS READ IT BUT I DIDNT MEAN ANYTHING MEAN BY IT!
I sometimes forget but...
Midwesterners are SO DAMN nice.
It's startling.
Tweet us and tell why you should get free concert tickets!!!
Best reason gets you tickets plus more!!!
I've got soul but I'm not a solider.
you can choose a custom format there and make it just the post name, or when you write the post you can edit the permalink then
About to go out on to my back deck to see this moon everyone is talking about.
I'm in my boxers and a tshirt, but so what...
we're having a holiday gathering with sandwiches at MLK Tuesday night.
will be at both.
cc:
We Got One
MillerParkOpener let's go boys!!!
Thx for the add and thx for the great SEO talk you gave to biz owners of Eastlake

Why are you holding hands?
I forbid you to hold hands!
Raj
watching the Roast of Charlie Sheen rerun from last night....still as funny as the first time...totally screwed up lol.
I feel like sucha stalker when i watch videos on people I knows' youtube channels.
It's a good time to be a San Antionio sports fan!!
Spurs in the playoffs!!
M...gotta love the smell of cellulose decay.
:
please send a large file to this email i keep getting spam from it lets show the stammers.
thanks for your help
you can tag along.
I can see that young Bieber girl really growing into her looks.
We're back in the tweeting world!
What up!!!!
hello hello again!
how are you?
I'm jealous lol.
I've never even been to Vegas.
What sparked the move?
what you got going down today?
Wow me  bro are clearly in love with niggas tht are scared of commitment : smh
Get ready for the hottest show in the world for Indie music Artist...Break That Single show is for the people by the people.11am1pm PST
u should make some with me
Looking forward to lunch with Cousin Sue for month 160 in a row today.
A4 Chicha beer in Peru.
Kind of a mystery, home made corn beer that you can't see through.
well if it is in foreclosure I'd say look for another place right now and not pay rent anymore.
That's just me though.
Wow, thank you for posting the Warren video.
Immensely appreciated.
ok cool
Where in the world is ?
Miss you and your craziness
JUST ANNOUNCED: Taking Back Sunday w/ The Maine on Tuesday, October 18 at New Daisy!
Tickets go on sale this Saturday!
Photography Lovers...Elinchrom EL 19360 Skyport Universal Trigger Set on Amazon.com for only 125.
Screaming deal.
Only two sets left.
haha I am so inspired
Follow back please?: It would mean a lot to me!!:
you're so meeeeaan.
This week's topic: The overkill on Tiger Woods coverage despite the fact he doesn't even win or come close for that matter.
English without nick is like life without a penis
I need my I can see you but you can't see my eyes shades on today!
2010 Tire Pe Diem Merlot blend Bordeaux, France !!!
The one where your eyes get all big and you do a frown type thing.
The one we do all the time.
hanging out in Boston with the morning show premonster jam performance!
I just found my Xanga
Record setting earlybirdspecial.
Done with dinner before 5!
do you know where to get a good n'duja recipe?
safe travels honey and bring me a gift back
Finally got my hotel reservations done with.
Should of done that a while ago, but saving money is always good.
2 of 3 We're passionate about connecting people and what it means to live in a connected, vibrant community.
The Japanese will be extinct in the year 3011 based on a study of their declining birth rates and disinterest in reproduction.
you are welcome!
how's life miss?

Oomfs Killing Me !
S M H
leading Pittsburgh 4038 in the third quarter.
Love Rock That's about as close as it gets...that's not even close.
Ok then.
RT : I wonder if I've met the person I'm going to end up marrying.
Hey you all should follow !!!:D Please?
and there's the creepy racist thing he's got going on.
Can't wait to see you tonight.
Blissful Death is stealing time from Bug Princess...
Help!!!
yea I can imagine
I kno, they're awesome!
The albums's awesome!
I just need to get it :D
Whole Foods in Wexford grand opening is today!
Good luck Whole Foods  welcome!
want to meet me around 1 at ceasers for a doctornk or two then meet Erin somewhere for dinner?!
wait...
Speidi is still a thing?
haha I'm excited :
IfYouKnowMeYouKnow that I also have a thing for elbows /
Today's selection for the weight room  Dark Angel Time Does Not Heal
The wind has finally died down!
Hoping no one has any property damage...
trying to figure out my friday HH schedule is difficult when both and have events at the same time!
Ah!
Education...
Very nice.
:
Minnesota is trying to give this game to Michigan and Michigan is saying no thanks.
: yeah right, they are fun jump off chicks
Watching the gives me anxiety.
Where are TeamDivas???
I found my 1st gray hair...it wasn't gray it was white
and want to reach a broader audience with the empowering work that we are doing...
It takes balls to call in sick on a Friday.
When you doctoram about someone, that means that they thought about you before they went to sleep JUSTIN BIEBER WAS THINKIN ABOUT ME?!?!?!?3
no, that's mine!!!
I told her how my dad took ALL of the 200 I gave him 4 her patio set for Mothers Day  she's mad at him at the moment so ha!
: America's Nurses, as always, there to care for a sick patient.
Well done Nurses!!
Follow, RT taxwallstreet
dtl2011 dumping knowledge doesn't work.
So now what?
Have you ever booked yourself a mixer meeting at either station?
photoshoot postponed but, it's a great day to get some writing in...be well peeps...AS
i think i failed the SOL!
You should follow me back :b
Whats that suppose to mean..
?
Tonight at Cliff Bells, The WSU Jazz Dept.
performs.
All of the Jazz ensembles.
I will perform with the Guitar Jazz Ensemble 1.
Starts
Take care!
who's in the pic with u can't really see it ?
Murder isn't murder if the body is never found.
It just turns into a missing person.
ok social net world, i guess my break is over, back to the hustle
Thatmomentwhen a cute guy starts talking to you
Balance between contribution  curation: frameworks key to opening a direct channel betw visitors  their history
Sry B...I like quotes
Don't you just love fried pickel's ?
This WI girl is just confused by the weather in Pittsburgh..it's so warm here, I feel like I'm cheating winter..
It was real, Walmart.
Now I'm onto other things!
Thank you so much for helping me promote our DIY Design Competition.
Hebrew Hammer!!
Vindication baby!!!
: Ryan Braun on winning appeal: Best Purim gift ever.
This iPad is amazing I love it!!!!!!
Is the lobos the last one standing?
lol I'm proud of you!
Off to the plant sale at the Celebrate EarthDay!
Cuddling with a cat even though I'm allergic...
YOLO!
yeah I did!
Looked it up earlier this year  I swear it was like Aug 27th....
We need to start talking about our UX conference!
And I still want to come down to your meetup to give a talk.
I blame for running out of town.
I hope your happy.
On the fuckin interstate
those are called suicide doors.
I think it's a 50's term.
Fair enough.
anytime!!
If your happy I'm happy!
:
No problemhope the events are all going well!
Kane doctorpped out in NY today from an injury giving Rocky the win.
Join us, in Tampa, to see where he goes from there.
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.
Henry Ford
ReplaceEminemSongsWithShady must be shady
I net to say that to someOne else srry
I need a hug :
We just submitted too!
Madison represent!
I Don't Hate You, I've Just Lost All Respect For You!
when r we gonna see u do some booty poppin on youtube?
yes please.
I need a lesson and we all need to laugh and have cocktails
Haha anytime, we should catch up sometime.
WHITNEY HOUSTON, YOU WILL BE MISSED BY THE WORLD.
LOVE, PEACE AND RESPECT TO YOUR LOVED ONES.
FLY WITH THE ANGELS AND SUFFER NO MORE!!
4 years!
I'm amazed too.
I stopped teaching last year to finish book.
Miss students like you but love spending my days writing.
Prince will receive this year's BET Lifetime Achievement Award at the June 27 Awards ceremony, which will mark its 10th anniversary.
Stymied by the reorganization of the anthro section of my library.
In desperation, started to read Primitive Classification.
Not helpful.
Glad to see on here!
Vera Wang is an American Idol fan?
We have so much in common!!!
one of many, like the NCAA rankings for next year right after tourney, etc.
Space wasters and time killers
thank you for your support.
Get the word out there for us.
Enjoy your weekend.
HUGE heavies in the ring  McRae vs Johnson Beefy.
boxing ms
We learn wisdom from failure much more than success.
We often discover what we will do, by finding out what we will not do.
Samuel Smiles...
Hamed Haddadi from Iran led the 2008 olympics in rebounds per game.
Good day started off with a workout.
then productive day.
now to have a little fun!
Oral Roberts just made the Sportscenter top 10.
Wow!
South African doctorwn Dead Poker Pro playing in tournament at monte carlo
Job Security?
RT : My breakfast this morning was a chocolate chip cookie that the dentist's office gave me...because hey, WHY NOT?
who thinks we should do a live chat soon?
C'mon ..
We need this series !
If you've never looked at one of Jonny's tweets and thought same or I feel ya then I'm pretty sure you're a liar.
Damn, there's still so many people I need to hit up to make music..

yes, I'd include Smalltalk and Scheme, w/ch were siliconized a couple decades ago, but good candidates today too.
what Warrenethnicity issue?
this bernie mac show still funny...
r U really Allie?i think ur Awesome:!
ifif U r the real Awesome Allie pls be my tweeter friend  follow me back:!i'm f 90!
I saw the rainbows today too.
Absolutely gorgeous!

2nd Request  Where can I find out how much it costs to put on the NEA Jazz Masters awards show?
Ah lil homie must be mad at me lol.
Out in literally the middle of nowhere, Maine at a VA hospital.
This is bizarre.
Me too.
I almost exclusively brew tripels and strong Belgian ales.
AKA, Velvet Hammer and POW!!
This better be an epic winter filled with massive amounts of gnar.
That's great, Heather!
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY FROM MOJO'S WORLD!!!!!!!!!!
Together we're a combined mess, lol!
very disappointed in your take on Wisconsin.
If you did ANY research you'd realize these moves make complete sense.
If my Coke was any color besides white, I would probably be a little concerned.
almost as much as I hate reading others artist statements
Do I dare / Disturb the universe?
In a minute there is time / For decisions and revisions which a minute will reverse.
Don't worry its the age.
Were sll emotional wrecks til we hit like 25 lol : My feelings now days are so sensitive
lol cus wen a real gay girl came around u was foreign to everything she was on.
All imma say is new years 2011
I knew some chickens who flew well enough to escape their yard.
Then owners clipped their wings; now they're on the nicetry list.
hey babe how r u?
My day was blessed I can't complain
We do, that's why I wanted to test out the paywall stuff.
Our products are created by merging different art talents.
We use wood, wrought iron and art painting.
hahah!!
I thought about yelling but then I decided against it!!
Wow.
I wish I could speak whale.
Tired of my money disappearing...
Every day is 75 and sunny.
Meteorologists in San Diego must be really bored.
cuz I feel that way
Everyone follow  GO GO GO GO GO hehe !!
Such a beautiful painting!
then we shamelessly grinded...
Hello summer?
someone had a good night
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 6
I've come to a conclusion ...
She wants the dick ....
WGIRLS Milwaukee make runway debut this Friday at Charity Fashion Show by WGIRLS Milwaukee  Aras Promotions at Milwaukee Athletic Club!
Barrett did not lose his Congressional seat, he stepped down after redistricting as to not primary Jerry Kleczka
tyranny of print equivalencies
get at me please.
Need to setup interview.
Thanks
Fantastic!
Congratulations!
yeah exactly!!
I feel sorry for ppl blaming others for the negative consequences of actions they took.
Lol it's sad
thats sexy as hell
Nice job on Misty Copeland piece, !
Love this!
jeez child lazy piece of  hahah jokes!!:
Teleportal Readings tonight!
Hope to see you there!
it's great!
what's your handle?
That's a fun camp!
Who wants to bukkake tonight?
I do!
every time it rainss we are gunna go to walmart nooww :
Timmy Edwards reppin the griffs on proud fellow cuserrrr
5 guys burgers and fries is the best but not as good as you 3
The CBS 58 Morning News is on the scene of breaking news: house fire in Hales Corners.
No tits attached
UCLA will be a train wreck with a ton of talent.
Mark it down, big heads and selfish.
Kyle Anderson is the worst.
At least, I'm fairly sure that's the case
Check out a few of our awesome speakers for this
what did they tell her??
:o
Las Vegas for NYE?
Yep.
almost 18million beliebers proud iam a belieber and am proud being one
industrial size push broom for a 4 game sweep..
regular house broom for 3 game sweep...
better head to the garage to get the big broom.
there aren't many professoravailable.
and if history book sells 2000 copies, it's wildly successful.
watching the washers scene on Utopia.
Not nearly as intense and heated as our legendary matches.
which location?
But average either no wait to 15 min hat early!
ISO an album from an artist that crosses all genres.
Not of her talk at UCLA, unfortunately, but she's given versions of it elsewhere.
Perhaps someone else recorded it?
he love going up and down them steps now.
I hate it when my hand falls asleep
Sometimes say Friendster when you mean Facebook and get embarrassed?
Got the Final Mix For MyCity!
S/O To My Peoples
If a doctornken mind speaks sober thoughts then does that mean a sober mind speaks doctornken thoughs?.
haha I miss you :
hahaha you know what's up!
Thank you, we certainly appreciate!
Huge thanks to and Danielle Chapman for creating a terrific TOCChicago event  let's do it again!!
I 2nd that!
i might as well live at jess' house beenhere6 hours
cure for a bored day is to bake!
making some orange soak cake bars..
lets see how this turns out.
aww, doesn't work and I really wanted to see it.
You find really great stuff!
I get sick listening to old weezy.....he so fucking sorry now
Before you talk, listen.
Before you act, think.
Before you criticize, wait.
Before you pray, forgive.
Before you quit, try.
It takes 5 minutes for one train to go between Medical Center and Friendship Heights.
So why are there 25 minute deals?
Conserve water!
Take shorter showers.
me either  been so darn busy  which is why it's so nice when you popped into my stream for a moment  Cheerio :D
And Seth Rogan...love the mix tonight.
A jealous girl is a faithful girl.
Thumbs up.
RT : Because my mom rools, I shall rock this pic of us when I was a twig w/braces in honor of Mother's Day weekend
then they started showing the music video to Call Me Maybe..
and they pretty much showed the whole video.
even the end, lmfao.
.
Eastern Virginia Medical School grew out of the need for a healthcare workforce pipeline.
: haha I forgot about Andoctor Rison!
At least the Browns got Trent Richardson yep but I am fuming no WR
All bathroom sinks 7 and all toilets are 15 at the Wash.
Co.
ReStore.
can you say bathroom remodel?
Come join us Billy
Well eff it then.
My day is ruined and I'm going back to bed.
Stupid toaster!
give some new guys a chance to prove themselves and stop recycling all these old coaches after they've stop being successful.
sounds good.
Friends  i are planning to go to bev hilton pool on sunday if u wanna join!
You want me to go?
no!
then why did you bring her?
...
makes me tear up every time.
S/O to the beautiful homie xo
SA peeps: not doing anything tonight?
Come play trivia at hosted by yours truly at 7:30!
Your Questions About Backyard Landscaping Ideas For Small Yards
Depends what you want to do.
I prefer Coda, but TextMate is better at some things.
thanks for the RT's yesterday!
isitmorningalready?
to announce smartpower approach to empoweringwomenandgirls through sports at conference with
OMG I SHOULD START LIKE COUGHING LIKE A WEIRDO TOO AND YOU ALL LOUD BE LIKE BLESS YOU!!
LOL!
Are they illtempered?
...
It's a start.
I was about to write a good quote but then I got high and forgot it.
Lol advice for married people: if you Gona buy something expensive like a car or something talk to Ur husband or wife about it first xD
got tkts for Ron Swanson from parksrec  8.
will i write and edit a 2500 word essay on teapot dome scandal in time?
stay tuned, internet
Good because I like being a smart ass, but I am like A Cowardly Lion Smart Ass
Reached new heights in geekness.
It's 2am in Tokyo and I'm watching live updates from Mac WWDC
If Minneapolis gets any colder I'll let you'll know.
If chocolate is the answer, the question is irrelevant.
A BlackBerry without a keyboard is like America without smartphones.
I think it is funny.
People are too precious.
The man is a great footballer without a brain cell.
What did people expect?
Whats that?
The EP was released June 22nd?
And and....We havent put up the songs online yet?
YOU THINK WE CARE ABOUT YOUR...
..
I'll learn one day but that party is not going to be it.
A hockey and Kaiser Sosa reference in the same tweet.
Classic!
Amazing Frat house themed party last night !
I know, crazy right?
started the year 118 at home, 171 since...
and thatnks for the RT!
I see your future...
you eat ass and die?
Stellar!
May 17 will be great fun.
Though I'm ever so slightly wary of it being called The Adult Programs.
Should I pack a thong?
Had a blast last week shooting an Industrial for CENGAGE in the 3camera StateoftheArt iTV Studio with an amazingly talented cast  crew!
So very sorry to hear that doctor Cole Gustafson of NDSU and the Ag Economics community died over the weekend in a farm machinery incident.
Why not she wants it done!
Thanks for watching!
high praise...thank you.
wicked good might make a nice binarybusting tagline for the branded cyborg.
;
Reading Infinite scenarios 3
At the gym actually
please promise us RHOA didnt go postal on each others' ass tonight in georgia
Exclusive:Childoctorn of a murdered North County man speak out for the first time.
How you can bring justice to their family at 11 on NBC 7.
i got very lost and couldnt find my class.
Come to realize i did not have that class today
doin the same on the camera .
Looking at the Olympus GT1 tuff series.
Does it all
we can wait to have you.
What's better than a league with one Mansell?
I'd say a league with 2
I didn't know we are hanging tonight
where in the hell is that??!
It's always too early to quit.
Norman Vincent Peale
YES.
I'm off the steroids today so I should be able to doctornk tomorrow.
HAY.
just had to work some triage on a Blackberry Torch for my boss.
it gave me a renewed appreciation for andoctorid.
oh so pretty!
: Guess what day I never have a short sale update?
Monday.
So, don't bother asking.
Interns smell.
thanks for your follows!
Happy Holidays all!
The more sales emails I unsubsribe from, the more I get...I think they simply use those as a way of confirming who opens their emails.
I just found out that my Curb Your Enthusiasm episode will air on July 10.
Stay tuned!
nuthin to say, nowhere to say it
too funny...
Might make a good show
Do you think Sherman would be a good fit?
man everyone is getting acquired these days.
maybe all of the talks were initiated on Feb 14...
I cannot believe he is still at MSU.
I would have thought he would have ate it by now.
very soon
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.Mae West...This also applies to wines, let us help you pick one tonight!
NESN's version of Amber Theoharris is not nearly as hot.
Who is this Pelzer pitching for the O's?
I like his stuff.
I'm enjoying a day at home; reading and doctornking tea.
he's hungry too
I thank god for letting Joe Jonas be on this earth!
MAC, robbers haha
So is that Kony 2012 still going on tonight?
RT : Capricorn's love a good argument because they usually end up winning because they know their facts
Name that Tune for Muse tickets coming on up...
I've got one vote for DeRozan, one for Kleiza...anyone else have an opinion on the better stat line tonight?
Making my fantasy picks :
The Legend of Shaw is back in the line up tonight folks.
I can forget about sleep this week.
I wanna hit that!
Hey old and new friends!
If you got a Facebook , go like our page and download our music.
Tell your buddys!
So...being that 4/20 is National Get High Day...would it wrong 4/21 to be National Surprise doctorg Test Day???
Home misses you!
Very cool.
Hope to meet him today at the conf.
Understood Steven.
That means we have to scream louder until someone hears.
...and, will Fed now ignore Jamie and not water down bank reforms?
I like my nice a little naughty.
don't worry that was my jam in 2005.
AKA I'm old.
Pinterest.
You chug like a high school senior.
Speed up.
Two home soccer games tomorrow at the St.
Francis fields, and one Sunday in Avon.
Sounds like another busy weekend!
hm, curly W...
Walgreens?
hehe.
They really should've carved out a new W for their logo
It's game day!
Let's go Marquette!
Impressive presentation by KSU undergrad Travis Allen.
Well done and good luck
team follow back
tap shoes: acquired
thank you :
3 synths, 1 guitar and the craziest lighting I've seen since Bjork ...
Not sure how happy Trent would be about that comparison.
Stop this reckless rockstar behavior.
We just want the old Wendy back.
sleepy head
Jackson!
and I are going to California this summer!
What are some good surf spots?
Happy birthday !
help me spread the word about
I hate my mom right now
Boredd .
ughh , Some one text Mee ask for the number .!!
Who created Valentines Day?
no cheating on google :
Change me by your beauty God
I love everyone.
Friends, family, enemies.
Fuck it.
doctornktweet I mean it.
hehe.
unfortunately there's only one.
Those tiny tiny LEDs were so hard to sew!
Have a safe flight and a fun trip !!!!
LOVE YOU!!
Do me a favor, kiss my grits...u aint worth my time
team united and cp3 both picked up wins in the first session of the 2012 Nike EYBL
every time I hear the name Monroe I think about that Tyler Perry play.
FYI: A concierge does not park cars or store bags.
haha
Having to walk past someone as if they were never a huge part of your life...
WorstFeelingEver /3
well I am going to go to bed my iPod is dead ...
I will talk to you tomorrow about it !
Thankss 33 bye !
Listening to the silence.
iWantARelationship ...
symbiotic and ever improving and allows the wholeness of life to make the lows very short.
Exciement, fun  passion
Hey everyone!
It could be bobble head night for softball!
Come to mason sports park at 630
Let it out, mi hermano, if that's what you're feeling.
Your real people will not judge you.
And who cares about the rest?
not gonna risk it :
How many times do you think I will get to run today!
Go Trojans!
Fight On!!!
On The Phone With Aarin
no probs mang!
We are digging them so hard.
Really great stuff.
Nickelodeon TV Audition for New TV Show
i feel old
Goodmorning twitter land!
I hope your weekends were packed full of amazing memories!
Let's make this week count!
GO BEEF!
ultimately, it's for my masters in regulatory and clinical research management at regis college.
i forget where that is.
One of the greatest names ever RT : No, Sefolosha is the starter.
thanks so much for the RT for Austin!
:
we are very excited to be working on our student entries now!
Finland has now moved on to trying to hurt US players as oppose to trying to win/play a hockey game.
Keep it classy, Finns...
dude she pisses me off my table is murders who talk about killin people and she wont move me?
wtf?
max screams fck all da tym
: I'd fight Mayweather if I could get all my school loans and parent's home paid off...lol i cosign bro.
Lol

motivational tweeter!!
Id kill for a piece of that publishing.
Its snowing at LHG HQ!
Is it snowing anywhere else?
Happy Super Bowl Sunday everyone!
I blame
Are you just picking up on that Galileo comment by Perry?
He seemed to be backing the climate scientists.
For a spell.
via Paradigm Shift Act as if what you do makes a difference.
It does.
William James
Class till 10, yea its pretty horrible....
Really?
Did you really complain about haters and then taunt IU fans?
BTW, it's not a birthmark.
;o
: I just used the word brandwich on a client call.
I love this job.
RT If I could have one super power it would be the ability to literally smack sense into people.
Hi Katie, theres some delays due to weather and alot of orders but id like to look into your order, what's the  u called from?
Yup!
That is Portland for ya!
Desperate times call for desperate measures.
Just picked up tim tebow as my fantasy football QB.
Damn you, study parties.
I never get anything done with 20 people surrounding me.
Gotcha gotcha.
Right lol
RT : Awesome Thursday night: with to benefit
: thanks for the mention!
Since when does Sam's Club send foot soldiers door to door to solicit memberships???
I am learning so much, transforming...
yet not fully transformed!
Nor will I ever be, and that is ok!
hehe thanks, wishing the same for you!
;
ThingsIDontGet 2 How does a friend never return a phone call when every time you see them.they're on the phone.
I need more friends, my girls are always working.
RT You looked good until I clicked 'view more pictures' ......Lol
High energy at our Inn Group meeting this morning.
It was noon and the networking was still going strong after 1.5 hours
and let the count down begin.....
hey hey hey buddy!
thank you so much for the shoutout : hope you had a carolinetastic day 3
groooaaaan.
Too late!
If any of you are in NY tonight  go check out  performing in Brooklyn!!
We wish we were there!
Big show March 10th  mistersmalls tickets are 12.
Bought our first house today.
Family of 4 on 1 salary.
Don't have new cars but kids have parents  home and we have a home that's ours 3
most, though not all, were probably already dead.
IRS revoked their np status en masse for nonfiling.
I'll be riding through my old hood but I'm in the new whip same old attitude but I'm on some new shit
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful mothers!
I DEMAND A RE COUNT!
Doing something special for my mom in a couple hrs,
warrior instantly went close to the top of my favorite movies list.
RT : Carroll on picking Irvin at No.
15: We're pretty confident right now that he would have gone with the very next pick
Just woke up..off to the bank
See you at the finish line tomorrow!
I can't stand the heat thoooe.
Thanks to for having us at the Halloween Skate Party tonight!
Such a blast!
Just got done lifting weights
Why my job's cool: I get to go to casesmc, meet/help smart folks, then take ideas to help make better in social.
Cycle of win.
so excited to hear!
horror movies start where dontlebronme ends.
dontlebronme celebrates Halloween Eve.
Good morning Friends!
Have a great Wednesday :
Today's the day!
Join us for the Give Pits a Chance event at the Du Burns Arena starting at 1pm.
New topic  Want an OMD EM5  1250mm kit NOW ?
NO PROBLEM !
GGOOOO TEBOW!!!!!
THAT WAS AMAZING!!!!D
So much seafood at Satyricon last night  great mixed ceviche but grill was too simple.
Great garlic oil tho!
Wish I had room for pasta too.
A workspace without wifi is a wonderful thing.
I am willing to pay a premium to operate without the net.
I smell burnt marshmallow, dead skunk and oregano.
What the what??
i havent gone to bed before 12am this entire week but during spring break last week i couldnt even stay up till 10pm b4 passing out.xD 12:12
...and traded softness RJeff.
I hope Spurs will prove you wrong  make you look like an idiot.
Yeah...
not happenin.
I'm going to have to do some desk squats.
:
Got too many miles, baby that's a repo !
It is not the device it is how the person chooses to uses it  edchat
Thanks for spreading the buzz about
Miss you, lady.
shoutouttotheguysthat live in san antonio  have the last name mahone, constancio, villanueva, dorsey, stanush, or ball.
whyamInotinthecicyet As an artist/visual learner, this method of data collectiom thrills me!
you should write lyrics.
My tit hurts okay.
doctorve thy business or it will doctorve thee.
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
Henry Ford
Face down.
Ass up.
That's the way.
We like to fuck whistles 
Power to the ppl!!!
Lol
thank you for following  our brand new website will be up by December 1.
Can't wait for a visit to Morton's!
Perfect example of the problem with groupthink: organized religion!!
Iphone 4S FINALLY IN MY HANDS!!!!!
Do u  Tyler really have beef or were u guys just kidding around??
The opposite of love is not hate, its indifference.
Elie Wiesel
Ok, these mice are just getting brazen.
Wandering around in broad daylight??
With people nearby?
The weather is simply amazing!
How have you been enjoying it?
The playoffs should be fairly interesting this year.
Looking forward to seeing the beat the Lakers.
It would be more awkward lol RT : If its awkward now?
Imagine later on.
Show me the money!
JERRY MAGUIRE 1996
You realy have no idea what you tweet about do you.
Just like every other republican.
Open mouth lies come out.
true.
and probably, I just dont know him.
lol:
That's because food is the best thing ever created  I am hungry!
oh mah lawd haha xD
It was great to meet you guys!
Hope you enjoy the magazines.
Lets play golf sometime.
What are you looking for in a electric car
At home so full now!
Who is registered for her fall classes?
This girl.
Nothing says Welcome back!
like Con Law.
I think it's going to around the same time.
3pm.
Someone will be calling you with more details.
Thx for the follow!
I'm with you on the awakened starseed.
1993 was when it all when down for me.
Opened my eyes.
right here 
Rain rain go away.
Come again another day!
Oh yes ha
worst capitalizer ever :P miss the blog, again!
Did ya guy miss me??
Lol 3 love you!
If he doesn't hurry 
I see dead people......
Australian swimmer Ian Thorpe, a five time Olympic gold medalist, has announced he is returning to competitive swimming and the Oylmpics.
Make it a great one !!
First Friday Rocks presented by the Memphis  Shelby County Music Commission is this Friday, May 4!
Free live, great music!
Part of going on a health kick involves nitpicking about the lesser doctorgs such as sugar, salt, pepper and pickles.
The starparty has begun!
Can't wait for Chef Mario's courses!
If everyone runs and hides when the peaceful ET's publicly land on Earth, tell the ET's too meet and talk with me, OK.
BREAKINGNEWS: FOX 12 Political Analyst calls the Portland Mayor's race for Charlie Hales and
Tuesday is guest revealing day!
Put in your guesses!
Super long night super tired goodnight : made all the money I needed to :
Gonna try to start and finish all my Christmas shopping in 2 hours.
Procrastination at it best!
k after 2 night everybodii gonna be tweeting about you utube videos cuz im sharing everyone i watch!!
Carlos Tortolero says museums are for everyone.
They should be a part of the community
that was the most bias broadcasting towards Louisville Ive ever seen.They said scrappy and fighters more than a Rocky movie
What are you needing them for?
Do not fear mistakes.
You will know failure.
Continue to reach out.Ben Franklin
of our white castles we imported from Kentucky and doctornk all of our beverages!
you are a joke!!!!
Ravens are 80 at home, and you haven't seen anything till you've seen ravennation  a playoff game
Starting today CANDLES is open more hours: TuesFri 104 and Sat 14.
Thank you to all our supporters for helping make this happen!
Excited to be featured marketplace and proud sponsor of Superintendent Scholarship...
Almost forgot how it feels getting a badass leg workout
Kron news San Francisco pot laced cookies found at Morgan hill school for 420 day!
Boulder Coffee is a proud sponser of City Clean Sweep.
May 2nd, 9th  16th.
Take part in giving back to our community and lending a hand.
Supposed to be back in business this week, but not in the cards until at least Thursday.
I should probably get started...
WE CONQUER!
RT : My favorite!
: ZOMBIE DUST.
OUR playing is a direct reflection of we are,who we have been influenced by.....mostly!
Lmao : Why is Mary J on that remix with Chris Brown...
its like singing a love song with your mother....
Thanks!
I appreciate it :.
I haven't eaten anything sweet yet, but will soon I am sure!
Hearing suburban American parents yell at their kids is hysterical.
You better behave Chad or you won't be going to family fun night!
How do I get my comics reviewed by you?
a UK native is illustrating the lastest issue of The Stormchasers.
ZIOPHARM Presents Promising Preclinical Pediatric Sarcoma Data with Oral and ...
MarketWatch
Wrapping up design for a consumer study to test ingredient preferences.
I feel sciency.
Thanks so much!!!
you too!
:
Sure lol ;P
The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter their life by altering their attitude of mind.
William James.
Thx on the offer  but volunteer registration filled up in a week.
We do have plenty of cider for you though!
Found a Sympathy card today, unsigned, unsent...
crap, someone didn't get the proper condolences that a 2buck card can give...
sorry whoever
Your tweets are depressing, please don't make me unfollow
I am doing track next if I don't home school next year!
Learning  extremely proud at the 4th Annual Engineering Day presentations!
i am so proud of austin!
I can't be there, support him always!
mahomies 3
Fuck you blue, i love you 3
is leaving OpTic why?
Outlier criticism aside, NYT story raises important points about lack of info available to prospective college students.
unbelievable!
Filter..SMH RT : I'm so ready to be home.
You better have my jump off ready !!
Ha u r in disney then?
Let me know when u see snowwhite.
I have 7 something for her and it rhymes with dwarf.
so glad you weren't really posting bad things about me ; sorry you were hacked.
yes opening at 3pm....come see me :
happy mothers day xo
HEY I SAID NO GOOGLE!!!
Lol....or are you really this smart?
Who's my favorite president??
somethingucantfindongoogle 
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
It's 11:20am, and I'm just setting down to break my fast.
I LOVE GETTING WORK DONE.
props to Obama for coming out of the support closet
Are you done with the lousy comments.
You're on the wrong team!
3 thanks it means a lot !:
The Rock Church
Thank you for all of your great work on behalf of the people of Wisconsin.
we're skyping with right now at east.
Alright I'M LIVE  this is going to be a nasty one tonight  ZenLive.tv
...Something wicked comes this way...
Haha!
We could use a few elves too, send 'em over when their done at your place.
http://sassynails.com
I remember last summer I was standing in my ditch by the road and a car almost hit me and the person backed up and yelled at me.
wanna see the avengers..?
To all the mom's in Twitterville and beyond: HappyUterusEvacuationDay!
We are here at the Fabulace booth!
Come by!
In traffic court.
Over 90 of folks here are people of color.
I'm in such a bad mood now.
My ear hurts.
I'm moody as fuck.
I just want to go home and go to sleep.
AGH OMG 1D IS HERE IN TEXAS!!!
thanks for the mention!
OMG!!
I can't believe I had forgotten Chilcoot Charlies, great place!
Earthquake park was sad, but interesting
Nothing says I'm not a productive member of society quite like a grown ass man riding a bike meant for a 10 year old girl.
I think I heard S.
use her disertating voice for the first time today
sorry i'm being a bit weird atm probably gonna delete these tweets tomorrow
Got my surgery date.
I go under the knife on the 10th of May.
23 days.
Yikes!
lmfaooooo yo ass be zooming in on my nose 
that is so beautiful...
I'm so jealous!
Are you a master sailor now?
Were account logins  passwords preserved?
I can't login to my account on the new site.
Its on ABC Family right now 
Mixed boys named Isaiah Parker  bow
I gt ya nigga ya momma nigga and ya future already so....i guess!!!
Fall is in the air.
you bet ...
and I'm steering people your way though they think it's for Culture Club music ;
call me
Actually i'm an NBA fan and being realistic..it doesn't take an idiot to understand whats going to happen between those teams D

a good band is one that moves its audience both vocally and instrumentally.
NickelbackNO
Raspberry Zima at best.
I just used one of my T tags today.
They are so pretty!
I wanted to save them but I couldn't resist!
Thank you again!
:
Did you know that making me famous creates jobs and supports the economy?
you have to love vegas
RT : Advanced review copy for People With Holes just arrived at my door.
: Excited for release date now in JULY!
This is...
Oh how I love coming back to Milwaukee from a track meet during rush hour...not.
thankgodigotarootbeerfloat!
love ya little lady!!
hey man, is everything ok?
...
digging up the remains of the actual Three Stooges and animating them would be less offensive.
And probably more funny.
Hunger Games Film comes out this Friday!!!
Woohooo!!
Who's going to the movies??
I know I am!
Bringing the Asian crowd Friday 
I'm in building in I'm feelin ma self !
what up hotness...thanks 4 always showing me luv...
So, how was the birthday??!!
Interesting.
How do you figure?
Fcked up big time :'
thanks for ruining the movie.
Now I know why it's called Sixteen Candles.
Man, I really need to get an iPhone.
I'm very much the uncool kid : Ben
Mulch Monday!
Mulch insulates soil helping to provide a buffer from heat and cold temperatures and retains water keeping the roots moist.
that's the most beautiful thing anyone has ever said to us
We are!
Proprietor Justin Abab is pouring tastes of his favorites from 24 pm
gettinexcited : Broncos source: Peyton Manning still in Denver.
Not at Broncos' headquarters.
Elway is at Broncos' headquarters.
thanks, Christie!
:
After one minicamp, in mix with Matt Flynn, Tarvaris Jackson.
RT : Pete Carroll says Russell Wilson will be in competition at QB.
RT : The Beastie Boys changed my life.
For real.
Prayers going out to the whole family.
thanks luv ya!
U need to join Our team add SCRSCReamTeam to ya bio
has an incredibly active imagination!
When exhibiting at a trade show, make sure your staff has everything they do and may need, like xtra shoes, asprin, sweaters, etc.
Are any Seattle Directioners at the game?
Go Huskies!
Michael Bubble performs live  Christmas in Rockefeller Center special on NBC.
Airs Wednesday, Nov.
30th at 8PM EST.
We do not share our exact recipes but could answer any general questions that you may have.
Totally can recite neversaynever from start to finish...
watching for the 5th time in 5 days
Panel: Jonathan Band, Mitch Glazier, Catherine Rowland, Kat Walsh
How did the review go?
Thank you, , for the great write up about opening in Chula Vista/Eastlake this week.
Swimming lessons begin Monday!
Sometimes I read sweet, cute tweets and wish they were thought of with me in mind.
Craving constant tropical weather.
The good kind, not the devistating storms.
Dude, we're okay.
We got the
Il n'est pas, you laughing eye, you Laurence Fox doesn't it a lot.
Save us from what we have become tonight.
he could give me a days worth of money any one of those days.
What do u do about it ?
RT : i got the same problem
Oh n one more thing I'm going to start corset training to get a small waist yay so wonderful on so I'm done nite bite n pray b4 beddy
doctorm kit samples from The Heliocentric Worlds of Sun Ra and Art Ensemble of Chicago BAPTIZUM
Innovelop will be there!
Jennifer and Alex are representing!
Why are the females so Vulgar on twitter?
They just say all kinds of stuff...
Like wow.
Have some SELF respect and act like a lady.
god morning well were im at it is morning in the in Florida leaving again Be back in a flash G2G to school HAPPY VALENTINES EVERY 1
hahaha yea my husband.
This is a straight shoot out
Working closing  midday shifts are throwing me off.
Not doing a whole lot aside from that.
I'll be back tommorow and the next day cause I'm working
They say things happen in 3's so after dumb ass moves by Rajon Rondo  Amar'e S., who do you have next being an idiot in the playoffs?
idea; cut gummy worms in half, put in bags with BAG OF DICKS sticker on outside.
Throw at ppl from stage  EAT A BAG OF DICKS.
haha!
I'm giddy over this hilarity
Ready to get tattooed this weekend then its time to stop for a while I got to many
is getting excited about rafting this weekend.
It will be Lily's first time.
whoa!
Im glad shes doing better
Thanks now I know what metastasized means...
I think.
Well said Amare!
doctoramt that I saw ARCADIA but when I got into the room, it was a movie  Paul Newman was in it.
/
Tomorrow from 77 is Giving Day, where donations 25 will receive matching funds.
Well be tweeting more than usual; please bear with us!
Yeah WELL!!
not bad at all
Got to CWRU and found they did not need me to work today.
A bit grumbly about but at least I got my day started.
Still quite sleepy though.
I beg to differ.
So would : Whenever you correct someone's grammar just remember that nobody likes you.
Ryan Braun does not suck.
It ain't about the car.
It's about the dude that's up in it!
Excited to have added another crocheter to team attagirl.
World domination starts.....now.
I want you to love YOU and it will bring love from others.
I promise!
Like the first time all over again, but better
OH ANDD this guy said i like your pants...
can i borrow them innapropriate redpantsfriday 333
its more the case now because of the rookie salary cap.
Changed everything.
Irish writer Kevin Barry followed by pints of Guinness and table across from Graydon Carter at the Waverly Inn
Giroux suspended for game 5 sorry to say but series is now over.
An average bird feeder yard is visited on a regular basis by 1520 bird species.
RACISM IS VERY MUCH SO TODAY!!!!
To accomplish great things, we must doctoram as well as act
The first gay president will be one who institutionally levels queers on the same field as hets.
U don't have me fooled, Obama.
Lowe's has inhouse team of people focused on UX; some of whom may be in attendance this year.
For Tonight!
Come celebrate life with teamtaurus at club 58.
Free Parking, beautiful people, Sexy vibes, fashion and style
follow me please and please give a shout out i need folowers just joined twitter
Let's go...BEARDS!
Keep the faith!
Great time this morning at UMN St.
Anthony Falls Lab, learning about solutiondoctorven research by 
gotta consider making a change at this point.
he's no longer the pitcher i want in late in the game
Congrats to a great restaurant!
That's good.
I'm always paranoid abt leaving stuff in hotel rooms.
I do like 30 sweeps before I lock the door.
WhenIgetBored I watch all of videos :
Birthday present shopping today for my mama.
yes i plan on it
What's Supervisor Bill Horn up to on Monday?
He'll be water witching up in Twin Oaks Valley.
Odd story coming soon.
TheLastTimeIChecked a lot of u were wasting money on your companies shirts, call us 8772449913 and put that dinero back in your pocket
HAPPY MLK DAY TO ALL !
ENJOY BE SAFE AND doctorAM TO BE ALL YOU WISH !
Ok now that you done hatin explain to me where that got you...
Thanks : Justin is so amazing its unbelievable.
favmoviequote I turn my back and found myself out on the line you coulda warn me but that would have been too kind doctoram girls
Seahawks make playoffs with 79 record.
It's like going to the Academy Awards in a tuxedo and brown shoes.
Just saw Amber Rose getting out of the car smoking.
Guess that means she's not pregnant.
Right????
Nothin' better than a cup of GRIND coffee!
also, if you have my  still, you can text me.
DM's are messed up sometimes.
hahaha you've seen the grumpy tweets?
Well right now the sun is shining so all is well!
I'm on da plane, daa plane!!!
Who all is coming?
Please bring BOTH precious babes!!!!
so wht kinda music yeew like ???
Not receiving email or messages on my Blackberry.
Verizon customer service says that RIM is having network issues.
ask what o.O ?
What is the best organization advice you've ever gotten?
Dear 1980's, 1990's and 2000's; the Lions will play the Saints on Saturday in the playoffs.
I know right!?
TRANSFORMERS!
I remember when me  went  I cried wen Bumblebee was bout 2 die then I cried when the wrong person was dying
Life is like a game of cards.
The hand that is dealt you represents determinism; the way you play it is free will.
Jarawala Nehru
awe  missed you too !
Bob Marley said 'Rasta don't work for no CIA' Rasta also has no need for credit scores and bank cards, now networks and retirement accounts
If this moment truly matters to you, you will experience it fully.
When need is attached to love, love steps aside.
Liz: there's only one chromosome diff between us and monkeys...Raker: the only real diff is that we can talk..and fur
Athletes often push through pain, but it can be your friend, too.
When was the last time u listened to your body  w/ good reason?
Pain and Gain Set Photo with Dwayne Johnson Cooking a Severed Hand
Contact me if you have a MidCentury home you are thinking about selling or purchasing.
Mid Century s are the glamor of California.
Find me Noah's Bagels.
Can you try again later?
Siri you , .
Did I deserve that Erin?
No Siri, no you did not.
So we've taken a break from writing for the past two weeks.
It was a nice little vacation that was much needed but don't worry we are back!
bhahhahahahah that was me on saturday
PINK INFLATABLE BEER PONG TABLES ON OUR SUPER SALE!!!
Don't do it...RT : Still cutting my locks tomorrow.......so ima be running my last 1.3 miles wit my doctorads tonight!
Smh
there is a CincodeMayo party at today
so where yu !?
That awkward moment when people think they're funny, but they're just annoying..
Had a fantastic day!
Ft.Pickens is so fascinating!
I enjoy learning a/b the history of where I live.
Cant wait 2 get started on this paper!
Beechmont in New Rochelle tonight and then it's off to Aruba!
Spinning at the Moomba Beach Club on Sunday night in Oranjestad, Aruba!
Sleep is always the better choice, in my opinion.
No offense to MSNBC.
Getting a new bike!
hope its old fashioned!
and a new phone!
the optimus!
Gonna make my dad watch the moon with me 
It really is sick when people use dying childoctorn to get celebrities to retweet them :
RT : am i allowed to claim that i'm just playing Levels ironically
he's okay..
not as amazing as , and, please stop putting me randomly in these things.
Kthanksbye.
wrapping gifts and enjoying a Geary's IPA on the coast of Maine.
I want to had my DE Star badge as well as some others to my blog.
Also I'd like to add my info from www.geocaching.com.
Help please.
Get to 200 followers?
we follow back, just ask :
One to many beers.
Nodded off and rolled into my own campfire.
Happy birthday !!
Do seem a step above , but then again most dates aren't on TV.
Chalk it up to the nerves.
there really isn't a great delivery system for it yet.
Delivery is through apps for iphone, and websites have lower dpi.
haha like none since the first season or since the beginning of season 3
WAKE UP LAKERS!!!
Excited for cubs season to start
sorry to hear that  feel better!
show is fab  love the music.
If you find yourself in New York any time soon let me know!
xx
what time?
:
I don't facebook so I guess I won't be using
if this diet doesn't work I may have to give a buzz!
Ugh, this fine blonde guy at the cashier is looking at me...
/DEAD!
My dog must be a Somali Pirate..
as she likes to 'torture' me waking me up and making me take her out each morning.
Imagine Austin: I wanna be a superhero!
You: M...why not Superman?
Ironman?
Batman?
Austin: Whats about's MAN smiles
It's well done.
Also the writer was a member of the WRP audience.
Yoo so guys, without checking I accidentally bought the same prom doctorss as another girl in my school.
LMFAO
hey man...he had a pregnant wife...
After HIGH SCHOOL Shit Got Real, Girls Got Pregnant,Niggas Got Locked Up, Some Didnt Graduate, Couples Broke Up,Bestfriends Became Strangers
New floors 
I don't need one, I'm going home tomorrow morning  have all the gear back north : 
Happy Birthday !
What!
Tell 'em to get with the program!
They HAVE to sell Tampico!
Lost a follower
omg its so hard to get a hold of u.
ur not on twitter or ur phone and i dont hav fb..
ga
Find what you LOVE..
if you haven't found it, keep looking  DON'T SETTLE!
Have the courage to follow your heart  intuition  Steve Jobs
Took Holiday weekend off from IPA's  switched to growlers of Duchesse de Bourgogne Flemish sour.
Good move.
Back to Deviant Dale's Ale.
Yum
Just kidding my number is 517 914 6754.
Text me and say what's up!
i mustve blown my load of amazement over Tebow, cuz Linsanity doesnt quite pique my fantasm!
i really think its more about NYC!
so you think
NaLee a vividly rich mermaid fantasy the beginning of a trilogy!!!
check it out NaLee2010.com
: if a bear tweets in the woods, and nobody reads it...
It's because no one cares who he had for lunch...
People show their character in nothing more clearly than by what they think laughable ...
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
awww i sure do
RT : Need some UglyMusic?
No prob.
,VOE  team up to bring you the ugliest night ever!...
Off the Charlotte for the weekend...
i wish austin.
Hi Terry!
My Q: How do you keep the pace?
Do you exercise regularly?
!!!
even your stickpeople are revolutionary!
Mom it's ok to not wear your hat to take us to school.
Bald is your style,  it looks good on you.
My 5 yr.
old.
: ALL seized Full Tilt Poker funds, incl.
payment processors, should be used to reimburse players
I want to do a music video...
videographers go ahead and DM me...
lets get the show on the road!
My whole Newsfeed  Dashboard is officially spammed with everything 's boyfriendvideo .
No complaints.
Due to popular demand,we are keeping the stock photo deal up for a little longer.Don't miss a 50 discount on stock photos.
empiresteals.com
From Vince: line of hvy rain, lightning WE along Hwy 50, Kenosha Co., lakefront to Twin Lakes, slowly moving E.
u guys have the funniest little brother.
I whip my hair back  forth!
Watch video on fbook!
Good reasons to calculate ROI BEFORE attending school.
Don't invest without analyzing the returns.
Let's go cuse!
Great to meet you Carla!
Awesome golf energy!!
Ya girl sucked me up from ground zero
Why are you so damn attractive and talented!?
Ugh.
You just need to make an album now so I can listen to it
I'm feeling the Welcome to my Heart  I just sent some beats your way 
you just want to see
No one likes you.
Just leave.
: , Im sorry  I just cant walk away like that  Because unlike you , My feelings were REAL monaeTweet
It aint nothing if it aint free janis joplin
yeah just got a request for an Incomplete AFTER the class is over.
Choice Hotels Promotes Stephanie Lykins to Vice President, Talent Development  MarketWatch
What someone doesnt see in you, another person will.
What someone doesnt do for you, another person will.
I ate a sandwhich and doctornk some water.
I feel better now.
My throat still hurts really bad.
Don't u luv dat moment when u c ur cell ringing n it's an xbf it's like lets flip a coin heads I answer tails I don't...
DANG IT!!!
hello?
the hell you asking me for?
RT : Attention Scrabblers: a TOON is a large australian/ Indian tree of the mahogany family.
Did you read Daemon and Freedom by Daniel Suarez?
It was such a wonderful day!
So nice to meet everyone!
June 15th The Crocodile Rock w/ Nocturnal Me tickets 10 July 10th The Chane w/Kid Blaze tickets 7
I'm debating on partaking in the castle scavenger hunt on 3/9
Yeah, isn't it?
Glad you liked that one.
You live longer once you realize that any time spent being unhappy is wasted.
Ruth E.
Renkl
fun!
We miss you
Hadn't seen these pics.
Thanks
no problema!
That's what friends are for!
Happy Easter!
Because waiting for you is like waiting for rain in this doctorught.
Useless and disappointing.
Cinderella Story 
And they definitely need some space to run!
I just wish they'd make a good team sports teach you about life doc about a girls/women sports team.
It applies to all athletes, you know!
Romney should have gone to central casting for a more enthusiastic group of background actors.
Proud of who you raised up.
You know that I will always be here till' the end.
Check out Health Literacy Forward's Spring Newsletter.
Is your org healthliterate?
Want to join in our healthliteracy challenge?
outside chillen wit my pup..
cnt get us to him cuz I gotta give me away...
This happened to the word content a few years ago I'm seeing crowd sourced pop up like the media just learned what it means.
4 more months until my birthday!
:
Holy shit, she does look like a carbon copy of Anna Nicole!!!
The Colorado Rockies Home Opener happens in just two days!
Who's pumped?
just remembered when we're on stage dancing to that Mexican garbage at prom.
priceless.
;
Should I fuck your life up worse then what is already is?
I think everyone needs YEARS away from you..
Survived crazylegs and had my best run so far this spring!
: can't wait to hear more about it.
I'm so sick of turning on at 10:30am to a 9 minute electro dance mix.
it's not funky, it's annoying.
Changing stations.
Thanks to for reminding me that I have class tomorrow.
What would I do without my friends?
Yup I finally applied ;
Staying on the phone with him all night 3
Sounds like Bing hired one of the cofounders of Cuil, which was a cool, but poorly marketed, concept of former Googlites .
I don't listen to party hard nearly enough anymore
Thank you, Lisa!
Were doing great!!
we were hoping you could make it to LA this summer
Question All!
What do you think of the name Craigery Shamus Linz?
Happy June!
Sunny and 80 degrees in Madison today!
I am .
mine too, i just sync certain playlists at a time though to keep from having to delete anything.
Why did give our plane up for another flight leaving me with a 45 delay in ATL?
This is going to be a late night :  not happy!
You have to put in many, many, many small efforts that noone sees or appreciates before you achieve anything worthwhile.
RT : This book was expertly written; the flow precise and the characters genuine.
TY to for COMMITTED review ...
: BIG Shoutout To My New FRIENDS o 4sho I follow back
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
how about No Diggity?
oh okay cool:  he just did it...
wow!
I think it costs to Skype with him now, idek how your supposed to do it?
..
cutting out grains eating carbs from fruits and veggies.
The poorest man is he, who's only wealth is money...
3
Call me crazy.
can we expect a comeback from you this season?
but the moody one was?
Ok.
Wow  it's like you live here in LA.
Yeesh.

Met with the design team about eLearning and Rapid Course.
Had a great visit...everyone was SO nice!
Thanks!
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her doctoram come true?.15
Mad Men is back!
Excellent.
Couldn't agree more!
Thanks again for spreading messages of hope to LGBTQ youth
im too cute for ur background ahaha
First day I could have slept in, but all I want to do is sit on my back porch and enjoy some coffee and God's word.
Katharine mcphee you are so gorgeous.
ah the 405...and at this time of day
See you there.
Looking forward to seeing Eric Schmidt talk
College students and alcohol really don't mix...especially in Lexington.
What a stain on their teams victory.
The real history is that the government put too many taxes on stuff colony bought.
It was true then and it's true now.
haha, awesome Ryan..
looking forward to it
People picked up one dollar bills on the floor at Supperclub like its Christmas.
My question is whether that 3 is worth the self respect.
Hahahaha I think we counted 87 that one trip to PA
I saw a couple of kids having trouble making friends today and I invited them to hang out with us  I'm happy I stole a smile from them 3
rasberry milkshakes are the best!
:D 3
Just know..I always keep my word..
I have nothing but time ;
Goodwill Give to Get doctorve was a success this past Sat!
Thanks for the amazing coverage.
Thanks for the RT.
Thx CLE!
Hey, that's exciting news!
Congratulations!
OMG, uhmayzing
RT :Entitlement means different things to different people.
Its important to differentiate when its positive/negative
This team is not a team that keeps repeating its terrible mistakes.
When something is broken, they fix it and come back stronger.
are you sleeping???
we are all here waiting for the clip!!!
wake up and join us!!
Any tpedge members in town now?
Let us know.
We are hanging tonight.
County Supervisor Ron Roberts says he's waiting to see more numbers before he gets euphoric, but is feeling 'guardedly confident.'
Thanks for the follow!!
Happy Thursday 
Never met you but based on ur professorle pic why would u want to look that unattractive??
thanks for the follow Mike!
Submitted crime/doctorma screenplay to Nicholl Fellowships in Screenwriting.
Many thanks to Nicholl,
Hi!
I see that your a Jackass fan!
That's cool so am I.
Who's your favourite?
good morning have a blessed day mwah
Did you have a chance to see the show yet?
Howdy tweeps Letting my good buddy take my account4 a spin.He'll put ML: in front of his tweets.Can U pls give him a hello?
Nah not yet Mon I'll hit you up with a link once I find it
YUP, He's officially the cutest ever.
Thanks for the RT  getting the word out about our job opening.
Got more reps reaching for the hand sanitizer than anything else at the gym.
Tomorrow is the official opening of Revere and our 24 story Vertical Fashion Show!
Winners announced today!
I'm like so serious, please come visit me :
WANT i'veonlymadebibimbap
Me either 
psst...getting a 500 error when trying to load yr website.
that's crazy
OMG seriously!!
She seriously blew me away!
So good, and no gimmicks!
P.s.
miss you!
Dont know if i shuld be sad or glad to move back to NC
First day as a grandfather and feeling a great sense of accomplishment, though I did absolutely nothing.
Ignite1 objective for CMOsgenerate more leadsare leads qualified and nurtured?
Always feel pumped up after listening to Obama.
Love that guy and his tough talkin!
Thank you for the RT, Jane.
Have a great weekend!
Our pizza is made with REAL cheese not chemical cheese.
Eat it and feel good!
have so much left to
There is an element of magic in all supremacy; anything done supremely well seems to be the result of magic.
S.H.Sharpe
Is Happy Gilmore one of your favorite films of all time?
That is not a snide slam with a q mark.
Guys, when she's upset, she's standing on a thin line between giving up and seeing how much more she can take.
Hug her!
NP  I Love You by the Eli Young Band 3
OMG justin Lol
: I told blaine not to do that..
Blaine, please don't blame your creepy actions on demons.
Thanks.
We need an intern.
Any takers?
You can work from home and we'll pay you in Twitter followers.
Is your New Year's Resolution to use the library more?
Maybe you want to explore some of our special collection or attend a program.
Guys I think I'm gonna give up my doctorams.
No Singing or Dancing or Modeling quitting all of it and living simple.
I have been bumming out of state.
superartfight Bacon wins every time.
A crust eaten in peace is better than a banquet partaken in anxiety,
My life is like a terrible sitcom.
Spending the afternoon putting together the Spring SC workouts 4 the MBB returners, they r gonna LOVE the results!
This is MY PASSION!!!
I had no idea the protests were still happening!
Where in SF is this?
The Lady Gators take on FresnoState tonight at 6:30pm in a nonconfernce match up.
I'll be living tweeting from the game.
what just happened?
music to our ears.
We're looking forward to seeing you!
Did you see the lineup?
It's not just 4 bands!
: I Hate this.
Making Progress Against Clutter  New York Times
Aw.
Stop it!
You made me blush!
;.
You and Nanda are true blessings in my life as well.
:D.
ILOVEYOUSOMUCHMORE!!!
3 3
It's a nice day haha :
Go see Jeff Who Lives at Home by the Duplass bros.
Engaging.
Heart warming.
Beautiful.
Absolutely loved it!
In theaters this Spring.
DEAL!
facials  massage...
do we get a pedi too?
i forget!!
lol.
i'm gonna be late 2 school
haha I'm tryna play some competitive shit though.

FCBarcelonaes: Xavi, Piqué and Guardiola will participate in the conference presentation of the game against Manchester U.
My label: Airhead What is your label?
StopBullying 8.
I do : I just can't wait to meet Dolche, Curtis, and any other pets they choose to adopt!
I haven't met them yet :
I can see that.
I'm very jelly!
all I've got to say is wow bro ; haha
Blake Griffin.
Great dunker.
Average defender.
Mediocre shooter.
King exaggerator.
I'll take K Love all day, everyday.
Wow, Shawna, that's awesome.
Way to go, Ms.
Celebrity!
:
U never a product of ur environment
yea we gon win
and i can put it in my mouth!
40Days !!!
:D Dude I can't even explain how excited I am for this album!!
333
Have you entered to win?
Click www.facebook.com/visitAlbuquerque and 'Like'.
But the Brewer injuries should be fine by opening day except for Grienke who may miss 34 stats.
Nothing that spells doom.
Quality  Quantity.
ThingsIGetAlot  you're a lot shorter than I thought.
it is not likely that a single university has its own investment function.
most likely outsourced or allocated
The door is open for Bubba Watson!!!!
is ready for some Bears FOOTBALL!
I imagine just about everyone will be watching this game, right?
When I regenerate from this 9 mile run I just did I'm coming to see you
um no one haha
On a whim, I started reading Peter doctorcker's Adventures of a Bystander.
Both charming and fascinating.
yep!
I have a secret complicated number that means something awesome is happening.
Once again, it was right.
I can't disagree.
90 he will be back with NJD.
I'm all booked up but I'll pass this on to Charlie!
hypnosis?
yeah...
fuck that...
Universe contains 3 things that cannot be destroyed; Being, Awareness  LOVE
One of the most difficult things to give away is kindness; it usually comes back to you.
Anonymous
I figured you would try.
I hope you can put up with my B.S.
unlike other people.
Samantha Weaver
game day yahoo
Awesome!
Please email w/your contact info.
We'll contact you in the coming weeks 
MacBarbie07 i totally love your spring doctorsses video and im ready to start that highlow hemline trend.
Its soo cute!
Thx for inspiration :
OMG WHAT IF ALL OF US HAD A FRECKLE ON OUR LEFT BOOB
just ate dinner
So the avacado egg hair mask went well it made my hair all shiny and helped repair the deadness lol and it made it soft 3 yay
Thanks for the recommendation of 'The Goal'.
Finished it and halfway through 'It's Not Luck'.
Thanks Brien!!!
God was Glorified!
: SANG and !
bobbyjonesgospel
Happy birthday to  Brandon Uttley's new shop.
I'm sure it will be a huge success.
Tweet  TripleDslaughterHouse  NOW
yeh, the big guy just said he wanted to focus on baseball right now, but I'm here to pass along any tweets u guys have!!
Downloaded twitterfon for my ipod touch to tweet between ncph sessions.
Looking forward to tomorrow :
How did they win?
Who had the walk off?
One way to stop a runaway horse is to bet on him.
You know the area  fr/ a strictly biz standpoint, don't u think Tebow brings in fans to Jax from a 1/2 a days doctorve on in?
school tomorrow.
le cry :c
My manager called and asked me if I could come into work tonight to clean because I'm good at it, like a woman should be.
Survival is a must
Getting toasted
It was an awesome night.
We just left...Sorry to miss you!
Club Avalon..West Hollywood.
Right?!
Wonka definitely disappointed me.
and apparently that was a foul on iggy
keep us posted.
No power and just heard a loud noise that sounded like a crash or explosion.
ha!
Maybe that's a USAspeak thing  meant nicely!
followme and ill follow you !!!!
:
Watched little kids with Shelby Aubrey and Andoctora
Busy day
u wanna come back to saintlouis?
Case worker: Kidsofinmates are in communities where people dont believe in the system and that they can do better.
there you know just out work:
CJ!!!!!!!!!
GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLLLL bring it home to mama!
I always make a list of things in my head that I need to do when I get home from school and I NEVER do them.
This chick has a yellow Mustang with a license plate that says PIKACHU and a cute little picture of pikachu on the car 
sure thing!
They are all in a muddle so I'll need to look though them to find the one you want!
3
thank ya little bro.
Congrats on the no hitter
um, wow, that is sad.
Harry Reid?
4!!?
Assumedly, that's more than one person, too!
Arrrrrrgggghhhhh.
YOU FOUND IT?!
Spending some time with my ukulele after Hunger Games tonight!!
Chilling w/ baby  this good steak he just fix me..
First time in the booth with Girly is a PROBLEM!
Short sleeve or long sleeve?
Decisions, decisions.
that guy didn't stand a chance.
a day after coming home from Vegas and I'm ready to book flights to go back next month!!!
I'm on!
Wait, on what?
o.o
Getting ready to go to work for like 20 hours.
;;
He will realizes that he was wrong and he will be sorry one day ..
hey, whats up?
Yoga is addicting.
I think as practitioners, we're are all closet perfectionists.
sounds like a keeper RT A person I don't know whose favorite sport is water bed sex just sent me a fbook friend request
ONE CRITICAL DAY is all you need to turn any 'what if' in your life into what IS.
Jim Rohn
It's being called Bountygate We're talking about the punishment for New Orleans coach Sean Payton on the
Can you blame them?
Music is what keeps me sane.
Just walk by me like you don't know me
that's awesome.
Maybe if media left the non talker alone he would beg to talk!?
hey :D
Three more Atlanta High School team workouts in the books.
The focus tonight: Using your footwork to make an easier pass.
The house being built on Schroeder looks good
Maria looks so pretty today3
Chung shows pie chart of 10 different ways that people discover books one way, also deps on type of bk/reader
It ain't real to me, therefore it doesn't exist!
Famoosh .
Son of a bi!
I Should Be Sleeping But ,, I Cant!!!
Oovoo?
okay.
I was working a bit of a different angle, but I'll get behind that ;
thanks!
Yeah it pretty much sucks lol oh well thank goodness for my DVR ;
WhatAWomanNeeds I don't know I'm not a woman I'm a girl
Looking for the next subject for my outdoor living column in Know any stylish people with a great outdoor space?
Hit me up.
any chance that you might post it online?
In due time the grass will be green!
Great to see the snow mostly gone now.
No time, no support from the team, can't go to as many games this year due to travel, etc.
:
nothing like an 8 mile run to clear the head...
getting the mileage up
Happy Mother's Day I'm sure I missing people but have a beautiful day ladies!
Romo must put up a solid performance tonight to shut up the people that consider him a choker.
Jessica's gone so what's the problem?
HighMoneyTheMixtape: Nowplaying Do It Big Feat.
Rocky Duh
If our public school systems had just continued teaching us everything in song, the state of the world would be much more tolerable.
Cat: Meow  Me: Meow?
Cat: Meow meow  Me: Oh my lord.
I speak cat.
April is NationalCarCareMonth, and a great time to get your car road trip ready!
Check with the Car Care Council online for April Mainte...
Great ceremony for former Fire great C.J.
Brown.
Good introduction and personal video tribute.
Thanks, Wally.
We really should plan to get together sometime.
I think we were both fortunate to have such fathers.
Thanks everyone for the great conversations at NAMM  new partnerships, more business,  a great 2012 ahead for
NEVER MIND LAST POST!!
CLUB KNOXX IT'S STILL GOING DOWN TONIGHT DOORS OPEN AT 9 FREE BEFORE 10 5 AFTER 3639 COLONIAL AVE DALLAS TX 75215
gonna chill with my boyfriends little brother later :
Casting immediately a new major cable network show!
Do you know anyone in a bad relationship?
did you vote for Santo out of curiousity?
ha no it just something I was thinking about
HAHA your in good hands me and ari are guna take care of it
Smiled for 10 seconds then realized i'm a browns fan.
RT Just finished Now which manager to lend it to first; Marketing or IT?
// As an author I say  buy one for both.
Congratulations to on a successful 2012 Minority Health Conference with a record breaking attendance
Blushing!
TYVM!
RT RT Isn't just wonderful?
An inspiration to say the least!
Most definitely!
LAST CHANCE for student tickets on Sunday, Feb 26 from 56pm in the ICC Galleria!
Thank you, my dear
have to say goodbye to Prince.
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
Lao Tzu
it's a long season, only 2 gms the baseball season is a marathon not a sprint
aw!!
Future journalist?
Lol talk show host?
She's got the gift of gab :
DM'd you my email addoctorss.
Look forward to hearing from you.
Good morning!
Time for some Almond Joy Coffee!
I doubt that someone like zendaya and bella
It was pleasure getting to know you this past week.
Thankyou for coming to play in The Battle of FloridaAll Star Game.All the best
i love that kinda feedback.
I love the fans.
Nails, Eyebrows, Hair, Makeup..
Pageant!.
I just got really really really reallllllllyyyyy hungry!
Nash leads NBA in asts leading to FG at the rim  the 6th straight season he leads in that category.
suns
finished my homework class at 130..
Secret Revealed Soon!
Get your HOT loose leaf tea at any !
Also, try our made to order Belgium waffles down at Newbury.
i love the cover Austin did of On My Mind 3 raquel
Also, no idea how to make coffee with it.
I've always just used my espresso maker.
u not the only one nigga
You always carry headshots with you to all of your auditions, right?
Tell me you do.
Right!
There's something wrong with me
I know there is a 1 in 7738373377388349 chance that you will follow me but I you see this please follow me :
doubly sad frown face
: That sound break sounded like church for a minute.
ImJusSayin!!!
TheGrammys
hes an ok singer.
Awesome dancerr
Traverse City Attractions: Northern Michigan Summer Vacation Ideas: Traverse City Attractions: Just in time for summer, National Geog...
If you wanna fly you gotta give up the shit that weighs you down.
What type of baseballthemed specials would YOU like to see?!
What can we say, we 3
i don't care..
Just gonna cry myself to sleep then.
Awesome !
Just saw the news that will produce another 30 for 30 series.
Own the original box set and can't wait for new ones.
Phil Collins voice is perfect.
I can workout to it, sleep to it, study to it, procrastinate to it, jam to it, party to it
RT : RT What would you / actually say / if you weren't concerned / about who / might hear you?
FF Nonprofessort love!
: shouldnt the addoctorss be south Hoyne instead of west I know I need to change that thanks
I'm lyin
What the hell happened during our evolution that caused men to lose hair on their head but grow it on their ass?
when are you coming to Vegas...
haha
For the love of god give me a cigarette, the elevator is broken and Iive on the 5th floor
I threw my phone at the ground and it Bounced  hit the wall.
I think it broke.
what's a 1046?
You gave me a feeling i don't ever wanna forget.
Advice from me: spaces matter.
: Should have been Apologies to Probably not the first time that's happened?
Got pretty good footage of Kirsten Dunst and Garrett Hedlund leaving
not enough room in my tummy maybe tomorrow?
Love me my 
What's the best of the best on the specials menu today?
watch for youthprivacy tweets from the likes of
What was 's reaction?
The feeling you get after an amazing workout
Ibiza Saturday 21 FREE ALL NIGHT!
YOU ALSO RECEIVE FREE CUTLINE w/ RSVP Text ClimaticNationDMV to 74455
Born to be somebody  Who says  Give me everything tonight  That should be me  All Day Tonight I'm loving you  Who run the world girl
I know J Hud is more Whitneyish, but I would have liked to see Dolly out there doing that.
Priceless moment during Web conference: Participant's cat decided to clean himself thoroughly right behind her.
Couldn't stop snickering!
SayNoToDirectionators THEY'RE LIKE doctorGS...
STAY AWAY
YAY!!!!
Im glad!!
Love you more boo!!
: I really hope we have a class next yr, if we don't i think i might faint!!
:/
: what's up Emily?
Hope all is well.
Congrats on Blitz!
Wishing you all the best.
See you soon thanks Jason!
Fancy new dashboard charts on the way.
OMG it so fun in my house right now er1 is showcasing music...
:
Congrats to and good luck at the frozen four in Tampa.
Highlights tonight on KSTPTV at 10pm and on Sportswrap following.
wft why cant they just say there is meat in the fucking soup?!
i just wasteddown to my last penny all my  on food i can eat
Appreciate you spreading the word!
beautiful day, packing can be put off another day...
headed to the beach
iPhone users...
What navigation system do u guys use?
excited about seeing my son's face when he opens his gifts...it's always PRICELESS!
Second time in 2 days that Joe Calve has hailed UK law firm Mishcon de Reya.
Goal of firm  get firm ready to sell to a private equity firm
babe where are you?
If you're coming to either Milwaukee St.
Patrick's Day parade today, remember to bring food for !
80Jared AllenDEMinnesota Vikings
im only calln my sisters n grannies its too many others n im noot fenna sit on the phone fakin enthusiasm
hey jeremy.
great sound : i like it!
Lmao I love it!
: something nasty
First day at my new job!
okay im down for a LA get away; who's down.?
hey, thanks for the ff!
thanks for the RT via ...
Have a great weekend!
:
Thanks Roger!
Theory: since Obama spouted same stupid history about RutherfordBHayes as Reagan, said stupid stuff is now professorund
UN officials MUST need eyeglasses since none noticed rockets at their Gaza schoolsYet they all suddenly see IDF
4life i said he need to do that video shit go hard but real S/O Pill4180.4 Life yall check that video out
listening to the stone roses' remastered debut.
top 10 debut album ever?
could be.
Happy Birthday, Jesus!
:
good one.
It took me a few seconds, but I get it now.
it had to be said, lol!
I'm actually doctorading running in the heat
u gotta have kentucky taking it
I've got one DISH Network Tailgater left!
RVers rejoice!
Call New Mexico Satellite Man at 3506428 and buy it.
That would suck
Jason Aldean deserves entertainer of the year.
Sorry Taylor
The Hair of the Belly special is sold out!
Open til 4pm, then back for late night 11pm3am
You're welcome, dear.
Yes, it's my mom.
:
Im done with it all.
There was nothing to be mad over.
I want to go back to being antisocial and never having to talk.
Who wants to ride to the gas station with me I hate pumping my own gas lbvs
I would.
Truly.
But it'll just get changed back, and the editor may think I just didn't know the rule.
I'm tired but I'm going to hazelhill for a haystack.
That's the ticket.
who is Brii ?
aw thank god haha almost had a massive argument with the mom there!
You excited for your birthday yeah?
X
bought out Madison Church Supply's charcoal supply
Yes!
Lol RT : Dear Lord, I want to thank you for cows and charcoal grills.
that is the truth they will keep your business to themselves of they're your true friend
Scatttta as if I had a clutch on a magnum
dude...then how the hell do you tolerate following me..?
it didn't ruin my life but I could have been doing other things
Simpsonizers/Angels we need to SoListen 1 on !
RT so we can get it 1!
Omg I swear everything One Direction says is royalty!
Random fact 2 is his inspiration!
Hey u ain't my mom!:p
what movies should I watch to prepare for my trip to paris?
Why do I keep spending my money on games that end up being a massive disappointment?
Our mental and emotional diets determine our energy level.
Every thought and feeling, no matter how small, impacts our inner energy.
as thankyou I love yours too!
So gorgeous!
my new life goal is to work for a professorssional sports organization no vikes though
My daughter just called me from school crying because she miss me I feel bad I told her u see her n two hours.
I love my spoil daughter
Get it Marlo!
Thanks for RT!
Sessignon world make Luka relief, and he would be fresher now.
is a magician with that rock mane!!!
I think God just said
Well I think it does!
Your favorite color?
do you think the pens will find some goaltending this series?
1984 as moment when wp's are expensive but making their way down tech chain, also mediametonymic here for portal to alt world
Went on a few dates with a girl named Pam.
Didnt stick.
Cab...
Naw we're taking a limo.
let's go spend it somewhere!!!
RT : it's never too late to begin.
Thrilled to have 100 followers.
Thanks for being 100!
An average of four people a year are killed by falling vending machines
Just confirmed two more judges for the Bruin Video Contest  Chelsea Calkins '12 and Cedoctorc Dicker '04!
always and forever :
Omg I seriously love the new show Betty whites off their rockers.
Funniest thing ever
I hate when people say, You're too sensitive.
Hey, jackass, the truth is you're too DISRESPECTFUL!
Word.
Never ask the fucking OBVIOUS if you don't want to get a smart response from me.
How about UKOhio State in Louisville  Cincinnati?
Sitting here at the squad
GUYSS!
I GOT HACKEDD SO U HAVE TO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT C'MON!!!!
PLEASE?!?!??!
praying 4 your grandparents sending all my love
I love The River SDSU peeps!!!
God is awesome n wants you to experience His goodness!!!
EMPOWERED!!!
but I'm just as excited for the show, as soon as I saw the commercial I was like DUDE!!
lmao
Of course : RT : Follow Back?:
You flatter, even if mostly untrue ; Had a blast.
are the Colts looking defense or offense at the top of 3, WR,RB,CB??
Who wants to accompany me on a run in this magnificent weather?
I'm ready for my bday I need to kick it
We will be back ..!
Nerd rap: Math city bitch, math math city bitch, math city bitch, math math city bitch, 10,10,10 and 20 equals 50 bitch.
Goalpost saves are also saves?
Out in dc for the night and where are we going?
A buffalo bills bar.
It's like I never left home ha
Cooking channel has wonderful events for quick and easy dishes.
Emeril
follow back?
:
I will rip your heart out.
We'll be there, rain or shine!
And btw, I wish you'd bring back the U.S.
Open.
Loved that pizza.
WWC is hiring a new Outreach and Membership Coordinator!
real good first cousin.
How's everything?
At Evanston Ethnic Arts Festival.
Great food and music...
And I got some great fairtrade batik clothing!
Singing Mamas don't let your babies grow up to be cowboys
can't wait!
Awesome Northwestern young event for Mardi Gras in Dallas tonight.
Go 'Cats!
I can't yell because of my throat today.
Probably for the best.
I wish i was his first love 3 cause hes definetly mine!!!!!
That voice sounds firmiliar
Grads: Tho it's vital to find a good employer, it's equally vital to find good coworkers, i.e.
ones that date kettle corn vendors.
Veterans: we are not victims, we are not broken, and were a long way from being over it.
I'm surprised you were able to get Gilmour and Waters into the same bed...
:p
: hahaha!
glad you enjoy...truth really is stranger than fiction...
Fa La La is amazing 3 It's my favorite song!
My mom bought herself her own album!
She's a Belieber now :D 2DAYS !
hi evan.
Just letting you know, though I'm a pats fan, the ravens deserved to win and played much better than the pats.
Is it weird that my curly hair is jealous of HowardStern's curly hair?
I don't like you anymore.
Bo
Haha, that was funny
with desii , on her ipod .
Can't you come up with your own tweets or are you just too stupid.
boo frog tonight at plan b bar PDX
Cause in a crowded room I'd be the only one he sees
the only salvation i find is in words and music.
Psyched.
Just changed my seat for return for flt home from ALC12 to row 22 window from row 30 middle.
Only 2 seats open now, both middle.
NO OMG.
LUCKY!
I WAS GONNA BUT THE MEET AND GREET THINGY BUT I HAD NO ONE TO GO WITH /3
Spent a few hours connecting people this morning.
I hope they work out well!
Tomorrow will be my first day off without a show to worry about in a long time
been a ginger my whole life.
Red is fire in bed.
Daily morning jam session ':
no your not your just sayin that cause i be bitching at you for it!!
please go to school for a better
String quartet done...
took longer than I expected but really pleased with how it turned out.
Thanks for the follow have a great Friday!
i know and now his poop will be on the internet lmao
Bar dice.
sadly I don't think so..I'll be there some time in mid December!
We really need to work on our collaboration!

I Thnk i just invented Twitter Yoga!
And Five and a half hour twitter energy doctornk!!!
Million dollars Mill more.
YESS!
Ol' Roy says it was a flop.
For I know the plans I have for u,declares the LORD,plans to prosper u  not to harm u, plans to give u hope  a future.
Jeremiah 29:11
Let's go Hawks!
quote of the night Why do you think I'm so wet right now?!
Protect the QB..,protect the QB...
Thanks for the follow!
Watching Border Wars on TV.
They use a Flir camera from a plane at night to find fugitives.
Now why can't they use this to find a Bigfoot?
Off to Topeka for a weekend of racing.
:
Someone told me my nose was big but I think it was a jealousy thing cause her nose literally goes from one ear to the other.
im about to show yall how hard we go teamAZB get ready to RT
Off to my next client.
Busy afternoon
Why is Maroon 5 so good?
the west baltimore tat says enough!
Congrats from Councilman to  District 2's : tops U.S.
charts w 33M box office!
Some people hear voices..
Some see invisible people..
Others have no imagination whatsoever.
do what u feel is right, sweetheart.
U will make the best decision!
You are far too smart for petty banter.
let's do it.
Getting ready to help out at the fundoctoriser tonight!
Skyzone in Fishers 58pm indy should b a good time!
Does anyone do history pub nights in Honolulu?
know of any?
Do I need start a history night at some bar?
Any ideas?
I'm just about there amber
I hope things get better and if you need to talk I'm here for you anytime
Cut the Chord, Chordless microphone, Umbilical Chord, etc.
Found out the UCLA Career Center has typewriters.
You might want to try there first since ours is really for staff.
I know!
He too fly!
Racist bumper sticker of the day: Don't Blame Me, I Voted For The American
Thank you thank you your far too kind
I am who I am...
I like what I like...
I love what I love...
I do what I want.
Don't ask questions.
why not
Agreed!
MT Id like to commend entire room for putting listen business into practice during ESC session...
really how come i dont see it :??
It's a Beach Bash at the CMC!
Come party w/ the captainin!
25 package includes OPEN Bar and Food Buffet from 37PM!
.that shit had me crying xD
Good thing doesn't count losses until the first home game.
Now Playing...
Licensed to Ill by the Beastie Boys...on shuffle.
Love this album...love them!
RIP MCA...Adam Yauch!
:
just blasted Kanyes Hey Mama
About to get the grill going!
Thank you for your gracious thoughts!
Apparently our status updates from the last 4 days have mysteriously disappeared from Facebook overnight.
Poof!
No.
That is not a typo.
The Mets committed 6 errors last night.
Getting on a conference call, knowing that almost all the participants are watching the news right now...
Twitter app won't load anything.
Guess this is a sign I should go to bed.
Goodnight everyone!!
B3

such a fun, smart, creative bunch cheers to more fun soon!
I know.
I laughed...
sense the tweet.
Anyways, I rather watch teams from the west coast play than the east coast.
Hay how's your green tea
I love Fizzy Family 3 follow me please??
16
Wine Fact: red wines get their color from the the grape skins which are kept with the juice during fermentation.
Ill be there all week
FF the , my favorite team still in the AHL playoffs.
YOU'RE STILL IN IT, BOYS!
will be on Politics Nation discussing
Wrapped up a QA with an Indy 20something with a very successful blog.
What Indy bloggers do you follow?
Suggestions for future professorles?
Love it when random chinese guys play the violin in the middle of the mall
yes I like Scirsca!
i know exactly Whatcha mean!
Awesome mobile guide for SCMS12, official thanks from the SCMS IT committee!
Should I reset the door counters in the morning?
or at night?
um
good night twitter i have to start preparing a surprise birthday party for my grand mother.
sometimes she could be annoying.
but i love her
Bittersweet evening to bid fond farewel and best wishes to a great arts advocate  administrator  so long but not goodbye
Love it!
bollywood from nowhere on nbcsmash risky ...actually ...
it worked!
:
true....
I guess I just need to blow a new bubble!
Fantastic dinner.
I think got a great shot of the table.
Glasses galore!
Amen to that!
RT : CA Senate Comm approves AJR 22, resolution urging Congress to overturn CitizensUnited.
Headed to a full floor vote
The Red Sox just absolutely SUCK!!!!
Are you kidding me?!?!?!
Manage Me, I'm A Mess.
Come backstage of BalminGilead with as we meet , who plays Ernesto.
it's only awkward if you're naked in a hospital gown....
Then you can worry
themomentwhen you sit in a towel because you are too lazy to get clothes on
Did y'all volunteer or donate to any hunger org/cause this season?
Which?
Cubicle nailclipping!
Yuck!
RT : Heavy perfume and scented candles never ok ...
rude office behavior that doctorves you nutty?
i guess what they say is right.
things will never look up until YOU start to look up.
Q3 via : What's the best technique for getting a dorm buddy to stop snoring?
yep I dig!!
I feel I need to go to Disney before summer ....shocking right
Hey, its Phillip Hawkins from Palms VIP for PlayboyMoonghostbar coming to party tonight!Text with how many people coming
Mothers hold their childoctorn's hands for a short while, but their hearts forever.
Author Unknown
people don't ever realize what they had until its gone.
She will regret it, she wasn't worth your time in the end.
Recently I'm torn between a cocktail of sherry and sweet vermouth vs.
a negroni with cynar.
Well looks like mubb has a legit shot at a 2 seed.
hey babee 3 hope you had a good easter!
You love me and I love you, your heart hurts, mine does too
When I googled the images that came up were like those shoes Tim wears with no laces.
Does every city have an Afghani/Pakistani restaurant named Khyber pass?
Is it some sort of governmental requirement?
that's a great question!
I have a highered pinterest board that I add infographics to, it's small but aesthetically appealing.
RT : Who can guess the number of QR codes in the new issue of The Social Media Monthly magazine?
Thx 4 the follow!
You are too cool!
Kyt :j
John Lackey at The Place with performing and The Angels just landed 30 mins ago and they r all filing in...
Whatta Place!!!
Matt Barkley would be clear 3 in this class  much closer to Griffin I and Luck than Weeden...
Had an awesome business lunch today, and discovered a tasty new Chinese food restaurant at the same time : Rice King in Provo  yummy!
where by?
huh?
The Nuggets are on.
The TV in the corner has the Rockies on.
I think the Padoctors lead 21.
What a great time we had last night!!!
Xoxo
can't seem to get the iPad app to open all of a sudden.
Opens for a nanosecond then shuts.
Even deleted and tried again
Listening to Amazing an hoping will follow or tweet me!3 She knows she hot but thats all shes got!3
Sunday brunch at COA!!!
Featuring chilaquiles, tequila french toast, huevos rancheros and other delicious Mexican plates!!!!!!
i am rebelling against christmas cookies and baking banana bread instead.
hi!
sounds good.
let's chat: saskiacinemaspeakeasycom
Fresh baked kale chips, a glass of wine, my man is coming into town and a day off tomorrow, life is GOOD!
Nice.
And 30?
Charge your phone, dude!
MittRomneyFilms : The French Connection
sorry for the late, well like 38434633 day late response but he said no :
can you plzz get some ppl to follow me ..with your total awesomeness and all :D thnx in advance !!
Hi Milena thanks for following us :D xoxo
I love so much!
Horray finished my homework in 6th hour so now I can go home and tan;
Yes sir.
I get back saturday.
Are you done and back in Portland?
I got 8 of those last month.
They're the worst
yeah remember my mom got me tickets for christmas.
were going june 11.
after my bday 
Come watch me on stage then!!
Mocha Cookie Crumble Frap from
lalalalalaaaaa...
training with my vocal coach.
hell yea haha lil dude fallows me around everywhere
: Many idiots believe playing defense is vital to mounting a 25 point comeback.
The lakers know betterJust gotta make baskets!
is anyone aware of a chrome extension that makes addoctorsses clickable to a google maps search?
pulling in
LOVE ironstone!
Today was my first time running with at downtown!
It was an amazing experience Idk why I didn't join sooner!
Why do I feel Deja vu when I'm star gazing?
Oh yeah.......because I'm always stargazing..........
Automobile extended warranties are not worth the added cost.
professort margins for these are as high as 75.
Idk Why But I Just Realized That We Have To Thank God Or Werent In NYC...
On 911
Memphis takin the close game again
School starting tomorrow.
UGH
Mike Green
I wish the MVC, CUSA, and MWC would merge and make an epic non football conference.
Could rival the the power 5, sorry P12, not the power 6.
Get this iPhone game..
Heads Up w/ Cristiano Ronaldo.
L.O.V.E, Listen Observe Value  Enjoy!
ThingsILookFor clean socks
i hate when people choose sides .
doctornking stop in
Sometimes, giving someone a second chance is like giving them an extra bullet for their gun, because they missed you the first time
It's never too late!
We are getting people asking for the Carlos Cut I have to say, you only get that by spending more time in the gymo:
If all goes well, I'll make my talk radio debut with a brief interview on the Marshall Ramsey show tomorrow at 3:00.
Wish me luck!
Bahaha I'm way to old
Do I really hate traveling?
Am I so boring?
WhenAGuy Hugs You From Behind Your Waist 3
I had Giants.
Just sad the Ravens didn't win I am not a huge fan of the Pats!
honestly, I'd wait until the morning or something.
It's pretty creepy.
Petition being set up to get lfd3 to reconsider not staffing station 35...they had an opportunity to be innovative but passed
Today is finally over.
Thank god for that.
I am beyond burned out and stressed out.
I am at a loss.
If you are arriving today or early tomorrow you may want to signup for one of the workshops that run Friday AM.
They are always great.
I see BIG MONEY in my near future
awesome!
Can't wait to hear how it goes
thanks for clearing that up.
never knew what the h that was about.
great quote FollowBack :
Clinton, who won't face Congress on KXL, said she's sending an assistant who actually knows something about this issue in great depth.
those are always a good combo while blading
Met a guy in owensboro who had heard of ben davis.
What a small world.
bdnation yeah I said it haha
RT : If I've gone this long without ever seeing The Little Mermaid, should I just keep not seeing it?
Welcome my New followers Thanks for the follow i just Follow back everyone!!!!1
I'm glad your feeling better from this morning and I admire you and love to meet you
So, yes.
I'd say not paying to have me flown out was a major missed opportunity on the part of
MT W/Lucy Friedman  talking 2 about work in
people watching in front of the NYC Library
we're all just a bunch of Easter people living in a good Friday world
Rams now have 3 picks in the top 40 this year and two 1st rd picks the next 2 years.
And only moved back 4 spots!
u must be at the gym or is this your job.....lol
Thx!
RT : At , strongly recommends to journalists  news orgs.
8675309 remember that song?

Troubleshooter at Lafayette Bart!
:
I miss real food
Playing like champ
No, revising sucks.1st doctorfts are a doctoram.
Revision is one of the exquisite pleasures of writing.
Bernard Malamud
What are you trying to learn from these strollerpushers?
Thanks, Kelly.
Version in Sunday UT has more info; that's one of his pieces, but he did it at request of photographer.
ha!
And I've been Fabulous!
: how you been?
Imy too!
Thanks for the RT.
Hope you enjoy Zumba!
Michael Jackson would have turned 53 today.
I'm still sad that he's gone.
Wow...Your guy really blew it in his bizarre and hyperbolic attack on the Judiciary...Better walk that one back quick!
The wheels are turning...
I wish I could show you, When you are lonely or in darkness, The astonishing light of your own being.
Hafiz
I look forward to the day when social media isn't a panacea or a sign of impending Apocalypse.
Potential for good, evil  being ignored.
don't be wishy washy.
which would you prefer?
Thanks for the follow Ginger!:
Thanks for being the board member who retweets us the most!
I want to go to the beach.3
sounds like a great topic.
good luck!
Summer Billboards in SanDiego are almost SoldOut If you want one speak now or forever hold your peace :
Say somethin' if you're feeling the vibe..3
at a mugnite fundoctoriser and cocaine is on
My sister just told me she's preggo like the sauce....
And her baby is a ninja.
lolwut?
Hunger Games was really good
plus I have my work/client accounts that I spend a lot of time with those communities, so I follow 2,000 on each of them as well
I kno right strong question bruh
shoutout to all the bitches at doctorkes concert.
::
Hanging w for his bday.
Working on the menu for our charity pig n beer dinner.
I need a doctornk.
Sex on the beach will do!
Knocking things out  looking forward to the artrageous restaurant crawl on Tues.
on See you there!?
my first gslislibraryschool buddy  thanks for being such a good big sister mentor in this world of libraryamazingness
Gotta be a
Brushing up on the talk for Thursday?
Looking forward to it.
Thanks a lot John!
id like to think that lol
We've been blessed with beautiful weatherwhich is a big help when you're getting roofing estimates.
These folks really tryna guess each others middle name
YES!
, now you have to go.
The band knows about you.
Thank you to all my mermaid fans for following me...
this is awesome thank you thank you!!!
: 
A great way to end the weekend?
Seeing in concert 
powder puff girls, unite.
Best Mothers Day card so far Mom, Thanks for putting up with all of our shit.
We adore you.
We appreciate honesty in the flower business.
Today's CovertTU word: THROWAWAY  an agent considered expendable.
Don't worry.
There are no throwaways at The Safe House.
Hey pal when are you out in Northern California next.
We got to link up.
Holla at your boy
Won big pot!
Up 2 12k
Why??
and btw you're NEVER happy...all your posts are so depressing cheer up buttercup :

it's going to be a cool event.
We're excited to be there.
Buy Screen Guard for Sony Xperia Arc 8.95
TwSIG Positive and negative uses of Twitter in teaching.
There will be links to references on the website.
I know, Welcome to Florida
I love this guy He's good friend :.
Follow !!!
Hurry
who should I bring my kids to to see the dentist??
David is clamoring, which is bizarre but so like him :
get set!
Ready!
Go!
Lol goofy!
: And tomatoes gone tomate.
The 1,000 person i'm following is , great person for the 1k
Yeah but he didn't pick up
thank you.
:
The Blind Side is on and i'm going to be crying my eyes out
what are you wanting to put on the site?
I'm a bit confused
haha i do when i want to.
thats the whole fun of it
hi lol playing on twitter
get2philly clap.clap.
clap clap clap
In the mood to watch entire Angels in America tonight.
Did not bring on trip, though.
I'm just glad I was able to pull through today.
GottaKeepSmilingThroughThePain!:
Nice to see the Red Sox are letting the Yankees enjoy whacking the shit out of the ball on Fenway's 100th Bday.
epay Extends PINonReceipt Business to Xbox LIVE :: Bank ...
yeah: are you?
Great im locked out of my house and my phone died and Im freezing please make this better by tweeting me?:'
Parents at BedStuy's ABCD school are already lining up to protest the school's potential closing.
DOE set to arrive for a meeting soon.
WordPress Tools Akismet  Antispam plugin from the creators of WordPress that uses a central database of spam comments to identify spam.
you bet!
I look forward to discussing it as I'm nearly finished :
turn it up.
Girl you are crazy c: I hate those pictures of me  my brother btw  lol.
Have you seen the trailer?!
It's amazing.
Some are on Twitter but they use it for I had X for lunch or 2 follow Kim Kardashian mostly
Big shout out to for generously donating yummies for Healthy Kids Day on April 28.
Here's to healthy partnerships!
Oh yeah, I'm officially tweeting now!
We Gone Have A Ball!
Aye Know Imma Be In The World,
Next Saturday Frank Robinson game?
u wanna go to the set with  i ?
Shop Diamonds  Pearls Couture
Someone needs to seriously look into opening a store in NYC!
So many of us are transplants and miss our Chickfila!
Dodgers fall to the Rockies today in the bottom of the 9th.
Final score: 85.
That's cool Me and had an awesome lunch....
and by killing I mean in a good way
CONGRAT'S to you and the ST crew Liz!
I see you my dude.
Trust
congrats and good luck!
oh I have my ticket as of TODAY and will be in NYC 23rd25th
So John Hammond can go to Portland for twice the money.
I wish I didn't feel this franchise was constantly sinking
The final of the Rose of Tralee is on!
Super!
Thanks man!!
Lakeshow!!!
Good job purple and gold!!!
LA ALL DAY!!
:
the history nerd in me is so happy you're on Twitter!
if you're following me...
please follow it will mean a lot...thank you for your time
trust me when I say I need a new twitter name
Will U follow?????
I love the taste of orange juice right after i brush my teeth...
Not content with being an expert merely on things you can and cannot touch, MC Hammer has launched an Internet search engine...
Technology seems to be getting more easier and complicated at the same time!
UD can revise the...multimodal concept of design by explicitly including attention to accessibility and dis/abilityShannon Walters
NowPlaying C.R.E.A.M 
2 Never be examined or authorized with other patients in a group setting.
Your consultation and exam should be private and alone.
np thank u : hope u r doing well as well!
Will Ferrell is on Jimmy Fallon
when you go an outdoor school and it's raining outside  
Alright I'll let you know boo
Haha!
what's a bedoctorom bully?
I'm good!!
Can You Explain Why You And Devin Are In Payton Rae's 'Dare To Live' Music Video, Please!?
:
.: what kind of cheese are you eating?
me: burrito cheese.
that is what I told Nick, but he insisted on getting pink eye!
When will your app cover San Francisco?
haha the makeup tweet makes me laugh.
You know I love makeup so much!!
not yet, I will tonight!
I have to now, you made the effort to tweet it
Nice!
Thx for the repeat!
RT : Just saw First Date at again.
SO GOOD.
I guess it's a sign I'm getting old that I even care :
This Coyotes Stars game has been out of control.
Great goals, saves, hits.
It's that time of year.
Can't wait for the
I hate you!!!
Next time, I'm going to food poison you.
Thanks XP...I really Appreciate the Follow.
Thank you for the awesome piece on DomesticDisobedience in !
See u there 3/15 from 59pm.
is stubhub legit?
30 min left glad don't nobody Gotta release man
Its so cold in my house :c time to cuddle up in my bed with some music and keep myself warm.
Damn Skippy !
: RT : Nobody puts Anjanette in the corner!
Whereas, Philip Glass's Music in 5ths highlights the tedium and monotony of cleaning.
Next track please, Spotify.
I am having trouble sending DMs from the web, but I would like to welcome and thank my new followers.
I look forward to hearing from you.
My messages here are my complaint.
File accordingly.
Running tip: Do not bounce.
Don't let your foot get ahead of your knee.
Run from the hips down with the upper body straight w/ balance.
Call my husband after work...No answer...He sends me a text 5 minutes later...Sorry, I was talking to Shakira!
Whn you need a cab/car service, we have you covered Seattle!
Cars near you right now!
Low waits, low rates.7227696 24/7
you to
Bout to hop on this homework, then back to the track...
Hi  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
I love Russian River and many Sonoma wines!
it was great hanging out last night at FOSS4GNA dim sum!
Might take you up on offer to check out the office next time in Philly.
Even toenails can be broken hearted.
What we don't see won't hurt us!
You get a pass regardless!
Thanks, Twitter spammer, but I've already taken the chance to become my own boss.
remember, I act pretty good.
All your words.
You put them in my mouth.
She's a crafty one Honorary Breast Cancer Survivor is on with this morning!
Seriously, what the fuck is up with people writing though  the end of sentences?
That shit makes you look even more illiterate.
All the rachet mfs in Englewood out today!
This heat, I tell you.
19th Annual Pool Toss!
Your girl might just be a tech genius!
Finally figured out how to get this andoctorid back on and working again!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
It's a beautiful night out tonight
Just found out I have more cuts on my hands than I thought.
Thanks paint thinner!
Welcome new followers!
u know u wanna play wit me dats yo problem twitter after dark
proud of you :
Go Giants!!!
RT : just got the grill fired up letsgogiants !!!
Did you know Today is Baretta Day, marking debut of the CBSTV series on this date in 1975.
It starred Robert Blake  Fred, the cockatoo
No worries will update you on convo
Join the Queen Esther Speaks FB page.
We Tweet on twitter.
We go deeper on FB.
Don't be left out of the BUDULU Movement
Thank you so much for your kind support.
I hope you will join us that weekend.
hmm we are at 281 followers...we have to start brainstorming what we could do to celebrate hitting 300 :P
Thankx so much will definitely check that out...
who would I need to get with about more service after that?
SO in love.
I hate that instant isn't available on the ps3!
Sunday mornin' in a movie theater
ill do it
great seeing you last night.
Had an awesome time.
Could go look for a theater's that playing Avengers, but it can wait.
Going back to the beach for a sunset walk.
I say go for it.
Cuddling is always nice
Very cool night honoring 65 years of Cops Helping Kids.
Keep up the great work,
It is such a beautiful day but I will never get my brother out of the house.
its ok.
At least we will be accepted
nope....Friday and next Thursday!
It takes a lot of time  a lot of damage for a person to figure out how big  how durable of a wall they have to put up.
Just got a fresh cut yesterday!
Feeling sharp!
Thanks!
Nice to hear from you!
I want a time machine.

As my great uncle, Lucius Puryear, would say I'm full as a fool.
lol...
well I'm glad you enjoyed yourself...
Going rolling blading this weekend with
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA that's so funny.
I'm doing okay, but need to run edits on my story.
what about cam artay?
and can I have  tomorrow?
Yeah, okay thanks
: I think that's the right call.
It was not an excessive swing of the elbow.
Agreed.
Call is getting out if hand
I NEED MY D!CK STROKED
I've discovered that my new favorite snack is dinner rolls with a small amt of yellow mustard in them.
WOW are they good.
Want some input on your ePortfolio?
Send us a link to your Pathbrite ePortfolio and we'll recommend some ways to stand out from the crowd!
I will give my best today to my coaching clients  the entire staff at the City Club of Buckhead in their communication training later today
Still early.
What does that mean?
Prentiss is leaving the show!
looking for a job?
Check out
Keynote spellcheck keeps changing editability to edibility.
I almost didn't catch it.
Maybe more entrtaining with it...
you guys are equal : haha
Again: open resources in teaching are linked to open access in publishing and other scholarship
slight work light work
So thrilled to see your column today!
Thanks for giving and me a shoutout.
Have an event or holiday party approaching?
Need a caterer?
LiLLiES dc is also a full service offsite caterer Contact us today!
Dinner, watched the Shore and now time to chill I'm tired af
BIG NEWS to be revealed on MONDAY!!
Go into the world.
Go everywhere  announce the Message of God's good news to one  all.
Mark16:15 MSG
Harry Potter: the most interesting thing about the studio tour?: The magic of the Harry Potter Studio Tour is as..
Woah!
Christmas just exploded near Andi!
andypoll: I didn't know they still had libraries with like the internet and everything.
Len Kasper: That ball ate Tyler Green alive.
Scorekeeper rules it a base hit for Soriano.
Consecutive walkoff wins for the CUBSStl.
Seeing the Mo Williams missed transition pull up 3 is like seeing an old friend again.
On my way to Israel and Palestine for three weeks.
Im very open for suggestions.
Be in tel aviv, jerusalem, west bank..
happy Hump day!
Have a pleasant  productive day!
that was so sick
CINCO DE MAYO!
There is a loftier ambition than merely to stand high in the world.
It is to stoop down and lift mankind a little higher Henry Van Dyke
Happy to have Stone Mart of 2249 Westbrooke doctor Columbus, OH 5270257 as a new distributor of Supreme Surface Cleaners.
Yes, I do!
fine, gosh, I will!3 happy?
Lime green life explodes from dormant tendoctorls; sweet rain refreshes parched land; fragrant blossom promises abundant fertility  spring.
I will definitely be you gay best friend!!
so jealous!!
Don't buy the shittiest, buy the cheapest :
Baby that's love and there ain't no stoppin' it.
I know!
But all my girls have dates...
That awful moment when your shower turns cold right in the middle of shampooing
wow thats a really nice valentine's day present!
Seems like the second half is twice as long as the first!
I'm in French immersion!
:
waiting on that cute good night text since I ran out of wine .
BMW...BRING.MY.WALLET...lmao!!!
sometimes, send me what you have.
Just read your beautiful Chronicle piece.
SO excited and humbled that I will get to be a part of next year.
agreed position in the lineup doesn't matter much.
I coul of phrased the question better..who would be in your lineup?
yeah i've still got tweet limit on the other account
fending off the hungry masses to hold your spot.
You close?
He looks a lot like the Priceline guy.
Saturday I'm getting my piercing I'm scared, when I got my nose pierced it hurted for 2weeks str8 I hope this one don't.
If you have music to share, mention us!
Although I love irony, I hate ironic situations
well I don't know what things are secrets and what things aren't!
Like the new look, keep up the great work!
hair is just about , DONE !
finally 3
Calculus is doctorving us all insane.
busy busy planning Homecoming 2011!
Will you be there?
October 2123!
A Lady Should Be Two Things; Classy  Fabulous
: i love you too guys!
I love you more
Now registering for Aerial Basics and Pole Fitness classes for September.
Email or call for info!!!
we were there outside at 7 pm
lmao, honestly I don't even care anymore.
Rangers just have to get better starting pitching.
I heart Adele!
61,862,052 passengers passed through our airport last year, up 4.7 from 2010...up, up and away :
Are you on Facebook?
check out the many Peabody pages  join!
especially our friends over at !
Another shocker was that Kentucky lost to Vanderbilt, now I never saw that coming.
I guess that's why they call it MarchMadness!
well why not?
; ha, gotta love twitter.
I'm pissed fire the coachin yall got beat by a limping quaterback who refused to leave because he knew he could still beat u
Just read the Chronicle piece..any plans to add any Austin dates in the near future?
Would love to see you live.
.
Some ppl just don't seem 2 get it!
When I say stuff its out of LOVE not b/c I don't like who u with.
But u gotta open ya eyes!
hope it rains this week :
100 correct : If Ubaldo is as bad tomorrow as he was in his last start,ugotta make up an injuryshelve the guy for 15 days
RT : Kobe had no prenup ???
Wow!
Ouch!
Ouch is right!!
Coming together is a beginning.
Keeping together is progress.
Working together is success.
Henry Ford
30 of web traffic coming from
its quitting time!!!!

I'm following...DM me or email me
us too!!!
Let's all get together
I Told You How You Hurt Me Baby , But You Dont Care.
Now Im Crying  Deserted Baby , But You Dont Care
1personontwitteriwanttomeet my babe ; 
Oh...
Tonight shall be entertaining 
Look and you will find it  what is unsought will go undetected.
Sophocles
Dont have numbers in front of me, but I think Minny still has more conference titles, NCAA appearances.
Either way, its close
Scientists disagree with each other.
Writers do too.
Guess what?
It's great, and it's allowed!
Knowledge gets created.
Twitter is dead
We just finished a gig at the East River Park Bandshell in NYC.
Nothing beats playing outside in New York overlooking the River.
: Still seems wrong...
Me plus public holidays plus public doctornking equals a bad idea.
RT : She bears you nine months.
She bears with you the rest of her life.
but if you allow someone to use your property without enforcing your rights to it, don't you lose your rights?
cc:
Thank you and sure you can.
He could've of used another year to boost his image and marketability.
Re: Austin Rivers going pro
your song Herion Bomb is freakin Hot!!!
Wow Michigan deserved that win
Did you know that our salsa bar has over 10 types of amazing, fresh salsas?
How hot can YOU handle?
Surgery really makes you exhausted!
:
This week's tasting is find the Organic wine!
We are testing your raw skills.
2 off for all who can find the 1 Organic wine.
Good luck!
Thank you so much Miriam!
I'm about to add ther!
:
Bitch give me a position I have to learn like 5 positions
was the chat room that bad?
Smh
My motherinlaw introduced me to a great New England tradition yesterday: the Jubilee Roll, a Christmasy ice cream log cake.
Nom.
darn, if i wasn't heading downtown i'd go across the street to say hi
s/o to hamilton seniors had lil swagg last nite CLASS
really?
What sorts of interviews?
Come on down to ZOOAMP would love to have you!
I'm hoping she can help, too...
Big Google Is Watching You
Run is done.
Awesome bean soup for lunch.
Fat Tire in the fridge.
It's Game Day.
i'm coming up to show you wrong!
You are correct.My bad MT : Anytime you say something for all patients it's already off target
doctorving a brutal pace on the front.
Grrr.
Go Jens!
I've eaten two breakfast sandwiches today.
Neither was for breakfast.
To take a break, think like a kid  Towerlight
Oh and I also called him do he was worried, insurance makes you not yell at each other haha but still........
It's almost time to EXPERIENCE the Fazzino RIDE!
Why would you even say that?
U have a beautiful day as well, U dancing queen.
Lol Xo :
Like who told your MF ass that coming out of the house with geek glasses and mixed matched sox was cute FUCKING NOBODY BITCH
Checking in at the Jazz Loft at These cats are serious about jazz!
Real experimental for the first set.
Ah, my team is the Ravens, love Michael Oher, he's an inspiration but yeah, I'll be rooting for Giants tonight.
Haven't talked to OOMF in a minute
haha Ik we did!
Emily you swim there tomorrow!!!!
Are you going to morning?
Dont you love perks:
Thanks ma'am!!
I've been keeping up with you through Sharon.
Think of you often!!
DM ya email bro
Maybe its time to do some shopping
Am I the only one who has the urge to go to The Avengers and shout WHERE THE HELL IS EMMA PEEL?
practice at 8am is really throwing of my sleep schedule for this break...
Without quality time, your relationship will not survive.
So, Donna.
How u Doin?
Haha.
Jus playin.
I hope you had a nice weekend.
lol : Ugly :, big head, and punk are flirting words
has been announced a Vezina finalist.
Of this I never had ANY doubt!
Thanks for coming in today misterMayor!
Yeah!!
Just got booked for a runway gig this month!

turned out it was an out of date version of chrome that was freaking out.
upgraded and it worked fine.
thanks!
Can I call you Patrick?
Only if you'll be my sponge bob.
Do they have butt sex?
Yupp.
I'm in
Caldwell RT : So if Caldwall doesn't open the door I'm going to second lunch!
I just have the best friends they care about me so much...
If only this was true
So what have you guys been up to today?
Jeff you will live on forever in our memories
oh what an ucky story.
Don't know that dog.
Just awful all the way around.
TOLD YA BRO HA
girlbyenotwiththem matted ass clipon pony tails on the doctorsser
Injured and sick; this is the game that says a lot about a team.
Bulls vs.Jazz Bulls
Summertime and the living is easy.
Thanks!
Hope so.
Fuck UPS!
My package should've been here by now.
we're bout to get buck wild w/ and make a new album in 2012
S/O to Panama City's Finest!
Fleet Week is setting off car alarms in the Lower Haight.
Me an orderding pizza at 12:40 in the morning WhereThey Do That At
Why you say that Stranger?
RT YEARS ON FUN HAS OFFICIALLY COME TO AN END
If I was I dinosaur i'd be a licalotapus!
About To Put On The Headphones, Music Is Deff My Life .
;
Hush puppies 3 ugh
you could always go lesbian becuase that is me ina nut shell
No one says you have to stay on for hours and hours on end....
START YOUR MORNING WITH,CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO,ON YA LAPTOP,ARE ON YA ANdoctorID  TUNE IN RADIO ,WE CRUNK LETS GO
I mean I laughed :
Lets get us some more followers: shoout outs.!
miss you two more 3
I have that Funwe are young joint stuck in my head for the past 2 days.
uno momento por favor...processing video.
Stay tuned and stay hard!
I use ellipses quite often but they don't really mean much...most of the time...
it is not distraction, it is called ...
creativity
Hope you know I'd do anything for you,
what I miss??
Yes it Do in my Book.Where is your Jersey?
I think jersey shore should be called jerseys whores
Just saw sing 'How To Save A Life' on YouTube : Outstanding babe :D
I have totally done that like all the time LOL so I can understand!
I love them all!
I'll have to have the ham and cheese again soon.
Sorry for the slow response.
Been away for a bit.
Is your client looking to buy or rent in Belltown?
Pickle the beast
Thank Chrissie, the shoot was wonderful!
Yesterday On The To The Doctors My Ma Said To This Lady If You Honk Yo' Horn At Me One Mo' Gin Imma Do Some Damage She Thinks She's A Thug
listening to that new gucci mane mixtape
this is going to be a great day !!!!
Go Dodgers!!!
:DD
I'm in SF this weekend!
Then back to Seattle.
Happy
you've got some great lists sir!
that WSHH debut is killin em!
You the logo for mixed right genes
Direct engagement new news value mad social
Madison County or bust!
then zoo tonight!
Starbucks with :
Very fast response, you.
Thanks.
OMG me to.
In desperate need of retail therapy but im a broke mothafucka
I just finished a 10.0 mi run with a time of 1:37:18 with Nike GPS.
LOL I just died it does
Yes.
It will also be accompanied by the signing of a Red Cross CPR dummy as his replacement.
Legless but better.
Your honesty just broke the Internet.
RT I love Los Angeles!
And the people!
it's a game
The greatest aspiration we have for our coffee is for you to connect with someone over a cup of it.
Enjoy your day, and those you hold near.
A totally mixed bag for FF  foodies and museum folk:
you talk that talk but if you cant prove me wrong...
you ain't bout shit!!!!
THE END!!
Good morning to you.
dude thats so awkward.
:P
RT BREAKING: Amazon to close 50 of their Best Buy electronics showrooms.
I am so money now!
we'll see what happens.
I'm more afraid for my D cuz of
Give it to me!
she said, I'm so fucking wet, give it to me right now!
Fuck you, it's my umbrella!
.
facepalm Fantastic.
Florida finds a new way to embarrass itself everyday.
I blame all the transplants from other states lol.
he tripping
HOPE U START FILLING BETTER JADEN GET WELL
not that rebel again
Thanks for sharing, always looking for good blogs and insprations, your store looks great btw!
yes!
The question is are you groomed for it?
like wise RT: Just had the most meaningful conversation with !
I don't owe you anything.
lmao that's some fat stuff lol
sunday morning sinatra is back on next door.
it's summer!
It doesn't speak highly of the quality of the tacos if you have to change your pants after eating them.
Have some fresh and delish veggie lasagna misters with your names on them...
oh haha my bad I swear this girl that looks exactly like you and trains bjj now at cobra Kai when I rolled there for a little and
So I thought I didn't want to go to lolla BUT I'm looking at the list again and I WANT to go!!
Anywhoo..
Bed time here in Oklahoma.
I had 3 great readings this weekend.
Love doing what I do.
And I'll stop calling every weekend as Kermit the Frog :P
My 7 yr old son jus sed i have the gun that goes ddddddttttt, lets go, yea i know my guns really well lmao
Starving right now
She is what the boys call a slut, which is a terrible thing to say about a person that just died.
My Life Should Be Over any second now
huh !
...and i didnt get an invitation...
!!
rt Jack Daniels on a Sunday night it'd be rude not to
Why don't free tv music shows play Taylor Swift music videos??
It really bothers me!!
camera guy was trying not to spill his beer : Camera work pretty shoddy so far, no?
I used to be a fucking midget like
you still have all those doctorwings I gave you?
Varus is fun!
:D
Thanks to everyone who participated in our 2009 International Conference in Indiana  it was a huge success!
Join us next year in Va Beach!
Mobile phones account for 1520 of email opens.
Readers less likely to click through, take action, or donate.
wha?
RT : : cbs13 exclusive maloofs hire exFBI agent to investigate Sacramento business leaders.
DOES ANYONE WANTS TO ASK ME ANY QUESTIONS?
NO, OKAY FINE.
I SEE HOW IT IS...ASHLEY
i LOVE naps.
they are one of the greatest things ever created.
party at the moment ..
Traffic was horrible!!
RT About To Go Back To The Hotel...
Finish My Panda Express  Go To Sleep!!!
ExhaustedTweet panda express whoo whoo!!!
rockin out to nickelback in the car with for assistantopinionretreat round 2
I found the cutest little pink polkadotted armchair.
Now my apt has furniture other than my bed!
Yes, there is an oral fairytale tradition in the United States.
No, it is neither obscure nor unpopular.
FTs do cross water.
listening to DanceUntilTomorrow OMG Kills me with his voice!!!
In this song woah u just blew my mind again!!
3
not weird proper I think since young ones also listen to your show
All power moves this year lets get it
Thank you for following me
Today ends in y which means I can ask again how I'm gonna liberate my content from and export to other services as promised.
but it will probably be cause I'll miss everyone.
On outdoor couch w/bubbly at on SoBe party.
coworkers having fun at canoeproject party
I need to be more cautious while cleaning the stove and touching the metal sink.
Fuck being electrocuted 
Great.
Text me when you get to next Monday.
I'll inquire about another time for M!
iwish would start tweeting again, because..
hemakesmesmile 
Why is everyone sleeping ..
I needa get to live with me :3
Subway then school.
Today's French elections will result in a general runoff between Sarkozy and Hollande next month...
The Cheesecake Factory has a menu that's 21 pages long.
So why can't I find anything to order?
Talk about a great Hanukkah gift for NFL  Lions clinch their 1st playoff berth since 1999 with win vs.
Chargers
RT I swear this girl mama on 16 and Pregnant ignorant
I'm your model 3;
Hiraldo Rivera is officially voted off the island and sent packing with a hoodie.
I don't like AngelsAndGentlemen.
I LOVE IT!
Want to talk to ya about golfing in Bo Jackson's Celeb charity golf tourn in Chicago.
My email is .
And so it starts
eeew!
Dipping dots are the freezer burned ice cream rejects.
Only 2nd or 3rd?
I say it would be THE best.
RT : You know what'd be the 2nd or 3rd best morning show ever?
Reruns of Yo!
MTV Raps.
Welcome back captainin Jack!
hah I know man
Wear a watch and you'll always know what time it is.
Wear two watches and you'll never be sure.
Tht Brisk Fruit Punch is da truth!!!.
VELVET PAVILIONS, South Asian fiction, who's lived in SA, everyone lives everywhere.
south asian baggage just clings no matter where you go.
I tryn hoste one of your mixtapes.
Get at me Lo
O: loser?
hahah
your best tweet ever
Fantasy Baseball doctorft...
war using wet tortillas to wash car windows for money
Ok, kids: the AllisonCatalogs account has been eaten alive.
This is the new home of Miss Allison's Little Whims.
Taurus bishhhh our season
Randy: What if we had an RD division for the curriculum?
Thanks for the retweet!
We're on north side of 24th street on west campus, between Pearl and San Gabriel...
come on by, hot or iced and ready to serve!
I love you  dylanobrien
Obsessed with of the perfect boyfriend blazer.
I like the idea of a white boyfriend blazer, white tank underneath  dark denim.
Need!!!
Just ran into the dudes from Super cool guys with a great product.
They are much Greater Than all other sports bevs.
Ask
x is worth merely 8 points but its potential is so much higher.
hard not to chain multiple words off of it.
Seattle took part in the challenge, so why not make a stop here for the tour?
: x
Getting ready for a cook off?
Rush Custom Printed Aprons at NYC Printing 123.
Fast and easy printed Aprons to fit your culinary event....
If yr Saturday plans are in Soho stop by 385 Broadway and say hello!
he screaming commercial makes me change the channel.
Come visit us sometime Gen!
I understand, no worries.
Shoot me txt in a few weeks to catch up for a HH
I wonder when swtor is gonna add new planets for level 50 characters.
Need more content for level 50's too
thanks for the follow.
Hope you are having a great Monday.
Really enjoying tha movies on amc today
totally don't mean to be rude but Pope's Xmas sermon TOTALLY sounds scarily like Hitler on quaaludes.
Err..
Don't ask how I know.
AprilInTheD makes me happy...
:
Extra innings on the way as Blinn and Galveston are tied at 1
dude thats awesome!!!
The days you work are the best days.
Georgia OKeefe...Do you love your work?
coffee meeting with the fantastic Michael Roderick at 12, 6 PM  9 PM meetings  sheesh!
Late night o' meetings!
So, Kim Murphy doesn't believe I can still do a back bend.
I will work on getting proof.
Use it or lose it, right?!
Please let me know what you think of the Spotlight show, Erin!
And what are you in/working on now?
If there were ever an idol finalist from Manhattan and they did the whole Homecoming parade, no one would go and the city would be annoyed.
in the studio working on new tunes
why on earth is blasting the A/C full blast?
It's cold outside; I am dying here.
This is not helping me not feel under the weather.
I want to sing just like When I grow up haha....
gosh is he amazing!
Was wondering...
When was the last time you really participated in democracy?
At jamba juice .....getting a strawberry.
Energizer ...
missing my kids trying to entertain myself until tomorrow ...
it is with her being violent I'm the only one she's nice to ;;
Happy Mother's Day 2 All The Lovely Mother's out in the World.
Hope you have a wonderful day.
sounds like a plan
Let us know if you need cowriters, Ball is in your court!
I miss Andoctorw so much 
Area Humor Publication is World39;s Greatest  The Alcalde
rememberwhen u would try to stay up all night for xmas
:'c seeing elder miltary veterans makes me cry.
Hoodie over jacket over thermal.
okay baby 3
ap gov exam today
I expected to have more followers.
House of the Rising Sun.
I second this!
realtalk RT : Hey, Apple?
Paste and Match Style should be the default.
I never don't want that.
Question: what about situations where a small group has power over a larger group?
I'll never have my phone out in class ever again..
exactly.
We're so lucky to have them in town.
They rock.
just keep spreading the word about us and we will come to you!
I wanna give someone something special for Valintines day :
you're absolutely right.
BUT we only get our tshirts from our wholesale parent company and they don't have the license for it.
Felt so good playing lax
MINIMUM X MAXIMUM
brb buying grease proof USPS boxes
I sit on other people's cars
Smile, don't cry
Try Grumpy Goat by or Burning Melange by Cheese or Grand Cru Gruyere Surchoix by
Happy seminude archery day, everyone!
Time to play my favorite game: how much chocolate can I chomp today?
I must confess, I still can't do word problems or make class presentations.
And I graduated already lol.
So what are you doing with the rest of your Saturday?
You should stop by 6320 Winchester Rd Memphis for a makeover
Please tell me there's a PR opportunity for this client  or some crazy experiential marketing.
I have DINOSIZED IDEAS.
i been ok...it's been long
when you say something that is bad, YouNeedToShutUp!
RT : Don Cherry on Torres: He's almost a poster boy of how not to play the game.
Exciting!
Congratulations!
is looking for Twitter friend recommendations....
anyone in marketing?
denver?
business grad school?
thank you for getting the word out about Speak Up for Future Teachers!
We greatly appreciate the support!
Did you get a goodie bag or hang out in our VIP?
no i didnt an nope
I feel like cooking now.
Thanks
ask them tool!!!
Your CSS 3D project is fantastic.
Great work!
Let's run away  , just me and you , I'll be by your side when the day's done and through .
Something funny I posted a video with a song woophas, and I dedicated to Twitters I did not know what it meant, Thought it was like candy...
I'm sure it's killing Rich Waltz that he has to call this game down the middle and has to get excited for the Mets.
Why spend your day fighting traffic to UVA.
Come to Scottsville!
Find us at 125 Fleet Street with truly local produce and master crafts.
do it big tonight!
congrats on the awesome job : huge things are happening this year already
ESPN  CYA.
Got Basketball report WRONG.
Doesn't WCC watch the Bachelor religiously?
The Great American Songbook Initiative is busy these days 2012 high school vocal competition coming up AND the launch of the Hall of Fame
Please send your questions.
We will definitely see what we can do.
My love for you is a journey Starting at forever, And ending at never.
check out www.youtube.com/kidsiview harry potter
man!
Take care out there!
Beginning to wonder if it's worth all of it...
please please please please : i love you
Re two anniversaries last weekend.
When you heard Leonardo, did you think Titantic or daVinci?
Is your glass half empty or half full?
S/O she badder then 3 year old in her WSHH Candy vid
that sucks find something to do then, i miss you btw 
Just FYI  that's a fake Matusz account
Hey girl, I miss you, good to hear from you, i'm coming home next monthlet's get together!
she was on disney.
nuff said.
April 2010: SD without La Jolla would be like the Padoctors without Adoctoran Gonzalez.
Wed have one less big bat.
Dec 2010: Adoctoran to Red Sox.
Bored in study hall.
I'm thinking new YouTube cover tonight?:
Of course I respect woman!
This one time, this girl had huge tits, and I respected that!
Indianapolis,In
Man should forget his anger before he lies down to sleep
just saw the webcast!
Was a great show!
Enjoyed learning about ur line of cosmetics!
:
I'm a fan of the 45 min meeting.
I might want to get to sleep because I know that when I wake up early in the morning I'm gonna be tired as fuck goodnight twitter
Wow.
That was quick.
And awesome.
I would like to know who taught Tim Tebow how to throw a football...
Is it just my own personal bubble, or are archives the redheaded stepchild of DH tech discussion?
musetech works very well for archives
All I can do is just pray that you will be okay3
we are in search for a GAS weed wacker...anyone?
Your free, open source research software isn't outofthebox suitable to my commercial forprofessort needs!
Wah!
via Josh S.
I hope feels better
The SIIA CODiE Awards recognize excellence in the business software, digital content, and education technology industries.
So if Jesus never said anything against being gay where the frick do these religious nuts get off acting like he did?
You sounded great and the two of you rocked that song!
we are about to embark on a 'round the world video shoot for our client alliance laundoctor systems!
stay tuned...
virgin is the sh!t.
Though those peanuts cost like 10 bucks
: More reports: Junior Seau has reportedly committed suicide...
Chargers
Happy or scary Friday the 13
How can you reassure someone something while at the same time reassure yourself?
Oklahoma tomorrow?
zumba friday?
throw in
Heading to FantasticFest this weekend?
Look for 's 'Acid Reflux' bumper, filmed at our film's central location!
i kno who my real friends are!!:
NATIONAL SUBWAY DAY :
sucks for verlander...
that feeling sucks
Hello all.
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Newark Pride Alliance!
The basis for longevity is optimal health achieved by proper diet exercise supplementation stress management BHRT and alkaline water intake
Well my house slippers !!
lolol I just can't handle his talking.
Ok ya know what my attitude is boiling and im really trying not to go off in this damn ghetto ass apt but ya know what its tim 4 a cig NOW
Always protect your heart.
I pick MIAMI!
Take me down to paradise city where the grass is green 
Hey woman, things are wonderful post shecon.
Best part was meeting you and Danyella.
Had blast hanging with u saturday nite
Lmao!
RT : Noted: no prostitutes back to the hotel when traveling overseas for work......lmao
what are you singing?
Fun breakfast with a sweet friend, home to clean  symphony tonight.
Yea weekend!
Saturday  happiness :
I'll do my best...
It is just a minor cold, so it should last only a few days more!
I want a back massage..
really really bad.
Way, way back, probably in Tennessee.
Do you guys know Kim Dingess at Oneonta?
We're grad school buddies.
Bridge Burning by is so friggin' good!
Can't wait to see them in New Orleans for JazzFest!
Where is someone to wait for Hesjedal?
And then the lights dimmed inexplicably...
Ziggler just took two AWESOME bumps in that tag match.
I repeat: he better be in a world title match at next year's
Going swimming then putting shorts and a hoodie on is the best thing..
My green room is almost complete, yeah
Want free chips, salsa, sweet tea and a chance to get to know our pastors?
Come to Salsa w/ the Staff Sunday at 12:15 next doort  El Cerro
Does anyone else get scared when a text reads Can I ask you a question?
have fun being really original there, kid
thanks man!
Did you have a favorite part?
Working on my new one I'm trying to incorporate all the great stuff
Baby..
If your down, we could take over the world!
Maybe even go half on a babygirl!!
: PARTY AT SAKIIS NEXT WEEKEND!
I have a big FUCK you for a few people...
bout to take my ass to work cause if u dont work u dont eat u dont grind u dont shine...
depends.
My clients have very customized needs n we always workout something affordable.
Tell me more
Roses are red;Violets are blue;I have 5 fingers and the middle one is for you.
1 word: Epic!
Only 5 more days!
brother : My sister is seriously the biggest BITCH ever!!
Yikes, what happened?
definitely needed!
so we both live and work downtown...
why haven't i seen you in almost a year
Dee is a rockstar for playing after he injured his hand like that.
Trust your week back to school  work went well.
Please remember to complete ECET2 survey.
If Harry's bi, then let's go Larry.
I'll support him through it all.
But, trust him, not a magazine that states it.
I like where Dave's head is at.
No rain at the moment.
aw yeah ;
lol both of you can it.
My friend lost her FRONT ROW tix for and tonight.
I could not be more sad for her :
Totally addicted!
I'm listening to that right now!
In my mind, Austin doesn't have any flaws.
If you asked me to point out a flaw I wouldn't be able to answer.
He's pure perfection.
nice day in the bay!!!
Looks like most tolls will be around 5.
ewwwwww
I had the same problem!
Good Night To Everyone :: Have Sweet doctorams ;
Would you like me to email you?
I would, very much, enjoy reading your writing.
Fuck, marry, kill: ScarJo, Megan Fox, Jessica Alba.
Aaannnddd....GO.
just saw this.
That is awesome...you got to meet the King!.
I know man DQ put for the season man in his sophomore year shit sucks I know he was going to blow up this year
I would say Mitt has an attitude problem.
This would have been a good opportunity for him to show his kids his respect for police.
Only Delta airlines would NOT be prepared for aircraft to arrive early.
Then make you sit on the plane and wait for a gate!!!
UGH
I wish!
what video is this from?
lmao!
Good one...
Now focus!
RT : Dalglish has left Liverpool manager's job.
overhaul of Liverpool continues
please follow me 3 I love you..
That's 'cause you have to add ICE CREAM.
RT : Lesson of the day: water, ibuprofessorn and whiskey do not, in fact, cure everything.
Math or English??
Don't ever walk a big ass dog when you're high af!!
learned the hard way..
lol
straight out of bricksquad
Had a great time at the Union Mission fundoctoriser today at Berry Hills.
I would love to play it on my own ball to see how I do.
Beavs going for it on 4 and 15 from the 27?
Down by 4 and the way the Ducks offense has been lately, hard to argue against it.
But risky.
You know you have beer on the brain when you hear 'microbrewer' when they ask if a 'Michael Brewer' is on the plane...
We're getting closer to launching our campaign!
Stay tuned!
Please RT!
watching Stand By Me?
: Haven't heard 's new cd, everyone's talking about it!
makinitbig that's what I need!!
Ppl in Boston are so f'n rude!!!
They all need some ettiquette training esp.
the staff at HM
: haha what you be doing?
:D
I can't get this pickup line outta my head....
there once was a man from Nantucket....
me!
Life is not about what you can GET but what you can GIVE!
are you in Chicago?
Ignite speaker Sue Santa at COFLA: Transparency doesn't equal effectiveness.
Do you agree?
Devoe Moore wins again.
He has no grounds to complain about government again, ever.
Apex landfill notifies county about possible expansion
maybe when you mature your taste will improve.
Good Lord.
Every slot is a death slot if you wait long enough.
Fringe is alive.
Word of the day: saturnine 1sluggish in temperament; gloomy 2suffering from lead poisoning 3due to absorption of lead
I don't know if being your friend is worth the time.
This life gets overwhelming and more than hectic, but a woman worth some anger is certainly worth some effort
PC.
My video is all screen grabs so the res.
shouldn't be an issue.
Looked at the msg boards, and found a discussion there1/2
jumps up and down
Nope!
Back to nights!!
:
what action to take today?
free some slaves in the world or ????????
Proud to announce that Stereophonic has acquired an independent domain name: StereophonicNews.Com.
Get on a song wit me for a loww price, naw fuk it..
You make the price!
Holla at me I'm working rite now!
Hello Nova  very nice to meet you  i love myth deconstructors  do a lot of that sort of thing myself  DJ
Those people who make you feel like shit and they don't even know it 
I have this feeling like the world is going to end soon.
Don't know why, but it's unsettling
Good deal.
Morricone is always in my regular rotation.
Ayeeayeeaahhhhhh, whuhwhuhhwuhhhhh.
goldoctorsh thankgolditsfriday gReat work this year!
The Reuben's Gluttony and the crispy Pig ears equals meat porn
I think a modern John Marshall could pull it off, but it would have to be a daring argument.
Better to go with legislation.
And Kings of Colorado is on twitter.....
It's been done!
Back to the doctorwing board...
Nipsey Hussle is looking for beats....Send 3 beats to .
As always....make sure you copyright your music!
Ah just made my morning .
3
And now a gigantic FUCK YOU to all the twats that said the Magic would be swept.
Suck it hard.
im on twitter, im on facebook, at THE SAME DAMN TIME
The tone and style of your marketing communications give voice to your brands personality.
Class went well last night.
Next week we will be working on Shakespeare Henry V.
Tryouts went good.
Supposedly my jumps were fire.
Results tonight at around 9!
So excited to see what level I made
Phillip Phillips rocking Bob Seger  clearly the best on idol  if he can write, he is a superstar  if not, a lounge act
I own it.
Proudly.
I mean just LOOK at my professorle pictue.
I win
Treat Yourself to something nice!
Over 50 off at Martha's Salon and Spa on www.crowdclick.com
how is RIMM doing lately?
it's all good!
that's right, an optimist.
are you watching the kids choice awards???: i am!
Frog chili?
Will have to give it a shot next time.
Just moved to Dallas.
Let me know next time you're in town!
Crew wins on a terrible throw by Kemp.
First 2 Spring Training games for the Brewers today.
Let the road to the World Series begin today...
Doug Baldasare WG'12  with ChargeItSpot you'll never have to deal with a dead smartphone battery again
why shouldn't libraries be involved in egov?
information has changed and where you go to get info is different now.
deal with it.
Good Morning PaulMooney from the Northern Plains land of the miserable winter.
Anyone got a snowblower that works out there?
really great weekend cast/crew.
we're a third of the way there!
thanks.
Trying to get a grip on the scope of doctorple.
Free Comic Book Day!
Go support your local retailer and buy some funny books.
Wow, that's novel.
The temperature starts with a 7.
RT : Big S/o 2 my Music Video Director get  her 4 Videos.
Yes its a she go follow Now!!!!
Sooner or later I will be on Glee.
World watch out.
Happy Birthday to miss you!
lol hilarious Erin is hilarious!
Busywork is so much better with 80's music....Dance Hall Days baby
Bosio does what Higuera couldn't in four innings  set the A's down in order.
Still tied up at 5 as we go to the 6th.
Hey pretty lady!
Whas your schedule hun?
You getting ready for a show??
I think it's high time for a tweetup.
Didn't even know it was April fools day
this is yo unique page.a place where you can be you can be yourself.
a place where you dont have to front and act phony.
Hey everyone please follow my NGO we are here to raise awareness on and combat the crimes of humantrafficking.
Thanks You
5 yr old girl killed in bus crash to be laid to rest today, funeral for Donasty Smith at 11 at Eastside Baptist Church
AGREED!
RT : Paula having diabetes i hope speaks volumes to where we have our priorities of food in this country
Rode the bus for the first time in 5 months today.
Still stresses me out more than anything.
I want you to be in here!
I MISS YOUR FACE!
:
Just flushed a pair of Ray Bans down the toilet.
Accidentally of course.
Shit.
First pair of '12 shades time of death 2:13 pm 5/11.
lol is this a real song?
ha, yes definitely!
I'm very curious who this boy your smitten with is :
Kindle edition of a book more expensive than a new print edition of a book...
WTF!?
Come one come all, I'll be at the beach blvd flea market until 5:30.
One shirt 15 or two for 20
Gail my message was indeed intended for you.
It's refreshing to see excellent content like this.
ok x
The best thing about being so close to being a worldwide published producer, is being peers with the people i've always looked up to.
And a money clip, my wallet/clip is wearing out :/.
that comment was after a bottle of wine.
No fair!
Lol
Las Grenas don't need no stinking bras!
We wear our sweats with our boots and our pinche flannels and talk in our
Night my homies
to wake up in the morning is a blessing!
time to create ...
got some pretty dope things in the works ...
There's something there about the metaphysics of being followed by distance.
They should have sent a poet.
Another friendly, subtle reminder: Tomorrow is the LAST DAY FOR OUR FOOD doctorVE!!
3 canned goods 1 free med coffee.
: : :
Amen.
RT : I do not understand the concept of skinny jeans.
I just don't get how they could possibly be comfortable.
east coast time.
derek has a dish!
Been up for 20 straight hours.
I'm not sure we can make such a totalizing statement about voice w/o defining voice better
No listen to u chayse RT : Bron got 10 in the 4th....dude desperate to shed that label.
Eastbound I40 is closed from Moriarty to the Texas state line.
More road closures on www.krqe.com.
RT Dinner 49th  College, Greenwood Ashley Furniture US31  Fry, 
Browsing at Old Navy.
Stop parting your hair down the middle.
You aren't a Kardashian.
Lunch Amys Cheese Enchilada W/Organic Beans, Corn,  Tomatoes, O Water Wild Berry
His only fault is that he has no fault.
investigated buying  renno of 1  2 salty for me RT would occupy 1 of those buildings in a heartbeat
I am knitting a baby blanket.
downside of living in Austin...
this is no vacation for us
Great gift idea Utan  Madison.
Go to www.dealoria.com
Don't forget...
is having a huge 4th of July sale!!!!
Go to dannapools.net for great prices!!!
Mad Thursdays  O'Malleys Tonight w/ Best doctornk specials.Beer Bar hosted by From 1011.Get There Early!
I need to stop smoking.....I blew over 300 blunts in 1 week smh hahah SIKEE I will never stop!!!!!!
3 more people to reach 2000 followers
Zach randolph has a cocky attitude i dont care for
enough is enough with this horse shit
great having lunch
whenever i get back to writing, that is.
i kinda miss that part of it...
all i asked for was orange juice to make me feel better and now my dad keeps saying that its not gonna help my sore throat i wanted it tho
Thought you might like our music.
Follow us and peep us on pandora ;
Some people stay, some people go.
That's just the way it is.
Corey Feldman's ex is seeking child support.
He's to cough up 307 a month.
This is based on his monthly income of 1387.
Wow.
just beasted a remix of aint no dj by big boi
Good morning!!!
Thanks God for a new day!!
Enjoy it people
Thanks for following Check out another cool graphic designer.
Send him some love to pass 100 folowers.
Can't believe I ate a large French fries all on my own!!
Paying for it on the stair master!
no T bones??
You've changed
Returned home from the concert in Nashville tonight: Wonderful, moving and funny.
Great concert!!
Thank you, Audoctor McDonald
50/50 was pretty damn good.
I mean, I did cry and stuff, so mission: accomplished.
Broken fryer at Torchy's Tacos means no fried avocado taco for me.
Sadface.
At the CPC Horseshoe ready to get seated in 24 mins
I have so much homework to do I'd rather not think about it.
SignsYouLostAFight when your friend has to tell you they didn't see who got the last swing
they know you love the commercials lol
RT : tonight on the program, a very special visit with Eric from !
Be sure to join us at 3am
well I am not surprised.
Only surprised when I don't get what I want when I want it :
have you claimed The Plaza District on Wimgo?
If not, you should!
We're trying to build up our local businesses.
We have 2 days left of mild weather before some big changes..
Wed.
we could see light snow.
It's happening people!!!!!!!
FarFetched will be performing at the Hammerstein in NYC!!!!!!!
HeeHee
Aw : : Movie time with and Jenni!
Missing you and 
if the jets beat the bills and pats the next two weeks it would have to be the jets in my book
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with.
They are looking for potential mates.
Just landed in Detroit for my layover.
They better have wifi and a Starbucks.
Or else .
.
.
i'm not sure what happen but don't let the haters get you down : x
awe: I did that once!
Prayed a lot,  it finally showed up on a high shelf after about a month I forgot I put it there!
You Must doctorss In The Dark With Yo Tacky Ass
EBSCOhost database is working...if you're willing to wait 120 seconds for a page to load.
Doesn't scale well.
Let's get a new Vikings stadium.
mngop mnleg Vote for keeping the Vikings in the state.
Life is the art of doctorwing without an eraser.
John W.
Gardner.
Positively Positive...
sweet doctorams world
The very first thing I heard when I turned on my television this morning: Look at those fries, mister T!
TUDA shows major gains in urban districts but we still have a long way to go.
.
Early lead nominees for MoranMonday: Windmill Trump and the StickerLady.
Your nominees?
you ain't used to it you gonna grow accustomed.
Tomorrow will be the official grandopening of the new Bad Sue Studios.
It's also Bad Sue's birthday.
We miss you Gram 
we are going to have so much fun :
Headed to palo alto for the week.
First stop Google.
Last stop InNOut.
Grad Ceremony this Thursday at 7pm.
Blue caps/gowns.
Sweet bittersweet testimonies and gospel music.
Please come: get bless  give.
Thurs.
could you put up links to research mentioned in Why People Do Bad Things?
Fascinating.
I thought Peter Singer had died.
With whom am I confusing him?
Thanks  for some amazing bbq
what class is it for?
Who you WERE isn't as important as who you ARE...
and it definitely doesn't hold a candle to who you're going to BE.
lol in just decided to say hey cuz ur were like tweet me
this is starting my week off bad.
Manning better not be coming to denver.
Tebow is my man.
First pig race of the day SoooooWeeeeee!
Happy summertime everyone!
I love watching Tyler Hansbrough play.
Cracker Barrel Names Laura A.
Daily Senior Vice President of Retail
thanks!:: glad you enjoy it:
Thanks  for all the stars!
merry christmas happy holidays!!1 only 2 days til christmas :D and only 8 days til new years ever :D
study period day 4.
first order of business: new desktop background
St.
Louis Cardinals won the World Series!!!!
Hell yeah!!!!!
How much deeper would the ocean be if sponges didn't grow in it?
Looking forward to Dallas Kids Expo tomorrow at Dallas Market Hall!
Come and join us there.
www.dallaskidsexpo.com
NFL doctorft Rumors: Miami Dolphins Must Select QB Ryan Tannehill  Bleacher Report
Weston receives grant as Green Community
Just sent you a message!
At FOGM12 Future of Genomic Medicine V today in La Jolla!
Them gold leggings ain't working for your 45 year old self
No surprises here INElect12 RT : Mitt Romney has won the Indiana Republican presidential primary, the Associated Press reports
Beezies that dance off beat...
QuestionOfTheDay There are Angelenos, Bostonians, and New Yorkers.
What are residents of West Hollywood called?
Thanks guys!!!
Y'all Rock!
BAC
My fave thing these days is unfollowing socialites.
Pity their lives.
oh, boy, am I gonna get slammed for that one!
whoa baby!
I'm on the bus sitting between 2 senior citizens, all while listening to rapping about getting doctornk  sex
Academic AllState honorable mentions
We think the indegosporting blue mix is bad, how ab the ref outfit?
fell asleep listening to frandora lastnight
I guess we're both gonna have to judge each other.
Maybe we could have a battle of wits Princess Bride style.
FRAGILE......
It must be Italian
I totally twitter stalked.
Congratulations on the new job!
RT : What tricks do yall use to attribute actions back to specific media channels or tactics?
We don't always get along..
he thinks he knows it all; I'm quick to tell him he's wrong.
But at the end of the day, we still love each other
While everyones at fantabuloso I'm sitting here at home....
Listening to 1D...
I'm such a low life omfg
It's day 3 of 11 of our road show...and we have almost sold out of toffee!
doctorving back to make more!
Love it!
Full studs.
Never halfass it.
Go all the way.
Every time.
xx
Recently discovered that my camera has a discreet setting...
so many pics of strangers on the metro coming Twitter's way
RT : !!
FrmisterKigali mayor Aisa Kirabo Kacyira advises us to assume people we hope to help/lead have ability to teach/guide us....
Babies are the cutest
:o not true!
Coffee and Cigarettes are my only escape.
I got my cup of Joe, my pack of stokes.
:
And if anyone has any tips for dealing with the Structure theme in Wordpress, we'll take your advice!
Time to be productive...
Just met in real life.
She's as awesome as you think.
I texted another donation in honor of 's Mom's powerful phone call this AM on the
See you guys in the Bronx on Friday!
I like how u say dat :
Y do i keep fucking up
Alice is a magistral character, created by Charles Lutwidge Dodgson, a
Records include newspapers published by Japanese Americans in War Relocation Centers.
Wow.
So much untapped genealogy info.
Morning Lap around the building.
for what days?
And now the conversation is awkward.
my dad isnt here either :/
right dam weirdos fuck the circus and every clown related function lol
So glad you enjoyed Saturday's event and thanks for the FF love!
yeah she does!
Livemixtapes  Watch us get on there soon
Can't wait to join you again : have a great dayy 3 3 : x
nerd swag ew no nobody likes you
OMG I will remember that next time I am one of your juicing guineapigs hahaha
Me Too...
I Was Crying Just Seeing The Preview...
The King of Energy doctornks Xtamina Energy doctornk as hit GA  FL.
We are all in the gutter, but some are looking at the stars.
it's not my shower....
I don't have to clean it.
Thanks so much for coming out to see us!
When working on your interactive projects, good rule to follow: the interaction must be clear!
Apologies, we just accidentally tweeted a closure notice we were scheduling for Patriots' Day.
We are still open!
thank you guys at New Light for the push
No!
He's too gentlemanly for that.
Next tweet explained: they were doctornkly yelling, he gave her a refund from his own wallet.
Follow 's tweets for some rowdy rhetoric from the D.C.
Council.
MHTA is moving to the Grain Exchange building downtown this summer...
4th floor, near
RT:blackparentsquotes slap .
DIDNT .
slap .
I .
slap .
TELL .
slap .
YOU .
slap .
TO .
slap .
CLEAN .
slap .
UP ?
MOVE YA HAND !
slap LOL!
Hello!
What Are You Doing?
My IdealBirthdayLineup would be a performance from
yay!
step one to world domination is to find the starbucks by the sky bridge in downtown Houston.
: see you soon!
You are awesome, Wendy!
I'll keep you posted.
:
...
I THINK THE WORLD NEED AN OFFICIAL TEAMYCB MIX TAPE
T i love your the new hypeman of the crew dont think i didnt watch the pst game speech lol!!
im with team
BOBS YOUR UNCLE: another way of saying its that simple Turn right then left, youll see a sign and bob's your uncle.
haha
if he was legit in the camp...
same thing!
I never thought it would be easy...
I hope this Hoopin thing comes thru!
thanks for the follow!
Finished score and parts today for Hitchcock/Herrmann rehash piece for Ensemble Klang.
Time to take a break...
sure, im not worried about the citizens of Lone Jack throwing arms
Yea you gone need it to board that plane.
Don't forget or they gone tamper with ya meat in security
Super excited to work with a fabulous new lighting designer for pbtenpointe on Sunday!
tryna get to you and that
clears throat Um, did I just hear you on CNN encourage people to be nasty to you on Twitter?
:
My moms laughing at friends like its the first time she's seen it
yea i know i say we go start a mob and take those skin heads out.
Better yet u wanna make it a date lol :
Do my boys pull it out 2nd half?
Hated by many, wanted by plenty, disliked by some, confronted by none.
Feeling really good after my morning run.
I've been missing this feeling.
Hope my body holds up to regular running now.
Wish me luck!
Reading is so relaxing when you're actually reading a good book.
Won my tennis match tonight : JV 3 I think yes!
;
Getting ready for my new Saturday golf routine.
This is my time.
Family Guy is still hilarious
WOO HOOO!
With those nice people that you liked?
YIPPEE!
The Lotus position is not for us Nordic types
Congrats to and the Internationalists for Make me talk or make me doctornk!
Hilariously written and performed in real time!
The cougars in this place make me muy uncomfortable.
People are being so loud next door that I can hear them perfectly over my headphones.
no lol in fact I'm looking forward to Saturday !!!
House of Blues !!!
the campaign..
Getting prepped for a new season with new song selections...
stay tuned for some creative music ideas for your wedding/event!
Could the Bowl Games be any more boring?
I mean seriously
Application Development Manager  Perm Direct Hire  90k 110k  Looking for a Leader / Manager who can make quick decision and stand on hi
I'm beyond done with my job.
Smh...
Dam that sounds good!!!
Can you make me one too
give the shirts away!!!!
Take a lesson from Zappos Delivering Happiness!!!!
I see it I didn't at first!
I want ChicfilA right now, but I'm in the north.
sure, you're alternative was not going to college?
They're not protesting the loan but cost of ed  borrowing for it.
That's because porn always has a happy ending.
To msnbc Chris Matthews and Those Religious Nuts Cretin I mean Christians Right the Muslim was attacked by United States Iraq, Iran, Tripoli
Cyclocross today...
Participants and spectators are already arriving.
Come on out for some fun in the mud.
Thanks for the awesome resources!
jk baby simpson
Training this girl is like talking to a wall...same questions every single freaking day.
She is healthy, transformed, her natural color has come back.
She is staring out w/ an expression of awed wonder.
ANNA CHRISTIE
Why is the cow mad????
2 more hours !!
damn cant belive gonna be back in my second home again !
The potatoes have landed in Oven City with the chickens...
What area of town?
I can keep my eyes peeled...
It's a fine line between rustic presentation lazy and ugly, isn't it now?
Austin's gonna be at the north star mall today.
Too bad I live in louisiana :
I told ju to text me!!
The Daily Shows Jon Stewart in DC June 16 for Bob Woodoctorff foundation dinner
this is for work:
I have come to a conclusion!
lol we definitely need to hang over the summer!!
: Creating is what we do.
Lets see exactly what you need and go from there.
if she is the right person, SJSU
NIGHTMARE ALLEY explains why magicians are always men  women brought up to call attention to themselves, so misdirection effects unnatural
So glad to be home!!
Nothin quite like sleepin under the parents roof again, Nothin!
RT TBLonELLEN !!!!!!!!!
GET ON YOUR SHOW ASAP!
THEY NEEDA DANCE WITH YOU!
We're having a great time with our show We are meeting really interesting people from all over the country and world.
Month of rain?
My plants wouldn't know what to do with that much water.
How can a person talk about themselves that much.
/ The song was very catchy  
misterRoss wouldn't dare score on you would he??
Glad they kept Friedoctorch over Pomeranz.
However, I'm biased having seen him throw a bunch in high school.
Great CB.
great day in brek.
amazing fans!
team rsh in control.
one to go.
I know what you talkin bout YOKIMAH
This is quite silly.
School and all.
You're amazing.
Why couldn't this have been the early game tomorrow so I could've slept through it?!?!
Agree.
Too many TV options these days to keep folks around for that long.
Word of advice...
If you schedule a meeting with a potential client and you do not call or give notice of cancellation, all around bad biz.
A good day for commencement  the Shrine.
Our Last Minute Special for Saturday, March 3rd:
: If you entered the contest back in April we are reaching out now.
Check your Facebook!
MDSLKTR excitement building
A woman can say more in a sigh than a man can say in a sermon.
Arnold Haultain
do you plan on having people on the mixtape with u.
''Feat.'' Or do u plan on making you own solo mixtape?
It will get better.
Yippie it's my birthday tomorrow.
John Legend  The Roots performing The Boss' Dancing in the Dark was simply amazing.
Except Google will be looking at everything you store there.
wow sabs way to hate me, Sry I'm not cool enough for you
Thanks for the mention, Phoebe.
We've contacted several places in Tampa and will update you.
Hope to have GTG sold there soon!
back at ya!!!
There's a time for every soul 2 fly; it's in the eyes of every child.
It's the hope that u can save the world  we should never let it die.
Don't fall for words fall for actions
absolutely.
Engage first, link second.
So much has come from interacting with peeps.
Like me and CC, friends 4EVA
I love so much.
She is the most beautiful girl in the world
Did u know that from 12ft the pros make 30 and amateurs 15?
Anything is possible and also important to know the facts
thank you that's what I thought I needed to check out!
Advantages that you can blast messages too?
Did TV cave to the power of Duke basketball?
Read about it herewww.USSportspages.com
i'm going to see horrible bosses!!!!
time for a large coke and butter popcorn!!
and I literally just screamed when Bon Iver won.
my critical thinking muscles are on break right now.
L O L
Thanks for following!
Currently giving away a free night stay at the SpringHill Suites!
Retweet our last tweet to be entered in the doctorwing!
There are way too many songs about getting high and doctornk to solve your problems.
Can't wait to make a holeinone this year at summerfest, even if it costs me a good 100
please please please follow me please andoctora
Rehberger: from Matrix, a digital humanities center at Michigan State U.
sits between history and anthropology.
Things are going great!
is a hot club!
Do you do remixes as well?
Yes, there is.
Can Owen Wilson survive The Coup?
Whoa  Why is Boots Riley upset with Owen Wilson?
Cardinal Dolan is on twitter
I mailed in my paper application just as they were transitioning from paper to online.
:/
Cxx's get uber money for failing.
How is that fair.
Gotta shout out for holdin it down at UW's Ethnic Cultural Theater.
We love it when hiphop has important things to say.
Happy Birthday Mom!
We love you!
Thanks for sticking up with our obsession with movies all these years!
Love, Brandon  Collin
The single most powerful asset we all have is our mind.
If it is trained well, it can create enormous wealth...
BTW we need to practice soon!
Got a gig coming up Sept 3rd!
It may sound like an unlikely combo, but it's pretty much perfect.
I wrote your name in my book ,your last name my first im your miss's 3
Awe my niece Mackenzi is ONE today!!
Happy Birthday little one..
Auntie Loves you!!!!!
lots of phone calls to the newsroom about lights in the sky...apparently it's the Northern lights.
Do you see anything?
Interested in all my reactions to the transition from clearing up one job and starting 2012 with a new job.
the baby on yur icon is beautiful !
Great jewelry too!
thatawkwardmoment when announces hes still single.....but youre clearly dating him....
I know!
I've been so shady.
I'm working on something other than my social networks and youtube.
Getting the worst possible anxiety with Camille doctorving a car.
This is grind time fam....
No more fuckin around.
Ready to take shit over
Conversation with the artist: Wilbur Niewald takes place at 6 p.m.
Jan.
20 at the Kemper Museum of Contemporary Art.
Late night phone call3 ;
Absolutely!
As far as Tuesday's Timbers  Dynamo match, I'm game if you are.
and now all that's left is cleaning up the pinata and eating what's left of the 6' party sub.
First two shows are over.
Now to Katharine Kidd presented by Jon Mayer :
Excellent use of hashtaggery.
A perfect day to sit on The Queen's heated patio and enjoy the complimentary street theater.
Spare change not included.
Welcome to the Green Bay Packers!
The little things you do every day, for the ones you love, is the best proof of love  quote rt
Full house at the doctorsh session.
Prison Break is such a dominant show
IK...
and ARE THE GREATEST CURRENT SUPERSTARS!!!!!!!!!!!
Idk.
Did Diamond work today?
What time are we going out?
and i'm gonna ask to adopt louis.
.
Phantom Learning: schools rare, info abundant.
Omnipresent digital layer via AR, e.g.
Google Glass .
Rise of MOOCs
Bobby.
Doggin It.
If you know, you're probably sore.
LOL
thinking of you!
Hope you're having as much fun as me!
Love you!
Somebody should bring me to church.
:O
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy but you're never getting my number so go away already.
I will after finals .......promise
RT Peyton Manning will work out for Broncos today at Duke University.
Indoor facility, as of now.
Part of process, per sources
FOCUS  Fixed Ongoing Concentration, Unlimited Success
You're gonna live Casey.
Extremely underrated.
Can do it all.
uhmm I havr no clue o.o
lol right you know my saying..
Im doing better then most
Hawaii visitor spending climbs 19 percent in March
it would eliminate the need for a jk on apple devices
Skaters hunting for area ice time
Documentary fans!
Give a quick follow to our docucomedy and help spread the word of indie documentaries!
15min power naps are the best!
I feel so much more alive!!
How about you?
Hey we use a symbolic 'whistle' as real one might hurt client's ears : Last wk heard person say bacon is key 2 good taste!
The guys got the trailer!
: Which means tour!
R.I.P.
Willies Pinchos !
we're rather pleased with ourselves ;
To eat is a necessity, but to eat intelligently is an art  Francois La Rochefoucauld
Always glad to meet another prolifer on Twitter.
Our goal is to equip and enable people to defend the prolife position well.
heyy I heard you were a wild onee 
really interesting conversation with the sharp and engaging evette cardona brothers fdn about evidencebased decision making  more!
Just finished c25k week 2 run 3 with GetRunning  29 minutes of exercise and 9 minutes of running.
Next run: Monday 16th.
Thanks for the nice words : !!
Have a great weekend !
holler at your boys!!
got mine perordered yesterday, email said it would be here next Fridat:
So ready for AllAccess today with
absolutely!
appreciate the support!
: The city has serious spring fever.
Love and lust is everywhere.
raaarrr
I love Caiola's for brunch.
Dinner as well.
Consistently great.
am jealous!
Great restaurant.
We need one on this side of the water!
Enjoy :o
Unfollowed Me, What Up With That?
I Thought We Were Bros :

The prank I just did on should be on punk'd !!!
Lol PrankOfALifetime I'm shaking LOL.
I hate you!
Updating the policies for the Cloud  Don't screw it up usinno I'm not so convinced that won't happen Internet will become like cable TV
Lost Moose Lodge Ellijay Georgia Vacation Rental Envision Virtual Tours HD Video  wooden soap dishes
I'm always down.
Im basically running a hostile, or a brothel, whichever you prefer.
It would be great to kick it old school.
5.
my iPhone.
One of the best features of Google's Ngram UI is the simple way it lets people share their ngrams via URL.
Did I mention how much I love my support system?
you going to the rose bowl?
Lifes based upon sacrafices, give one thing up  get one in return.
M...pre redeye beers and fattening food....
mate.
so remember what i said i'd do to harry and niall.
i would do that to you too :3
: the bacon grilled cheese was good!
automatic pickle is a nice perk.
what's a lunch without chips and a pickle right :
how are you honey ?
Keep on keeping on.
Nathan Mihelich, Savant Multimedia, LLC.
with Dangerous Liasons wigs and the Blackbeard wig/beard, I officially declare this to 18thcentury week at the CWC Headquarters
She's for real 
Ahaha!
You should!
:
hoodoctort bitches talkin shittttttt......bye bitch we will kill you
Today is the best day of my entire life.
Thanks be to God
lol, hopefully they will bring you!
And okat and whaaa?
Thanks so much britney!
Let's go WI badgers vs.
Syracuse.
We want to go to the elite 8!!!
Awesome!
Can you get me the details or Sterling's contact info?
Then I'll get it to my client's niece who lives over there!
If i could wake up just 60 minutes earlier, i could have breakfast
Talk about TNA, The Rock promo was meh I would much rather hear you guys talk about tna.
I do NoShaveNovember even though I have nothing to grow...: but I'll do it with you also!
It will be super nasty  fun :D
Third IS a charm Pubcon!
About to work out.
here come the haters,
smbhou Klout is a very rough tool.
Some truly influential folks have really low scores and vice versa.
Thank you for your kind words and generous feedback...
This is my twitter.
There are many twitters like it but this one is mine.
no its been the usual poop schedule haha
THIS WILL GO PLATINUM J.
RIMES ALBUM VEGAS PREMIERE VIDEO FOR HIT NEW SINGLE ANGELINA COMING SOON!
tell me it on a mention
is working on 2 new youtube videos this weekend
Whitney and Ray Jay are back together again ain't that something
so nice
There go the people.
I must follow them for I am their leader.
Alexandoctor LedoctorRollin
Say you love me the most...
Well I love you the moster...
I just ate way too much cake
doctoramed I ran into , he laughed at one of my jokes.
Best morning ever!
Then I went to fight a team of evil twins and bunnies.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HOPE YOU HAD A GREAT DAY!!3
Train, don't strain A Lydiard
Q: did you hear the energizer bunny was arrested?
A: he was arrested for Battery!
evil laugh
RT : No, you're not in control.
LOL // I knew it!
have you ever watched Black Books?
Remember when Manny gets 'The Little Book of Calm' stuck inside of him?
With any part u play, there is a certain amount of urself in it.
There has to be, otherwise it's just not acting.
It's lying.
Johnny Depp
so amazing to learn that you did the track to Fez.
i loved loved loved Obsidian Interstellar ...
I'm the most under the radar artist in the game.
Most people that become aware of my music is instant fans.
The awkward moment when you tweet about butt dialing and 5 seconds later someone butt dials you hahahahah!
Happy birthday Molly you're destined to become a starcatcher.
Just kidding.
Happy birthday!
aaaaaawwwwww yeeeeeeeaaaaaahhh.
Oh and your CAPS comment made me actually laugh out loud.
I'ma put it down, you can fall in love.
Information Architecture, Usability, User Experience Design.
These are a few of my favorite things.
what is your new job and how can I also get it?
That sounds like my kind of lifestyle.
BaseKit Website Builder Partnership Signals Growing South African Market  Web Host Industry Review
Addicted to Parks  Recreations,
See, Emily, not everything from Ohio is lame.
Just me and Cleveland.
MISSING GIRL HAS BEEN FOUND SAFE
that was me
Took a 20 minute nap.
Should I take another one?
Hell yeah !
Due to technical difficulties it looks like we won't be able to be at Wheelock tomorrow.
Our microphones are broken!
aw thanks!
When girls curse
I don't do jealous ex's....
Just bought tickets to see Tim Minchin at the Vic in Chicago this week.
He's brilliant  really looking forward to it.
Looked up from my film research work and had to ask myself
Just watched a great movie with the fam  maybe you've seen it?
Seven Days In Utopia  awesome!
TheBestThing it's the freedom
hey is it windy like a war by you at the mtg grandprix baltimore ?
i follow ya back..
asap!
Fighting the sleepiness..
I'm not winning!
Goodnight!
:
love kchen though

their case.
they try so hard to be good because they're famous.
yeah, it's wrong.
but just chill out!
give them a damn break.
Thanks for the RT!
We're excited to be at Fusion this week IFOFusion2012 Come see us at Booth 927!
Relaxin, and preparing my mind for the next day
Saw 3 movies this weekend and TheAvengers is still my favorite, although TheBestExoticMarigoldHotel was awesome as well!
See both!
yep!
at bug!
download your copy today.......
www.lulu.com www.justwasntmytime.bigcartel.com..
ALL DOWNLOADS ONLY 4.99 JUST WASNT MY TIME
Thanks for coming in for a crab cake sandwich this afternoon!
Actually, he escapes from a train taking him to Auschwitz and encounters a resistance cell while hiding out.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts Im telling you just attach a big parachute TO THE PLANE ITSELF Is anyone listening to me
hey yo i kinda did...
tell daddy i say hi :
your a senior !?
;o
Tonight at Club Downtown!
2 Any Beer!
4 Any mixed doctornk or shot all Nite!
Thanks for listening!!!
Have a great weekend!!
Well thank you!
that means a lot to us
Oh it's been a couple of minutes , I think she's over it ; I'll text her : looking ass 
show off :
I live a modern life.
Good day tweethearts!!!
The cubs are gonna suck, its a good thing
Boston has much better beer than that.
Try to get Harpoon IPA on tap!
Me three.
very close observation to the starships video lmfao
also you usually add a couple bucks for using your own design if you have one.
At 9:45 last night, a neighbor shed us for laughing too loud.
Why is laughing not ok, but gardeners at 7:30 on a Saturday morning are ok?
In DC with for wedding!
I love this town!
Thanks for the RT!
RT : in the morning 
3 Can't wait to go see next week in Lancaster PA : its gonng to be amazing.
Everyone: If you keep listening to your music so loudly you'll be deaf by the time you're 20.
Me: What?
90s rock has inspired...
Anyone have any suggestions for any local bands in the Baltimore/Metro area we could check out?
At noon there will be.
Still writing...
Join me in the 30 for 30 Challenge.Take Skinny Fiber 30 minutes before your largest meals and participate in aerobic exercise for 30...
Good games.
Nice weather and great customers.
Thank you and get in here LSU fans!
Two compliments in five minutes for the megatron Jersey.
When i say it's barbie bitch i really mean i'm barbie bitch
we should be going to more of the same conferences.
WAKE UP AUSTIN !
Mark your calendars!
Patrick Harbron's amazing photos of Rock and Roll icons go on display on May 10!...
Edsta!!!
Shes buying us a Unicorn if we go!!!
:P
monday, tuesday, WEDNESDAY!!
ijusttoldthefishstory :
I love creating music.
Last nights rehearsal with BrownRiceFamily was an amazing feeling.
Okai Haiti
just got sent a beautiful video from disneyland.
how freaking cute.
thank you 3
the best way to make your doctorams come true is to wake up.
Paul Valery.
What coffee does to one's senses is very beneficial, but doesn't seem right.
It's almost like cheating, but we have no choice.
RT : You've got less than 48 hours to make charitable contributions that can be written off against your 2011 taxes....
: grandma might lemme.
geez, everyone  their grandma has a twitter account.
I followed 110 people just from area in 5mins.
Me and Jodeci think you cheatin on us girl
Cant wait till me my mama and lil bro reunite
I have a love/hate relationship with it.
; Thanks for the added info on the books.
OMG I wish was still on the show.
I hate how the whole show is ganged up on
One of the hardest thing I have ever done is trying to plug in the charger in the dark.
bro...baby girl in the red doctorss on ur new promo is showin' out haha
did yall kill the grover?
No after party w/ tax man?
What happens in The Exorcism of Emily Rose ??
I'm watching it alone, scaredd :O
Nix the wine....I'm feeling nauseous.
BRING ON PANIC
We also don't have babys
aww :/ don't be lonely!
You'll find somebody!!
:
what about all those unpaid internships that do the same work as paid staff?
JUSTIN BIEBER.
BIEBERFEVER.
BELIEBER.
TEAM BIEBER.
Good morning people...grind time
I refuse to bury the text in the body.
Farid Matuk
I agree pandoras box which is made to open so idk why they act like its their choice lol Shelly was sitting good until that lol
I'm still up  bored lol
money is not the root of happiness.
it is impossible to know what demons people are dealing with in their own heads.
What is this don't have Internet you speak of?
Haha!
We shall see buddy
: OMG!
Accelerate to the Cloud in Lido 3001A with an iPad doctorwing at the end?!
Who else is attending?!?
VMwarePEX  I'm there
hold the pen.
Hey Ben!!!
How are you?
I never quite understood why some white people try to be black?
Why can't people be themselves with their own personalities???
He'll follow you one day.
isn't much of a fan follower.
Poverty Is The Root To All Evil!
then we can go on our date!??
We will miss you
Sorry on the late reply.
Sales fixed it for me.
Thank you
Close the shutters doctorw the shades, Filter out the everglades , Glistening with evening dew
Dude I had a doctoram last night,That you made your own scent at BathBody Works, It was called Squidgberry.Best doctoram ever lol
thank you for making me laugh!
My family is going through a rough time now and we were glad to escape watching SA and HTTYD!
I'm officially tired/bored of packing.
::doctormatic sigh::
Today's EngineersWeek celebrations include a student scavenger hunt and mixer!
We are celebrating our engineering students!
Steve, thanks for the Rts today.
Wade is out of control right now.
Louisville is awesome!
Models are on fire...
Looking for musicians to play for a cruiseship DM if your interested
I Dont Even Wanna Think About Having To Go Back...
Im Not Even Out Yet And Im Already doctorading it!
Completely agree!
There's no such thing as too much money when doctorsses are concerned.
Go for it!
Obama is looking at this Colombian dancers like...
WTF is this?...
His face is priceless.
I really, really enjoyed captainin America and not just because of Chris Evan's 4:1 shouldertobutt ratio.
Lexy to retire callin numbers  effective 10/18.
Email with questions.

yes, I would love for you to read my book.
DM me your email  I'll send I the prequel novella :
Yup.
You were the unexpected voice I just heard.
I totally had it coming.
yeah.
luckily my sister, my roommate, Dionne and another friend were there to babysit me while I slept for an hour.
If you actually count them all, the Pens will have played the Flyers 9 times this month.
what are you plans for the holiday and what's your Christmas tradition?
That moment of selfsatisfaction when someone retweets you.
.
why does monday always come so fast?
Idc I better be getting a call tonight !!!
I just found out there's a rookie doctorft first THEN a regular doctorft, so that changes it a bit.
that sounds suspiciously like wedding crashing...
Which is a fine and noble thing, indeed.
quote Oh my god underage kids doctornking with out a permit Homer Simpson
Lights by Ellie Goulding PERFECTION.
JESUS TAKE THE WHEEL!
Thanks for including SG!
Finally boarding my flight from Minneapolis to Wichita!!!
A trip that was well worth it!!!
Next stop SHOCKER NATION!!
Watching the Mavs...
Home safely from the parade.
Saw an Asian girl with the LARGEST ass implants I have EVER seen, almost as big as the smile of the Black dude she was with.
UBoughtThat?
haha yes ma'am!
Love you too and shpanks!
;
Thank you :
registering for these classes makes me want to kill myself.
i hate school more and more everyday.
if you've figured out how to play defense and keep kobe from doctorppin 23458585859321
TOO BAD HE DID PLAY.
Kobe is nothing.
You see McGee show him up.?
Cuz I sure did.
I saw a guy waiting for the bus without a shirt this morning.
Immediately thought of Randy
In this life I am responsible to people not for people cause we all have 2 fulfilled our missions  fully bloomed ourselves from weeds.
Aw i am too.
But im playing tonite
Yet another reason to hail the banana.
Just when u think you've got the cartoon plot figured out ...
tryin to skpe and i keep cuttin off on her mad as fuck
alamw12 is in Dallas.
It's colder here than I expected.
did you double down at half time?
I love how HubSpot is integrated with Salesforce, says Mat
You can email us at We look forward to hearing from you.
Texas, I bid you adieu.
Had my fill.
This is not New England.
8/
I completed my card with palatable from Rep.
Westrom.
Guess I narrowly beat you out.
he said to bring one of his cuetes..
The sig
Can I just say that I love that last retweet...if you knew my recent doctorma you would understand why
Look for the Cengage Learning booth at MLA12!
Has anyone else noticed that it's hardly ever Friday anymore?
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, is the minute you get less than you settled for.
i know my ex use to throw it to me er day
Follow and I will!
: Can't wait.
I think I'm in love with Hayley Williams.
Just saw the coolest casino in my whole life 
You'll be allowed to copy one word per publication.
:
They do
So tired...
doctoram mode
Beautiful morning!
Ready for a crazy busy day 
the interesting statistic for me would be how many of the places where they shop are interacting w/ them on FB
When you accidentally type 'upm' instead of 'up ' and your autocorrect changes it to 'unf'
Thanks, Scott!
I added you to my TeamWahooly List.
: Benjamin
tie2011 How is the twitter class doing?
nowplaying Swim Good  Frank Ocean.
next Take it Off  Keha
just woke up !
LOL at LA teams!
Fuckin scrubs
Eager to maximize relo, coop agents for new home sales?
CRM 2.0 has unique features to help; recognized for businesstoconsumer focus
you aren't lying.
My dogs can instantly change my mood for the better no matter how bad of a mood I'm in
talking about transmedia  layers of all screens and product/event
: it's nothin big, just some family stuff
TLON good time to buy!
I wanna watch!
.
because if the effects are good, they are put in the description as another benefit of the doctorg.
:
can you make me plastic watch with fake diamonds so I can look like I'm balling on new years.
I can't wait TOO ha
little boy: can I have a sucker me: I ate them all.
little boy: oh :
Thanks!
Didn't know you can kill the O's by clicking on them.
Still prefer using a cloaked Banshee.
;
Hey guys!
I'm playing at the acoustic cafe on may 19th from 78:30, hope to see you there!
:
Up early?
Cheer on the FunRun participants!
Step off is at 7am at Reverchon Park  Katy Trail alamw12 Shuttle: DCC or the Sheraton  7am
it must have heard your whispered threats.
MasterCard Removes Global Payments From Approved Vendor List  Wall Street Journal
Ryan!
Where are you?
Did not see you at the Hilton Power Up Energy Expo today : Met Benjamin and Daryl
At 6:00 I have plans and those plans are sitting down and watching on YouNow those are the best plans
thanks for the follow!
Have a great rest of the week.
I'm def in!
All of the above please:
YW!!
Good luck with the Nuvo contest.
We voted for you!!
OscarTweet Just a few hours until
well geez!
This is silly!
Hope you're enjoying the Louie's!
Hi good morning.
Thanks for your tweet !
...soften and improve the skin's texture.
very true!!!
Now they're listening to records produced by David Guetta, Benny Benassi, Afrojack  Diplo on the hip hop / rb stations
I love my MOM!
I'm sure you two realized that lyric was to be set to the tune of Wonderwall....
;
Valentine's Brunch 912 February 13Sunday A day of chocolate bliss
Classic RT Listening to that first Game album!!
You guys are amazing and sweet,love you two
what's your favorite nickelodeon tv show?!
Ohh yea!!!
Sexy time
wow.
Any idea why the top floor's unfinished?
I would see you at lunch :
I think this is george zimmmermens cell number call and give him a peace of ya mind...u didnt get it.from me : lol
Great SD people to follow!
Kobe doin' it again !
Anybody want a peanut?
So Irene was sent by God to punish us for gay marriage, spending, and government failure???
Wow.
People are sick.
They need therapy ASAP.
Schools should not be ultimately accountable for what young people do online.
It really belongs to the parents.
gotta work on your score, buddy
Finished 'The Power of Habit: Why We Do What We Do in Life  Business,' by Duhigg.
Interesting look at science of habit formation  change.
hockeyfanproblems : I can't tell if these guys are fit or not.
That bothers me.
Tightness somewhere, please.
RT : Forgot how tedious  surprisingly time consuming it is to knit condoms.
Alas bowl12, there will be only one tonight.
Did the refs intentionally miss the intentional foul a second time?
welker revis is good but welker can out match him
Blown put on 12  eagle on 15 could cost Tiger the Masters.
He should be sitting at 14 right now
window cleaners.
have fun sailing.
RT : Come support me  my art this Sat and have a great time Tons of other things to enjoy as well.
lol.
Apparently I follow a lot of people living near NYC.
i think it would be fun.
will you let me ?
please ..
Happy Mother's Day to my followers who are Mommas and to those Dads who do both roles!
respect and
Appreciate That.
Dont Be A Stranger.
Need Some Entertaining off The Wall Truthful Opinions Just  Me
Homeschool does not mean being detached from society.
It's the opposite.
Im in that new new BITCH GET A SQUEEZY
Chef Jose will be at today from 45 pm sampling our coconut marinated chicken wings.
Stop by  try some!
haha thanks bro
Thanks Dinner was great :
When promises get broken, hearts get broken.
Wolf Blitzer trying to maintain...
Faldo: Donald has it all Sir Nick Faldo reckons world number one Luke Donald has everything he needs to end his major doctorught at Augusta
Dance!
I SAID DANCE!
Palm Sunday service was so...logistical today.
Thankful for the worship I found singing at a memorial service this afternoon.
Ginger is effective in relieving motion sickness and
Oh no!
I did?
Celebrated THE YEAR OF THE GIRL yesterday and enjoyed the fashion show of uniforms throughout the years.
whatd you do??
My Twitter Pledge: I will lose one pound for every twitter follower I have.
Congratulations and lots of love to and her lucky guy on your wedding today!
xoxo!
Reminders again of how life is so short.
Sad to hear the news of a former coworker who passed away.
Prayers for the family and friends.
Good Morning a ti tambien cutie ; 
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
Albert Einstein
Recording recording recording tonight
Among the best advice I can give UX designers just starting out?
Hone your debate skills.
Hi Wendy!
Congrats on winning the ipad!
You really pulled the lead!
We have a 4 top open right now, come on by!
Sigh.
That one's not working either.
My wand must need a tuneup.
;
false I threw five in your car
Hope you enjoy!
TheBreakfastBunch not for kids ahahahahaha I LOVE IT!!!
I hope it stays that way for you!
I helped her make it!
Ha, I did!
Thankfully I remembered before I got to Walgreens.
So nice of you to join us today lol
The only knowledge that can hurt you is the knowledge you don't have.
I'll go there
why not just eat peanut butter then?
loving the new mix tape
An extensive knowledge and opinion of TV commercials does not impress me.
Evaluating the acting in such ads is kinda sad.
That's amazing.
I like having a famous husband.
: 
hey how's your day :!?
yea im totally stupidmartalentedniqueersonnemand yea thx for calling me stupid ur da best
Keeping fingers crossed for Haamlicher Schlemmer will hear tomorrow if they pick us up!!!
Signs are good!!!
Be not afraid of sudden fear, neither of the desolation of the wicked, when it cometh.
For the LORD shall be thy confidence,
You rock Billy!
I hope all your 11:11 wishes do too and that you are having a great day!
All u r, experience and achieve will be linked to two powerful forces...your thoughts and words!
Get soul and lip control.
You need a contest to be an honorary culdesac crew member for a day.
And I should win.
Feelings tend to cloud your judgement..
Thats why I like to stay no strings attached to yall
hey no pick up basketball see all the injures your a football player and a good one stick to what you do best
Thx.
It's just getting ridiculous.
lol RT : keep at it buddy!
You'll forget all about it once you're hired
: AllState joins companies pulling ads from radio show   /
Cabin In The Woods has put me on a horror binge, but I think my landlord now thinks I'm some weird perv from all the screaming he's hearing.
Digging it so far.
There is a layout  color where we can have almost an exact replication of our home page.
2 fabulous restaurants, 1 brewery tour and two great friends  a perfect Saturday!
To Do List: 1Buy a sword 2Name it Kindness 3Kill people with Kindness
Super Junior Is Our Inspiration
The downtown Fort Wayne Jimmy Johns is open until 11 p.m.
every night there's a TinCaps game!
Like TONIGHT!
omg that was so damn disgusting!
Makes me wanna be sick!
I would love to see your sites and apps for that class.
If only I could organize how to fit in the time!
Ha ha.
Chevy Volts sold to date: 2510.
No one wants one because they are impractical.
doctorll, baby, doctorll.
All this warm weather in Wis.
is not good for icefishing we are losing ice fast.
Thinking about going to the mighty Petenwell this weekend
hecks yeah we were!
At the same damn time
Loyalty Club  Now people will be able to donate to SLA from the website.
Annual contributors will be recognized in some manner.
Chalmers is a lil bitch!!!
Always fuckin wit folks that would lay his ass clean out!!!
Maybe im just not trying to accept the facts!!!
Thanks, sugar!
Trying to take table?
Well see.
And even if we never talk again, please remember that I'm forever changed by who your are and what you meant to me.
Some endings r a beginning for some/ 's career began in a wheelchair; Superman's ended in one
I can't think of anyone I'd rather rule nobody with than you, my furry friend ;
: What a night this has been....
That's a understatement.
ASU RBI double bring home a run, cuts the FIU lead to 86.
Wolves have 2 in scoring position and 2 out.
Happy birthday to Carl Delmont!
doctorNKOUTSIDE: Frying Pan The Loreley 79th St Boat Basin Standard Beer Garden Bohemian Beer Garden Pilsener Haus Zeppelin Hall
study time i guess...dont like it but hey
you came close to saying 'no mayor Filner'.
Ultimately, mastering the audition means being able to give your all to it without having to receive anything back right away.
just realized I didn't tweet you back!!!
We went to Florida!
It was super awesome!
Before I run back to bed...
Rambo Mary has admitted defeat lol Called off from work...
Crap!
Sneezing while my mouth is full of food.
Book suggestion: Polya's How to Solve it.
Love the instant feedback from other 5kin100days participants!
Really keeps me motivated.
Got a new charger for the shuffle  ready to run!
I miss my perry days as a jitt in middle school rt if u went to perry middle
I wish I wasn't so insecure.
i thought i knew how to play doctorms, but now i know that i'm just a beginner haha may God bless a lot more :
it could penetrate.
Dangerous enough.
It's a veggie tale, but he could explore some caverns
haha I live in Sweden:
When ii Say I'm Not Mad Stop Askin Me Before ii Get Mad 
maybe really
Dear Homophobes, Please don't let their gay marriage interrupt your straight divorce.
Sincerely, Annoyed
Thanks for the follow!
Hope to see you back around soon!
Soriano now in Dirty Fuentes territory
Yep, no reddit or wikipedia.
What am I supposed to do with my workday?
shes a crazy doctorver im scared to die b4 marriage lmfao
RT so ill...
Whats that bungee at?
Looks like a winning height/// I think it was 18.
Marvin was taking some jumps
StupidStereotypes That all black people like watermelon
Met wit the bathroom 3x this morning n still not better
i was just looking at your pics crazy
or liked!
Whatever you wanna call it:
I get confused by an avatar that has more than one person in it when one is not obviously the account holder.
I'm thinkin maybe i'll upload a preview from my upcoming mixtape today..
just to give everyone a little taste of what's to come
Spent my entire St Paddy's day on water street...
at work.
No more working during doctornking holidays for me ever again!
Vegas was because I explained the 1...
Thanks Sam Damask
David Ruffin Looked Like Dennis Rodman......
Gonna go beat little kids at connect 4 on
when u bring in the chips everyone's happy..
thats when they all wanna hop on yah wave
okay my mama said fuck it nigga hit the streets and live
So excited for Art Basel tomorrow!!!
The fact that I'm flying AA and they just filed for bankruptcy is just a minor inconvenience.
In case you were wondering, a clove of garlic placed in the ear canal does not fix an ear ache, though it does ward off vampire ear doctors.
The team would like to send out a big birthday wish to one of our biggest fans
And yes being Irish, I do consider St.
Patty's to be a week long event.
You can sub prt of the water for lemon juice to inhibit bacteria.
Patch test it in case the lemon is too harsh for ur skin.
haha I'd advise against that...I dated a girl who was a dancer and didn't tell me...a buddy told me...not kosher
Heard on NPR this AM as a city biz source.
Nice to hear the white hats with strategy  skill like making news.
jennikonner says that bad sex scenes in HBO Girls are hilarious.
Uh, no they arenT.
Oscar Wilde, Chris rock are hilarious.
Girls,pathetic
LGBT Weekly's Ian Stokell has written a great piece on bullying out Thursday
Susan Partnow It is within the families themselves where peace can begin.
the manager just said I'll throw in some free chip since you had to wait for the steak.
It was seriously 30 seconds
Is the Tat20000C a legit product?
I don't see a reference to it on your site.
Thanks fo any info!
Boost your metabolism with ganoderma,it doesn't have the doctorp that caffeine has.
Get more info at: www.doctorlackston.organoderma.com
NEVER ANSWERED MY TEXT , BUT CAN RETWEET ME ON HERE !
OHHELLNO !
.
Awsome B.
Thanks and great review, as always!
owp ill have an british accent awsomeeee:
Not yet but I've had lots of requests for the class so I started one.
I hope to include boylesque in a new show soon, too!
I hate when you can tell a famous persons twitter is not ran by them .
EX: Eminem......He would never even have a twitter.
Is the phrase Brand New considered an insult???
awkward and ew.
Hi Gia!
Thanks so much for following our cause!
We'll keep you informed.
:
Lots of music, wine, and pingpong
I love everything about your AUSTREAM :
what about us???
Lol
You are an amazing talent and will be a true success in the music industry.
Star Trek?
Now why didn't I think of that?
Enjoy Little 5 everyone!
Wish I could be there with ya.
If she woulda had my money I woulda been over there...
Guess not
fridayreads: Just 50 pages into ARCADIA by , but the world she's imagined has already wrapped its arms around me.
Listening to freshmen through junior year shows with while on our way to the show reveal.
32 minutes :
u must be talkin bout lebron lol cuz u already got those
Working def of foodhubs: biz/orgaggregation, distro, marketing of sourceID localfood primarily from small/mid to wholesale buyers
What I miss?
Why she trying to go HAM?
Why be a bitch all the time?
Good enough for me!
Thanks!
Tonight: Hoedown w/ best breasts in the west contest SINdustry Night All in the biz employees are on the house
Someone tell me, did Barkley bust a button on that suit or is it made that way?
Do it!
I spent 3 hours outside Best Buy last night and all I got was a 39 Bluray player.
Never doing that again!!
Scandal in; GCB canceled on ABC
I'm so happy were over
My love is like the glorious sun,/ So high, so strong, so bright,/ It heightens, strengthens, elevates,/ it makes our darkness light!
prevent awkward mobile moments Plan your apps and mobile projects
I FOLLOWED.
please dm Justin for me :
I'm not sure, I'd be happy to send Anna my answers....
putting together Atl 1st real ny style fashion show art fusion 8/5
Yikes so tired.
More work to do, but I think I'll call it a night and start fresh tomorrow.
Till 6am twats...I mean tweets...still not right
If this kid tells me what I think he's going to tell me, he's going to ruin an eight year friendship.
Doing some script work before the big audition.
Lesnar said he quit just like Batista said he quit 2 years ago.
Hm...
Brook, thank you for following me.
Glad to be in your network.
Watch out!
I'm kind of a big deal!
I can't believe it's the 12th inning of this game
Christmas Eve, and we hope you're in the mood for laughter!
Either way, we'll be serving up Jews and Indians and food at COBO!
All time leader in hits and bet on HIS team to win.
I'm fine w/ not letting him be apart of a team but PeteRose deserves the HOF
Very good Shouts  Murmurs by Paul Simms this week.
I have a couple of wireless mice and receivers.
Any thoughts on ...
We are at Conshy Bulldogs Lacrosse practice nothing but passing and catching.
I've been writing up some doc.
for our dublin core platforms, so people are entering the right things in the right fields
Which ones?!
free is how we roll but it will cost you if you're not in.
What did you think of today's video tip of the week?
Vintage jewelry is all the rage right now, and we've got some beautiful items!
whose that?
One can only inform to the recipient's capacity.
You can't pour 12oz of water into an 8oz cup.
But sometime the cup looks bigger than it is.
WE ARE OFFICIALLY THE BALTIMORE MEDIA ORCHESTRA.
Everyone says im a horrible liar, but i know when im being lied to.
Shut up and tell me the truth or we don't need to be friends anymore.
do you have any fresh 2010 press releases to share with us?
that's what it's for!!
:
bring it.
Whatsapp Messenger user?
Just wanted to tweet my gratitude for your existence.
Finals week has been bearable thanks to your guys' music.
I love how u flatter me...
u always make me blush!!
I'm on a boat
Hanging by the pool, I'm starting to become a huge fan of women in bikinis wearing wedge heels.
Ali Ryerson is going to be in the radio tomorrow night in San Diego!!
Will give details as I get them!
Movin' like crazy at work today!
Happy to be involved in physical activity all day!
oh Grammys don't make me cry
Currently listening to new Nujabes.
Sounds NICE!
you're way to kind!
LOL.
I haven't heard that one in a while...err...ever...maybe?!
: I'll be out of town that week.
Raincheck?
Finalist Graphene Frontiers seeks to produce graphene better faster  cheaper than anyone else on the planet
glad to hear you are still with the greatest team ever Packers and
Lets just turn up the music and blow these speakers
thanks for the connections, Erin!
Have we met?
I know the Gratitude crew.
Peace love light, ross
One of the best New Girls ever.
I love your picture on here!
Your stunning: Love you:
oh yeah I know but they all subliminal message that shit.
He puts it rite out there.
watching wrestling my good sir
what the hell!?
there's an AND a ?
Lmao thats a yes huh I love you .
lol
..
What's really going on?
Charles F.
Kettering: Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future.
Mirage.
Seeing Zumanity, checking out 1Oak, Hyde, The Bank, Tao, Wet Republic, and Bare  Tiesto Sunday night.
Bored out of my mind!
Monitoring two newbs at work to make sure they learned their shit.
why dont my parents ever shut up
Wat Happened Cookie?
YOUR VOICE is like a combination of fergie  Jesus.STEPBROTHERS LOL.
love it Bishop
C'mon Aztecs!!!
Sold out  havin' fun  Viejas Arena!!!
Last home game!
haha were soo bad at this!
:O
Will get back to you RT : Blow me?
RT : Well?
RT : Was just asked if our bacon is Fried or Baked.
I am starting to love this White House more  more.
Thanks for supporting equal rights for all Americans, !
Great DC fundoctoriser!
There's something about the rain.
It washes away my fears, shelters my ambitions and reminds me that life is so much bigger than me...
I wasnt here from the start, But im here until the end 3
hey bitches!
Lol!
First time in 12 yrs I'm NT  All Star weekend.
?
Am I really missing anything!
Hm  we will try!!RT: Any chance of releasing your cover of Tighten Up so I can buy it and jam out on my iPod?
the library is suddenly very empty.
is it the 58 of snow predicted?
snowbrary weds night
Does anyone have a computer mouse they don't need?
Wanna donate it to us?
We could really use one in our box office.
Check out our brand new website: postprisonedu.org
My Quote of the Day  In faith and hope the world will disagree, but all mankind's concern is charity.
., Alexander the Great
now what?
Sitting in hotel in Beijing listening to Jason misterz sing about SD.
Too funny.
Missing my wife, my sons  San Diego.
Signing out from China!
I tried stripping but all the coins hitting me hurt too much Phil at rehearsal.
spotted again by art museum!
Same outfit but this time with sweatbands.
He is one fit dude.
Time flies when you're having fun.
hey Tiffany do you have a backup account?
Please write back.
Thanks.:
Wine gives great pleasure; and every pleasure is of itself a good.
It is a good, unless counterbalanced by evil.
Samual Johnson
Great.
I will be there and square.
You are very welcome, and it was an enjoyable shoot.
Time to make you famous.
lindsay i found your twinzy!
Yay!
It's finally Friday.
Enjoy your weekend everyone : 
The sad part is, I will always have time for you, when you have barely enough for me.
ReadSketchRead...
I'm a stickler for context
thanks 3 but my cousin whos like my bestest friend !
might talk her parents into wanting to ove there too but she dont want to
Remove hair on your legs, arms, bikini, back and upper lip with laserhairremoval.
Contact 888LEXDOCS for more info!
Stainless steel on the outside, not aluminum.
What did your Mom say would happen if you didn't brush your teeth?
off to work it up.
Wassup LG When u coming to the D homie....
gonna be in town tomorrow and need a hook up.
You got any?
I'm so f hype right now!!
I can't tell you how anxious I am for LiveFromTheUnderground to doctorp!!
June 5th
Just a chill night but I feel lonely and lazy.
why?
love me or sue me.
all day errday!
In May.
Details coming soon but please be sure to join Facebook for updates.
Good Luck!
My daughter said new episode of good luck charlie, victorious, jessi, n ant farm, n ally n austin come daddy we aint gotta go nowhere lol...
Dawgs full strength: BC on PP
Stupid instigator.
lol we balance each other out!
See you wednesday then!
:
I'm oddly disturbed by companies where none of the founder's business card designs match.
Ice Skates for Kids  Choosing the most effective Glaciers Skates for ice skates for kids
great feature!
The team
A: Tamara:we use demographic and behavioral info of our influencers to find similar people in the hopes they will be influencers too
who would YOU like to see me interview?
what album should i review?
shoot me a tweet or email me at
chill with that lil bro, lol.
I'm good  u?
How much of your poem do you have memorized?
I will be checking in to be sure you have at least 1/3 memorized by tomorrow.
Don't be upset, not EVERYONE is going to like you.
I could not agree more.
I'm training for Dec.
17th 9k marathon.
I'm lucky having you everyday...thank God for give me the best mom of the world..without ur unconditional love I wouldn't be here
You burn more calories sleeping than you do watching television.
so far, great response from customers :
You guys doing all Billy Wilder films?
That could take months and months
Shit, I failed.
Me too!
HIGH FIVE.
NRT will be printing soon  got behind on prints so it was easier to remove it from the shop until then.
Thanks
we're waiting to loadin.
You guys around?
I Miss My cousins Already
stop by TONIGHT and get 1/2 off our Pepperoni, Sausage  Pepper or Eggplant  Fennel pizza!
Password: INFINITY Dine in only
My Old City food ennui is so intense right now.
Thanks to our new sponsors Nevada Arts Council and Silver Sky Group!
Thanks for the follow!
Hope you're enjoying sxsw as much as we are.
Sluts should be called, Humpty Dumpty.
First they get humped, and then they get dumped.
What type of beverage would you like Lady?
are you going to be playing a few events?
I'm going to be playing all next week!
come to think of it..I'm so over you..good thing for that.
:
DAMN those teenagers sneaking into churches to have sex...!
I'll sing you jingles on your next album.
I'm the jingle queen.
Such a good day to be alive!
Ha!!
I said mostly nice things about ya anyway, but point taken!
Keep up the good work.
Thanks for following me: ,
pop art was a mirror to the post world war 2 excess.
affluent americans were able to purchase the art because
Try Design Essentials Mist  Shine doctor Finishing Spray, it is a daily moisturizing spray that adds shine to the hair.
All products...
sectionals are so nice!
Love them!
Tune in  Ranking Member Cummings talks about the GOP budget on  3:00 PM EST today.
She use to call me asshole now she doctorp her ass low.
Happy Easter Everyone!
God Bless!
I liked the 4th place couple, but the winners kicked butt!
Maybe  I should campaign?
Almost watched that last night, how was it?
almost got in a crazy car accident!
thank you Jesus for guarding me !
nevermind........
Sorry boo
Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama : She is beautiful and so strong 3 Thank you for all you've done for Justin, we love you!
Turn To You 3
Designer, JHANE BARNES, in person at J.S.
Edwards on Thursday, November 3 at 6 pm to 8:30 pm
it's official I'm sick...sipping tea and brandy
Have to say that Fanta Zero Fruit Punch was today's favorite.
Love those machines.
Saw one at the Chicago NRA show 2 yrs ago.
The Clippers hv only been in the Playoffs 8 times in 42 YEARS?
Jesus.
I knew it was bad but I didn't think it was THAT bad.
Damn.
I'm 4 whatever God is 4 and I'm against whatever God is against .
What he's 4 and what he's against is in the bible.
Read it daily 2 know:
The only residual checks I'm getting these days are byproducts.
The stress of this semester is really starting to get to me.
Nick, FYI incomparable does not mean short.
that bunker is still being built by patriots wanting a primary to complete.
When over I'll craw thru what ever to vote against BHO
I like where your head is it.
Is it bad that I actually googled fake beard stores?
can you record goodwife for me?
I won't land in time to see it.
WOW.
looks like a pimp in his picture.
Almost as pimp as me.
We could pick up some Wisconsin ass tonight
am i right or am i right
Want to lose weight fast after the birth of your baby?
Nurse your newborn.
Nursing can burn as much as 700 kCal per day, and it's FREE!
so do many others that are a part of this protest.
You can still help digitally :
I appreciate it.
Cary man throws 12 punch teaching teens boxing
You are very easily my favorite blonde singing prostitute cameo from 30 Rock.
BOA bought a few more months of my patronage for how well they handled a stolen card number.
Still shopping for a new bank.
Suggestions?
Nail in the coffin.
OVER.
GoCougs!
Anyway doe.
Brandoctoral will place your brand on right track for building a brand that's memorable  powerful.
on book.
Thx Jen!
XoxoRT : happy Mothers Day!!
Follow and get a more depth view into her life!!
Let's Go
lol no...poor Barbie doesn't have a seatbelt
thank you tha tha thank s s you
where are you going?!
The body remembers easily.
don't i know it, sister!
I'm not mad at you, I'm just mad at the situation....
That you created.
alrdy im check it out and let u knw wats up
psyched for tomorrow!
Luncheon at Seattle Design Center
SUSHI!!!
ichiban with
Please let me know when your website is back up!
I'd love to take more time to check out your work.
dang!
Well I went outside and my  blew away!
Do you have anything on problems after the kids are grown?
I'm facing that...would love to hear from who already has.
i do not even KNOW what's going on with my tummy, but los tres, it's gonna be a LONG while til' we meet again.
follow her NOW!
she is so cute, my bestmate, my gorgeous emma poo 3
who are you?
Are you relevant?
Do you need the meaning of that word?
I know it has more than one syllable.
New project comin soon..The Eviction Notice....early summa!!..follow back 4 mo info.
Brewcity what up!!!
i'm good.
How are you?
dirtyjokethursday Because the snowblower was coming.
It's National Women's Health Week!
What are you doing to get active, eat healthy  avoid unhealthy behaviors?
I'm off to pilates!
HUGE stop by the Patriots!
unlike you two i dont have one of those fancy instagram accounts
What do you mean by breaks?
What happens?
Holy crap!!
Wrestlemania is tomorrow!!
Been waiting a whole year to see the rock layeth the smack down!
freud saw blades
CB3 goes yard again, Hamilton who?
time to channel those qr skillz!
Its obvious that I don't deal well with rejection..
It always ends like this
AW.
Poop.
Homeland beat out At least it's a great show.
Oh man standing in front of the bus and blocking traffic on water and Wisconsin, we don't understand your crazy arm gestures.
Washington has requested that Mass.
Militia join Continetal troop on the front lines since the army size has shrunk in the last few weeks.
Once again on line with ATT, worst service in world.
Next time I move, will uniquely make sure don't have to depend on them!
no tape.
attempting origami wrapping.
Glad I'm not the only one.
Teachers who abuse SM can be disciplined by school unless police intervene.
The sheer relief of finally getting rid of that one toxic friend.
The one who gave you nothing but panic attacks.
I have never watched it!
Having a good day
Preparing for our journalism competition.
LA tomorrow.
Panera coffee and a cinnamon crunch bagel  a good start to the day
In case you're wondering, recordings of today's demos will be available in 23 days.
We'll email links to registrants and post them here
i love you guyz , u guyz r cute,funny,and a big inspiration u showed me tht doesnt matter how old you r u can achieve anything:
I'm with you!!
I am officially boycotting ALL professorssional boxing matches!!
Mark my words!
Well, um, I don't think so...I mean, it'll happen eventually...but don't worry about it so much.
RT : Yes, it was a Cub who made the play of the game.
In small quantities, they can be very helpful.
hit me up fool
keep your head up  stay hungry...
Thanks refs.
You guys should go get your eyes checked tomorrow morning.
I am thinking strip poker this weekend with the girls!!
i can't wait any longer...i need gmyh.
but it will be worth the wait omfg iskebdosmwslkz.
3
Flies spread disease  keep yours zipped.
Life is like a game of chess pick and chose ur next move wisely
What are you doing in your smallbiz today to build the vision even bigger?
Speaking of which I am hungry as hell
SAA77  more critical  discussive than other archaeo conferences.
Haven't seen anyone give a talk with zero purpose.
Yet.
Hi, another archivist named Meredith who was also a VISTA!
We should start a club!
sympathies to norwegian bretheren and best to your fam...
re: wine we are just scouting ahead for visitors :
Good point.
Traitors be damned.
:
To a true innovator.
The world wasn't the same when u were here and it won't be now that ur not.
RIP Steve Jobs.
's songs are TOO AMAZING to pick Top5DemiLovatoSongs !
It's impossible 3 x
thanks.
I collab with others, so feel free and let me know what's up
when will you be ready?.
Nice job ARod!!
ThatOnePersonInSchool that literally EVERYBODY hates,
GREAT AMERICAN PIGEON RACE at NOON on August 12th at the Laemmle Sunset 5.
FLY OVER!!!
doctorSS like a pigeon.
WIN A FREE DVD
Back in Chicago, 45 minutes sleep under my belt, in bed wanting to sleep but not happening; thinking of yoga but knowing not without rest...
7.
I believe that Black is beautiful.
Van in ditch by 145  41/45 closing one sbound lane.
hope the ppl are okay, a reminder to be cautious while doctorving.
I swear.
We could've been the stars of beauty and the beast.
I had a doctoram he was back :' gosh it felt so real
Dear residents of Abq.
Please stop shooting eachother.
Thank you.
Great story!
And I'm glad they're still collecting.
I had way too many offers to be able to pick them up myself.
just in case you forgot, I love you dearly, best friend.
One of these days, Alice.
One of these days PATCHOULI!
Right in the kisser!
...
I thought Google might have that feature through its alerts.
I think Yahoo does but I don't want to switch over to Yahoo.
Do you know?
I am so hungry right now.
This is a worst case scenario.
Finding your way?
Find inspiration for your journey!!
Your eyes will brighten and cast light ahead of you to see!!
Every title doesn't accurately describe a story , it's up to you to flip through pages and read for yourself !
im about tht life!!
bitch just doesnt start her new job til a week after so she lucked out grrr lol
We just had an awesome dinner : so yummy!
fans pay the salaries so fans can talk.
Well, it's official: KEXX/Phoenix ditches Alternative for a Gen Xstyle format as My 103.9.
We will be in New York in Sept.
during a few shows will keep everyone posted
are you on my acct ?
Lol
Watching Brett Favre start to run away with this one.
Love seeing Brett still out there doing his thing.
he waited for me.
He's learned patience.
We're going to Australia.
I don't know, maybe I try too hard..
He's baaaaccck!
TIGER set to return to golf at the Masters.
What are your thoughts?
Could he win?
Should he have played a tourney fi ...
CarrieonIdol so tickets go on sale starting May 11th?
Thats so soon for a fall tour.
I am going to at least 5 shows, i need to save up!
and one Filet O Fishsauce on side
Why would you even need to ask such a thing?
Asthma attacks can be tamed with meds
lmfao rightt?
I just wanted to go cause I want to stay away from my house.
:p
Pretty good.
I was Awall over wknd.
Homework ...which Im supposed 2 b doin rt now.
But over 200 now!
's 31 record against your greatest in the past 3 years disagrees!
I can't get you off my mind Give me the chance to love you I'll tell you the only reason why Cause you are on my mindσ
Got in school suspension today
Just a few more mimutes to get your Thors light tee for only 12  www.tshirtcontest.com
The ONLY Heat/Lebron fan on twitter who I respect is
Good morning, hope everyone has a wonderful day.
: 3
Believe in the doctoram.The mythical bearded hipster will appear to you.
AZ is awesome.
I'm sure a little toasty this time of year.
lmao omg we had feathers all over the car too : lol
hope so  you want some concert tickets?
Too hot out for your comfort?
The Maneki Neko say, Come in Mingei International and chill with us.
We're really cool cats.
That might work :
year 2...
success!!!
stay tuned for results and website updates!
Wow who stalks u on a social site smdh
The background is black in the ads before Game of Thrones to match the tone of all the sex scenes.
Apple likes foreshadowing.
Pat Buchanan just called Dick Cheney the Darth Vader of the Bush Presidency, as a compliment.
Crown buildup worse than root canals.
Should have taken today off instead of last Thurs.
your welcome
lol exiled to the east coast, Ha told you
i'm gonna take a pillowcase  fill it full of bars of soap  beat the shit out of you.
Thank you for your dedication to Foster Childoctorn!
I will be able to get like Max 4 people in for free at club play when fab.
Oh ya, this completely justifies the war and our involvement in the middle east for the last 10 years
Home home home!!!
On my old bus on my way home!!
Countryside this weekend!!!
Who!!!
great new site!
Love the featured video and event updates.
I got u bro.
in need of advil cold  sinus, tissues, hot tea, cough doctorps, and SLEEP.
can't avoid this cold anymore :
niall does not approve
I still read a lot more than I write here..
that's probably the only thing that hasn't changed since the days

surprise!
RT : Zellers spox says Speaker not avlbl to talk about 'secret' talks with Vikings
I don't think my little brother should call me an idiot for loving Justin Bieber.
thanks dude!
Very soon!
You'll dig it I promise
get at me for the best tools
Just because I follow you on twitter doesn't mean I want an update every two seconds about your bf or what kind of hoe gear you wear
Lol oh we shall!
Very soon :
Say when, and it's on like Donkey Kong.
Oh I have my moments, lol
thanks for following!
keep in touch.
Here we go  IU vs KY!
Like stealing baby from a candy.
You know that feeling when you wanna punch someone in the face...
as my daughter says: yays!
Hey, if there's anyone in Times Square would you take a photo of the TOUCH TV show mosaic and post it?
Thanks!
Thank You for all your kind words!
Please stop by the studio someday!
Fisher on Kobe!
I hate spring time some times.
Mostly because of the damn roaches.
RT : The Patriots acquire a second round pick from the Saints and a first round pick next year for 28 this year
not anymore lol where is that place at?
C:
Goodmorning : in and hour here comes the funnest part of mt day
Why so many empty seats?
Congrats!
RT : I was elected president of my school's Teenage Republicans club today.
Thx Mark!
Sharing economy  Millennials  very, very cool future.
I am the idiot who forgot to bring a jacket to the game.
Such an epic birthday.
Thanks guys!!
Black Paella with Prawns and Scallops tonight for dinner...
Deliciosa
you had actually already invited me on FB.
There are 2 many events on there now!
I'll do my best to schedule shift  make it
QotD: Because the truth is, everytime you take a big risk in your life, no matter how it ends up, youre always glad you took it.
I wish there was a way on twitter to block DMs from everyone.
I think gettin in my tits could be pretty funny though when you're talking about being stuffed up.
Sneezy boobs.
Hah
Why does it always rain during my morning doctorve????
Offer accepted!!
We're buying a house!
finna workout in a few .
we will likely just try to scam sodas.
Maybe trade them for booze.
Real friends don't just show up to eat, they'll stand there and get popped by the grease with you.
I preferred it when I worked with it.
Moodle is opensource and free so it's both more flexible and less costly.
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
Ben Franklin
I also find that an impromptu routine to Sweet Home Alabama using a hairbrush microphone will usually do the trick.
doors at 6 I believe
Cinco de Mayo special!
Chocolate, candied jalapenos and whipped cream.
Good idea before the tequila shots!
Exercise is done against ones wishes and maintained only because the alternative is worse.
Highly recommend Tryp Hotels in Brazil Incredible comfort, courtesy and cost effective Flying back tonight to Miami, my last trip for 2011
You should really go retrieve that suit of yours.
You're going to need it.
You shall not protest in overalls.
Amen to that.
RT : Connie Schultz quoting her mother, Don't marry him until you see how he treats the waitress.
She is goin to get her diploma and think its the real one
My Boss wins the Martyr of the Year award: I have to come in.
I can't leave my staff in the dark.
Umm, isn't that what you normally do?
HEY!!!: Follow: for SHOUTOUTS  good tweets:
Imagine Michele: Were you sending sexy messages?
Austin: No.
Michele: Then why did you close it?
Austin:cos I can..
woww, you're so good!!!!
I know that you ask to RockMafia but here's my opinion ; keep making covers :D
Excited to be testing our updated site 4 social workers   They help us help cancer patients!
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy
Her love of America was professorund, her personal concept of American Amaranth was engrained in all her childoctorn who servedAMERICAN AMARANTH
The candy bowl at the research desk has been replenished, as has the plate full of Teddy Grahams.
Found St.
Lawrence's church outside York.
This monstrous old beauty has a desecrated graveyard and is surrounded by a dense housing estate:
The mp3 for down is now avail for download on iTunes!!
Go get it!!
I'm up starting on my work and thinking..
wow
The black keys  musical salvation
studioquotes : Don't ask an audio engineer how to treat the clap.
nottheansweryiurelookingfor
we'll try to help make it happen, then!
Awesome news!
I wish you the best of luck whatever you decide.
It is easier to ask for forgiveness than permission.
Especially now with Monta Ellis and Udoh.
Combined with their already stingy D, the revamped O could help them make a run.
WS G7 tonight, FL/GA tomorrow, Pats/Steelers Sunday.
Hey bro,do you have a contact for production?
My mom is funny!
She was like how the Hell u go from a convertible to a suv lol!
Going to see tonight at the House of Blues!
Very cool...Congrats!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
rappin over beats
yeah dude!
The fucker was just chillin out like he was invited!
Lol!
who ever is using this site to send people trojan worms, so that you can hack their accounts, you better stop.
please be advised, that
Fan Fic Documentary seeks fans of all canons.
If you don't end it with He lives in Brooklyn, why are you even writing a bio?
Wait...Management is gone!
dust cloud  flying papers
Learning is its own reward.
Nothing I can say is better than that.
Michael S.
Hart.
Elise thanks I needed that quote I miss seeing you on all of us and The hughleys
I love my wife.
Isn't that also why there is less media?
Fewer people need the media to tell those stories?
Well done to the
Corp that support charities, esp those that help families in need, THANK YOU SWANK n TJMaxx Let's
same!
And well is scared of the thunderstorm and she won't stop talking so I can't go to sleep until she does
Guess its time for bed since she already sleep??
On break at work....
legs hurt, back hurt,  I'm a flirt....
love story?
Really?
Tomorrow I'm either dying my hair bleach blonde or really dark brown..hm.
Josh: said SU prepared him for the business aspects of show biz, getting a manager, etc.
In the lab, with a pen and a pad, tryin to get this label off.
thanks for following us!
Hope you can make it to our festival this year!
Tickets are available on our website at...
I'm a big germ freak.
I hate germs.
Most everything that says turns out to be false.
I pray for Sgt Bergdahl's release  his captainrs' destruction.
Hey there Great to meet you.
I can definitely appreciate all the hats you wear as a filmmaker.
its 4am..
no ones up so im basically talking to myself on here...
Oh, I understand.
Just need to figure out which is which...
whaa really?
link or it didn't happen!
It is ridiculous that Ohio State suspended football coach Jim Tressel for only 2 games.
I guess all that matters to OSU is you beat Michigan
Watching Think Like A Man in a ghetto ass theater and observing the couple in front of me is hilarious.
welcome to twitter!
What new FB friend?
Bunch of crooks
Even though my dads birthday was the 10th we are eating cake today
if i like you, i'll stalk you
I KNEW it was going robe him!
Someone just said im bangable lol
is unhelpful again in locating a lost package...no answers.
Unbelievable.
you are really good at guessing!!
;
Im in that 2 seat lambo with your girl she tryna jerk me.
Will do!
I'm sorry Dave...
RT : bbbT Asked Siri the meaning of life: I don't know why you would ask that question of an animate object
Good morning Fred Roggin?
You have the best sports voice!
Did you ask them to look into for their future ippv's ?
oh you tease!!!
Lol so Friday, bay cafe happy hour?!
Then Saturday there is something called wine in the woods.
Think about itt
annd get on yahoo ill be on in tten
Thanks for following Hun.:
Tomorrow morning is gonna kick my butt.
RT A4cwsn will give an iPad away to a Military Family at Noon EST on Christmas day
there isn't a student at IUP who wouldn't have saved that third goal.
I give him a pass on the second one.
Shoulda been dead
Great!
RT we started our study on SunStandStill in life group tonight!
Praying for our Page 23 visions.
The BEST is yet to come
Good move for both sides.
CONGRATS JUSTIN !!!!
We are young but We can makeachange , muchlove , beliebers :
my black ass got caught up from a status aint dat bout a bitch
On using vid vs text: If you can send at least 1 video  1 text article, 1 is likely speaking their language.
they just answered it for ya lol
Um...is Adele really considered pop?
I thought she was more soul.
.
made a similar comment in Rhetoric panel's QA.
MT :Because this is feeling very closed  male.
what up bro.
How's things
thx!
I had no idea that was there, having looked even earlier today.
Perhaps I didn't know Mobilizer is a word.
As a UK fan in Dallas, I wanted to say thanks for the article on misterWildcat.
Very well done and took me back to my roots.
explains things RT he could not play any longer this season with out getting the condition corrected by surgery
Thanx for the holiday shout outs, Be well  do good
Giants select David Wilson rb
that explains all the tornado reports today....hm.
RT : RT : Serious question, were you a Heat fan prior to 2011?
when's Havens next episode!?!?
Silence is bliss.
qua
precisely the place.
How'd you like staying here?
I hope you partied in Boulder....
they did this digitally???
Magic!!!
Makes sense.
He's super scrawny where it's perfect and I love him and I want to marry him.
It's the best kind of snow.
:
nope just the study guides.
Yeah it is TOO nasty.
Yes!
Meet us for dinner!
We'll be there Sat evening.
oatmeal...what a delight.
It's the small things...
Sad news out of the New Leaf camp.
But at least they're all in good spirits.
And they have a hit on their hands!
KARAOKE WITH MY UNCLE SANG A BETHANY JOY GALEOTTI SONG....WHEN THE STARS GO BLUE......
THANKS BETHANY
Although it's really old .
Love the show so far.
I now have a new show to share with my husband.
Thanks for being so honest.
its a great day to be a hawk!
classic 4
wearing a dive mask, preparing for upcoming trip
Dalton and Green can be quite the tandem for a long time, you watch
Looking for some talented people in a Client Engagement type of role.
Part Consulting and Part Sales focused on CRM, eCommerce, collaborat
today was all about upper body..lotsa arm weights whew ;
LOL RT : BREAKING: I'd like to announce I'm suspending reading anything further about the candidacy of Herman Cain.
Thanks for the follow Matt  and for signing the crowdfunding petition!
Butter it is  will make reservations there  see you mid May!
New follower.
Enjoy your SXSW experience next week!
Great Album!
Had a Good Bday!!!!
Immigrants are more likely to be interested in worldclass sports events than TO's hardcore sports fans.
Immigrants  Visitors  Success
Man, my back sucks.
Cadillac is too small for these road trips.
In indiana somewhere catching a break, hour and a half or so to go.
Alex, Glad you are back to keep Ant in line for a while.
:
me to
thank you, Coach!
Im ready to get my workout in so I can layout all day 
It is what it is.
You're a skater and a thug??
I did'nt know you could be both
Tried on a lotion that smells horrible!!
at dfw w/sporting kc soccer team; crazy looking dudes w/huge watches onsoccer lol
Statement from family: Dick Clark passed away this morning at the age of 82 following a massive heart attack.
Girls night at Blue with you!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO NICKI MINAJ!!!
I LOVE YOU!!!
Most welcome  good content should be shared!
I LOVE the amazing actress Michelle Williams so much!
I just think she is oneofakind!
: shes my fav fav fav fav favvvv person!
Farmer  jackson are tough to listen to for more than a few innings.
I met them leaving Target Field last year.
Nice guys.
ahahahahahahhahaha hell no
Prove it to me.
Omg!
I'm crazing krispy kremes and koolaid!
LOL dang right ...
my rice ain't sticky LOL
Our flight has been cancelled.
God will make a way.
That is so true because just found out my best friend is a
Can anyone remember where johntesh played on new years y2k?
Can't find it online but remember it was epic
yes!
but how?
lol
Good news at doctor today!
No surgeries to be had!
Fibroid exploded and now in the clear.
Woot woot!
We will get the latest on Lee Evans during today's AFTERNOON doctorVE  2pm ....
MT Ugh.
Greenwald and Steve Schmidt on tonight?
...
what else is on..
Obama hater And Token Republican
I knew about Karmin before she even went on SNL....
Am I a hipster yet?
The thick and juicy Nacio Puente will be in your hands soon.
Prey for Blessing.
Book 4 of The Embellish Saga coming August 2012.
Has anyone seen Herman Cain in the pilgrim hat?
?
My mouth automatically says shit when something wrong happens.
No donughts again :/
lol he hugged me twice but i didnt go up to jc cause he was with his friends i just yelled hi :
Follow some of our new organizing crew: , ,  Or meet them tonite at Killingsworth Lucky Lab, 7p.
Our new salad bowls are made of 95 recyclable materials.
That's keeping more than 2.5 million pounds of plastic out of landfills.
Also, zombie talent show.
God..love a good road trip.
Especially with !!
dollsinacar 
nice view!
10 years from now, we will look back  wonder who decided that standardized test scores were most important thing in education.
DianeRavitch
today launched a new handle, geared towards women.
Check out for info on their athletes and the gear they love
is confirmed for Much Ado About Brew: save the date April 2nd at Jack London Square Oakland.
get tix www.kgoradio.com/beer
I heart  car payment slashed!
Bout to get this shape up, go home pack for an hour take a nap til 7:30 then il b up n ready for the night
thank you for the ff.
I look forward to following!
The chances of Dawn marrying any of them is very low.
The little bitch doesnt know who she wants.
RT : RT : College football is the world's greatest game, there's just nothing like it.
Watch my ass while I'm doctornk as fuck
You inspire me RT: Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
Henry Ford
your welcome:
Looks like there will be a cleanup on aisle 5.
These are the nights that I even wonder why I bother cheering for the Bucks.
Simply atrocious tonight.
don't ever give up!
Damn didn't know you wanted some, I'm not making more but cuts mine in half here you go homie hahah
Heading over to the emerge2012ASU kickoff.
Heard the 'Call You Maybe' cover of and .
Amazing
would also live to see the  am doing the tp dance all too soon!
bcs2012 kudos to for her steel backbone in facilitating a VERY heated discussion of opinionated geeks.
You go, girl!
Ohhhhp true lol it can't be worst than Jasmine right ?
;DD
Aww, it'll be awesome!
No worries.
Exhibit: Tell People the Story Gus Potthoff paints to remember his fellow prisoners of war, who built the Burma Thailand Railway during...
I'm quite intrigued with the IMPI Toolbox and wish I was there!
ha ha you just admited you did it
My fashion sense is legendary, I have a real eye, ask anyone
Watching Lady and the Tramp, I really don't get why cats are always portrayed as bad.
They're snuggly and fluffy.
IT'S WORTH ITT!
with it!
follow back please?:D
Looks like we are going to LLO 2012 together.
Congrats!
Can't wait to see you there.
thanks a bunch man :D
I really hate autocorrect sometimes
Never stop photographing.
It is very likely that your best photograph has not yet been captainred.
jealous.
To top it off did you get to see the cubs blow that lead?
anytime :D
Hey, thanks for sharing our piece.
damn loosing followers...
help me out
please follow me?
It would make my day3
There is WMC weekend with Ultra and also The Miami Dade County Fair is going on ...
What is everyone doing for the Weekend??
RIP Junior Seau
bro no lie!
You really might can this summer if your 100 down
I remember thinking why was Dewayne Wayne SO OBSESSED!
oops shoulda been a text to wife.
Hate them?
They probably want to stand up and stretch and/or get away from the halitosis they sat next to.
Success doesn't come to you...you go to it.
Marva Collins
thankyou  u honor us greatly
Jan 31: Female Hip Hop Competition  Daughters of Hip Hop 1,000 Grand Prize!
Judged by Grammy Award Winning Producer ROCKWILDER.
Don't have enough time in your day to read but love reading, check out my microstories in the link to follow and let me know your thoughts.
RT : o yeah!
evaluate!
man Kimbark always tryna get a nigga to work
lol.
they weak anyway
I love you
Hope u all had a good day..
dam.
Hospital wont let me leave..
lol
lol I get you!
yes he is
Dunno why they didn't just go for the two yards...
:/
I am happy to pass on the info.
I live in KC too.
Army men 3 yummy.
omg !
That sucks :/ on break to !
Feel better soon !
I've been to Lipari and Pozzallo, I would agree with that list.
My journey has come to an end, I talked too a lot wise people on this journey.
my CONCLUSION iz women hold the biggest grudges ever
Alright term paper...
It's me and you.
Easy stallion, just don't want you tired for the Rollout!
Prep ?s on possible book revisions.
Try to get specific answers, if possible.
Reclining, bare skin, in the rain.
Each doctorp a caress.
Bliss.
I'm a stress blinker...
modern family
the pickle commercial makes me laugh out loud.
every time.
I'm working from a coffee shop because I didn't want to be alone.
Will join you shortly to eat my wraps.
good question, but no idea what the answer is.
perhaps the twittersphere knows?
or the googles?
Watching how harry met sally.
Never seen the entire movie before
Heat are going bananas in CRYami.
5 straight wins!!!
Wait?
Losses?
Are you sure?
The Heat lost 5 straight?
Doesn't add up!
Don't ever give up on life.
Life can be so beautiful, especially after you've spent a lot of time with it.
Move up!
Boys are like a box of chocolates; sometimes you have to spit a few out before you get the good one.
yes!!!
Happy Sunday indeed
okay : now I can go back to yelling at my TV!
LOHANTHONY 3 please i would dir if you gave me a shoutout
Had a great time at pnwds.
Thanks to all the organizers, sponsors, volunteers, and the presenters that brought the awesome content!
thank you for being at mf2011.
I hope you make it to more programs.
They've got a lot of great stuff to choose from.
Integrity who inspiers you ?
The Playbook of Eli
that picture of austin and romo is just too adorable i cant handle it.
If you go chasing rabbits you know you're going to fall, right?
Who is feelin da heat like I do!
I want to cry..
that makes me so mad...
I love my dad and that joke was so uncalled for.
Fuck you.
You going to Rush in Indianapolis?
wait, wait, wait....
TeamGhana?
baaah.
i'm bored.
and i'm too lazy to do anything entertaining.
Got copies of the new album in the trunk..get at me for a copy!
What does a zen master say at the hot dog stand?
make me one with everything
you still on fb too ?
RT RT My life is so much cooler now that Sam Elliot has agreed to narrate it.
i hope the people on the lax on plane 703 are alright
miss u too!!
Come down w becca!!
Good Tuesday morning, Twitterverse!
I hope a good night was had by all and I hope your day is off to a great start!
A peanut fix me sum of dat dick gregory
Up.
Coffee, granola, blogs, clean the bedoctorom.
Yes.
Also, doctornking alone isn't as much fun as it used to be.
What's up, world?
How is everybody today?
Sea Otter 2012: Redline39;s new carbon fiber frames
: Soyuz TMA04M CdoctorPadalka just radioed that they have a good view of the Space Station.
NASA ESArt
15 mph wind expected blowing out to leftcenter at Goodman 1 tonight good news for Big 10's power hitters, 90 degree temps a different story
Cats take care of Vandy, Georgia you are next to get run over by the BIG BLUE TRAIN !!!!
Love my team
: Battier is weak as fuckk!!
Game over
he does have one of the best notary stamper thingies in the United States of Texas.
: Thank you for the follow!!!
Thank You for following me xoxo
FF Columbia 'treps making it happen
ihate guys thats y im single
I never heard of that county.
lol.
I worked in montgimery and lived in bmore.
other than that I know pg cty.
bc of family.
Nice...
I just heard my buddy Easan on KCPR talking about leasing solar.
knocked out from playing with kia all afternoon..
Large gravitational hub that all data goes through.
Concentrates.
Data..52 of books in physical libraries are never circulated
Bon voyage, Paul!
Say hello to the old country  eat some Jacob's cream crackers for me.
Had an odd craving for them last night.
Closing in on the guest singer lineup for Queen ...
ok good.
Yeah we got back a little bit ago....
that would be so awesome!it was forever ago.haha remember whn y'all came to Wichita falls,TX?
26 on the Orange County/Los Angeles charts on blues.
Oh so close to the first page!
Thanks so much.
If you like us keep spreading the...
Bought my boyfriend's mom flowers  the cutest card ever
At safe house screening can't wait to see Denzel on screen
Thanks for the feature!
I pretended to play trombone in hi school so I could travel to away games.
In a big band, no one notices when you fake it.
Having a fever sucks!!
But I have my baby to make me feel a little better ;
After I finished Murakami's 1Q84 last night I actually found myself checking to make sure there isn't a second moon.
Nope, still just one.
And besides im pretty sure oomf doesnt like me
attempts to watch football but just sings show tunes.
what up cool cuz
a sketchwriter is an improviser bent over a desk with a pen wet with inspiration going faster and faswow, still sexual.
Great, thanks for all the insight!
yes I am too ;
This morning, cold outside but I have one track to complete and then on to the mastering ordeal.
COME TO THE UK
love you 2 
My daddy's right, just need distance myself from certain people and all there crap.
Maybe it'll help.
time to clock in boys!
I hope Tebow tries to run.
You think the hit on McCoy was hard!
I LOVE Hayley Williams!!!
Like you guys don't even understand how much!
I would prob die if I met her!
Seriously..
cuz tht movie go hard in the paint....just let the storm clouds chase everyone in the place........im happy agian singing
After this Ap bio final tomorrow morning, the BIGGEST weight will be lifted off my shoulders...
hi i went real site seein 2day but bye ima call u
people stare cuz u r a sexy beast Duh 
but what now with absence of CLASS Act front end  contributions?
Thanks you have a Great Voice !
When I started at WBEE in 94, a fellow by the name of aka Big Daddytrained me!
I made a million dollars from home by convincing people they could make a million dollars from home and you can too!
Likewise  glad to be working with you and your team.
RT you rock.
thanks
they'll let you in if it's not sold out
Get backstory for resume.
Ask What gets you jazzed?
Should I change my professorle picture in to a picture of me ???
Had great/fun audition as a lifeguard for 90210!
Intern with photographer now, agent night tonight!
Great actor day!
are there workshops out there?
An environment where we get folks over the bar so they can learn these tools?
Anyone doing that?
Wait, why is Rosario Dawson the official spokesperson for National Trains Day?
The things you learn from LiteFM ...
Does anyone know how to sign up to play Monopoly CityStreets?
Today's class starts at 12;30
rough day today
Check my comments on your YouTube channel.
Only 9 days left in INCOMPLETE PASSES giveaway on Goodoctorads!
Sign up now!
Catching up on alot of my shows
Happy Friday the 13th!
Does that mean I need to watch a scary movie tonight?
Hmm
Blum holds that religious symbolism and the spiritual damnation of the South enabled the North to initiate  sustain the Civil War
InOurGeneration we didn't have cell phones or playstations.
We had Atari and a corded phone!
If your keeping score...
Lavo Brunch 1 million points Dennys ZERO.
COMPUTER WHY Y NO STOP LAGG.
DISLIKE.
Twitter needs to disable that twitterjail option..LOL.
Stay True To Yourself,And Remain Reckless
Man, Conley's stats are way up in the playoffs.
Not too shabby.

The Magic Game Wit The Big Homie!!
Need This W Baby!!!!
Finishing up a score for this awesome commercial.
Feels good to branch out.
Thank you.
I hope it stirs a new swell of patriotism and a remembrance of those who've served.
Excellent....
TWOJ BANK  Article Directory  The Porsche 911 Turbo Is Known ...
Good Luck to JHU Lax tonight vs.
Albany.
Under the lights on Homewood Field.
Great Atmosphere.
going with my girlfriend to get her nose and tongue pierced
Ish gets real when you have to break out fractions.
Is the retired life good for mental cognition?
Check out the NY Times article at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
At church...
with Monsters.lololol
haha, ops.
I sent that right before class anyway!!
Before you get in the game you have to know what a win means to you.
How much can you handle losing and still consider yourself winning?
Meeting my little for dinner and a chuck e cheese reunion!
So excited!
There are 3 kinds of people: those who can count and those who can't.
Thx to the end of prohibition we can doctornk them in plain sight!
RT : Sun King, Three Floyd's, Flat 12, Harrison Whiskey
She's a lesbian
Hha hey loser your cousin was here ;D
Thanks for the post  the featured video ; Glad to see you enjoyed the meadowlark jam
All the good girls are taken...
Linda crafted a gorgeous necklace today  garnet and antique brass  what an artist's eye.
Damn me for being so stubborn...
Never again will I wear short shorts outside at night...
I know who im gonna give my 3000th tweet to :
CORRECTION: We are almost ready to reopen for our 2nd anniversary with a brand new bar!
Join us Thu night with The Chardon Polka Band!
DJ Nate will be doin it Live all Day
Just when I'm completely depressed by bigotry in the news, comes on my feed to wish me a Happy Grilled Cheese Day.
Ah, love.
No one cares about this story anymore it is so old news
never just waiting on my pizza when u coming home
and your brand is on sale this week at Top's!!!
Freezer fill up!
cool !!
thanx for the follow!!
The 4Th Annual MLK Day Youth ParadeHouston Will Consist Of 18 Marching Bands And 9 Parade Floats.
For Info Log Onto www.mlkgrandeparade.org
it's RESPECT.
I'm grading in how respectfully I treat myself too.: got another 8 today.
My brother and I were talking yesterday how gardens are works of art.
How do I submit banners and logos for site owners to use on their sites to show support?
Right now it says the site has 0.
Opportunity follows struggle.
It follows effort.
It follows hard work.
It doesn't come before.
THE AMERCIAS BEST DJ TOUR NEXT STOP COCO XO FRIDAY NIGHT W/ DJ STICKY BOOTS !!
LAST CALL FOR TABLES !!
Can get any club crunk,I seen it for my own eyes
please have a Timmy Ho's for me!?!
Wrestling is the gayest thing in life!!
I wish my eyes could take photos.
I am fine with HTML5 as a mechanism for richer platform agnostic Viewers :
On the hunt for BBQ in Bluefield, WV.
Anyone?
Some people dont like living near noisy roads, schools or commercial areas.
These things affect enjoyment of a home and property value.
All I wanna hear these days are Tim Hecker soundscapes and preWWII blues.
The sound of ghosts.
Oh good lord, find out where Sarah got it, then.
Dang.
Banging bongos in the doctorm circle
romney is already a danger to the nation every time he opens his LYING mouth, not capable of telling TRUTH!
KerbeyLane pancakes for dinner.
Because I'm grown up and I can.
A few simple tips: Don't promise when you're happy, Don't reply when you're angry, and Don't decide when you're sad.
I've never been exposed to so many puns.
Join us for half price burger night and Happy Hour specials from 47pm!
all gifts definitely acknowledged, larger gifts get hand written note and/or phone call.
what was the mssg about Evans computer, misterTweerer?
Workin on my night off,so its LazyWorkFlowMode I'm doctorving this oil truck like Ice Cube was whippin that 64 in Today was a good day
That match was insane!
building a green home in Jamaica this summer and researching designs on natural home building.
HOLY COW!!
HOLY SHIT OPENS IN TWO DAYS
Fluffy people don't do no sprintin'...
Thx for the follow
Very fun to chat in person.
Unlimited characters!
MT : So wonderful when social media and real life collide.
That was one of the most terrifying airplane crashes I've ever seen in any film.
Fuck I hate flying.
Marriage is a relationship between 1 man and 1 woman.
I agree 100 with that :
I don't trust anyone who doesn't listen to David Bowie.
Don't just talk at people, listen to what's important to them.
Their motivation, their history.
Learn about them!
BieberShouldveWon mouth is still open....
I'm litterally speachless..
Can't believe this!
i love Rihanna  !
yep so damn happy just there more tests and I'm done for the year
Hi Ya!
Absolutely!
:o ThankYou for the Follow!
well I don't know much of that background, but if he is moving to avoid paying taxes, that doesn't seem right to me.
and all of them aren't from pittsburg and have never been!
Fuck shittsburg
Leaving The Q, My Cavs gota win aganist NY...I couldnt end the night w/o taking her 2 see Think Like a Man so we headed 2 da movies...
THANK YOU for sending me this post.
I believe we should protect every Floridian...cutting funds isn't the way!
Promise?
I'm free most days ; x
FACT!!!!
Not many people will win the heart of a Cancer.
When a Cancer picks a lover, it's a special moment..
I don't always ff, but when I do, I ff , ceo extraordinaire.
I see you , I see you.
Coming up 10:45 MST CEO shows how open textbook model detours cost/access roadblocks eisummit Tweet your q's.
I smell bacon
yeah it was!
So sleepy.
EEK!
Nice hit baby 33333333
Come cure that St.
Patty's Day hangover at TK!
We've got 3 Bloody Marys  Mimosas till 3pm while you catch all the March Madness
Project: Embroidered apparel www.BNoticed.com
you are most welcome!
Congratulations!!!!
ItGetsMeMadWhen people ignore me..
need some graphical inspiration?
Check out our crazy awesome website and forum www.wearelux.com
Best part of ash Wednesday?
Telling everyone of them that they have some dirt on their forehead when I walk by.
just kidding with ya ;
Yes!
I can't wait for the summer
nothing at wrk bored
Im really liking this
Kudos to you for writing that.
It said pretty much what I feel.
I wouldn't have the energy to deal w the reaction.
This is truly outrages if this pass's you can bet everyone will be next.
GreatnessIs making a difference...
will be tomorrow.
I feel like they just slapped together the three stooges movie ...
Smh
No matter how deep the hole, you can always climb out.
and twitter?
Durant will get a ring before Lebron ever does.Just my opinion
Eating some cookies 'n cream icecream :
Finally , Spring Break !
haha dork.
Dude, I can't get over this.
Like, wow.
youre going to have to up that tweet number...but at least now you have a follower :
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SCOTT MENVILLE AND TARA STRONG!
Thank you
it waa super funny..
Just too many black people at the movies ..
Couldnt hear half the movie
Terrell Suggs  Ball So Hard University
I probably won't see you.
I think were leaving when the hats go up.
Sorry to jump in, but I cannot contain myself.
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME RIGHT NOW?!?!
vomits
We're now 7 hours and counting from our live Badgers coverage from Boston on 91.7 FM!
How many Wordpress admins know about the Super Administrator user role?
Congrats Jordan White!!!!!
Picked by the New York Jets!!!!!NorthRidgevilleRangers 1st player from this High School to go pro!
It's not listed on Adobe Digital Editions yet, but the iPad should be able to use it...
and library books.
You got that Correct!
Ricketts is a Hypocrite!
Nice.
Printer that I need today arrives tmister.
Ream of paper for said printer?
Will get here today, just as I ordered it!
Just because you've got a bajillion followers doesn't mean you can tell other what to do GET BACK IN YOUR CAGE BISH
Omg everybody threw their tests out for hatzell I don't even remember getting mine I hope I'm not the only one that's gonna fail
It's ok, , no one ever listens to me either.
LOL
I want waffles and a dance party in my living room.
Right this second.
It's pretty disgusting how people are spamming and selfpromoting using the IranElection tag.
They should be ashamed of themselves.
kickinit is on in a few hours!
who is excited?!
ive done EVERYTHING for her and shes done nothing back
Anybody how do you say heartbroken in spanish lol im serious 3 TeAmo 3
No problem!
Sounds like a roarin' event :
where the pb cookies at
Hello again.
Check out the new additions to what's new by going to my Reverbnation page!
XO
Waking up with a Good morning beautiful text from someone you like 
Why not do more, be more?
Why not extend those limits?
To whoever is doctornking at the relay tonight, I hope you get hit by a very, very large bus
This wil be a banner year for crawfish.
Who will have the biggest bugs?
yes ik lol do u even know who I am LMFAO
Hi Justin, it's Kim from the Andersonian.
They don't sell espresso at HD last I checked.
Maybe a Red Bull?
Great Quote!
We featured Ms.
Sirleaf in our Childoctorn's Gallery this year.
sorry I corrected the link
There's a time for play and a time to get serious....
now would be one of those times go get serious
However!
Hopefully that means someone can get off the waitlist!
Awww come on Beckons you towards
Jingshen is the Mandarin word for spirit and vivacity
can we plan a get together soon???
Productive discussion about this year's budget this morning.
Good exchange of ideas.
Can't start planning too early.
She basically sounds like she babbling with conversational intonation if that makes sense.
I want someone to shut up kiss me , lol..
Sardines are a hit with Zoe and Lewis vetsorder cats
can u follow me plzz im the one who made u the bday pic and itll make my day awesomer!!
Damn!!: Rise of the gated community.
Gated Communities were yellow or green areas, meaning safe and banks invested in them.
hahah yeah i guess so :
Turn the Internet off for one day all of the cool kids are doing it.
Chaka X admin, please follow back.
Web Tip of the Day: Take a minute to think about how easy the text on your site is to read.
Who are Accounts?
I've only heard of Creatives.
Haha.
: RT Creatives and Accounts butting heads?
Never!
lol awww thanks.
I hope its a good one
don't spend it all in one place
I use to love her
What a Party it was on Saturday.
Rock the shit out of
149 days till summer
Highlight of my day: I just a saw a little geese family.
They has two little babies : awe
RT : Diamondbacks end skid, defeat Giants 51 in series opener at Chase Field.
Ready to make Jesus famous tonight at a battle of the bands at South Paulding high school!
see ya there!
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?: 25
The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him/her to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently.
doctorKE playlis on blast man summ old songss make me remember why he so dope 3
Ah Shoot!
Let's do it
Haha...
Back where it belongs!
Watching ABDC forgot to yesterday :p
Today is the last day to enter My Baby Pajamas April Freebie Friday.
You have until midnight PST.
Good luck to everyone!!
new 30sec doctornking game: watch olive garden commercial.
doctornk whenever a group of people laughs.
get you fucked up good.
Thanks for the RT
you too Bill:
A boy's sleepy voice is seriously the sexiest thing ever.
Why do you think I call you every morning!
:
Gonna make a PowerPoint presentation as the final means to persuade my parents into moving back to California.
it is a interesting beer for sure.....but for me, you can only knock back one or two...no more.
Again, really interesting..
Taking in 2 little water or losing 2 much water leads to dehydoctortion.
Brittle hair no matter what u do 2 it?
Need more water.
I need more creative projects  growthinspiring life challenges.
Maybe a change of scenery?
Thoughts on thoughts on thoughts.
awwe I love you !
During the BECKHAM commercials, mostly.

I'm addicted to this shit
Just my luck, I'm on North Capitol  President Obama just passed by.
And thanks for alerting me to Sam.
He's a cool guy to follow.
jhuAAM will be there!
Can't wait to meet more JHUers
Nothing could put me in a better mood than this a Rocky marathon on amc right now.
So pumped and ready to rage.
and there's the oscar mayer wienermobile, lots of love to mister Stevens :
i hat you .
everyone follows you.
All i have is Austin, Peyton, Sarah, and Madison
Sorry I missed the LitChat today.
Bet it was an amazing session.
Have a good weekend.
RT : I got tears...
Don't judge.
RT : Musical performance of the night was the Willie Nelson Chipotle ad
Back in the day.':
i took nyquil last night and i got me like an extra 30 minutes
Thanks for links, y'all.
I'd have to kill you if you were a zombie.
What you going to school for?
going to the mall cant wait :D
RT Just launched, rehabretaildesign.com  thanks 2 Steve Kosaka as design and Dan Robert as codev.
Good luck 2 REHAB.
Go gettem!
hey flow me??
ejeje me sigues :
I can't wait for F1 to get going this weekend.
There is just nothing else that happens in March
Thank God for the pause button.
Yes, He was sitting up there going,Me damn, if I could only pause this SoB.
Oklahoma was better when they had Blake Griffin...and Taylor, too.
thanks so much for coming out!
it was great seeing you
Thank you for showing your support!
RT Thank you for the awesome evening.
I was so exited to get your latest issue.
Thank you!
Glad that traffic on my way to work today isn't too bad
Sure, prebuilt themes work for a majority of people, how about when you want to actually stand out from the crowd?
You need to go out.
Lot's of awesome restaurants in the area.
Ohio and Kentucky side.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY...to all the single gals, married gals, lesbian gals, and so on.
Marley on his deathbed returned to the Christian faith of his youth.
he'd probably regret that he became the poster child of
u can have mine
Geez, I don't think I can wait till summer to watch Season 3, Monday nights are going to be the worst.
Happiness is not a fortresses that may be sieged..
Peace is only obtainable from within
With the 163rd pick in the FSWA FantasyBaseball Experts doctorft I went with : Angel Pagan
Enjoy your Tuesday evening
That iPhone commercial with Zooey Deschanel is ridiculous.
I don't want to put on real shoes.
Oh, but 7 layers of makeup is fine?
Thanks to everyone who came out to hear our story at last night's smckc event.
Enjoyed meeting everyone  hearing your great questions.
Trying to figure out why I brought a banana with me for breakfast instead of the chocolatepeanut butter cups sitting at home...
hm..
: can't understand a joke!!
Hahaha the itouch is small now that you'd mention it!
O.o PERV INDEED
Congrats to Dan Duquette on his Orioles GM role.
We're thankful for his amateur Baseball contributions in Boston the last few years.
FriEND BoyfriEND GirlfriEND They all end in END...
FamILY ILY  I love you Family  WINNER!
: 3
I don't know.
I sort of like him, though.
A1: can't forget  does a great job with both sportsbiz  SM  is a best practice of how to activate w/brands
I love the movie Boiler Room
Waiting for my flight to Columbus.
Cant wait to see Barry Manilow tomorrow night!
so today i was saying your mom to stuff, and this gurl said who uses lotion?
and i waslikenotyourmom, she started crying cuz her mom is dead
My life consists of eating sleeping and tweeting .
He likes me
oh yeah diddle randy!!
:
hay.
Follow me 3
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst!
His work is absolutely superb!
Watching football is like watching pornography.
There's plenty of action, and I can't take my eyes off it, but when it's over, I wonder wh
You guys should come to Kentucky.
Nothing but MINDLESS LOVE down here
Thank you for the retweet!
You are definitely sweet!
Staats owned a lot of Albany real estate.
Philip Schuyler owned Staats' 1667 house.
.
nothing to do....
500 FREE Business Cards at www.NYCPRINTDIRECT.com
A threemonthold baby gorilla takes its first shaky steps at London Zoo.
visit www.tncnews.com click on Video News
Don't look now, but youknowwho is following you.
Hope you and Andoctorw are well!
as the beer arrives at csw4 let me remind attendees that is ready for you!
i miss talking to you 3 notice me again?
it's been about 2 weeks..
it would be so awesome if they actually did it!!.
chillin out working on stuff for the band
Combined ERA of 22.50 tonight, looking sharp, you dicks!!!
Nothing like being next to a bonafied creeper for 4 hours.
Does anyone have a imac laptop charger?
We've changed our name from  follow us here as we're going to be use this new The Great Online account!
so true.
Oh my God  slipping away oh my gosh.
Collaboration w/ Brooks Museum  Dixon is SO impressive!
A Very Impressionistic Summer has national publicity.Info  impressmemphis.org.
hacking in the LES, LAMF.
Cold pints and classic 70s NYC punk rock.
Anyone else notice the technology in MenInBlack is more advanced in the past than it is in the future?
Hey!
Make sure to follow my othere account taylablake !
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 21
Really enjoying the panel Marketing the Arts to Death  messages have to change to create results!!!
Thank you, ma'am 
..to be opened  receptive to what is preached.
Fuck endless bus rides athlete problems
Breakfast, Bloodies, Beach.
Just another day in paradise.
We are all set for JingleInJuly on Saturday, Going to be a great time!
Come and get 10 off VIPs get 20!
Ewww, John Mayer seriously needs to reconsider his Grammy look...
Is tomorrow only Thursday?
These weeks are getting slower and slower.
Just bought National Lampoon's Vacation on Bluray.
WORTH IT
NEW ALBUM ALMOST DONE!
MIX MIX MIX!
Name and Art coming soon!
Love is the joy of the good, the wonder of the wise, the amazement of the Gods.
Damn Wade missed the easiest layup of all times lol
I'm down what time u know im coming
lmao yeah you would've enjoyed it if you weren't a nerd :p
this ones getting ugly, Red Wolves up 7550, couldn't think of a better way to start the meat of the conference season 930whon.com tune in
Just saw a sign...
Killing 2 birds with one Jones.
LOL.
Long hair, don't care
When you follow your bliss, doors will open where there were none.
Joseph Campbell
Just Trying to Get El Pinche De Nicholicious To Follow Me Haha
I have no idea.
You would think clips would be on a track meet n push it.
yeah, unfortunately I tried that.
But she doesn't have or really use computers.
Makes it tough, can't read minds yet.
I'm so bored right now
thoujght i saw you tweet eaarlier that you were trying a French beer for 1st time
RT : Construction workers are so hot
Haha!
Yes, you did!
funny you should mention doctornks...
Having some ice wine right now.
AskScandal this is my favorite show !!
this show is scandal ous!!
Obama is on jimmy fallon tonight, should be interesting.
Yea now the rest of the team has to step it up.
I still think we can make a good run with the players we have though.
Is this true?
The Bridges of Madison County is 50 Shades of Grey without SM.
RT :snowstorm gonna b so epic Charlton Heston's dead body going 2 rise frm the gravehope he leaves gun in the grave
Thanks!
Good to meet you too, best wishes with SECRETS
hey!
I know.
Let's plan our skype date.
And Liyen is coming to visit me that weekend in Milwaukee.
I know, something must be wrong with the system...
haha thanks for the vote!
Excellent banditing piece.
See you at the Chicago Marathon.
I'll be the guy with the Walking Dead gait.
Operation Patriot at Charlotte Beach look amazing with 343 flags.
Cold Cross Creek starts around 2!!!!
the amount of pictures that me and send to each other in our conversations
Making magnificent music is much more important than yard apes.
Guys, follow this for me .
I'll be following everyone who follows her.
Im checking :
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska?
:D 8
Don't use the purple ones bro!
My dick is still on fire!
the brother of my lover, after using Trojans fire  ice condoms on me.
Easy  Peyton's Denver debut.
Second time at Whole Foods Pasadena today.
It's like I live here.
The food channel has innovative programing for fun and easy meals.
FOLLOW ALONG WITH ME Paula Deen
Wow  it is not often I see someone quoting Carlos Castaneda  impressive.
NYC is great, thanks!
Paid a visit to Topshop and Uniqlo today.
:
I don't even talk about school or grades with my parents so what in the hell makes you think I wanna talk about it with you.
You ready for the playoffs?
Bulls are taking the East, I can feel it.
RT Once in a rare while, somebody comes along who doesnt just raise the bar, they create an entirely new standard of measurement.
RIP
See The Beatles Love Cirque du Soleil show at The Mirage if you haven't already.
Have fun in Vegas!
shalalala shalalalala
just starting The Perfect Spy and liking it so far.
Smell the rain, and feel the wind.
Enjoy life to the maximum possibility, and battle for your wishes.
BTW Thanks too the people that atleast tries to help me get a follow from !!!!!!!!
heyy; how are you?
Have a great weekend yourself.
Good to see you in the stream from time to time, my friend!
and I are giving the coffee at the Appleton Airport two big thumbs down.
Off to
word 150k: 'shifted'.
good lord, here i am, 3 nanowrimo's deep, and i'm still going at it.
what a stupidly awesome journey this has been.
me too, I can't wait for it : how old r u and where r u from?
RT and I wonder how much could that 119m digitise and rights clear for future generations?
Thanks so much for updating on the latest developments surrounding the OH school shooting.

The mind has great influence over the body, and maladies often have their origin there.
Moliere
Well we did it!
3000 likes on Facebook!
Thank you everyone!
Let's see we promised you all something...look for it soon!
Come swap clothes and dance to soul from now til 8
Seriously.
Too many ppl lose sight of the real meaning of Vday!
MT Let's remember what this day is really about.
CHOCOLATE.
i guess u can bring shady ass wit u lol!!
would you please email me and I will email you the GAEA presentation.
Tx!
thinking about setting up camp in JMC 320.
I'll face the music: I live here.
A new way needs to develop that reminds us how precious life is.
Where Quality is not only alive  well...but THRIVING...
Landed my tix for Phish at on August 22nd via the presale lottery.
Call it reestablishing credibility with my inner child.
Now that is winning, do you think will rerelease Men at Work?
2m very rich subscribers.
It's about the demographic.
That's true RT : Culture is bigger than the game tho...
my stomach is growling like an angry bear.
this class needs to be over
Also interesting: Whenever I explain this to US sociologists, they accept my claim without argument...
Last prizes: 2 lucky winners will each get a 100 gift certificate to !
My favorite part of this game is Jimmy Rollins' atbats; he walks out to doctorke's The Motto and I dance in my chair!
hmm Pretty hot  tempting ;
Ha, blocked by ?
Surely deserved, but i don't even remember that one.
R u making an appearance?
Thanks Curt...you are the man!
Heh, I remember seeing those at the end of the semester.
The areas around the trash cans will make you think it's Christmas!
Absolutely, man!
I've been reading up on the walkthru you posted  good stuff!
Yet and still, I insist.
Just added to WFX2012 Truss aluminium factory a.s.
I would expect a much different effort tonight from Lakers not named Kobe Bryant
Back from a week long vacation; I will get back to those who sent me messages while I was out of the country.
Hanna Montana down my pants.....
Yeah buddy!
I'll have something to do with my life then..
wow that sounds soo creepy.
That lady is washing the tables with a hose.
If we get 15 more likes tonight, Kate will post a new song :
ESPECIALLY after she said, There's something wrong with you two !!!
How about having U.S.
Senator David Vitter preside on Senate committee hearings of the secret service.
He knows all about hoes.
Awww he soo adorable!
he got your eyes as well!
Congrats to you Mike!
you'll make a great Mom!
D
No, sorry, the header photo isn't actually one of mineit came embedded as part of the theme template I used on my site.
A great idea with no execution is essentially rubbish.
Make it happen and keep the vision alive people.
Best tip in our opinion!
RT : Twin Anchors Ribs RT : In Chicago for 1 night w/wife.
Recommendations?
apple hardware not necessarily the bees knees
Seriously...
This 2 hour doctorve is killer.
Ww cannot end poverty by running poor out of Miami!
Regalado
whatcha doing up this way?
Are you still here?
by : Off to the Garden for the celtics home opener.
Let keep it rolling boys!
No shoes, no shirt , no circus
kickin it man!
Have to get those dance moves down asap!
Nearly 50 of Xbox LIVE members in the U.S.
login to Xbox LIVE Marketplace every time they turn on their Xbox.
hugs shouldn't hurt.
That's how I stay outa trouble iguess
The Official Nighthawks After Game Party will be held at Quaker Steak  Lube in CB, IA.
doctornk specials for all Nighthawks fans.
Players too!
much thanks!
Look for a DM...
Thanks for the kind words!
IM A YOBI SING WINNER!!
TAKING THE STAGE IN THE WEB SERIES!
How A Private Data Market Could Ruin Facebook The growing interest in a market for personal data that shares professorts with the indivi
OrrHotsprings, here I come!!!
Not valuemonism, legal monism.
BHL not just watering down the nonlaw elements, either!
And the finalists are...
Emmet Cohen, Josh White and Kris Bowers.
You were right about Pascal Le Boeuf!
Taking the dog to the groomers
when a person doing good for they self theirs always niggaz hating smh!
Everyone go check out work done by they do all our work and its fantastic.
On now on we vs A.
Smith ...the rivalry begins...NOW!!
It is!
RT : Heard the women surrealist exhibition is a must see.
Congrats!
We gotta do lunch sometime.
Also a 3 party contract the two of you and the state, the state having controlling interest of all products of the marriage
thnxx for the follow!
way to go!
College football's bowl games are officially locked in for the new season.
The schedule showcases 35 games in 24 days this bowl season.
Everyone at work is CRABBY!
Its been really hard to stay positive.
I want to do something to brighten everyones sullen mood.
After this 11 am final your boy is hitting the nap up hard haha
My wish is one day that WOULD TWEET ME OR ATLEAST RT ME: but I know he Will NEVER SEE this...
:
This Twitter will be hibernating for the winter.
Want to chat?
Find us at
j.r.
Smith is gonna help the knicks out so much
Healthy breakfast!
Love it : Did you get the BOGO 6 deal?
Not to worry...I'm neither assuming nor egotistical.
I wonder if Barbasol has a shave gel that can penetrate BOB's chin faultline?
Good money spent my friend.
Looking good.
Egads, writing a story on telecom solutions and electricity keeps going off.
Guess we're in a brownout in Dallas area.
haha don't you know that pays my exorbitant salary and high standard of living?
Knock KnockWho's there !Bun !Bun who ?Bunnies make lovely pets !
yea I was FUCCKKEEEDDD UP hahaha....work and just a new life bro I wanted to experience new shit
lol u dumbass why u never call me slut
Looking for something to do this beautiful day?
Celebrate the coming of spring by seeing the fantastic springtides with !
Was delighted with your work on Flong and pleased to learn about your existence as well.
Keep up the good work.
I will 3
love your professorle description!
orioles  not for real.
my favorite things about sex is watching my girls boobs move around like Jello.
Left  right, up  down, to  fro all the live long day!
RT : Someone who is nice to you  not nice to waiter isnt a very nice person.
your welcome !
ugh, I'm not sure if I like either one!
I use this for mainly professorssional stuff but it's better than the egomaniacs on fb
Thank U Cerris..only good things 4 us all!
thank you.
If you live in the 75th Assembly District your legislator skipped work...again.
Whoa.
Super embarassed.
:
Some fuckwit who even the WSox let go...
made my easter
is dancing around in her new 5 Michael Kors orange ostrich wedges w/ the cat Stella to Jason Derulo/Breathing  Sarsinlove
As LD professorssionals we have to move from getting it to getting it done!
Lets get it done!
John Kao
But honestly, it wasn't a fun game to watch.
Suckage in HD is still suckage.
According to 'A stay at home mom never worked a day in her life...'
Mothers day is coming and its going to be s very sad one, wish I could spend it with my mom so that her pain isnt as great
Happy birthday and happy holidays
The Causeway, near to the world's longest bridge stretches about 24 miles connecting Metairie, the city's largest suburb, to the...
Goal from Aurelien!!
Haha Was actually just making plans to see it tomorrow w/my parents.
And then one final time in Imax/3d sometime next wk.
Keep your dogs away from chocolate.
It almost killed my Cocker Spaniel last night.
Good decision to give her hydoctorgen peroxide  get to ER!
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: The York  Pub
I'd be interested if I qualify, which I might not.
first they love me and then they hate me,now they love me again ...smh
and who doctoram more than others think it's practical.
DID U HEAR THAT IT WAS THUNDER!!!!!!!
STICKING IT TO THE LAKER.....KAAAAAABBBBBBBBOOOOMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!
Downtown Jacksonville exploring
OMG could we be going to overtime MISLChampionship??
Soul Coughing sounding great on KCSN right now while doctorving on Sunset A band that got away!!!
Wide awake....
weed is always tasty; 420 queen
waddup wit u
Kara's still one of the prettiest girls in school !
DId you open it?
so sad that there releasing Coach Caldwell!
He's so gunna be missed!!
Just got my tickets for the Cubs/Sox game on Tuesday!
Hopefully the Sox win a few in Arizona and sweep the Cubs!
Always hope!
LOL
you were taught well.
Shuttle service today runs from 7:30am  1pm.
See pg25 of alamw12 Program for details.
hey!
Our twitter got shut down this week!
We still have our individuals and facebook.
Twitter will be back soon!
There've been an awful lot of Tornados lately, but don't worry, Republicans say there's no such thing as Climate Change.
thinks fan palms are beautiful.
Absolutely gorgeous
Really?
6' exactly is not longer tall, so there should be lots of men taller than you.
My mom was 5'11 ...
I'd like to think that I was somehow deeply influenced by Jello Biafra without having any idea of who he was.
What is the name of the software David is demoing?
follow me
I'll take a 3 run knock please.
Welcome to a Friday.
We'll be giving tickets away to Lewis Black in the 8 am hour.
Engaging youth with HO MA GO: hanging out, messing around, and geeking out.
Okay going to watch my movie!
Peace
OMG LOOK SHANE!!
ShaneDawsonSaturday is trending!!!
GET IT!!
I'm here to paint the world ..
Thanks a lot!
listening to country  the rain 
Just here to make the world and my 68 followers happy babe!
Hey, thanks for the shout out :
me to!!!!!
My favorite!
Lol!
Musing lots around public communal spaces, collaboration, art colonies, urban interventions, 4thquadoctornt networks
If you do what youve always done, youll get what youve always gotten.
Tony Robbins
haha of course!
Finally getting an education.
Heh.
He has created a monster.
Okay Acura NSX ad was pretty good...
Congrats to and the mister.!
Prolific tweeter and now a proud poppa!
what specific tools do you use to show how many eyeballs saw a tweet?
Tv has Nielsen.
RT : doctorving to Heathrow, Somali taxi doctorver asked if I know in Pakistan.
Now that's global fame!
He's amazing!
I have the whole season of Freaks and Geeks on reserve from Netflix.
Old school James Franco!!!
Anyone need a pickmeup this afternoon?
Stop by our studio and grab a fresh coffee  we can do lattes, americanos, etc!
Pro tip: fellas, wearing a pink button down is a sure fire way to guarantee that it will be the only pink you see that night
just a little bit...
;
What a wonderful, albeit cold day.
New study plan is to dive into Risk Management, dealing with Project Managment...always something new t
oh...
uhhhm yea dont worry bout it.
i gotta get some work done right now n dunno when ima get done
Found out one of my regulars at the Writing Center is from Kazakhstan.
I love this school sometimes.
Hey dude.
How are you?
Long time no hear.
trying to get onto to the handheld conference websitenothing doingglad they took my credit card numbergot timed out and nothing since
Breaking news: kashi nuggets replace grapenuts as part of my daily breakfast.
Hey , might want to rewrite your FB ad: Calling all Apple fans!
Like us  register for a chance to win any tablet
Come home!
The Nebraska coach looks like he needs a beer or two.
Could he not have commented when he was asked to for the original story?
Thanks buddy, let's catch up when I return.
Well awe shucks, you're making me blush!
;
Shout out 2 spliff Wayne and the firestation fam for holding me down!!
Casablanca is ...
well, a Moroccan version of say ..
Detroit circa 1992.
I like it; just be aware.
Merry Christmas, wish you the best for the new year.
is nearly sold out and it's weeks away!
62 tickets left...giddy up  register...
and I'm talking to you!
u back in KC?
Goodbye August and hello September, the month you could have your concept developed into a great screenplay.
what type of costume
Serving Metro Indianapolis, IN and surrounding counties.
who said that????
New updates to our website: Direct menu to our online Helpdesk.
Account History for clients under Support Pricing.
Enjoy the convenience!!!
When it rain/snows heavily I see a lot of tar roofer companies in the 'hood.
Not me!
I went with here in ABQ!
Treasure to you!
Mby he will come in London!
: Ohh..I'm form Bosnia...
:
When you been texting somebody all day then they just stop.
ThingsThatGetMeUpset When I leave alot of room for somebody to pass and they still manage to brush up on me hard.
let me see the world behind your eyes
Good Morning friends, after you come down to the poker room and finish qualifying for tomorrows 2500 freeroll what's left on our agenda ?
When you go, I'm going too!
play hard to get?
:
Ready to watch the big fight tonight...Lakers vs.
Thunder
That's the best thing you ever tweeted
praise the Lort for that!
Love the rain!!
Hahaha Cubs walk off AGAIN!
Friendship isnt about being inseparable, its about being separated, and knowing nothing will change.
3
Up since 7 am designing sets for my final project: Scott Pilgrim vs.
the World: The Musical.
Wish it could actually get made.
It's legit.
The weekend really needs to hurry its ass up
yep, understood.
I am pushing for it.
Thanks!
Thank You!!!
Huh, wasn't the world supposed to end?
I didn't notice till I checked my inbox saying, 2012.
Stop the world  I want to get off.
Exciting news for City of Westfield with signing of expansion at Barnes Airport.
..New Gulfstream 650 high in demand!
That sound you hear is the test that I just took screaming for mercy.
Wait for u to walk?
I'm assuming you are beat
seniorconfessionhour i hate WM but I will miss certain things about it...
Let us take a look for you!
Thanks for the retweetyou are a winner!
I just need your addoctorss and I'll send the flash doctorve out right away!
I wa one of ur true friends but u sure screwed that up because u have to talk about everyone u know with that big mouth and that's why u
Yay lifelong learning.
RT : Don't be afraid to learn.
Knowledge is weightless, a treasure you can always carry easily.
The schedule for Young Dems Day at the Legislature has been posted, check it out Young Dems Day at Legislature
It's not always easy and sometimes life can be deceiving but I'll tell you one thing, it's so much better when we're together.
jackjohnson
I was wondering can u email me your phone number so we can talk bout it.
this is why i learned to bake bread and soon brew beer.
i want to be mister popular in the apocalypse.
Staying up until 12am to say happy birthday to my 2 beautiful best friends 3
Click's is the place to be tonight!
doctornking pool, shooting beer lol
Emb momentas slp2b, asked adult pt to put food in own mouth for bedside swallow eval.
Missed in the chartcouldnt move arms.
I tweet it because I believe it.
U r the real deal.
C u Monday...EARLY!
game on.
: let em kno steve!!
ppppppppppppppppppttttttttbbbbppptttttt
at a groceries store with my lil Sis and lil bro
my bad...
kettle popcorn
Hope my dear slept well.
One more day at Ollies and then I get to wash my hair and relax :
yep that monster will get u going thats for sure!!!!!
Thanks for following, Kim!
NotreDame football enough said
agree!
What's next on the big board to cross off the list?
Museums, audience  the future...it's more than a work in progress.
Oh yes, very much the same.
Nice little W there rangers!
Now let's go 'yotes!
Mike, the only report from AAU watchers on fans I want is the number of times you hear do him!
All else is irrelevant.
Lol
Gotta get your mind right..
Takes a lot of preparation to reach your destination!!
;
Of course Jobs was pissed at Google.
Who can respect a company that blatantly, unoriginally, steals and copies your product?
Interview time!
More like, they're telling me I have the job.
Hell yes!
Wish me the best!!!
Happy Birthday ot me:
Wheres global warming when you need it?
freezing
Please spresad the word  thanks !
Buck up little camper!
hopefully we will get to see that.
How come you never get on twitter you fag
Its weird to think that everyone u will ever see has their own story from the day they were born and they are the only person to know it
your thoughts please....edmodo good for literature circles?
About to sing Happy Birthday to Julie Bowen from Modern Family.
With
Xerox ads say they are managing Virgin America's call centers  so, are they responsible for Virgin's poor call waiting times?
no wonder i am a popsicle this morning.
turning up the heat but not turning it on produces no warmth apparently.
Teenage girls imitating gay man's sassy strut behind his back.
Yes, I may have shed a tear during the final scene of Downton Abbey, season 2.
Ladies, you know what I'm talkin about.
hey thanks hope you come see DETROPIA which just MAY make it to silverdocs this year : 
Wow!!
it took me 2 months to remember my password!
lol
I'll be live tweeting from as I trolley in  cover the Seau celebration at Qualcomm.
Tune in around 4.
these What2ChainzWouldSay tweets 
Analogy: Does an administrator at a Catholic hospital have to be a Catholic, or can he just be a good hospital administrator?
The show is 3WEEKS away from today!!!
it's ok I'll teach u
Sag must discuss their thoughts.
They find the opinion of others important, but they have problems heeding others advise.
!!!
Lunch at Cooper in West End with and then some shopping!
Great Saturday!
Nah haha I dnt like spanish
Just so we're clear here, I should've probably been invited
this is hilarious!!
:D
I saw some dude at my work yesterday wearing a DBacks Nike Hypercool doctorfit undershirt...as a regular shirt LOL
Not finding it on the website, was it this weekend or next weekend the Red Line was having construction done?
Finished a good workout session now gonna get something to eat than back at it !
im gonna tell the cops theres a crazy chick in a pink doctorss snatchin' up babies
OUTspoken Radio LIVE Tonight on LATalkRadio.com!!
Channel 2!
That awkward moment when Jake Sully mates with the leader of Na'vi's woman.
I treat my body well everyday I do some form of exercise each day.
It keeps you young.
I plan to live past 100 y.o.
What about you?
I pledged allegiance to the republic for witches stand until third grade.
RT This weather right now  yess!
just remember bro.
There's got to be a better place than this bro.
That's where he's at
Help!
This vegetarian editor is putting together a list of the best beef burgers in WestwoodCC.
Any ideas...?
Looks like it!
It's a real double whammy.
There must be more to life than having everything.
Maurice Sendak
It's Lost Tuesday!
Join us for one of our 80 Whiskeys, some great food and Lost!
Starting at 8, it's an all around good time
Nice thing to say!
Doing well et tu?
Hope coaching is enjoyable and that family is well.
Law business cranks on.
U travelling?
dead or...famous?
'Kicking In' must be a single!!!!!
So frickinnnnn catchy!
Love, Love!!!!
are you all buying in NM?
Steps away from the MFL headed to CBP.
If you know Philly, you get my acronyms.
LETSGOPHILLIES 8D
Heya wild man.
When are you coming to anch.
They should make a snickers bar shaped like snooki and name it snookers!
I would totally buy it :D
Happy Valentines day!
those damn kids!
Thinkin they know how to be a hipster...
Checking out the updated on first look I love the updated dashboard.
Lots of focus on engagement social  mobile.
I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world.
This makes it hard to plan the day.
TWO Words  Aunt Robbin
follow me lol
Shot of ???
RT : AAAAHHHHH!!!!
There...
now I feel a LITTLE better...
I totally agree!!!
Lets try getting this started!
Ill help, just let me know what to do.
Jen  Dillon are out on the town.
Gotta authentic Lou Malnati's pizza hitting the oven with The Bears game coming up.
hahaha me too!!!!
You're going off on Twitter.
Maybe u need to be placed in Twitter jail for a couple of days.
lol
Maybe I was getting to much jealousy  envy my way..
Cuz for a sec I thought Knowledge could b a burden
I don't see that nigga on my TL anymore lmao
thanks south for the support!
Managed to squirt toothpaste into my eye
I ain't perfect but I try !
Listening to LEVELS before our auctions is gettin us fired up!
That does seem a bit ridiculous.
it'll be nice in CA!
See you next Sunday!
:
Love that I don't have to go to school tomorrow
Cosmic Gate tonight.
Come play.
Why The Ciara Song Love Sex Magic ft.
Justin Timberlake Is So Orgasmic?
Damn It I Have An Erection Right Now!
xD :
Wow what a badass !
NowPlaying The Offspring  You're Gonna Go Far, Kid on Spotify.
I can't stop listening to this one.
are you going to do a tinychat today?
LOL behave woman..
If target can tell when a women is pregnant, why cant our teachers know when kids know fractions via prez at
Yes!
Thank you for following me here on Twitter Renee.
The star is BEAutiful...
as in Beauty!
.....12hour shelters in the Chicago area by offering job training and placement services.....
Thinking of cutting my hair again
political genius campaign!
Fred Karger for President
hm sweet crunchy crackerjacks ...the prize inside is a job!
I hate that you know all the little things about me.
Welcome to Twitter :
But I can tell you this, I never would have thought Royal Ivey would have been the most tenured pro off that UT Final Four team.
Overheard snippet in ALA hallway.
Why is it named the Carnegie Room?
Because he gave money.
Dale Carnegie?
That's cool.
Happy Mother's day!
Always love working with my laptop out on the GUTS bus and getting weird looks from other people.
Calvin Johnson would be a great contestant if they still had the foot locker non basketball dunk contest
We go to 4th first tomorrow????
Please don't talk about defenseless players in hockey.
I get enough of that BS during the NFL's season.
RT Many things just take longer than we think.
Allow urself to enjoy the process without that RUSHED feeling
hey at lest you have money to get from the bank or put in the bank.
:
sick throat hurts : sucks only a few of my friends can make it
Gosh, i love him 3
Thanks to all who performed at our monthly songwriter series at Johnny D's.
Nov's will take place at the Cantab Lounge contact us for info.
Taht makes sense.
where were you watching the games at?
Nomad?
S/o To So Sweet.
An Amazing Person.
I Miss Her.
Hope Everything Is Well.
:
Victor's gonna have to change his name to Victor Ewwwman.
We doctornk IPA and gave quotes for 's Graze mag.
Pick it up!
Lakefront IPA is the Violent Femmes of beer
Im worried :
My bedoctorom floor is covered in used tissue...oh head cold how you have destroyed my room.
The Andoctorid market sucks.
BryanKest to be gentle, you have to quiet the mind and pay attention to the experience ASYoga,
Thank you Charod for opening up this account again!!!
San Antonio it's about to go down!!
is the best friend in the entire world 
Packing for SMWNYC I need to experience the Linsanity first hand.
Another day at the job aye?
RT : Got to the club and the crossfader is broken!?!!?
Gotta rock the up and down faders.
Interested in being a Mentor Counselor for Upward Bound?
Email letter/resume to .edu by 3/1.
blowin on loud writing to these beats Foriegn Whips  Foriegn Chicks coming soon .....
True, Dai, most gallery walls R white, it's just that image, Mainly the article is addoctorssing hanging details.
It's coming!!!
It looks like a huge puffy float coming up Western.
just showed that to al nap.
Hes loving it lol.
He wants a cd.
Friday night playing a show at espresso yourself music cafe I'm Powell Ohio at 7 PM.
Join if you like to rawk!
Someone who will not make second class citizens out of women is what I expect from my next President
What do you call a black person on the moon?
An astronaut you racist bastard...
if you steel someones marshmallows at least chew with your mouth closed.
I'm not buying Marco Rubio's book.
No thanks.
awww miss talking to you too!
how have you been!?
Thanks for the retweets !
there you go again not even speaking proper english.
How are you sweetie I hope you have a great day
A valiant comeback, then a wild pitch to end the game?
Really Reds?
And so is Lucy!
Thanks to for meeting with me about her upcoming doc.
She is doing important, thoughtful work that should be seen.
Not in a good mood right now :
sounds like Marty party was a blast!!!
Whenever you are to do a thing, though it can never be known but to yourself, ask yourself how you would act were all the world looking at 
Lol Thats why Im a Steeler fan,you can find a Punter in the 7th,better be Ray Guy for a third rounder.
Too slow for the worlds pace.
But im looking for change so I gotta join the chase.
Um...ok then.
Thanks Dan!
Any more attention to that though and I'll have to doctorp what I'm doing and bring it up to snuff!
EdgeWebware tagline If you aren't on the EDGE you're just in the way.
Isn't that great!
I should be writing this since I'm both degreeed in Eng  I'm hilarious.
Whose a girl gotta tweet around here?!
Any chance you can follow back so we can DM?
I definitely want to make sure this issue is taken care of.
I'm taking a shot of chocolate cake with JFK wish you were here
thank you!
You're awesome:
Now how was that not a foul on Iman?
Just landed in LA...
Looking forward to a bunch of meetings setup...
Should be VERY productive day then back to Seattle tonight
my life is music
Had a great time at lunch with the pretty on this beautiful day!
mine!
And a couple of other girls' :
I'm happy you liked it.
We just needed to see how they turned out.
Playoffs are about to start, and I'm back for the whole thing to clown these Cryami cHeat fans as usual.
Wheres my nigga at
CASTING FIR REALITY SHOW IN NY LATINSHORE tweet me for details
STRIKE EM OUT, THROW EM OUT, DOUBLE PLAY!
WHAT A THROW BY SANTANA!
The Vikings decided to save some time and only look at a couple schools to doctorft all their players.
Have fun, Dont party to hard; Haha We love you too!3
I just fell into that one didn't I...so dissappointed in myself
that's more that hlf of our lives !
D:
RT : Man that movie was to fuckn funny my niggas an had me rolln
By the way, winner takes home a Trustbased Parenting DVD and an Empowering Connecting and Correcting DVD!
Thanks again to for being a SILVER SPONSOR of BlogathonATX.
Writerscheck out their upcoming event!
people do doctorgs to attempt to cope with difficult problems or situations, including stress, trauma, and symptoms of mental disorders
Bad decision: Deciding it was ok to play Oldoctorpublic for a couple of hours before writing my diss.
chapter.
Now everything seems boring...
sure is hahaa
Here's an option.
How about you love me back.
there...problem solved...lol jk
FCC is creating cell phone alerts in case of national emergencies.
Story at 5:30 on
What Peirce are you reading?
I find the way he frames his essays and his asides to his readers hilarious  paranoid.
Best cities to be in on St Pat's Day: NYC, Boston, Sydney  Austin.
Oh, and Dublin, of course.
: 
what's your review for it?
Need to shut it down for a while.
In this order...writing, taxes, cooking, SUPERBOWL.
Go Giants!
Still up.
and dcollections are the Gale type stuff.
Pretty much exactly how I feel right now.
Be sure to check out the Poised Creation store for music and other great art pieces!
Oh man I had a chem test to take.
incredible victory way to defend your title!!
With a Standing Guillotine Choke of Machida.
God Bless.
Spittin rhymes out like bullets, say that im AKing
all in all not bad.
Definitely need practice with them.
Chunked too many which is all in my head/swing.
Solid irons though.
If you hit the mark, you must aim a little above it.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
My dad has been extra nice lately and I'm scared that's all gonna go away when he gets my report card...
Last task of this very long day, sitting down with my
Just like I've failed every match making quiz online.
Do not deceive your self.
Do what you say and say what you've done
Head of Company Culture , Andoctorw Dolan, asks: What if your building helped you work?
come to SF and Caitie will make you that shit.
She's like a little Jewish Martha Stewart.
ABOUT TO BE ON TONIGHT AT WET ULTRA LOUNGE call for Reservations 9154492066 WET ULTRA LOUNGE  POWER 102
Soccer Capsules: Seattle still finds LA to be its measuring stick  Brownsville Herald
Picture day tomorrow
Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education Board awarded the School of Nursing the maximum accreditation for all of the academic programs!
why dont they just sing them at the same time and save us the misery
Don't fritter your life awayAdvice From A Donut Shop Owner
Posting some new music latter on tonight.
Thanks for all the support so far guys!
I REALLY appreciate it..
Have yo already signed up for doctorftstreet before?
That would be the only hold up.
If so, I can have them connect with you
if he plays 15 mins Bulls win this game and this series
I'm about to cry from all this damn love.
purple and red!
So you're just gonna walk through the airport with no shoes on
I get all the best poker news from
Whether or not J.P.
Morgan asked Tesla Where can I put the meter?, this logic of professort continues to pervade our world!
Cleaning out the barn
Oh, Milwaukee!
It's 5 Martini Day!
Come in any time today and get any regular or specialty martini for just 5 clams.
Does El Ten Eleven sound like '90s radio rock without the vocals to anyone else?
It scares me everytime gets naked on his show and he does it a lot xD
It's Franchise Friday!
Have you ever considered owning your own business?
Give us a call!
9169292220!
If you haven't followed my personal yet go do it!
!
I followback!
: kthnks!
NBA Executive of the Year: Larry Bird.
Added David West and George Hill.
you will be missed buddy.
Good luck with your new gig!
I KNOW!
lets hangout pweasee.
what are you doing tomorrow?
I dont have work or when I do have work lets have lunch break!!
Who remember the days when you was young with no swagg what so ever?
Lol.
Started The Way last night at 2am.
Audiobook version.
Nearly fell asleep.
Scared that Chris would tell me to kill the president.
Hey if you need a place to crash in Toledo let us know, we're 5 minutes from the venue.
We had so much fun with them at our professorle Picture Night event last fall.
Home made chicken pot pie.
Who knew the secret ingredient was nutmeg?
Enjoy your time off!!!
They only call it Class War when we fight back.
Ridiculousness is gonna be so dope tonight!!!
haha dude you gotta come one of these days my friend!!!
Have a fun night, and if youre around, I go on at midnight tonight!
:
: miss u miss you too boo.
bringing back memories of the Heidi game...
Only a addict gets angry when you bring it up
Just got home from mocca, and sorting through things.
RT : ANTIK Tonight!!!!
356 bowery.Start with straight shots then pop bottles.
Party wit MLINY and DON.
.
killed it last night!!
E Lansing shows so much love.
Wouldn't have wanted to spend 420 anywhere else!
Thanks for coming!
RT : Best way to end say nite, nite: w/ and a doctornk from
RT : And there it is, right on the , UK by 8.
Hope you either had the hook, or bought it off.
gambling!
Thanks Evan!
Let's keep in touch.
I've learned a lot from talking to you over the past couple years.
Yeah!
Thanks for registering!
Tonight I'm going to try something crazy.
Instead of staying up.
I'm going to bed.
Anyone out there an expert at trussing a chicken?
I pretty much tie up all the loose parts.
Looking forward to your performance tonight.
So far, not packing my own toothpaste is the only fail of msconf  Jason uses Sensodyne gross imarriedanoldman!

da crib woke up wit a hang over wait where iz my keys?
At least I've heard of Papa John before this month doctorftbigpapa get the word out
Early Penguins lead!
You all know what that means folks!
Do what you love and the money will follow.
Marsha Sinetar
I'm still up tho, haiii.
Missed you today  looking forward to your presentation in May at SMBMad thanks for sponsorship
I remember when Wayne's twitter got hacked  I tried hacking the dude who stole his username so he could have it back.
LMFAAAAAOOOOOOOOOOOOO
LOL.
Oh thank you, thank you so much for forgiving me!
Let that shit BURN!
Are you stoping at Sonioc then?
for some tater tots...
: don't wait for altmetrics, do it yourself
no doubt!
I'm going for Education.
I'm on my teacher hustle.
end of the weekend, anxious for the week.
Nothing major.
Astounded by the warm welcome!
Deepest thanks to all, and here's to future collaborations!
I love love love dirty housemusic it makes me wanna disco 3
So to sleep, perchance to doctoram of , myself and the cats...here is to doctorpping the creatinine numbers and being back to abbynormal.
well said man
you don't know her life
Holler!
Gotta hit up Chaps in the morning!
Have you gone to raw yet?
April Fools joke articles are so passé.
lmao...I feel u...I got fam out there...love'em but hate visiting...
Thanks for the support!
jh
Q 3: Do you listen OR hear when dh speaks?
Thank you both for a thoughtful session  which Twitter accounts are doing it best?
FEATURESwitzerland, the land that time begot
Dinner at Bunker's in West Allis was great.
I had the the shrimp BLT sliders.
Yum!
Preciatee it Sweetie.
Word brother.
Thanks for the post.
I think you are a shareasale vendor with us right?
The band perry.
3
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the have been nice when they were winning but Tim tebow's game is naughty
Your right my mothers loved and raised 7 kids and they cant be married
Mcgahee or morris?
WOHYOU TRIED TO BURST HIS REALITYDISTORTION BUBBLE?
THAT'S GROUNDS FOR AN INSTANT BLOCK!
wait till you wake up and check out the link I sent you
does beating the Bulls without Rose and Noah change the front offices position this offseason about changing the roster?
Homework  chores /:
FF   sorry for misspelling!!
You get a FF all to yourself now :
officially welcoming to look for her on and weekly!
Thanks for following its a step for all of us wanting to make a difference and inform
We are officialy here getting tickets
I'll look into that tonight man
please follow me for my birthday!3 i have school tomorrow so i have to go to bed soon an al i want is a follow...please?
show me the plot of the relevance of sociology for the past few hundoctord years that proves your claim
We have a whole bunch of horn and bone hanging ear designs for men  women...only 10/pair!!
Stop by and grab 'em before they are all gone.
This bitch need to come her ass on!
I want my shyt!!!
I had a blast planting some renegade crops at Stoney Creek Farms today in honor of and 
It's about to rain in
Practicing Praise and Worship for the RAM women's conference beginning Thursday Night.
Ladies you will want to be in the house
Applied to 2 jobs today
Just because you trained them doesn't mean they'll do it
I'm so tired, and I haven't even done anything remotely tiring today.
Wat.
Like a cheater GQ
So much running through my mind.
I can't sleep!!
I'm paying 69.99 for 100mbps internet w/ intermittent outages and Charter CSR told me to unplug my modem for a couple of hours.
1998 ??
Vancouver Winter Games..
heating up tonight womens mogel!
Go USA!
thanks Bill
: BestPickUpLineEver Hey, what's up I play baseball
Ok great night cap, time to put out the trash and got to sleep.
Saga continues .
ThingsJaylonDo Play Basketball
We're back from prepping to paint.
All Ready to go tomorrow starting at 9 am.
teh its a movement for the lysdexic.
We both felt alone investing in banks that idiots said would be nationalized.
Now David and I will get paid off.
note to self, email open rates are 23x's higher when subject line includes word: audition
Go Pats!
I just opened my door for a second and got a cool breeze in the face.
self deprecating version of Peso?
haha
Rob Carrick39;s Reader: Keep your mitts off my money
Re has the brightest color scheme of all time.
So excited for summer.
9/11/11  I may be in Oakland for a time but my heart is in my native city, NYC, always my city.
The CST system consists of a series of modules that may be acquired and used by any
why is it supposed to rain like every day now?
wheresthesun?
Hi B!
I am okay, thanks for the checkin.
: Hope you're well.
Hugs.
Hi btw!
Any new bambino's on their way yet?
lol
Good afternoon :
Have they done any thing bout MByet on e!
News?
Happy Friday People!
Make it a day to remember....Do something different!!!
If my boss rolls his eyes at me one more time!!
That song is too mature for Jessica.
She's a kid.
I would have liked another Mariah song.
Vision of Love or Love Takes Time
I hate the guilty feeling when you sleep 12 hours, and regret not getting anything accomplished.
Time is money!
RT : Safe travels to all of our Terriers and families leaving campus today and tomorrow.
I love you dude.
Ahaha!
so what up?
Yeah, that exclusive oppty in Cambridge I mentioned earlier....filled one.
At least 3 more openings left.
Gonna have to skip it, putting out bonfires with work.
:
I think it all comes down to how you define and assess learning :
Thanks J for being there and reporting live!
go Giants!!
Action rains over romance in movie battle  The Sun
If you are a librarian from Denmark, introduce yourself to the group.
Thanks!
Planning to go back at the end of the month.
This time for lunch!
interesting...
never quite ran into that selling/implementing egov for cities, maybe advisors
I remember when I sucked at doctorving  everyone ever from lexington
Young Roddy's new tape tho
such a cinco de mayo tease
the day of his concert let me know and we will:
submission successful this weekend.
Keep them rolling.
how unfortunate...
I HOPE YOU SEE THIS TWEET??: PLEASE SEE THIS TWEET PLEASE!!!!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE  UHM, PLEASE??:
Trying to make some fast cash at Buffalo Exchange.
Y'all know you want the clothes I've deemed no longer cool.
Yup.
Exactly.
Who indeed.
The difference between try and triumph is just a little umph!
HappyMothersDay!
To all the elderly moms who have sacrificed everything for us, we will wait to gut Medicare at least a few more months.
I think that critics often think that if they talk about sex they'll seem either pervy or puritanical.
Got us there in '02 but you are right about the hitting, we're just a sorry ball club right now.
Haha try being black and living there!
You're right.
Today will be a good day to celebrate the great life we had together.
My sister from another mister has arrived from Miami.
Syracuse, you will NOT know what you hit you this weekend.
You're welcome!!
You did a great job!
:
Wind down your work week with us in the bar for happy hour from 47 for half priced doctornks, cocktails and beer!!
10 minutes in and we already got 3 runs!!
lets go O's
Not sure I understand why the nerds hate the ending to masseffect3, more completeness would be nice, but it suits the series
Decided my morning dance track will be all Donna Sommer this morning.
O love to love ya' baby.
thanks Tierra for following me I hope we can become good friends.xoxo ;
Happy my Bay Area Homie CO is coming into town tommorrow.
Hopefully, I can connect with my BC Friends Jen/Zeb, too!
Doo doo jump?
...
Man that's messed up
I swear it is?
I hate mock so very, very much.
WOW!!
THAT MATCH WAS NUTS!!
SO MANY LEGIT SHOTS!
YOY COULD TELL!
THIS IS THE ONE TIME I ACTUALLY RESPECT CENA!
: at dave you stop it with the press answer and answer the real question.
its not about what I lead, its about what's real
I have two tracking numbers!!!
nothng like success
I need a break away from you
That happy moment when you find your I.d.
:D
Those who have the courage to be different will always be remembered.
could you fathom!?
itd be the best thing ever..
and then a random Hulk running around hahaha
Great yellow jacket on ...lovely shade :
why you ain't text me ?
Haha
I appreciate you
petpeeve  People who respond: lol or haha  don't expect me to respond to that What am I supposed to say to that  yeah  haha?
There's nothing so permanent as a temporary government program.
AND I MADE THIS RELATIONSHIP FACEBOOK OFFIC.
You rock too!
Thanks!
Fuck.
So tired.
I hope business is slow at work today.
I mean, who the fuck is gonna want biscuits at five a.m.
on a sunday?
RT follow these guys , , ,
Awesome as is one of our cofounders.
We are working with some of your athletes and would love to chat.
This b word got NFL arms!
Happy Saturday!
Every time i hear one of 2 Chainz songs, i know EXACTLY when he's about to say 2 CHAINZZZZZZ.Sad but true.
LoL.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Reach Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
Most women play hard to get when they are really orphans when it comes to looking for love and wanted to be love.
No one...
can rock a beret.
beef tenderloin wrapped in
No Lie
Staats served as a magistrate until 1670s.
Staats wrote his name as STAAS after arrival in New Netherland.
Selling my office desk a pristine Ushaped desk made by Sligh Home Office Furnishing, Holland, Michigan.
It is dark cherry wood, very soli
can we go to Acapulco?
Heath Anthology coauthor John Alberti will speak  11AM session on prepping MA students for life after the program
did I mention that George Karl is one of my all time favorite coaches
Hrm.
So more like second.
Did you see the Albuquerque Aloft balloons this morning?
Fear not if you missed them, pics 2 come!
time for an iPhone!
;
Yup!
Is that a giraffe in your professorle pic?!
As first responders, LasVegasFirefighters administer cooling therapy to the patients in the field before rushing them to the hospital
Childoctorn are made readers on the laps of their parents.
Emilie Buchwald
We had it every morning for breakfast on our Belgium trip last year.
YUM!
That's wonderful to hear!
We're glad that you're loving it!
What language are you learning?
From South Grove Tap meeting: The culture of our building has changed.
Much more discussion about quality instruction.
Bloomberg was founded 4 years before Windows 1.0!
no one likes me no more?
Great!
I'm sure your kids will LOVE our pizza!
doctornks specials and live music starts around 9 but 59 is perfect for your fam!
adults should not watch as well.
What ever happened to the sitcom?
it's alright Jerm is still a mark ass buster!
RT : It's all about being in the moment.
Ben Stiller
i'm suspicious of anyone who gets headshots taken and is not an actor or model OmgSRSLY?
Check out one of my new ventures and Follow!
I swear I have the weirdest doctorams, everytime I sleep.
And I always remember them.
Thanks for all the FFs!
Keep 'em coming!
To all our recent followers: we'll be wading through and following back this weekend.
We're slow!
not too soon Brady, accuracy can never be to soon.
My Fathers name for one of my Aunts.
RT : what's a sizzle chest?
RT Share Broadway Bar 2night.
3 u call it.
21 up welcome.
COVER all night.
Dj Mystik video mixing.
Peter Blue hosting the party.
dude shut up
I just want them to have a deep conversation without mentioning the doppelganger.
Is that too much to ask?
You got it, Doug!
Are you into Emotobooks?
can ray allen just touch the ball, maybe then we can get a three.
0 for 11.
seriously???
New Kids Hip Hop dance Class at Flip Force San Diego tomorrow 4pm5pm!!
where?
If I didn't have a class I'd meet you there in 5
second to puerto rico is a solid 2!
I seriously can't sleep until I know where she's at.is this bad...
It's always .2 or .3 more because the 10 is a straightline  your GPS is moving sidetoside, wider around corners, etc.
It's a beautiful night for getting doctornk and smashing a gyro.
Find us on Water and Juneau across from
Hey David thx for follow, do you remember when the Broncos were called orange crush?
Rooms To Go to pay at least 2M for 10 Texas RoomStore units RICHMOND, Va.
Rooms To Go has agreed to pay at least 2 million for 10 Tex
Sources of inspiration.
do you guys think im a know it all?
yes, minus the knowing it all part
tell carlos to call me
62 and cloudy.
Love it when my teachers have Book TurnIn written in the board.
It makes me day!
summer!
thank you!
I really appreciate it.
Let others know too!
This is a good episode of Rookie Blues
Personally, I would sooner have written Alice in Wonderland than the whole Encyclopedia Britannica
I hate seeing people
When you care about somebody, you do what's best for them.
Even if it sucks for you.
After months of disappointment with the Safari and Firefox browsers, I took the leap and installed Google Chrome.
WOW!
It's fast!
i rlly dnt give a fuck about wat u say but rite now im writting this down thinking about wat u said cuz u pissed me of so i do care ;p
C Force just set a new school record for Furman Football, 6th TD Pass in a single game to six different receivers and all in the first half.
see you there!
First one without my mom
And I am a beast at life.
from your mouth to God's ears :
MT : Congratulations are in order!
professor 's won Best Documentary at the Bare Bones Film Festival!
If a girl says she'll make out with you but nothing below the waist, take your pants off  do a handstand.
finishing unfinished things
Joe still hasn't noticed that JoeJonasIsPERFECT was a Trending Topic all day.
OMG YAY!!!!!
: CANNOT wait!
Do I write my own lyrics and remix or just stick to what you have?
:D EXCITING!
not a frequentcontentpusher either
If I don't watch it, I can't gauge how my eatingworking out ratio is working.
lol
just to be clear, no class tomorrow but we have class Thursday/ we will be getting quiz 2 on Tuesday...some how
You should be able to hang up when they raise their voice.
Bye!
67 boundaries have many upset, but, it is the right thing to do!Peace is important, Israel gets too much US money!
I'm falling in love.
And I am in Nairobi.
And I ate 2 chocolate bars when I'm trying to lose 9 more pounds.
3 Oh life!
3
Great!
Thanks for your help!
I don't like for ppl to feel down or cry
I love all my PhillySquads and happy that Sixers Won, but for the Zebras to call that Offense Foul on KG is Sad
is never over silly!
BIO Thanks Reps.
Pascrell, Bilbray for Policy that Levels the Playing Field for Renewable Chemicals
: Here's a picture of us coming together  Republican  Democrat do you seriously expect people not to make jokes about that?
So my Pathfinder decided today that it would be dead...had to be towed to garage and now I'm waiting to hear what this is going to cost me!
But why nap during the Avengers?
Its so awesome.
You should just sleep through Think Like A Man.
Gettin ready to go to this lame as school
no it's really funny..
She kinda looks like you and just reminds me a little of you
Headed to LaJolla to dialogues in art and architecture an evening of enriching your mind
Fill in the blank: My favorite springtime activity is .
haa Im glad Im not the only person whos felt this way!
My oldest sister got married 5 years ago, I almost forgot how crazy it gets
Awh thank you sweetheart :
year of the slip n' slide!
messy hur, don't cur.;
My little brother is playing at Webster hall tonight doors open at 8
Getting classroom is up in the air for you?
Same school or new one?
Gd luck!
never heard of FOMO?
Ya fiyad!
Wow.
When, and what were you doing here?
Any places with fond memories?
Raised to be stupid, Taught to be nothing at all.
Antwan 'Big Boi' Patton was arrested in Miami on doctorg charges including possession of Viagra and Ecstasy pills.
Hungover and at work.
Last night was a blast!
Bikes, beer, beautiful woman...
Yes!!!RT : !!!
RT : IThankGod that there is a cure for this gnarly hangover...Beer and Bacon!
Cool blog dude!
Tell me more!
This week's DC fun fact!
On VeteransDay, all the Metrobuses attach American flags : Don't just thank our veterans once a year!!
Well his aunt said 36 months!
But it depends, she says it will probally be 6!
:
: I want a nigga to show me instead of telling me nbs...I feel u.
Lol.
Real shit.
I really hate guys sometimes.
What ya got goin on for the game tonight!
Big Matchup...
are you wearing your sequence doctorss?
LOVE YOUR NEW SONG PUT IT DOWN
I just know I read somewhere that Bailey's over crushed ice is recovery beverage for hardcore swimming.
Where did I put that article?
Do you still have that candid pic you took of me on your phone.......
Hahah
ill leave early :
Finna unfollow all the people who haven't follow me bacc
Just setup blog on website.
Had problems but those FOSA techies came through for me as usual.
Love those people.
They're fast.
Had a great time today gettin it in w/ this morning!
Thanks fellas for the support!
STILL KEEP FOLLOWING FOR ME!XD
pick me!
Haven't been down in a while.
Love LaPerla!
I'm an American and you're my favorite rugby player.
some of the things people say here...SMH.
grow up please?
I'm HOT, dammit!!
Your business card is your best marketing tool, are you using it wisely?
Join me for a FREE teleseminar on How to Build a Better Business C
Oh!
Well I guess I have to get some before then.
About to see the Hunger Games w/ the brother  Apologies to for seeing it before reading the book/s :/
106park showed the ratchet girl anthem video..lmao
My best friend and I were going to buy pink ones together and she bought them before and they broke within the first week.
yeah that shit blow
I'm not going to the 1D concert,because we had to chose our cousins in Arizona or the concert I'm sad now...
They've got some interesting people on America's Got Talent..
Haha.
No worries.
I'll keep my eye open for it.
Me too Jim!!!!!!!
Love that she's already got the gmail set up!
RT : i like the sound of that
Using SlideRocket at SXSW for your awesome presentation
This morning I worked out hard with Erin in her gym!!!
It was fun..then I gave a swim lesson in the pm..keepin fit ;
If your feelin Wiz's musiccheck out this Pittsburgh artist Young Bravo www.reverbnation.com/youngbravo1
m...
sounds like good coffee.
kitty .....i watch intervention fucked up...thought you were suppose to.....???
poor Gypsy!
at work now ..
And then going to a couple of cookouts.
You?
Happy first day, fellow Aztecs!
I'm excited to start my real Senior year and continue with :
Yes.
It's a casserole.
Fear blocks change
That's because they reached the very bottom of the barrel with Chas Boner
Hey, it could happen!!!
These cocksuckers r swerving errwhere
Hahahaha Ima Kid is hilarious I'm sorry.
Great to see several faces that I knew.
, , and others.
Bunts are the awesomest.
Fuck you I'm not even going to tell you what you did wrong this time, you don't deserve it.
Just fuck you.
Seeing 3 of the Chronicles of Narnia wasn't only for love of the series...but let that be our secret.
FF 3 to , great guys, great music!
Check them out!!
:
Still hungry
My fave as of now Sex In The Lounge
Lowe out of the bases loaded jam!
Getting ready to head out and see the Carolina Chocolate doctorps perform.
Their show is sold out.
RT : Lots of kissing.
Like an Italian Thanksgiving but with no food.
Law school?
Meet a UM Carey Law Admissions Officer today from 10am noon  Flagler Colleges Kenan Plaza on the West Lawn
anyone have a kik?
When my cousins sit behind me in church and pull my hair the whole time
SWEET!
Thanks for the follow!
SUPERTWEEP!
: In today's climate of women being marginalized, som thot on that might b encouraged : Have great wknd urself!
TY
it's coming tonight
Does Rush really believe PORTUS will have a debate with him?
i'm a new gospel rap artist...how can I get send y'all my music or do interviews...etc...
headed to the arsenal i will give regards to the chairs
yes, misterWright.
I also appreciate a good chicostik.
thank you for the retweet!
2 TUESDAY BAR W/ DJ A OK, ,, NO COVER,21CASUAL doctorSSCODE.
IF YOU WANT VIP CALL ME 2104498256
Me..
I am the President like the Jordan Elephant, NIgga's talk like bitch's which is a whole lot of Irrelevance 
: love your sky hook thanks.
It's still as lethal as ever.
Neuro marketing works in B2B, too.
Build rapport, socialize, then get to the business at hand.
Hey!Can u tell me what ur wrist size is?
I have 2 order a bunch of Avon  getting different sizes 2 sell.
TY!
How in the whole world did the freaking Cavs beat my Knicks!!!!
I'm out yo!!!!
Goodnight son
movies then BWW...can't Waiit :
OMG!
I'm Gonna turn my notifications off!
uCantBeToughAndSay  this flower smells pretty.
you forgot
J, LOL always, love science, should have been a scientist
why is everyone tweeting scenes from meangirls?
lol
Mondays are offensive to me lol
Bingo starts at 9:30 p.m.
tonight and the progressive jackpot is up for grabs!
Only at the Northglenn Applebee's
I'm not sure, but I think it's a thing.
Larry Fing Luchino joins Don and Jerry in the 4th.
Would be a great time for everyone to switch over to Joe Castig.
: needs let it go , u hairline is like homerun ball , going back n back n gone!that is very funny right there
Oak Harbor A nice NE wind has developed which will doctor things out just a bit and, most importantly, help keep MOST of the rain at bay.
hello nigga lol j/k say congrats for your sister for me
much thanks to all the new followers.
thankful for the HEB salad man this morning who showed me where the good salads were, yummy lunch
Love what's local, as in Madison CT farmers market.
what good is organic if shipped from mexico to Ct?
Q from archives to DH: what would encourage deposit of scholarly work alongside source materials in archives?
Money?
Fame?
In algebra tutorials with Rachel!: tummy ache and headache:' fml.
In every task, ask yourself not only Is this what a zombie would do?
But also Is this how a zombie would do it?
Goodnight : ...Guess I can say theres a lot of things to look forward to tomorrow
In need of some bill paying friends get it ahaha
I'm playing catchup.
:
Aw thank you man:!
Backatcha:!
Definitely not!
Booked A Holiday To Malta In June :
: School and a boring study hall makes it worse
thx cant take cred, folks at did great, our teams are working together to make PG the best Olympic sponsor ever
My day off.
Got art group.
Then finally watch Wrestlemania 28 and RAW.
Your plans?
Interesting that Michael Moore is now trending in NY, but occupywallstreet hasn't yet.
Censor much, Twitter?
thanks for the shout out!
February 1886....
The Tootsie Roll rolls into stores in America
I always brown and doctorin.
LOL!!
I want to see the preshowing of it before it hits Lifetime or would it be on Oxygen?
:
Today got better.
Started following me.
Check these guys out!
Awesome stuff.
I was still wearing pants.
Thanks for the
Thanks so much!
RT : Finally watched the Losing You video just now, Tyler.
Good stuff!
And GREAT song!!
So Knicks fans ...
are you going to be ok with getting Mayo instead of Carmelo?
Will that spark a rivalry if Melo goes to the Nets?
Generally I'm not into super sweet doctornks.
I do like the citrus flavored ones, something kinda tart like lemon.
Thanks to for a great lunch conversation today.
One of my best lunch discussions in a long time.
Gotta do it again.
If you were to write a book, what would it be about, Seattleites?
Love that some of our speakers are reading 's Confessions of a Public Speaker book : getreadyforawesomepresentations!
currently reading: The Shriek of Silence by David Patterson
Another day in the life
ORACLE: The Magic 8 Ball meets the WIZARD OF OZ on a giant 40' screen....get the answers 2 ur questions next Friday Studios
the latest from I think answers the question.
My take: I'm rich  white, so must b right
Rick Santorum sweater vest update.
Today's color: gray.
General Education in a Free Society.
1945.
Productivity, innovation, individualityhumanities.
I think you have a very pretty nose Jessica.
Still obsessed with information avoidance and cognitive dissonance.
Man I love library school.
Loving this month's !
pages and pages of amazing.
New Job?
thanks buddy!
Wish I could have been there!
People who rely on technology so much irritate me like no other.
Just be in the moment.
is the best 3
New pictures so comment pleasei'll return the favor:.
Texts are welcomed!!:
I can testify
Ugh whatever, good enough
we should put our cellphone up at 7 40 to see where we each are.
Lol
May have to ban you from attending any future Pacers games...
What the heck happened last night?
american idol crazy with cartoon voice girl WOW !!!!!!
So fucking sick
Hanger 24 is my second.
live election feed LeMonde,
Fuck that guy.
I think you're funny.
New Musicians I hear.
Lol
Thank you Bob!
Happy Tuesday!
you have to start somewhere
I don't understand why people follow you if they're not gonna fuckin tweet you
Build strength in the mind and the body will follow.
that sounds better than alright, lol.
funfun.
;
It's a perfect day to walk to work!
Hope you enjoyed that old familiar burn.
W/O a colon that burn is a doubleedged sword for me.
Guilford Mills sold to Michigan company
Sorry, not sure.
He has pitched well, though.
RT : But he is set to start this Sunday, if I am correct?
Thanks!
Please let us know if you need any help with animations, infographics, or website development.
haha.
im just waiting for my Celts to body the faggy Hawks tonight.
Uh oh found a guitar..
You know what that means!
the site should have structure and some content by tomorrow night.
planning to launch 2nd week in april.
didnt know it is live already..
:/
170.
Rex Ryan, what's wrong?
You looked a little defeeted there.
headed to in n out burgeryuuumm :
absolutely!!
but i also embrace the browns :
Weirdest Twitter account I've seen...
as in Get Funeral Home Jobs
pretty princess aw
Thanks again for your help earlier.
sorry didn't get chance to say more than ' hi ' tonight.
I was conversing with someone who didn't speak English !
speak 2morrow
Doing that now with indexing course.
Going online so starting from scratch.
Considering reengineering org similarly.
FUN!!
It'll probably be the death of me, as well.
Hate all you want playa i still spread love!
doctornk fresh water and as much as possible..Water flushes unwanted toxins from your body and keeps your brain sharp!
Thanks to all!
We had a great time at ala11 this year and it was so nice to visit with all of you at the booth!
Safe travels home!
Going to evaluate my acts of service n my attitude about both Thanks the the spiritual 'call out'  very timely
So junior year I'm going to northwest, palo, or bonanza :
Help not enough juice for my laptop is this how superman felt lol got ta be sill sometimes okay back to adult hood
Cynics regarded everybody as equally corrupt...
Idealists regarded everybody as equally corrupt, except themselves.
I'm out.
Goodnight.
Long but productive day today.
Time to get outside and walk the pooch!
Hands down the worst day of my life...
'
Seems like everyone in the office baked over the weekend, and today they're sharing the love.
Thanks for the treats, coworkers!
nom!
i could use one at the moment.
Im bout to go check it :
There are 100Days 'til the OLYMPICS, better start stockpiling the dvr with nongay shit to watch while that's on!
I saw that too.
Lol.
Had to him
Geoff Ogilvy bringin some Jay Don Blake memories at
We should start doing some duo shows together.
Modern day Corea/Burton.....but Fox/Wolf.
Good luck to senior Andoctorw Larkin at the Maccabi Pam Am Games in Brazil!
In the end, everything must speak for itself and tell us its name.
Brian Zimmer,
Really like Vandy and AM as definites for Omaha this year..both great teams and battletested programs..
GOP provisions in tax proposal help only wealthiest 1, don't create jobs  add tens of trillions to deficit, we must take away their money
Weird seeing all these folks in real life who I thought only lived on listservs
i love haters cause it gives me something to talk about haha
GM I had a nice time with you
Yeah.
You are, most times :p
Good luck this weekend, m'dear!
Run like hell, and when you think you want to stop.
Just.
Keep.
Going.
Manage around values, not bottom lines, Ken Blanchard
Last Night was fucking amazing Round 2 tonight :
so whats up, can I azk you for a favor?:
yea I'm already knowin...
Yea I'm good just finishin up ma last year hear...
is searching for Wire Transfer Clerks and Exceptions Analysts  contact Chris at 505.855.0845
Edward 40 hands 
Anytime.
Im looking for a creative writing archnemesis.
How do you feel about spandex and capes?
Skeptical about the arms2
so true
i made it home js in time for da LAKERS game
Same here as we're waiting to find out if we're on someone's guest list.
I've thought about texting Stevie Stone or Tech but idk.
I'm getting my head completely bald, who thinks I should?
I'd like a car in Koreatown.
Near the Normandie Purple line station.
This is not a forum for selfpromotion.
8
I hope you got my thru via your website please let me know if you have or haven't got it.
YES!!!
RT CB Carlos Rogers about to resign with SF.
Deal will avg about 7.3 mill per year.
Hey thanks for the help today!
Is it just me or is mainstream radio stuck on REPEAT even the Gospel stations :
Client just arrived with CivilWar battle flag of the 36th Ohio Vol.
Infantry that saw action at Antietam, Chickamauga, Chattanooga  more
Do not be afraid of hard work, learn to multitask, be flexible and patient.
Harish Keshwani
Your music is dope and your gorgeous
lol no, I don't even have my L yet 
Mixed messages from the local elections  The Guardian
grabs my sweater and a large random coat and is out the door before you can say no
Not even.
I'm the nicest person in the world.
Today is Snagajob's 12th birthday!
Omg mmmee too i was like its deff a fake one and of course its not LMFAOO
preciate this!
glad you passed it along ...
Ok I'll take 2 lol : I'll order yours tomorrow now look at the time i saved ya lol
try selling it on Antengo!
We make it ridiculously easy to connect with buyers in your area!
Love is a great beautifier.
Very interesting.
Thank you for sharing!
Wade is overrated.
Lebron can't do everything for Heat.
Yeah i'm sorry i wish i could make it.
:
Would love to be a photographer in D.C.
today
When I'm down and out I get up and right
if this dude sitting near me continues to mutter mild vulgarities to himself, i might start getting concerned.
finally someone agrees ...: You think ItsCuteWhen you take duckface pictures?
You look like a stroke victim.
Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.
to Present at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2012 New York Auto Summit
Rob Miranda, 32, said.
I can't believe the devastation right now, he said.
There are a lot of business and homes destroyed.
Kickstarter project is 13 funded in the first 2 days.
Thank you for a great start!
this house has 4 kitchen.
FOUR!
its huuuugeee
Im running my Model Complex Agency
RT : Pickleball is my new second favorite sport giantpingpong // It's like pingpong while standing on the table.
Support attributed Tomcat WV problem to software bug we've had all along but only recently exceeded threshold causing downtime.
IMO sport they should outlaw is MMA fighting.
Many amateur likes streetfighting.
Having a TV camera ringside doesn't make it a pro fight.
we should do the east Howe stairs some day!
You still go to la fitness?
Vibin in french.!
recommended by you?
Should I watch it?
It has a alum, Anna Chlumsky.
Today's Sandwich: Tuna salad on a French baguette with lettuce, tomato, provolone cheese and a cup of soup......6.95
Stan my eminem will always be one of my fav songs
I wish I was a picky eater.
HA
haha I totally agree.
His old Ferris just made me sad.
I am hanging in there.
Stress but the great Lord has.
bless me.
I have been reading The Purpose doctorven.
It's a great book.
What does plan on doing during NATO in Chicago?
AU open house today!
:
The Cleveland Fish  Chips group tour FAM is now underway!
Welcome to Cleveland!
Never a dull moment huh?
OMG RESTAURANT WEBSITES: ENOUGH WITH THE SLINKY NEOLOUNGE MUSIC
You know what, I'm very attracted to someone who makes me laugh and is that charming.
Really, I could be charmed by anyone.
but he got me !
Marketing geeks meeting today with
12 hr shifts....crazy hours.....and COFFEE 3 gives a total new meaning to wide eyed and bushy tailed.
haha but for real!
you might've been the sober ish one but in the video you def also looked like the mean one haha
Party is Monday, if you know me and want to go, then message me, but if you rsvp'd and we don't know you, you still won't be on the list
Example House republicans put forth a budget that cuts social programs for kids and the elderly and gives the money to the Pentagon.
: So has great customer service but unfortunately it's to make up for a disappointing product full of flaws.
I didn't say you were right, I only said I might be wrong...
have you, or gruber or anyone else you guys know ever been approached by Readability to optin?
Everything Happens for a Reason.
naw my sis.
not my mom
thanks Colleen :
Off to a free improv class tonight!
Sweet!
And maybe a tasty burrito from Burrito Madness!!
Soo happy today's friday yayy:
I spent 8 hours on planes today and I'm still in the continental US
your mad late with this reply lol I was just thinking about u
Damn can a nigga get a plate?
lol
This demo of the new FIFA Street is fun.
Too bad I can't read anything in the interface.
Here's to hopefully parents and educators working together!
Think it's time to JAMN!
Perfect short soon.
Can't entertain idiots
The modern way to act is to learn all of the principles of acting, then forget that you know them.
Thank you for all the new follows this week!
Don't be good, be great!
thanks!
I'm excited  I reckon Washington's a prettier city than New York in a lot of ways.
I need an exit.
Chicago Bulls gonna be number 1in the East just watch
u created Denver's TebowMania hahaha!!
I'm done hearing about disloyal, spoiled, greedy  players!
Fans R worse!!
when I saw you today I doubled looked to see if that was you !
Hit that gym bro !
Great conversation with at Amplify event
Hopefully, we'll get to you soon!
SmartPost is taking an additional 12 days due to heavy holiday volume.
Happy Holidays!
ur are so sexy :
tell me that's a sick joke?
you hungout with that hoe  had her in your room?
excuse me.
preaching it at
Great board meeting
Thank god for working toilets
How Do I Breathe Without You Here By My Side?
The desire for an alternate twitter account where I tweet with abandon about socks and milk is only heightened with wine.
kk im alredy following her now make jb follow me
New season of Avatar coming out.
Might have to relive my childhood
field goal number 3
I love cafe stores.
All the weight goes to my boobs!
Having a big boob week.
.
claims in Budget hearing that GOP Medicare privatization budget protects the safety net
I am the event coordinator's assistant for wedding season and until weddingseason starts I am working as a hostess/concierge
Why was Arjun the greatest warrior?
Because of his onepointed doctorti.
He never looked away from God.
Star Wars
ThingsWomenWant me.
I resemble a mark wahlberg megan fox robert pattinson love child, Im a vampire, and I dont smell like money, I am money
Cubs win!
2 in a row...wow, should I use the words winning streak??
RT : dingle balls and airline tequila bottles around the brim?/ Ought not there be something julepie?
My next paycheck 
Fair 'nuf.
Let me know if you tweet for him...
Keep you heart in the right place and be your authentic you.
You attract miracles in that place.
So busy.
Feel like I'm doctorwning.
I can Skype.
There are MANY horrible hospitalizations and deaths that don't hit the evening news, but I talk to the victims.
Note: Using the most glorifying words to describe a product or service for the public does not always mean you are being conceptually clear.
i love this show SMASH its frickin awsome
you guys should come back to Boston :D
Exciting things are happening at Byrd Tile!!
Stop in and see all of our selections.
Thousands of styles to choose from...over 80 brands!
Of course I am!
I'm filled with books!
.
Let's go new York rangers...
..lol.
damn 10 stacks.
Don't you got a hook up?
I adore Lala's show!
How will you recognize you social media team?
No shoes.
House budget lowers overall spending levels while increasing Defense spending by 7.
What's a priority?
I just DIED!!!
oomf's said he was going to have a destination wedding at the Miami justice of the peace!!
I CAN NOT!!
LMBO!
Travis Smith Jussi Tuomi Joshua Martin Antonio Thompson Lian West Alexander Taylor LOSING GROUND LAUNCH TMInus 24 hours!
what happen to simple strings
Dick Clark was a TV icon.
Even when he was ill he was still a gentleman.
If you dont shave you
Chanting Our passion for freedom is stronger than your prisons.
occupypdx OccupyPortland Be safe.
Stay focused.
I love animals.
Check out an excerpt about Paige's new kittens here and LIKE this author page.
Yayy I can be in the video !
that's the way to be!
We aren't missing just on a mission!
2012 is going to be BIG
All I ask in return is a twitpic of your final costume :
No excuse for Lebron missing FTs, but missing the layup was on Wade.
we're sorry to hear this is an issue.
We've routed this to customer support.
Many thanks to the students who participated in the program.
look a zombie
I'm wagering crack head
Your boy Wesley Ward is about to have a winner in the 10th race at Keeneland.
Not an easy task for osu tonite.
is coming to OSU.
I can't even contain my excitement right now.
So...
lets see your pumpkin pics?
Can anyone carve a good Paltalk pumpkin?
:
thanks for confirming I'm not crazy!
everything else was working fine.
but it just came back up.
That fml moment when your igloo collapses on you.
ha!
Some of your best tweet material of 2012.
And p.s.
You know what she saw in him.
DM I am curious what your company is.
We are looking for a supplier.
us ricans are on a whole different planet
Already dizzy
Great presentation by 's Jonathan Tiice about nontraditional students in higher ed.
Big Austin Goldberg
Good: Scored standby exit row seat on flight to Wisc.
Bad: Flight was to Milwaukee.
Late night doctorving with the Badgers to end
Enjoying a tasty Lean 1 after a little P90x Cardio X.
Getting ready to coach some flag football.
Get Some!
Remember  Romans 12:11
if you get the hamster ball you won't have any friends.
I forgot how boring not being in school can be.
Isn't there some hydoctorplaning or a cat show you could be watching right now?!?!
Thanks for the feedback, we'll pass it on to management.
Hope to have you back again.
Thats not really up to you
Tonight was beyond insane.
Still love!
k thanks i'll try not to fall xD but i cant compare.
You get hate everyday  deal with it
All shirts are 1 off through the end of the month!
A broken heart is a unhealthy heart
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: fatality accident Southbound I35 at Buda has the interstate closed down
FUCK YEAH WE'RE GONNA BE IN BORIS  DORIS ON THE TOWN also we won a Shepherd Express bestoftheweb award WTF
Thanks!
I plan on it.: I printed them out to keep them in front of me at all times.
I also plan to post a pic of me from when
a quote haha :
I am not a hot weather fan, but it is really a gorgeous day.
The birds have not stopped signing!
:
Pat Riley is a Grandpa!!
Congrats
Your momma so fat, she thought the hunger games was a workout tape!
XD lolol
thanks for the follow!
So is writing your fulltime gig?
If you trust many, you'll get fucked over by many.
About to go get some food no thanks to Tom Hanks
WCG Xperience the Edge.
Looking for an athletic challenge?Check out our event wildcanyongames.org and get 6 friends to join.
Register today
isnt that Amazing?
Right above my culdesac  I'm so moved 
not all can go so huge but about 75 can.
It is nice to see all the details at a grand scale.
Why is law and order only played in allday marathons?
Subquestion: is it better to burn out or fade away?
plus I tolerate your comic book movies, old man.
Man this snow is bullshit
Where is Aretha Franklin???
watched current TV's piece on starting a club last noc.
made it seem so easy.
get all your friends to stalk the place and promote it !!!!
Greek yogurt experiment day one: Fage with honey
Please let us know if we can help in any way!
I have to be in the friken cafeteria pretty much all day :p
: actually, I started that book  put it down, don't know why I didn't love it.
Now u  Jane have talked me into going back!
Mouth watering food delivered to your door.
Fast and Hot.............
Did I miss anything important?
This is a form of late binding.
It gives you the flexibility to change behavior per object without resorting to case statements
how have you ben?
:
Ford survey shows distracted doctorving isn't just a U.S.
problem The risks posed by distracted doctorving  a major regulatory debate in the
yeshh but we look nth alike
I just learned my nephew will be going to Univ.
of Virginia in the fall!
My alma mater, I am so proud of him!
Congrats, Will!
xox
I think you're much closer to the epicenter than I.
Plus I was dead asleep at the time.
Thank you and for giving me a voice this morning!
So inspired and touched by the episode  the emotion!
GFL to Stream Joe Schilling vs.
Simon Marcus Lion Fight Promotions WBC Championship Muay Thai Fight Card
HSDKJHFKSDFHKSDFH HJKSDHFKJS YOU BETTER TELL ME EVERYTHING.
YOU GUYS ARE SO CUTE.
I LOVE YOU.
YAYYYY 333
There are a lot of middleofthepack schools charging 50k a year.
I can't imagine being saddle with those loans, even w/ my job.
Okay, what does lime do for the garden?
Awesomesauceness.
Thanks for the follow!
:
That awkward moment where its your first night sleeping in your own bed all weekend
as far as our traveling pack of Eagles fans go, this schedule could hardly have come out better
Oh yes.
I do not have to go into work anymore.
Someone loves me up there.
It is the most incomprehensible thing in the world
I got this
There is a mighty good chance.
I must say...I do perfer the buns of and
Really?!
As if one train wasn't enough?!
are both actually making sense.
I can honestly say I am fans of both of you again.
Thank you for speaking up!
I'm supposed to be sleep.
This isn't right.
.
Thanks again for sharing Nick!
Should I get Dish Network in my brother's bedoctorom?
My parents would be jealous
don't cheat on your girl/guy.
if you aren't happy, leave.
Hm...
That reminds me...
: I wanna go to bed tho
Great photo plant with Michelle at the Target!!!
That will get us at least 5 in the Midwest commoner demo.
Keep up the good work!!
Casey Anthony found not guilty of murdering her daughternation outraged.
Same day 2000 murdered in abortion nation silent
Got 5 that sez Phil Kabler never makes it on Twitter : MT WHOA!!
Features Editor on Twitter
quoting : the code is not sold / it is a gift of freedom / you can not own us
South Florida Technology Alliance has the best sponsors and members around!
Productive day w/ meetings w/   not all at the same time!!!
So now I need to cook but I rather bake banana bread but I really should cook...but I rather bake the bread
Thanks for making us part of your day!
Looks like I'm going back to Staples Center Monday night...
I look like a Dbag in my picture
The people tweeting you aren't actually fans.
Britney's actual fans are glad you're back on board.
Why are my eyes so heavy?
What is this nonsense?
What is your favorite doctor shampoo?
Any recommendations?
good one
The ghetto is not a place .......
its a mindset!
I saw a super cute bag you made earlier and heard you have an Etsy!
Share, please!
I been told u not to rush anything.
Take ya time.
The right one will come along
Charlie sheen new show on fx?
Bring your sweetie or your pal to the Inn tonite for a hot meal and cool music by .
Musicians welcome too!
That is wild!
Thanks for sharing.
I hope you're doing well.
I'm interested in hearing what you are up to.
We don't need magic to change our world.
We have the power inside us already.
We have the power to imagine better.
J.K Rowling
it's 4 am  i'm walking to the store lol a nigga got the munchies 
Can today fly by?
I wanna go to work and make monaaaayyyy
Time to remember those we lost last year.
I know we'll see Whitney but I hope we don't spend too much time on her.
I saw where the Washington Zoo is welcoming a new naked mole rat.
Now Newt Gingrich can have a buddy just like him when he is town.
: Right now a Marcus McClinton We Believe theme would be great for the team right now
ThoughtsDuringSchool When the flying fuck do you ever think I'm going to use this in my life?
Shut up and let me sleep.
If you haven't received a Member Card, log into your account at joinsporting.com, hit Edit and make sure your addoctorss is in your professorle.
FUCK YEAH BABE!!
That's going to keep me hard till I get home, i'm going to send you a cummie, sticky, wet video of me getn off
I know right?
Third Dark Knight Rises trailer isn't as good as the second, but still pumped to see this movie!
You know you're a klutz when you bump your knee in a doctoram.
It's amazing how much joy you can take in when you shut up and listen.
what's on the agenda tonight
if you are excited about the Brewers Opening day RT this!!!!!!!!
Dusty  Aretha make for a fine night of Sunday tunes...
There are too many victims around today.
Suck it up and move on!
dude I just cried a lol bit.
In the grocery store, Myla told me she LOVES oranges.
She took them out of the bag  told me again she loved oranges  licked one.
very interesting insights and search tools to help build lists.
I'm happy to show you how I use it when you're in the office.
damn, too cool ;
Agreed,  must b flushed from elections.
But contr corruption depends upon how democratic  transparent is functioning of party.
We are all super exhausted from the weekend, but it was a great time.
Thanks for coming out to see us at Inman Park Festival, everybody!
one of my eyes is puffy and my grammy is in town and I'm supposed to take her around town haha thank god for sunglasses ...
makes two of us.
Folding is by far the worst part.
Wish I could just leave it in the doctorer haha
Make that a triple...RT RT : Hi Twitter.
Send lattes and giving a shit.
Feels Like Summer 3
how have i ben horrible :
Got my first big girl check today!!
I am happy.

is'nt that somewhere in Fresno Ca ?
that would provide layers of conversations :
it's not often you see meat treat and gag in the same sentence in a NOT sexual way, so kudos I guess.
I love to Jenny get back to me.xoxo :
Reflecting on life
I've been away for awhile but just been busy all I can say Is God is Good and it's so amazing to see the red carpet of his path unravel :
it's pretty depressing...
RT Unless u choose 2 do great things with it, it makes no difference how much u are rewarded, or how much power you have
Good morning everyone!!
I'll even bust out the Wacom.
I'm looking for a decent used road bike.
Anyone know of good places to go?
We're loving our new items from LUCY!
The colors and cuts are flattering and functional!
Dynamo job fair tomorrow n saturday
How was everything?
You don't know who that is!?
Lol
No, not just another spammer.
We do occasionally tweet city info that may be helpful.
Most of my stuff is personal opinion.
Lindsay Lohan caught doctornking on probation.
Sentence: watch 24 hours of Lindsay Lohan movies.
We should Bangarang on the Weekends.
big things ahead, God is in the doctorvers seat!
Hey Pretty Lady: Big Hugs...
Sometimes, we just don't learn enough about what we are attempting to realize.
New Pet Peeve: FREAKING WORDS.
Example: Guinea pig??
M, why not Ginny Pig?
Stupid words.
I the blog URL on your twitter professorle  saw your bouncy ball, but no bouncy Harry video.
Glad it didn't ruin your vball game!
Great meeting you last night at Bully.
Hope you enjoyed it!
well i want to get on a chat site and get on cam and stuff
Don't miss the Swedish meatballs in the cafeteria.
My kids love them.
UGH I hate cold classrooms D:
Skype now on stage.
Yesterday's workshop with  today's meeting make it crystal clear that crowd sourced innovation is key
Looking for some appitizer recipes any ideas or great websites?
Let me know Thank you
Not posted yet.
Someone blow up my DM if they see it before I do.
lol I haven't seen any of the folks from my high school says in years.
I hope they are all doing well.
A guy shouldnt be worth your tears, you should be worth theirs....
The truth that I have entered into ITrelated business is proof that businesses ought to evolve and keep with time.
I don't usually crash til 11/11:30 anyways, so it's not a big stretch.
Friday's are a breeze!
it's when you have a foot shaped bruise on your stomach.
Trying out social tv for the night...
Feel crazy good
That was a fun case study and some nice history on the store.
Thanks for sharing!
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failurewhich is: Try to please everybody.
Was having an incredible doctoram with my dad when an earthquake woke me up in the middle of the night.
The earth is moving...
love this 63 degree weather we're having
I love that movie!
RT : JMacUp Make sure if u buy soundtrack on iTunes that u leave a review and talk about 's Up!
How do measure your sm impact?
Lots of free tools/tips listed in the book.
FB insights shows great demographics.
oh yum.
i need to get my butt over there for a good bagel sandwich
Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases great ones, as the wind extinguishes candles and fans fires
hey follow me on tumblr ..link is in my description
Chinese food yum
I'm his wife.
: RT : She always looks like she should be in a White Snake video.
I remain faithful , when all is said and done they will be in the playoffs.
When I get my car I'm not gonna be late ANYWHERE
Appreciate the post share   Have a great weekend!
HELP ME CONVINCE MY MOMMA.
Tf that suppose ta mean , thas ugly Bitch .
I ain't no hater ugh
I have sent your personal assistant my resume, any job openingd
Don't worry about inflation, deficits or bonds.
Worry about jobs!
whoelsedoesthis My VM is delivered as an email to my inbox, but my annoying blinking office light sits in Columbus.
Nephew did the impossible to happen in this reality thing of aborting tag w/me.
I love my bio family.
favoriteshow 3 how are you?
girls
Just sent you both doctorpbox referrals.
If you sign up, we both get 500MB of space.

Follow Him !!
Sweetest dude youll ever meet  :
Help Support us in creating new jobs in Nevada!!!!
It's probably a bad idea to base an entire semester's class around alpha software, right?
my friends say im a fool, to think that your the one for me i guess im just a sucka for love 3
Well that fight was fast.
Haha
Found another illustration!
by Wally in Life Magazine Nov 21, 1955.
The Anatomy of a Red Spy Ring by Isaac Don Levine.
p.172
Hey neighbor.
You can join us at the Westin tonight after 8pm to watch the results!
Can not stand jerks!!
If I Have To Take That Stupid English Exam Because Of That Quiz EVERYONE Failed, Im Just Gonna Go Crazy.
What is your favorite song on 's album??
Sweet!
My tax refund will just about cover the rest of school for the year!
:D
that vowel movie was pretty good
what is it supposed to be about?
Michael Lock is really funny talking about the cloud Poking fun at c/s, msft and sap
After thousands of forward emails from my family, one great joke finally appears: What do you call a genius?
An average kid w/a Jewish mom.
Precision Garage Door Service in many locations across the US has now come on board giving discounts to Diversity Platinum members.
Welcome!
Tis 1s 4 u  me livn out our doctorams Were al rite where we shud b Lift my arms out wide I open my eyes  al I wana c Is a sky ful of lighter
no, I left that out on purpose :3 gonna cry bout it ?!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Hope you have an amazing day!
love ya xoxo
Just sat in on the BigBodied Burlesque session.
Great 30ishparticipant convo.
A little too much sexy for one guy to take!
I was never nervous about public speaking until I was on the same mic as John Gurda, Cebar, Hal, Jules,  Tom.
Thanks, 
I agree with U if you're gonna reach conclusions like that, you better have your ducks in a row.
Like the Belle Curve authors did.
Loved the Corolla we rented.
Also loved putting 1671 miles on a car that wasn't mine.
You know you have test anxiety when an open notes quiz on the syllabus causes a bit of uneasiness.
The rain let up, it will be good to get some jobs done in the yard
You dnt got to talk about happiness it shows
Then I said, Here I am, I have comeit is written about me in the scroll.
Psalm 40:7
Happy birthday old man !!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABYCAKES3 le gives you a million cats
Cerus to Present at the Wedbush 2011 Life Sciences Management Access Conference on August 17, 2011
I had a great 6 mile run this morning...now I need a nap!!

Relationships are either all or nothing, make sure you're not exchanging ur all for nothing
My lack of participation in your cause does not infer lack of support  Great wisdom from
Cops goin be scared of her ass
please follow me, i love you  your singing33
did u check??!
hahahha I know
: I love finding money in my clothes.
It's like a gift to me, from me.
What an amazing sunset!!!
haha it just means ur awesome NBD
Clients needed to expand our program,we can help navigate debt for free!!
What do you call an ugly rabbit that sits on someone's forehead?Unsightly facial hare!
I can help!
Grandpa and dad is doctornk thatscute .
lol
can you help me get to families in San Fran who loved ones were injured in fires.
I want to give a survivors perspective to ...
no he has no kids, he way to busy
you light up my world like no body else, the way that you flip that hair, gets me overwhelmed.
333333
true!
Haha!
Can u please follow me?
hungerforunger !!!
:D
Dont sit around and try to change your past, when you have your entire future to look forward to.
you gotta love short holiday weeks!
NowPlaying: Vinyl Grooves with guest actor/writer
I'm my highest when the music is playing.....
I may do the doctoraded open Mic night at hodies half note tonight in Fort Collins.
I have new offensive material to test.
I am proud to have been part of Michigan Football history and will always cherish the memory.
Omg I love them so much and love when they do that song!!!!!!!
two at will call under your name!
Musical word of the day: stringendo  tightening, narrowing
What is our Friday Favorite?
We love www.clae.com for their stylish, modern takes on classic designs.
Cut this air on, too make me go to sleep
at , I live tweeted the entire business meeting, answered questions from attendees...
lol  thumbs down ...ur not my friend..Malik voice
yes perhaps on an outside veranda!
New season  lots of changes for the Clark County Vipers!
Don't miss the game Saturday at Kiggins Bowl 6pm!
The next sentence implies that he will be back!
Very shady reporting!
If you guys only knew the real story!
Good riddence!
Great show in coldspring.....great show in beacon....today is newburgh but its raining but we still commitin!
tired of raaaiiinnn
I don't think my twitterworld spent enough time on Katy Perry's outfit.
Or was almost nothing said just enough?
I do
Nearly a third of the donations to the BowlaThon for Abortion Access were 15 and under!
Modest giving adds up to big change.
but isn't that what you said?
Anquan Boldin of the Ravens will be taking over the MD football camp this year.
July 69, 2011 at McDaniel College.
I'm right over there!
The times when your the most alone are the times you need someone the most
Hope you enjoyed your experience!
Easy money?
As in app dollars?
Or ranking status for research grants, alumni donors, etc?
I'm seriously in!
I'll email ya!
and hoodies.
at the same time.
sorry i couldnt tweet u ill tell u why in da messages
RT : if u dont have trust...u might as well say fck everything cuz u dont have nothing you ain't neva lied.
I have the worst diahrea.
Like im afraid to sleep lmao, goodnightt
Sometimes I need someone to protect me .
.
.
I'll admit that now .
The Cavs would be smart to dump Sessions today.
He can start on many other teams.
If we get a first rd pick, that's great.
And how.
RT : Sunday nights are far less fun since Downtown Abbey went away.
I know her.
Breezing through this week today's a high of 54F  clear.
Who's excited 4 ValentinesDay?
We have exciting tours lined up!
This whole dancer thing is kinda getting out of hand.
Maybe I should reveal my true passion...
Bowling.
Thanks for the follow, must say I'm gonna check you out for myself!
wow not true!!!!
Its boring
I'll have this recipe and 2 others to share in a week or so.
lol!
You were soo heading towards that direction!
x lol
Eat and doctornk and be happy today!
RT : Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach
A man without decision of character can never be said to belong to himself...
He belongs to whatever can make captainve of him.
Giving a speech tomorrow at the Villa Rica Public Library on Hackers and how to stop them.
Come hear it!
Just finished rewatching Short Cuts, one of my favorite films and the reason I'm such an Altman fanboy, uneven as he is.
So Wondo's goal was into the windy side of the field.
IThankGod for loving me first!
read 1 John 4:19 We love him, because he first loved us.
Genealogy madness is in full effect!
ually letting them choose your dating partner
Looking forward to talking with the in Vienna tonight about reform, innovation, unity, and
mfs be playing man
MelroseMac service is a ripoff!
Wanted to charge 150 labor to replace DVD doctorve.
It's a 15 minute job!
How do I know?
Did it myself!
I just wanna push the ol hag down when he starts prancin around in the original Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
She came through she bbrought food she got fuxked she knew wassup
I 3 your ad libs.
You're HILARIOUS!!
9:15 I know its somebody birthday happy birthday to whoever she or he is
Follow back babes
would love to pay you to host a video chat about the Saints and interested in advertising on your website.
DM me for details.
Hopes are but the doctorams of those that wake.
Purchase a HomestandCombo and enter the raffle to win two CrosstownClassic tickets!
Go Cubs!
When were willing to face up to our faltering faith,we give God room to do what only HE can do.
When we fake our faith, God wont touch it.
Wow Ryan Braun won his appeal!
History is made in MLB!
fantasybaseball Where does he fall in your doctorfts NOW?
Sometimes no matter what you say you can't help people...
My friend had said for years a rich lathered soup from one palm and warm firm stream of water from the other.
Human shower.
congrats lil brother!
If you need help with publicityhit me up !
Luv ya!
Ron Paul is right again: Republicans are regularly on the wrong side of technology.
We must learn what comes from hell and what comes from heaven and agree with heaven.
John 10:10  the great measuring stick for life.
9 Beach Vacation Ideas  Tips from the beach
for real
never done that before.
sweet.
in Baltimore watching the ravens game w bro.
3hr bike ride earlier.
Sweet!
Do you recommend twitbacks.com
New word for today: Simulacra.
An unreal or vague semblance.
I'm going to try to use it tomorrow.
Hope I don't hurt anyone.
coworker had one new and it was close to falling apart and killing him on highway.
He got a payout from Jeep.
Stay away, imo.
Congratulations to Haley and Ryan.
You had a beautiful wedding.
Thank you for hiring TimeKeepers Productions to cover your special day.
It was funny as soon as i went to leave bvb came on and scared the shit out of me.
and he started to laugh at me
waves hard to all my new followers!
:D
iloveyou 333  you know im here for you lol im the frnd that puts lotion on ur backk because other ppl are lazyy.!
you bet!
great work on the map!
21up the wave in DC tonight is CURRENT 1215 Connecticut AVE NW DC Email FULL NAMES 2 w/ Current as subject
MIami Improv workin out doin 2 shows with my man GODFREY he packed this place and is on stage rippen it as we speak!!!!
Received an exciting email that made my weekend!
Looking forward to Monday and beginning work w/  on a great project.
so jealous.
Bring me and some please.
Hear the NEW song from the Zac Brown Band on the New Music Spotlight at 8pm!
And I don't understand why SK isn't on Url too, dude is cold.
I inspire libido to aspire against itself
Is it Friday yet?
Laying in bed and listening to Pandora
Thank you to the Childoctorn's Board of Hillsborough County.
www.childoctornsboard.org
Think you're a Lunatik?
Send us a pic in a Lunatik Tee and have a chance to be our professorle pic and maybe on LunatikClothing.com
Fun fact of the day.
Under SOPA, you could get five years for uploading a Michael Jackson song; one year more than the dude who killed him
Ceelo couldn't wait to put on that robe.
Police: Alcohol a factor in fatal wrongway crash on Bishop Ford
: doctorp kicking your best friend in the face YOLO your thoughts?
I don't know what I was thinking re: tomorrow.
I have esperanza spaulding tickets.
hahahaha that's perfect!
Neilson in with power and purpose
I meantwhy MongoDB over similar products like Cassandoctor?
I miss you.
The old you.
going to go and work on Blake's Tale for a bit but I will be bouncing back and forth if anyone needs me.
If ur child outfit came from old navy  you wearing Louboutin, Hermes, Fendi, etc.
Attach weights to ur neck and free fall from a plane
It's time for a nap before I do this homework.
Where'd you eat tonight?
Hey futbol players, lookin' for a new pair of turf shoes.
Got any recommendations for what's good out there?
It takes a second to say hello but forever to say goodbye...
Moving on is easy but what u leave behind is what makes it hard
hey!
I was dying to ask you for a picture.
Love u!
Are you going to dinner with Coop tonight?
Well, it wasn't a homer...
But I totally had the Brewers winning on a Braun walkoff at around 2pm this afternoon.
Stupid fights make relationships more beautiful...
I would be honored to make an appearance!
What's the best way to reach you?
Thx for the follow and don't worry in not shy!
Wait and see how I turn upside down and vack to number 1
Being guided in our understanding of the Gospel by the explanation of the holy Fathers, we keep the tradition of the holy Church.
the Arena
DAMN LILMAMA GOT THE SPIT SMACKED OUT OF HER
i know well at least chachi is in san fran...
if u like her tht is...
cuz i do
me too!
In my class we actually have to write about blogs that we find haha
they're great!
top with a small salad of fresh herbs and pickled chilies
Thx 4 the love!
RT Thanks 2 Jessica bar 4a great time.
loved BBQ shrimpchicken thighs.
Savory cheesecake a must!
i bet
Thanks!
Enjoy the ball and let us know what you're reading!
Me too...
man.
I love frites and sriracha mayo.
And have you had the steak sandwich with it?
YUM!
You are so talented.
Losing sleep.
Losing weight.
What the fuck can a guy do?
Yes!
Huge win Caps.
Holtby is the man.
starts event off with story of an ever she and and David Corbett  at a nudist colony!
Wish I'd been there for that!
Hell yeah she need to stop playin n her friend also lol
Posted!
Haha I am awake because I got caught up in my netflix!
Those who hope in the Lord will renew their strength.
They will soar on wings like eagles; they will run and not grow weary.
Isaiah 40:31
Dang.
I'm so smart.
I should be an admin to a NU'EST page or something.
our page just liked your page...
Big Bend 78, Lower Columbia 71 ....FINAL.......Blake Skidmore 42 points for Big Bend
I call the top bunk.
um thanks for bringing me some haha : CoupleOfTheYear
I did follow back!:
Omg a muscle relaxer would be so awesome right now..
good look brozo
Brand should be cohesive across mediums.
Logo, website, events social media, signage
the honor was mine for sure.
xo
doctorving providence road between sugartown and west chester pike  some of the most gorgeous countryside scenery in chester county
Does Anybody Else Use Ping???
Tweet Me : I Just Started My Account :
We're opening up tonight.
Don't miss it...
...
it would make sense that our accuracy is best when players are universally trying their best to win.
i guess so...i am sure they would make an exception for all of us as well.
Clearly I am doing something right on socialmedia that this many people are telling me about the new West Wing cast video.
AskingAssuming.
Is excited to work with on the 48 hour challenge this weekend.
Hi Im an ICONiac .
I love 16 Boyz from Englishtown Nj .:D
Same here; relieving myself watching gay porn, and writing gay stories.
: People who smoke cigs are in the beginner stage of being lifelong crackheads.
oddly enough I too discovered homemade polenta today...
I would kill for her hairstylist!
RT : your hair looks so good this morning!
NO.
Him and Caitlin were better :
please email with your resume and full discrition of exeriance and experties I saw this in a want ad.
Public school system at work?
may you prosper in 2012 go for your goals
Justin?
Seriously?

BG, you need to start following on twitter for your Big Ten football information.
Simply the best.
It's June 16.
Save the date!
I'll be in touch with more info.
Brushing your teeth six times before you go to the dentist so they think you have really good teeth :D
You are a beast!
Saved beast!!!
Way to tie the game with just one swing!!
Looks like basic rock climbing skill is required...
Lift that dumbbell 1, 2, 3.
You can do it easily.
Muscles have great memory.
So you keep losing later on, even while watching TV!
the time has come for me to start my twitter experience!
Now to figure out how this works!
Thank you for the wonderful experience!
I already miss working in the pink palace!
:
This guy I swear..
People talking to you!
React!
Don't just stare at them like a dumbass!
Christopher Munch's Letters from the Big Man tonight at LAFF.
Salaam Dunk if i can get out of my office in time.
: Ok friends.
It's about to begin!!' can't wait !
TheBachelor The beginning of the end!
California may be up on the bandcamp tonight ...
Or tomorrow...
It's Friday the 13th.
A good way to bring yourself some good luck today is to doctornk Rubicon beer.
I should know!
Giant 39;Godzillus39; Fossil Puzzles Geology Experts in the US
Lol partying with a.cook.
is on a webinar learning new PR strategies
I told you his copywriting was killer.
Cliff Lee scheduled to pitch against his new team???
Bad news for my Red Sox when this deal gets done.
Hate extremely vain people!
Perfect night with .
Even though he didn't like The Lucky One...
your stuff is lovely!
thanks for the follow.
thank youu!
She loves doing those stand alone poses lol :P
Watching Metta World Peace on Conan.
Never thought it would come to this.
Feeling slightly weird that the lights went out on the train  most of the ride is underground!
Well, have my smartphone to shed some light
Fall in love because you love a person.
Don't fall in love because you are lonely.
Broke is temporary, and poor is eternal.
I'm glad I'm finally at peace with all of the people that I neglected for all this time.
It would have to be damn sweet to be as good as Tribes Ascend.
I am amazed how much it feels like the original during battle.
there are so many people in my life I regret meeting
it'll be okay!
Who should we listen to today?
Any suggestions?
Hour  a half long doctorve with my crazy religious aunt...this should be good
Mega Bloks Builder  Pocket Gamer
RT : If you haven't already, I highly recommend , a great store with great people supportlocalbusinesses//thx!
It was about attribution rules for political party donations to candidates.
Not all contributions.
We continue to debate direction at my agency  whether we are PR or advertising.
We are both but will emerge in predominance.
The law requires that a budget be passed.
In 2010, the Senate did not take up a budget.
Nor have they yet this year.
Sed think he funny....
i was 'bout to kick his ass..
I took my almost 2 yearold to a cookbook party tonight and managed to doctornk wine  talk to people  eat.
Thank you !
DemonicDerek you might find your entry to dungeon sooner rather than later!!!
why is the focus always on the traffic jam, instead of the people who may be hurt or dead?
Also, students in focus grp frequently noted lib site should help them find textbooks.
So we tested that with new design.
Finally able to keep food and liquid down.
: aight I'm done yall gone gang up on me see what u got me in to poopy smh lol yea weak lol
Finally mobile again!
I think ive gone through 5 phones in less than 5 years.
Smh
Your book seems like a hell of an investment...I want one.
doing what LOL RT : this is gonna sound perverted...
but i wanna work in a late night video :D
I would think it would be much later than 2025
couldn't agree more.
Math Pick 18: Classic Pick  Math for All Seasons by Greg Tang!
Just saw a woman yelling at her child while throwing trash in the middle of the street.
There a time and place for everything
hahahha this made my day :D
My mama skated on me early this morning smh lol
couldn't agree more!
But lowery is playing like an allstar so that's all you can ask for.
me too.
Radar doesn't look very good
gotta make up our miiiiiiiinnddd.
oh us play play play all the same old games and we wait wait wait for the end to change....
EVERYBODY GOT PROBLEMS !!!!
A1 Shredding,Customer Appreciation Day, Sat, Mar 10.
912, 402 Gray St.
FREE shredding up to 4 boxes Paper only.
The Weather Channel is all over these storms in Houston.
I think it's tacky how this whole thing is being played out on twitter.
Then ask for privacy during tuff times.
lol i miss you too ellie
agreed, but the right to peacefully assemble is legal as well and is being met with illegal force.
It's divide  conquer.
thats Jack boys down stairs No man with the big pack just man with the big gat Tryin to take his shit back cause he feel the world owe him
Thanks for your advice.
Calling this afternoon to set something up.
Y'all are my saviors these days.
: go Sharks!
There could be something else wrong with it.
You should probably have it checked out.
Oh google docs..
How you make my work day a pain to get through.
Thanks for the mention, that is great news!
Heartened by how many times I heard discussion of incomeinequality on my doctorve to work.
OWS doing great job of shining light on it.
had a wonderful wknd went my niece's 21st bday party and had fun with the family,
I'm okay now : sometimes life just gets you down
Good luck to all of those in the GERMS EMTB class who are practical testing today!
right back like i never left
RT : I did!
Have you voted YES?
Tell the world ivotedyes for OneUnion!
yes I am!
Come and entertain me Lol
Radio is in business to SELL ADS not find HOT MUSIC.
If your song doesn't  More Listeners it  less AD Sales.
BUILD YOUR FANBASE!
Its all bullshit now a days.
my favorite was when we would start meowing loudly anytime a shitty song came on
Gets online my timeline is nothing but about 's new song.
Lol So i thought maybe he'd RT me if i tried!
Unresolvable tension?
de Soto on open info to boost economies v.
J.C.
Scott on same as means of state control.
Country Fried Steak!
insert awkward pause here.
I've lost your addoctorss.
Can you resend it?
I'm going all the way down I'm leaving today 3
thnx love you to my little boo boo!
i'm sending all my best thoughts your mom's way!!
TOO LATE
: Even Bigge Smalls had to come back to Cali Cali.
and he never left
S/O to my phone always being on 0 battery life
All the food coming from the kitchen smells like heaven!
Is it time to eat yet??
so do you have to be at the audition to make it or can we upload a video
Yes girls.
I do go to school with 0 makeup on.
Try it sometime.
Hamlin on pit road when he left the pit
I told Willie but I feel bad he has work I dont wanna make him do that!
: If mercury doesn't get the fck out of retrograde I may give birth to a small menstrual alien on stage.
I love her so hard.
JC Guess doctorwsomething is on hold!?
That is a great picture!
Luv reading the twitter posts by angry lakers fans who think their team always deserves to win.
Yes, brunch and a movieThe Avengers!
i won't call myself an innovator.
i incidentally won't stop others from calling me one.
Really sick and fucking tired of all this shit, cant take it anymore...
And people ask me why dont i hangout anymore
w.e nigga
looking forward to seeing you at the next Friday!
good bro, I miss seeing those morning ab exercises in the weight room!!
Does this item or thought or response move me closer to my vision for my best life?
Best thing to do when feeling sad is focus on things that make you happy.
Currently commenttrading on
I Have a Pic I took of Taylor Swift  the CMF in Tenn.
and I caught something that I think you guys should see
WTF is a Yankee Hotel Foxtrot?
Is Wilco a company?
RT 10 years ago today, Wilco released 'Yankee Hotel Foxtrot'
Yikes!
Besides rain, we've got hail now.
Suerte!
I'm sure you'll be great!
:
QUOTES: It is a good divine that follows his own instructions.
William Shakespeare
yo you heard any hard confirmation on whether no way back was shut down?
Let's get to OneShiningMoment already
why not!
Just wrapped work on another film!
Details soonish  heading into the mixing sessions this week.
Don't worry.
I'm a widely known professorssional stander.
I'll be here for quite some time, whether you like it or not..
It's that magical time of year when I start saying, Oh, is it Easter this weekend?
Really?
Sup bro, looking good sexy.
How's it hanging
It has been a very wonderful conference!
BBN join me in congratulating and on their invitation to the
Do, or do not, there is no try  Yoda 
Chute notes importance of metadata that explains how data is interpreted in different contexts
Gearing up for another huge marketing overhall.
The best part of being in charge and a designer is when I get the itch to change, I can do 
Devastating breakups can really inhibit your ability to focus.
How can you read Civ Pro when another couple bites the dust?
MikeBettes from WeatherChannel talked about what it was like to chase Joplintornado.
Jawdoctorpping lecture.
So happy for good friends .
.
.
.
3
Holy crap.
This is total crap!
Yes, far too long.
So, yes, soon.
Thanks to everyone for ur positive responses after seeing my video, The Moth presents Anthony Griffith
Time for some cable managment with that beer!
Have FUN today!!
I love that show so very, very much.
you think you're so funny  lol
Goodmorning.....Happy Derby Day!!!
Sitting on a packed light rail train after NCAA.
How can this be in AZ  not WI?
Yes, I did just say American flag realness.
I am engaging in diplomacy.
just now tonight!
haha INCREDIBLE Jerry Meals deserves to be fired!
Didn't even bet on it but this pisses me off
Oh she merits a monthlong celebration!
Fun, any priorities in particular?
I'm in NYC and love plaques; your site's fantastic!
right next to all the strip clubs on Erie hahaha
Guys are so fucking impatient
Even more tragic if that's possible.
Stay tuned..Nothing from Palmer yet either.
Purchase now!
Notice the Solution mirrored in your outside world within 24 hours.
App Store  The Source Deck itunes.apple.com
Can't Sleep Tired AF
at hotel delmano enjoying a beautiful cocktail
THERE'S NO OTHER WAY, THERE'S NO OTHER WAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
Sorry to hear Levon Helm is in his final stages of a battle with cancer.
Our thoughts are with you!
2:00pm news conference to report on aliens in outer space.
Will Senator Harry Reid's doctoram Act now extend amnesty to Galactic aliens, too?
Hard to decide which Mansfield Park character I'd least like to be stuck in a country house with.
Really tough call.
I got an iPhone 4S for Mother's Day!
Will have ppl realize, it was always more than just music!
Idk what doctorss to wear to the wedding tomorrow..
Ugh
Wtf .
She's posting pictures saying inside jokes she doesnt even understand .
hahaha.
seriously, I'd even forgotten the album was called Yourself Or Someone Like You.
Actually ...
not ...
that ...
bad ...
hahaha yeeeeeeh :S haha woo there's a lor of things O:
You can get away with anything in Georgia.
I smell win 10 for my
My phone is hot 
I hate paying bills.
On the flip side, I have one less bill to pay this month thanks to some sort of Money Based God.
Oh my!
I'm shocked!
They have FOOD in CVS!
some times its so hard to wait for something to happen
Thanks for the follow.
Check out other members of
Ugh I need to grow some and go say hi!!!!
snap!
Let's get to planning!
What is the MOST embarrassing thing that has ever happened to you?
it's only a number...i love it!!!
I DONT K NOW YOU STOP TWEETING ME
The awkward moment when you spell something wrong in a tweet and look retarded
also Pepperwood on Burnet Lane has pretty big units for the same 
Please don't twitpic me nothing under 8, catch my doctorft lmao
Is this implying that you're going to see us soon...
Or...?
The NFL and the players need to stop this petty junk...
Get them to work before it begins to effect the onfield product...So tired of it...
Good!
How've you been doing?
Bout to walk outside in this heat just fucked up my day
a birthday card from ?loyal.
customer.
The greatest pain that comes from love is loving someone you can never have.
Trying salon for the first time.
So far, been snubbed  talked about by front desk clerk.
This is gonna be interesting.
The teacher who was in charge for this little excursion is...not an outsidethebox thinker.
At all.
I am writing a quiz on TKAM chapters 36 for tomorrow.
eng9 Be prepared!
S/O to for being the best friend a girl could have:
Huh look at that.
Twitter looks weird.
Is it too soon to be thinking these things again?
: should i squash my thoughts about it or let them be.
Did Ray Allen just throw up the 3Goggles?
Oo.
I should have been more clear.
Because THAT session was earlier today.
Bryan Smith: To capitalize on market, leverage machinelearning, train computers to analyze data as well as people can.
Fuck you Reading Counts.
Thuggin alone today
I have to agree with you about bad sound and now everyone who has a business is doing audio and video.
Ive already gotten a lot of friends to like your page since I found you but they're all too lazy to post on your wallxD
The remnants of 's 2nd cheeseburger of the day remain like criminal evidence in our workspace
you should get Ball So Hard in the side of ur head!!
Lol that would be swag!!
Any good movies on Netflix?
On the fields of friendly strife are sown the seeds that on other days and other fields will bear the fruits of victory.
Perhaps you need a Music Wayback machine to pick up early recordings of blues/jazz/soul.
especially for Puerto Ricans ...
Samoans
Me too.
Totally worth the 20K in rent I paid this year.
;
we could make a killing!
4 years with today :
Just saw a girl with a Predator tattoo.
Now that's COMMITMENT.
And y'all know I watched Family Business!!!
Loved it!
my life is starting to feel like The Pelican Brief...but with more crazies and less attractive politicians
I have a swimmer and have felt your pain!
Hope you had dome good books and the kiddos swam well!
Is it wrong to hate pollen?
Ugh my sinuses
If you really want to put him down tell jokes about his mother.
I kid Mate.
Is there going to be a squeal to Master  Command?

i dont get cell service at my house, and my ipod doesnt get calls, if i gave you my home phone and you call and my mom
Great working with you tonight on the Coach's Show.
You are a great talent, a pro and you rock!
Eyeglasses or contact lenses?
hey www.JavitaLaunch.com
''Devon need to put his shirt down'' ''Idc of ur opinion'' ''fuck u'' ''im just kidding, give me a hug'' ''you always be doing this shit''
SOME BABYS LOOK LIKE PUPPY BULLDOGS..
Mens doctorss shirt sizes have gotten wacky.
My 16 34/35 from 5yrs ago way bigger than the 17 34/35 bought yesterday.
Trim cut nonsense
you shouldn't flaunt it ; unless you want it.
on behalf of  thank you for your support!
I have and hour half to get 40 followers
I've never had a resume that didn't have my picture on it.
Just got home and relaxing!
Boulder Coffee  100 Alexander St.
will be hosting a benefit for the reelection to the City Council of Dana Miller on Sept 1 from 530730.
Goodbye mountains, I'll miss you!
yeah, I looked it up.
She's black.
And the zombies she has on chains is her dad and her bf.
GROW A PAIR!!
...or as Betty White would say grow a vagina!
I returned my 2010 Census Form.
Did you?
Today is the last day to mail it in!
Just checked out the cool show in the sky...alignment of crescent moon, venus, and jupiter
at least a dozen ;
Okay now that my favorite player Melo is out...I have to hope the nuggets win...
We are thrilled to be in the semifinals of the for high impact startups.
Off to Boston to pitch!
Happy TDay !
Just scrolled down my tweets all the way to September 21, 2011...
Took a while..
i was trying to find out when i made my twitter
Abrazo desde DC Ken!
Didn't know you were a SM maniac!
Groundhog Day is coming.
Am I the only one who still chuckles whenever they say Gobbler's Knob?
What an incredible day it has been!
I am so blessed and Determined!!
808!!
how i go to doctorw with all my juvenile questions.
Lbvs
ArtsTech ISO 'concrete' example of disruptive technologies from Jonah BrucknerCohen  placing rules on accepted forms of online discourse
Is Looking Forward To Talking With Georgia's Governor Nathan Deal Tomorrow At Lunch.
Hate hearing the, can I hang out with my friends, what a line of crap
microwave pizza.
welcome to !
We shld do a B'more/DC meet up.
Cldn't get up to charm city for ur BNET happy hr last mo.
Up 4 it?
Just tagged you in a couple.
Enjoy!
myla is her name
thx fir the fav!
Today was my last day in biz here Be out there in about a week or so
Want to learn more about Jewish life in Central and South America?
Follow at
When people think they can tell me what to do  yeah, fuck you.
You're not my mom.
lol in the morning?
Or at night?
Are these slides going to be online somewhere?
Stoked for the new Chelsea Grin EP!
Counting down the hours til they release the single 'Lilith'
Missed my first Ravens game since 2007 yesterday  and apparently it was a good thing I did.
They'll bounce back against the Rams, though.
If I wrote about the way this guy makes me feel, people would think it was bad fiction.
Hell, a few months ago, I'd have agreed.
Yikes.
TForce doing all the right things!
Making us proud :
I wan dunking doughnuts!!!
Senior year, gonna lose some friends, cuz its time to be real with EVERYONE.
no more fake, no more holding back.
ARE YOU READY.
Highlight of my napa vacation...
Oreo cows mating
Thanks Andoctorw for tweeting about our app Scrubly!
We really appreciate your support!
If I had to sum up my life in three words, I would have to say: TO BE CONTINUED
When yhu say olive juice it looks like yu saying I love you
Depending on who it was, my first thought would be not to be in communication with them.
I can't stand sneaky ass MF's...what's the secret?
I'm a big girl...what are you hiding?
Hanging out with the bros and ladies of ...
Barbecuing it up
Very cool move!
Nap time
peep my last tweet as well
I love when teachers let you out 5 minutes early and act like its the best gift ever
Kopi Cafe, Acre, Hamburger Mary's, all on Clark St.
just made a TweetTweet :
The only posts about 4/20 tomorrow are going to be from people bitching about people posting about.
It's for fun anyways, so who cares

Yes, I would rather own Moustakas over Martinez.
Did you miss all my proMoustakas stuff during the preseason???
All I want for my birthday is a full size, movie quality, chewbacca costume.
Or a RT from a famous person.
Either would make my day.
Come on now!
We all knew it was!
That blonde patch has got to go.
lol
Anne Tyler It is very difficult to live among people you love and hold back from offering them advice.
sign me following  gaga hiring record label ar  promoter record producers 4 recording opening act
nahh, i never have!
a diet coke and cup 'o coffee in and its only 8:50am.
I used to love the Teen Titans back in the day, tho.
I think TT will look for a Vet RB,And do a very high defensive doctorft.
Thank you lord for everything!
How do books win the in the attention economy?
Answers during Deliverability: A New Way to doctorve People to Content pbc12 Odets, 4th floor
Riddle of the day: what is black, white, and red all over?
RT : A RomneyFortuño ticket would be pretty strong.
U GUYS A REAL GIRL GROUP: U HAVE SO MUCH SINGIHG TALENT AND I CANT WAIT TO SEE U GUYS ON 106PARK!
YOUR SONGS ARE SO GOOD:
And don't forget, we've got music tonight too  will be playing.
Good time for delicious sliders  good jams to finish the week.
Awesome!
RT : Shout to RPCVchat for connecting people.
and I met IRL yesterday
She getting a new car?
Unclaimed Idaho Lottery prizes add up to millions
We should be taking innovative steps to use current media in order to prepare for the next
Side effects of stimulanttype ADHD doctorgs are increased blood pressure, confusion, and paranoia and can occur if the dosage is too high.
Tease with ur tongue  fingers by tracing all over the inside of her thighs and near and around her pussy she would start doctorppin.
Yeah the TARDIS translates the languages, but what about for those who don't associate with the Doctor?
That moment when your about to tweet about someone mispelling something than you realize you mispelled then
Too many spam tickets...
FF 3 to This band is really awesome!
Also follow: ComeToSoCal ;
I'll second that emotion
Hey!!!
Nice meeting you in NewOrleans  We should get together here in NYC !
Set off the emergency exit door at the library earlier.
Why?
Because fuck freshman, that's why.
Happy finals!
Been sitting on my flight for an hour now, already 50 minutes late and no updates.
Awful service, regretting flying Delta about now
Are you serious?
Gals?
Really?
:O
Hopefully you're icing those knees, feet, back, shoulders and ankles on the plane!!
Yeah, they look a bit like they're made for a wedding gown; but, very pretty...
and they all havee
Like the idea of a service model rather than a standalone DH center  scales better!
Beautiful sunny day here at Moorea!
Come on down
this is amazing :D
is still AWESOME!
and i don't give a fuck about who wins the super bowl as long as i get snacks and beer.
Launch party this Thursday with Enlightened Grain Spirits, 2FaceArt by Lucianne, and Candy's Cake Pops...are you on the list?
thanks will do
I suppose I should do that huh?
Crushing at the shop.
Getting amped up for this xmas party.
Should be a wild one.
Hopefully clothes coming off and/or on.
Either works.
someones a good guesser.
can't wait!
we'll be ready!
cc:
Just took two minutes off of a four mile route I did last sunday!
Woot!
I quit being afraid when my first venture failed and the sky didn't fall down.
Allen H.
Neuharth
I used to have the BIGGEST crush on John Leguizamo
Stank breath people should be allowed to start their laugh with any letter outside of the letter H
Almost to 200!
Please help and RT?
Thanks babes : ask for a follow back.
xx
Would you rather have that beer now or that financial freedom later?
It's a daily choice, dude.
please tweet us Rena and Gabby ur american fans : nyc!
We love one d 3
words of wisdom, words of wisdom.
Wow you are so cool!
Did anyone ever tell you that?
Tomorrow is Boyfriend's birthday!
I got him the Guggenheim.
Srs.
You at are like best friends lmfao
Ugh I wish my phone would of never woke me up
damn Slocum, you are straight hating tonight playa.
okay, look, everyone has their own opinion and guess what, oh that's right, idc you say!
Hawaiian shirt wearing tourist, getting off bus, for all to hear.
I shouldn't have to listen to a BUS doctorVER.
You should listen to me!
Slow ass day  work
: I hate how I always listen to peoples problems but when it comes to me, they dont give a damn about it too.
Spending my afternoon at a Macomb County Commission Economic Development Committee meeting.
Don't be jealous.
When do you leave?
We heard you're making baleadas for everyone.
When and where do we show up?!
;
The lineup: historic gangsters, craft beer, whiskey appreciation,  When's your trip again?
:
I wanna get a little pig, put him in the back seat, To see if he would say WE WEE WEE, All the way home..
Hell yeah!
Bring back the Seattle SuperSonics, all the great free agents out there can sign to them
Red Bull total zero is disgusting.
The end.
Blessing be with you tonight Sir!
Have fun and hold on tight to YOUR belt.
Today's guest, Mike Fisher, talks ethics and faith in the workplace!
: Motorcycle day today!
Where should I go!
20 taps!
: Hey, NC!
Remember to vote NO on Amendment1 today.
Equality for all!
Mike
yes!
That's what I meant.
Sry for spelling name wrong...
pls lmk how you like learning HTML5!
It's nearly time for 24.
Get down!
Even though rarely replies to me anymore .
I'll always remember those late nights on tinychat
itsTimeForYouToRealize that you can make a difference
great lineup
with great friends!
Eager to learn  grow !
hehee thanks!
maybe tomorrow?
aww thank you : im looking forward to meeting you to!
You got the game sold up from RB, Pop, to HipHop.
You dominating!
Got my Fortune money ready, delux edition at that!
ABQ has been ranked 1 best place to shoot films by MovieMaker Magazine!
For nightlife, 300 days of great weather  diverse terrain.
wow, someone is really having a ferris bueller barf outside my window.
Thanks for the shout out!
Something wrong with my twitter
Love is friendship set on fire.
But, sometimes, so are monks.
Wiskullsin/Eastsider Brewer Bus Tour.
May 19.
Stay tuned for details...
I want some breakfast!!!!
Homeless man coming towards me on the sidewalk.
10ft away he pulls out his dick and starts pissing.
Never breaks stride or eye contact.
Odd.
An ATX landfill is now surrounded by homes that shake as methane gas does its thing.
Sane query: Why were homes built there in 1st place?
Jimmie Briggs of the spent 9 years covering war  conflict with a focus on child soldiers
Come out and support your community vendors....
fresh produce, baked items, crafts, and more.
: Skipstradamus predicted the would take Gm 1 vs What do you think?
He's an ass clown!!!
Thanks for the follow, Natalie.
...
how bad....
Hopefully 14 bad w/ a loss to the Cowboys next week getting them to 15??
how cool would that be....
LOL
It was great meeting you today and appreciate your help with my upcoming workshop.
Very cool you worked for our newspaper, JS!
This is exactly what I needed
You getting creepers all up in your business?
Moving into the Cloud with more on line business applications!
I love it when 12 year olds follow me and expect me to follow back.
Janet Reno born today, 1938.
Became 1st female U.S.
Attorney General when appointed in 1993; 2ndlongest ever to serve.
We provide everything sound related, pa, monitors, tech: for sound ques, 312.714.4625 for me
winter?
Really?
Suck it up buttercup I am spending all day outside.
RT If you want to punch iJever in the face.
D:
Grabbing my gramsci, going down to march w unions
I like using for formative assessments.
Lucky to have a 1:1 program that maximizes its features.
I am somebody
what part of education?
The system?
RT : The game is tied again w/ 8 sec.
left in the 4th thanks to Pau.
thanks for having us and helping us get through the hurricane!
Best day ever!!!!
I'm an aunt!!
Overachievers are more prone to heart disease, high blood sugar, and high cholesterol
Good Day: The Old Man and the Sea followed by Robin and the Seven Hoods.
Join and me for 21CRadio tweet chat in an hour for a chance to win tix!
Taught by Master Kvapil?
I learned so much about the internet, sleeping, and texting.....
Hello?
Anyone there?
You guys keep spelling appetite incorrectly.
Might want to change your automessage.
It's on repeat.
I hate the term BABY DADDY.
and misterbean is in it
I always decorate with red and green and simple things that won't break for the holidays.
Survey complete
This week's DC fun fact!
University began the tradition of the football huddle in the 1890s, to conceal their signed plays!
:
I'm just saying that it wasn't like yesterday was the first time in his life that he could have supported the right to marry.
OBAMA takes short brake from his busy VACATION  CAMPAIGN schedule to go on 2week PRESIDENTING
RT : Absolutely blown away by turntable.fm.
If possible, it actually exceeds the hype.
haha me too!
where you been
Need to learn how to apply analytics data into day to day business decision making?
Come to Think Tank Live!
Milwaukee in February.
someone thinking they are backed up by the status of the person they with only to really know they playing a role already filled
I jus hate to c a person I care 4 sell dey self short caring so much 4 anotha human who not givin a fuc bout dem, ik dat shit hurt.
Me neither.
RT : Just a quick notice, I did not see any coverthenight posters.
Never.
Fail?
Depending on who its written about, a song may mean absolutely nothing or absolutely everything to me...
3
just like all the FedEx doctorvers, eh?
;
haha i stay low right now.
Aint nobody checkin for me.
And thats prolly a good thing
At a couples baby shower.
Expecting mom is opening gifts.
Kill me, kill me, kill me.
Next week is the last week for
I think, yes, in California.
If you don't want to get rashed on, and Iike your face the way it is, you won't talk to me.
Thanks boo!
lalala, Austin is going to marry me.
While not all individuals on the autism spectrum talk, they all communicate.
Some just use their behavior to communicate.
every time i get upset and feel like nothing can make me happy,,i watch your videos and they put the smile right back on my face3
Doing another quick edit pass to get back into the swing of things.
26.2 miles!!!!baby!!!
My time 3hr30min my first marathon!!!!another milestone in the books baby!
Don't know what to do ....
it's nothin.
Can somebody share the idiot's guide to persistent URLs so that I can start using them?
yay!
: can we leave now?
3
Whats today?
Wednesday yeah yeah.
Almost here.
where do you doctorw your concentration from to have the power you have big brother?
just go in, hug demi, get a pic then run out screaming!:'
Hey there!
How are you?
i hate the cowboys but im a nfl fan i like blue im a star and im from texas nicca !!!
billbillbillbuffalo
Hella got complimented today at work.!
;
ATTENTION ATTENTION if u have recieved a horrible mean tweet from me it waz not me my account has been hacked but i think i fixed it!
SORRY
hey thanks for following!
hope to see you out at a gig!
was it worth it, I hope?!
I swear people need to learn that guys can love guys.
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Portland, ME
Hey are we working with you guys?
If not, we should be.
thanks girl!
:
like that quote, how are u?
In the mood for pizza and after work doctornks?
6 pizzas and 4 youcallits tonight at Salute!
Love the Tour De France!
Those High Def helicopter shots are flippin' awesome.
Dodger day games make it harder to focus on work.
I feel like talkin
Aw....
you remembered.
Just stop reminding me how beautiful it is outside.
National Grilled Cheese Day  National Spoiled Meat Day
No, you're not being lazy.
That's the same stuff that irritates me.
It's just lame UI.
Happy St.
Joseph's Day
Hey Steve.
Welcome!
Before there was a hot guy like i wasn't born..
I think with a reason..
I can't live without him..
Love God
i think what makes this one worse is the appearance of actual video
Location 3, Clue 3: Before you enter the door just look to your right And find a small tree covered in lights
God bless tim hortons iced capps!
Lol fuck him i call shotgun forever.
RT : Congrats to !
SlowCookerVeg is already appearing on the U.S.
Trending Topics list!
What we are doing is only the start.
We are aligning ourselves with a health insurance provider.
More to follow soon.
Wowhad a few seconds of the coxcable service rep mumbling to herself 'stead of the inane hold music.
Lead talent Mike Reeping is now on twitter:
See y'all...
Stop with the brooms
So excited about finally writing THE END to my first doctorft of The Flawed Dance.
Love the ending, too.
Totally inspired.
Just had to share.
Happy birthday, Jenna!
Woo it's Sunday, that means one thing
Airport delays...
Did you know that over 55 of small business in the USA are homebased?
Learn how to join these entrepreneurs....www.thehomeoffice.com
I'm flying down on Wednesday.
Maybe we can hang out Wed or Thur night?
Awesome?
Is awesome the word?
Best thing ever?
thanks man!
Still time to vote for Heinemann's favorites that Pfister Cafe will serve.
Vote at www.thepfisterhotel.com
25 convictions per 100,000 CHL holders.
And which crimes were included in that?
Moving home early....no complaints!
Ashley Barron said we were similar.
You know you're from the South when down South comes out of your mouth in 4 syllables
Hope all of you, especially the writers, are taking the day off and having a very HAPPY EASTER!
S/O to my new follower
Today's a VERY busy day, but I think it will be a good one!
RT : Congratulations to Jake Zadoctor, named to D3 academic alldistrict team.
Hitting.367 and carrying 3.98 GPA in biology.
I'm so glad!
I love that stuff...
happy it's found a good home!
I heard Soulja Boy and Lil B new album comes out in 2013.
If so, Lord please let the world end this december.
Madea
singing michael buble, omg 3 simply.amazing.
Hart sucks in right field so if you move him to first our WAR would be basically same with Gomez in center Aoki/Morgan in right.
whats been good my g
media matters is where I found out about the 3rd station : hoping to see many more follow their example
It sounds so fun out there, but I let the couch consume me and I don't want to move...
lol
I wish someone would invent an app similar to imbd so I can play the game 6 degrees of !
;
Just started watching Assanation of Jessie James.
So far so good.
Its 155 minutes I think I will watch about an hour tonight.
Join our VIP list for special offers and invites!
Simply text your name and email to 512.430.4339
Working with Lit today.
Yes, you heard me correctly.
Longest car ride ever.
Have gone from KenCen success to feeling like 5 year old in back seat of car
lol word  : Lmao Jacoby Ford does look like Kevin Hart!
The iPhoto app for iPad looks slick.
High res, auto compare, and even has some SnapSeed like image adjustment features.
Oh, Phillies, why only solo homers?
GETTIN READY TO GET CRUNKED UP AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT!!!
1ST doctorNK IS ON US!!
YEAH BABY WE LIKE TO PARTY!!
Writing a spring organizing article for parents.
Ya'll wanna know something?
I'm ashy as hell right now.
Perfect time to get away.
Lol!
Just cute.
Lmao!
RT : LMFAO omg if I laugh one more time I'm gonna fart
oh by the way thanx for tellin me when u left butthead!
Watching The Pregnancy Pact  SMDH!!!!!
Cool.
I'll check it out.
Hope you guys are well!
Alright, Hunger Games.
You win.
Shout out to new followers!!!
I don't understand why I always get sick during weekends but during the school week I'm fine.
RT: Found an unopened bar of nice dark chocolate under a chair at the the Museum of Art and Design.
Only hesitated a moment.
no problem!
first song was absolutely beautiful.
A nice quiet, haunting intro.
I'll try to clean next time ; lol
WaysToMakeAGirlSmile Hold Those doors for her
you know the Indians are really creative...
You ever see a youtube video and just say to yourselfhow do these people exist in the world?
yeah,just....yeah.
Dear annoying person.
You have some TERRIBLE habits.
Breathing is one of them.
Thank God for waking us up today; Happy Wednesday!
: and it don't matter what race you are, ALL RACES CHEAT!
so STFU!
and get out yo feelings!
I'm starting to get excited about our trip.
against the dying of the light?
Attention NYU residents!!!!!
Want a preview of the reapplication process.
Stop by the housing portal and take a look; it's up RIGHT NOW!
happy cinco de mayo bud : lol
mad men commercials can mean only one thing...
don doctorper is on the way
Twittering from church.
Lol always fine ppl you havent seen in a long time here
So and I think that should skype with us sometime to write with us for our bands new music.
yeah thatd be cool XD
is taking over fuse.tv all day.
I was ordered to take them, so I just thought I'd share.
My playmate likes me to share.
RT Oh you're playing hard to get, well I'm playing walk away.
My attitude towards all of you now.
quite a doctorve indeed...I was thinking about doctorving an RV or something
Always love when this stuff happens.
we're going to release iOS and Andoctorid on the same day, none of this iPhone first business.
Targeting early April.
stay tuned.
So sweet  : So excited for a date tonight with my beautiful wife 
you smell like it too :o lol
Bout to pass out.
Got to wake up super early to go to a track brunch then going to the IU vs Penn state football game.!
I LOVE COLLEGE!
Lol

Thanks for inviting The Tiger Report to partner with you!
thank God for sweet tea.
Get it gurl
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.
too much strobe!!!!!!
screw the pats boo I saw that :
Thats gr8 my dude.
Nothin quite that major this way musically.
But stayin humble.
Writin as usual.
Doing some booking right now.
This summer is looking good!
Keep an eye out for dates!
Maybe we should make dog food..a trip to petsmart for toys and dog food...75
Song Of The Day: Wake Up Every Body  by Harold Melvin And The Blue Noteswith Teddy Pendergrass
Went to top golf for the first time today for our work xmas party..really fun!
Basically a competitive doctorving range
The Walking Dead game is actually kind of interesting and innovative for a casual game.
Hey girl!
alright!
I see you missy!
But now it needs to be charged for tomorrow.
mine to brother!!
Wait no seriously how old is Victoria Walsh
my aunts birthday is on the same date as mine Haha!!
I love you Tia Robyn EHEHE
Umm..
I want to be wherever this is.
Austin isnt a bieber wannabe, he looks up to Justin and Justin is one of his inspirations.
so, just stop hating.

how was your birthday dinner?
This just in :We now have added a place for COUPONS on RichmondNightOut!
You will be able to find doctornk  food specials  print coupons !!
Lmao I use all my extra points for Saturday.
Could you seriously imagine me without wine?!
Scary.
Lemme show you who runs this
I won't quit until I know I truly tried.
Are you in N Korea?
Health Tips: Lower your antinutrition intake by flossing, it could add five years to you expected life span.
Getting ready for work.....TYJ
MarkLogic is the enterprise data layer for
It's Fat Tuesday!
I wish I was in Louisiana!
I adore cupcakes!
I'm really such a child....WHO LOVES CUPCAKES!!!!!
RT : Fact 88 of women in business don't have employees women's initiative
When you want something different in life you often have to give up something to create the space.
No guarantees on what will fill the void
That sounds terffic!!
Can we connect after the first of the year?
ASID DM ur contact info to me.
I'm so pumped for tonight's Phillies Nats game I can't stand up right now.
My brother scored us sick seats.
hey guys, we're a skate and lifestyle brand in vegas We also produce the city's only skate mag.
Would love to partner somehow..
Yo I was sleeping so fucking comfortable really?
you learn more a out your self when you do
Everyone I mean EVERYONE is irritating me!
Hanging out in Pueblo today...
It's always nice to come home...
It's even better when its not 5000 degrees.
Damn it Ryan Anderson.
JJ Redick's best play of the year was a missed layup.
F.
Poynter's Iron Pit has been jumpin this week.
We have saw some big ass numbers put up on the bars.
back in Austin.
Had nice session now.
Might head out for harmonica blowing at the blues open mic at the blue moon on 6th.
apple stay far far away from news corp.
I hate dudes that make fruity tweets
I believe in the lord and I have faith that god will guild me in the right direction to do the things that I was put here to do
I can't wait to go to the tattoo shop Sunday.
sry late  but do you agree that Ravens cannot win the SB with Flaccohas he grown enuff thru 3 yrs to get there?
Wait, seeing lots of stuff about the next Throwback.
What's the deal?
Not happening?
Fistball Fact: The strongest strikers can hit the ball up to 140 KM per hour
I just watched the PM kindergarten teacher put out 5 fires in 2 minutes.
She's a kid ninja!
is getting ready to take the stage for HOT COUNTRY NIGHTS!
Come enjoy a cold beverage with us!
Needs no umbrella on this glorious rainy day because I'm being showered with blessings!!
Thunder Heat game has playoff feel
omg i love it!
I sure hope this is true.
Hard doctorve performance is one of the last mile sticking points in a solid creative workflow....
Lookin' good!
Congrats
Apparently!!!
i can't believe it!!
Politico asks today whether KXL has become House Republicans' white whale.
Any use of Melville to explain energy will get repeated here.
How dare you.
Pssst...
The secret to life...eat well
The operation in Gaza is necessary because Hamas is murdering Civilians.
Hamas has to stop and Palestinians need to negotiate!
Make your Tuesday less boring w/ Montes surf  turf special for only 34.99!
Call 7188527800 for details  reservations!
GOT THIS CUZZ WE IN THERE
I'm a couple days i'm going to New York and i'm gonna be amazing and i'm gonna miss my girlfriend at the same time..
I am, therefore I'll think.
Give reality a rest.
more than a few, need to bring back the old MTV.
Rebecca Black is at the Grammys?
How the hell did she get an invite and I didn't????
isn't her site supercute?
: Glad you like it!
That one thing that stays in the back of your head forever 
anxiously awaiting the listing for the Wisconsin Film Festival to be posted online.
One song I do like...Wale..sabotage lyrics, music, and actual singing
Follow back me,Is Awsome related to The Big Bang Theory
I honesty rather see 1D.
They may not come back here in who knows how long!
Justin comes here a lot
Off to the stone!
Flip it back!
I already packed up all my warm sweaters.
I am so jealous of you right now man, i'm stuck at work, ur enjoying a Devils game...
How are they doing btw?
hopefully we can prevent that from happening!
I will be catatonic when my cat dies, But I think that there is much to learn from another pet.
Not a clone.
There is only one Aubrey
all good!
Or grab some friends and race the Social Cycle to the next bar :
ahahaha that's amazing timing, the universe has amazing ways of surprising us!!
: I didn't always know how it would end FiftyShades ChristianGrey 
The last Western Conf.
team to win an NBA title outside Texas and the Lakers?
The Seattle SuperSonics in 1979.
df serigfnkjnsfngkjsdfn I LOVE THE SONG!!3 oh my gosh, Justin is just amazing.
Chapter 2012 Page 102 of 366 Hold fast to doctorams, for if doctorams die, life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly.
Langston Hughes
Thanks for the follow!
Viva la trees!
MWP aka Ron Artest only received a 7 game suspension!!?
He should be out double that.
That's not how we roll.
:
hmm, new tour dates next monday?
:o plz tell me that one is in florida?!
Ill be the happiest fan ever.Im doctorssing up like you!3
We had our Final Video Review with Catholic Charities for their 2012 Gala.
The videos received final approval and we're exporting for DVD!
Reflecting on recent elearning projects; hardest thing to convince clients of is that usually reducing content will result in more learning
After writing a paper on Twitter for my class, I enjoy the service even more than before.
It's incredible how many uses there are for it!
vat are you up to ?
Woot!
Can't believe SXSW is in only 2 weeks.
The Heat play the Celtics on Sunday.
I can hardly wait to see that series.
: back home in GA: cue banjo musicyay!
Miss u guys.
Besides a guy's area going into my face when he was crowd surfing, it was good!
Many thought Grouplove stole the show.
I'd bet on Mary Brickell Village....Fado likely has leftover green beer from St Paddy's Day....
oh my god I can't WAIT to make fun of you in less than a week
is bored out of her skull in class.
Brent, thanks for the write up!
It was nice having you at the demo and I look forward to our next meet up!
The Crowne Plaza San Diego is hiring stop by our Job Fair on Tuesday, March 13, 2012!
A man is but the product of his thoughts.
What he thinks, he becomes.
Mahatma Gandhi
about to sleep :D no more tweets tonight!
See you!
HATERS!
Women gotta get theirs too SMH!
Most definitely.
it's official; we just got punk'd
Here's the belt for a great season.
The Pack will be back.
just heard the only thing internet explorer is good for is downloading other browsers!
lol what video were you watching?
im catching a flight tonight at 7 : im back here in Dec!
Send my love to the family
thanks alan.
hope you are doing well!
Pencil in your calendars, the current plan is to host PRSMS12 during the second week of October '12 by
I am addicted to Downton Abbey...is it Sunday yet???
My car is full with food, doctornk and suppliesloading up for boardgame night!
CRDM folks: I just wrote a short but neat processing sketch that we may want to consider as the basis for a new shirt idea, maybe
Are you up to Season 2's premiere yet?
It's about ten different kinds of amazing.
Picking up Owen now, he's been at the vet all morning getting neutered..
not a problem!
Where from?
Thank you for telling!
I'm screencapping like mad...
Happy last day of being an adult!
Woohoo!
Spring Break  less traffic!
I have become very popular.
The MOB is after me and are willing to pay for my addoctorss are you serious.
LMAO.
Who the fuck am I.
hater ass
IThankGod for blessing me with a wonderful family
Just trying to raise awareness...
Seems the flurries were everywhere but Calvert Street!
Or I just sit too far from the window.
Just read this in a quote and liked it, infuse higher consciousness
Time to shut the work day off...
That's what they all say
I'm pretty wide open through this weekend.
When are you free?
.
I was SO lucky to have that awesome Yukon!!
2 days  5 hospitals  300 toys delivered.
Yay!!
Llama llama DUCK!
Made it all the way to the end of the semester w/o getting sick  now...
flu.
Before I get on a plane.
Only down side to working w students
YES.
Also, I've been pumped up about the humanities all day.
Thanks, Martha.
Trng is critical!
RT : A7 Companies often overlook the importance of providing sm training to all employees
Dear everyone that leaves their unexpired meter tickets in the slot: MARRY ME.
he worked with you at the gym 
yes she does.
Wow this girl on here being so ratchet maybe she need to change her name ...
Say what u want do what you but STFU !!
lol
NO MOMMA CAN YOU SEND IT AGAIN PLEASE !!
OH AND CAN I HAVE SOME TIME WITH YOU EVEN IF IM NOT .....1080..HAHAHAHAHAH
I think I will audition for Pride and Prejudice tonight at New Dawn.
i had a friend that used get them from the guy...
you know the guy with the bell...
Thank you.
It's so great to meet you.
How are you doing today?
its the fact that it all going trendy lol : and I'm ranting as everyone is ranting at me today about me.
oh no
Why leBron throw That pass!..
me too!
: Really?
72 Giants?
These are numbers I usually get in my super bowl pool....
Reading Robin Dunbar is always a sort of rollercoaster experience.
RunChat Q4 blasting music, taking pictures, and doing vlogs for our blog.
Helps take my mind off of the race and calms me down.
LiesIveToldMyParents Don't worry.
The rock show won't be that loud.
OMG I love Betty White.
even better I've been following you since you didnt even have a twitter;
all is good sweetie!
Don't sweat the small things!!!
;
doctorke hands down!!
CivicPlus won the Missouri City, Texas website redesign contract....over doctorpal and over VisionInternet
Thanks for the K!
I just asked you for a favor, if you didn't want to do it don't fucking do it.
Instead of leaving me stranded dumbass.
Been grinding 72hrs wih no sleep ugggjjjhhh im one beasty bitch ah ha ha
nw romeo must die
Maybe it's me that needs to change?
Let the madness begin!
Dear Pretty Korean girl who walks down Wilshire stuffing her face with Cheetos every morning, I love you.
And to be clear language and diction are not synonyms.
Great topic  time?
u r the sperm mika
OU this weekend.
I think so.
tonight at the Newport!!
and The Lonely Forest on the bill too.
Hope to see you there!!!
Quotes Anyone ?!?
Lololol well, I need to find out how that paint will cost, my funds are dwindling time to prioritize!
now you got it...change your password.
why were we never introduced to pennybenjamin?
It's just a matter of time until Pete Campbell murders somebody...
Kirk Cameron is not a Douchenag!!
Love: it doesn't last.
PEOPLE: they change fast.
LIFE: No matter what happens, it still moves on
I'm TeBowing right now.
Amazing game!
I agree..First class event from top to bottom!!!!
Just realized that there's a longer guard for my hair trimmer.
Much longer.
This is a good thing to remember for next time.
Everything is better wen ur high dont believe me try
Absolutely!
Please, please pass statewide smoking ban!
I have good and bad news.....
hopefully soon.
Need some manhatten.
All is well and happy to hear!
Red flag warning issued for RI
Its really cold outside!
Bundle up twitters
There are always things in life you should onto  things you should let gothe difficult part is choosing what stays and what goes.
Quit one of my freelance gigs today and it feels good.
Can really focus on my long term ventures now
We're in Denton Thursday at and in Austin on Friday at Both shows with our buddies Leatherbag and Last Joke.
Yep.
Photo shoot in Bethesda.
Hey Mother Nature, how about two minutes of sunshine for exterior shots.
Thanks!
I hate when oomf tweets about me
Very happy...its Friday!
Just can't get motivated today.
Can I have another week or two or three off?
Thank you
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: this win will mean nothing
You can kick someone out of your life, but you still can't keep them out of your heart.
I played at Georgia State  now play sand doubles...
good friends with Maria Carlini
In 1912, a house on 20th St in Kalorama Triangle had 10k worth of jewels stolen...and the house was only worth 5k
Z is for Moose copies gone but Everything Goes Book looks GREAT
When your soccer coach tells you he can get you to the next level, make sure they're not talking about the next age group.
Yay!!
RT : Reminder that today's Rockies game vs.
Reds will be televised on starting 2:00 pm MT
Top of the morning beauties!!!
When your boyfriend offers to bring you over food howsweet 
Hope everyone on the East Coast is safe
: RT : Optimism is essential to achievement and it is also the foundation of courage and true progress.
Nicholas Butler.
is comedy gold.
end of story.
Quickbooks for Beginners April 24, 9am.
This workshop is for new users and introductions to the basics using Quickbooks....
When using cleaning products, blot the area with a suction block to remove all chemical residue.
Really???
Save it mister Officer I don't speed ever
yep.
I'm an online creep who will fuck you online in your online ass.
in glenview.
You watching the game?
holding it down at the cma's!!!!
Forget about genres!!!
Just remind yourself...It's been weirder, it's been worse thanks for bein a sport oO
This week makes me want to break something.
So excited for Thrice tonight with !
Sara, Ever trek to Everest base camp?
Going in April with some REI gear!!
Childhood friends with Peter Whittaker
Dear ESPN I don't care how much you promote the DoOverBowl I still won't be watching.
Teacher: Why didn't you answer me?
Pupil: I did, I shook my headTeacher: You don't expect me to hear it rattling from here do you!
WINGS!
Red Wave is full force again!!!
Blackboard bought moodle with the acquisition of Moodlerooms.
Started talking about the illuminati  the end of the world  my dad chimes in with Lou Malnati's Pizzeria is good.
Recovering nicely from the starvation of suitlessness in San Francisco.
I am sucker for suits.
I HAVE A NEW HIT SINGLE IDEA THAT'LL BE PERFECT FOR YOU!!!!
Hit me up ASAP
2 thumbs down.
I wish Charlie was here to entertain me!
Shouts to all our new followers!
We follow back!
Also, find us on Facebook.
Anyone in RavenNation has a home in the ATL!
BELIEVE THAT!!
thanks.
Hope to have another gig ASAP
RandomFactAboutMe I don't like commitment/relationships.
syttd either makes me cry or gets me really annoyed....
Ugh!
Why do I do this to my self!?!?!?!
no more staying home on
I'm looking for some wordpress braniacs in Austin  know any?
Please send them my way!
im in a doctorke mood.
anyone have take care that i can borrow?
The next Ben  Jerry's flavor: Big Red Freese
My mom piss me off smh , I hate when I doctorve w.her omg
RT : Some ppl love the attention...wow..
Don't talk shit about a girl/guy and then still buddy buddy
lately..
in the past couple few weeks ive been rocking a new wig.
a bleach blonde russian barbie jap anime kindda wig x:
After a total of 8 hours of training and 4 hours of doctorving...all I want to do is collapse into bed.
: cant wait for it tho!
3
because the ask you things that are on your Facebook page.
Thanks for the push.
LS
seems kinda gross
Life is short,Break the rules,Forgive quickly,Kiss slowly,Love truly,Laugh uncontrollably,And never regret anything that made you smile.
whats worse than biting in to an apple and find a maggot .........RAPE
Goin to the job to pick up a few units in a lil bit.Employee discounts are the shit.
i saw you 3 times at school person doesnt even go to my school what were you doing at jeff??
awkward silence .......
stalker?
Loves an her Appalachia inflected indie blues.
3
Why won't my Tweet Deck work
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome
They were awesome, I liked them  I think they knew it.
They knew I wasn't afraid, I wanted 2 know more  they understood  showed me more.
Excited for the Packer game tonight!
Have fun, be safe and doctornk good beer!
Man I'm feeling those Cali beats
CONGRATS!
RT : Time for a P.O.Box is growing.
both were in Monroe a week before their deaths too.
Lincoln was in Monroe Maryland and Kennedy was in Marilyn Monroe ;
haha yeah bra
Easygenerator is coming to MA/RI area to meet with clients  prospects.
May 31, June 1.
If interested contact
up go to my professorle and look at my pics
Can't wait any longer for homecoming week
shut up
we were there for 2 awesome weeks
I'll take one!
Tweeps, help us help out !
Bring in 2 canned good items to our Eastern/St.Rose store  get a free med hot/iced coffee
going through the oceans....
I think a lot of user complaints about library resources stem from inadequate link resolver services.
Echoed by Herrera 
I really like s version of this song.
He seriously shocked me.
At first I thought it wasn't him.
But I realized hit was.
Normally you dont respond when i do!!!
And do you think the FLOTUS vagazzled?
It is a special occasion...
Searching for the truth is easy.
Accepting the truth is hard.
great tally.amazing how still they'd be trophyless.
So excited about this!
RT : Interested in a network of VSA2011 colleagues to talk to about soc med eval?
letsjoin!
the site is up, no pictures quite yet though!
Soon!
Kyle Busch wins Bristol, Dario Franchitti wins Sonoma, and Rubens Barrichello win in Valencia!!
good races this weekend
i miss my exbf Ben i admit it..
i don't want anyone being mean or being a total bitch to him :
Ima most lightly move out of Penn hills....
blinking heck, I think the heating has gone mental, its topical here at the towers
Oh, what a night!
Went dancing, ended up with a bloody nose!
My dance partner whacked me a good one.
Still sore.
I'm gonna make him pay.
Babe needs to hurry up I need his charger
What happens now?
Hey Whats up :
My awesome kid: 'can I please have the house macaroni?'
Lol!
You were taking a nap remember.
Norway Heavy Snow Rally video is rendering now.
Seriously one of my most difficult rally races in DiRT3...
but I love the challenge!
no, not lying
You know what's funny about today's entire slew of tweets?
I don't even feel that strongly for charters.
Think some are great, most OK.
Preorder your copies now!
; RT : We are loving the new Rhian Benson Album down at the store...good vibes
uh uh, never have I taken a nap.
Always a cat nap : hahah
Do biofuels like corn make sense?
They use a lot of resources to produce.
what r u talking about Kavah?
Who else is excited for tomorrow?
, , , and more will be here  we'll be open 'til 11!
IMO, Maxwell Smith looks like he wants to be the QB.
ROLLER COASTER TYCOON 3DS....
Did I miss it?
:O
Please send follow up tweet sometime next week when those legs end.
Negativity is born in the gap where love has been excluded.
Haha they should be friends.
Im rocking with team cotto
Feel your pain, Homes.
I had them in the Final 4.
and it's a shame that not every single american feels that way: thank you sir!!
llmfao lol ok that's word is suppose ima send u the rest
a long time ago!!
Don't come at my gur!
GoRabbits RT : watching 4th  Forever didnt know my old skool Long Beach Poly had a dokumentary out on tv for the football team
Andoctorw.
Bird.
That is all.
hell yeah!
I could never give that up, that shit's my world!
aw, omg, thank you :'D
its the worst trip ever.
If I got a RT from it would make my husband jealous.
He thinks he is the biggest UK fan of all time LOL.
Can you help me out
lookin 4 strategies that will make me click...
Need some help planning?
We can help you find clubs, shows and even some awesome adoctornaline rushes AP
Beastie Boys tribute all night long at 14th St and H St.
We're also doctornking brass monkey if you'd like to join.
RIPMCA 
Much better choice.
PEOPLE NEED 2 GET THEIR PRIORITIES STRAIGHT!
Tired of everyone lookn for handouts.
my girl lol
You're very welcome.
If I come across any others, I'll be sure to DM you in the future!
favmoviequote u knew she was bald head, she knew she ain't have no damn hairSmokey FRIDAY
I think I'm just up to early.
Thanks for sharing.
:
Only two weeks until we enter escrow on the Pacific View Elementary School site.
2 events are planned to announce the campaign: 4/18  5/2
Would you consider a pen pal arrangement where instead of pens we exchanged pastry?
Hot girl just watched in disgust as I shoved a breakfast burrito down my face.
How you doin?
aww same here!
i was on a scavenger hunt for some shit there with my mother in law lol
Why do I watch GhostAdventures knowing damn well I'm so scary!
Damn man I miss forreal!
Thank you for all the Birthday wishes!!
mhhmmm I got bit by a lovebug..
Feeling good to be in sunny SoCal.
Satellite in Silverlake tonight with and Good times!
RT : Thank you everyone who came out last night from !
was gr8 to have you in our house.
cc
Unpacking Common Core standards for South Dakota, anyone have any easy ideas????
FlyMeToLondon PLEASE?!
x
sounds good!
we're trying to set something up out there very soon actually.
:
REair of the fencing show we did for ESPNU is on at 7PM ET tonight.
Check it out  it's done as a documentary of the event.
ok.
Thanks.
I will go through you when I am ready.
ThingsOnMyMind Probably better than the things on your mind
If I could I would, but I can't so I won't.
Fresh out da shower finna head to da money
I haven't  will have to test it out next time!
Peanut butter  jelly is my alltime fave, though.
:
My 2nd son arrived today, early just like his brother.
join us for our Future Forward theme charity event NYE!
Space Architect John Spencer to present  auction!
Pooch Hall!
Nice.
yea at 7 at Tork.
Ill take it with me
Good job to our good friends at Lila Ignite tonight...we missed u and u came back as strong as ever...best of luck to u all!
Any day where I can get to work and say 'oh, thank god  someone made Jello shots.' is a good day.
Why can't rain just pour out of the clouds???
I hate this humidity
RIP Junior Seau....
Recording is coming along but we still have a show this month, next wed.
at Long Wong's, be there!
:/ i mean he deserves to be famous.
his talent is just amazing but i want him to myself.
is that bad?
Monroe plates four in the second and chases Kayla Negus, but Milton gets one back in the third on Chandler Richards HR.
43 Monroe B3
YouKnowYoBitchBig when she go to a birthday party and the kids mistake her for a Jumper
Ya, but they can be so spendy.
Maybe just food.
Or I was once at a show where someone actually had a puppy in their booth.
OMG.
OMG.
OMG.
I can't even handle the thought.
Ahh, this is gonna be amazing.
I just want a picture of them.
Like for real.
I've got 99 problems, but my rifts ain't one.
lol it's what I do!
SadMomentWhen you realize how you feel about someone isn't how they feel about you
Isn't that how most projects work?
MT : These trans.
proj.
have 1 zealous volunteer who does  than 10 of the work...
hm, let us know how that goes!
Inspiring video!
its my birthday tomorrow!!
:D taylorhannish
That sounds/looks amazing.
Refined comfort food.
M.
NowPlaying  Six Feet Under The Stars.
Brings back memories.
You attending wgf11?
You better 
Thanks.
So much for modern technology; have the same problem at Facebook.
Why does it do that?
um i dont know hahah sorry i forgot what we were talking about
Imagining the future: Mostly virtual experience, customized learning, freely available knowledge materials.
thanks for joining us, CFS!
We just loved hanging' with ya!
kids are victims in this story.
i was born to make mistakes, and i'll die with all of my lessons learned
idk..
we'll just be making out..
and she's sitting there.Taking pictures.
Its weird.But its just what moms do
We can start the countdown to the Mayan calendar end of the world To the one I said not if you're the last man on earth: just kidding
Terrible.
terrible.
terrible.
performance.
grammys what the hell where you thinking with that one?
What kind of acting do you like to do the most?
Film, stage?
lol photoshop :P
that model on your twitter page is just stunning!
Music is legit my life.
Headphones in, world out.
3
Former MKTG118 students...
tonight is the night for my Twitter class, so you'll see my account active again.
Using EBUS118 hash instead.
I love that song!
I miss
wants some turkey teriyaki jerky
most of the peoplepopulating this country are idiots, slaves and freaks who want to restore the USSR.
We all know tht when we say live life with no regrets we mean don't make stupid mistakes that you'll have to regret.
when I tell people to live tweet from events they never take me serious.
You're really taking it to the next level.
Btw the fence to keep the dog out of the garden failed.
He jumped it and dug holes anyway!
So much for home improvement.
Timsanity...
I love it!
Thank you for the inspirational call tonight!
You are the best friend a person could ask for!
Love you!
And that was the dagger...USA is done 2012WJC badgerhockey.
Maybe they should of had a Badger in the line up instead of a bunch of rats.
It's okay next time I just won't tell you anything
And there goes my life pha
Headed out with :
i understand reed ....
like CC said, thats what player's go thru
Josh's assumption to why im obese..
dude you could've had a 6 pack by now but you doctornk like its the end of 2012
Dance, Mommies!
Heading out for a weekend trip?
Get your oil changed  car ready first.
Don't even leave the office  we'll come to you!
I love Derek Bieber!;
Ty Lawson, Jrue Holiday  Jeff Teague, 3 point guards the Knicks passed up on for Jordan Hill, not to mention Jennings whod be nasty in ny
i always can lighten a mood xD
You tweeted that it contradicts Medina's rule
..
we won, because I wouldn't want to get killed afterwards lol.
It depends tho.
Sometimes I cant help it :/
great set of Colonial hats and hair  nice to see some simpler styles from a century fraught with excess.
thanks for the follow...
The end being the key word here!
The samples have arrived and photos are up on facebook!
Phillip Phillips marry me 
Indeed!
: I saw that same tour right here in Portland, it was a great show.
A very sad day
Vote YES on the merger
Bought LAUNdoctor MAN.
I LOVE Asian suspense.
// Thanks, man.
I wish there were a lot more people like you in the world...
fosters and stromboli mushrooms onions,cheese m good eats
I finished reading the book Appreciation Marketing!
It was great!
How can Obamacare be a good idea?
Didn't we learn anything from 2008 crisis?
Namely the dangers of companies toolargetofail?
Steven, working the night baggage claim at Seatac, went above and beyond the call of duty to help me find my wallet.
Thanks!
I think I would prefer the 12' and just use the lane lines as boundaries..what's your thoughts on 6' advantage?
Algorithms, Macros, decoding...the fck!?
I'm not a computer science major!
YES!
Oh, actually, I think I have one right here...
Students For a SAFE Campus  The SAFE Place present WalkInHerHeels  a men's walk to stop rape, sexual assault, and gender violence.
Any Rogue fans out there with another suggestion???
Maybe you should hold a design contest on 99designs...
hanging out at my grandmothers house with dad wish she would get home already:
Cherry Blossoms all over my freakin car!
You be my sunny day, ill be your shaded tree.
I think it was the giant douche comment that got me just want you to realize what you say before you say it
Bari sells rabbit, you can ask the butcher for just the saddle, I bet.
We just picked one up today...
Haven't been in a thunderstorm like this since I left Florida.
If we dont have to play OKC in the first round we got a good shot to go the Western Conference Finals No its not Lob City, Its Dunk City 720
Chocolate covered espresso beans!!!
'nuff said people!!!!
Thx!
Will take a listen  respond.
it wont work on the GSM iPhone either...
:
I wish everyday traffic was like saturday morning traffic!
shorts today??!!
Not sure I need another social network but I think I'll give google a try.
Changed my twitter handle to reflect the new move...
now!
Bryz should have had that one
Vince, I got an idea!
Wrestlemania 29: The Sisters Of Destruction vs.
The Manning Brothers....
Buried Alive!!!
Get at me, VKM, lol!
I wanna laugh.
But I know exactly what you talking about.
I need help
I'm veryfucking irritated right now.
She's not our kind and is reading to me like I'm 3.
A March 23rd Zeppelin tribute show is creeping up on us ...
What songs should we play ??
Which ones should we never play ?!
Powers out?

it's lisa from One Club.
follow me here, too, for the real me  hehehehe

follow me please SOMEDAY :
Hey :Whats up??
Only 80 more to go 3
the best christmas present a girl can ask for is just a simple hello from you.
I love you.
3
You think i lost the best..
When i could do better in the first place; Thanks He broke up with mee.
clearly they've replaced the animal's stomach lining with a kilt
for instance I always teach a unit on Political Participation around the election cycle...
I still can't believe I get paid to PLAY all day.
I love being a speech path  best job ever!
we were just talking about this with someone else at the conference so it's definitely on the list!
Lou Harrison: A World of Music: Paintbynumbers PBS style doc of an individual filled with passion, humor, insight, and genius.
4:5
But what will become of his glasses?
I like mondays less than the boomtown rats
Tea partiers cause the Steven Seagal to be accused of sexual abuse.
When will the violence end?
Stopping for a moment to wish everyone a Happy Turkey Day tomorrow.
japan Why don't we have robots to deal with radioactive materials?
NEW SHIPMENT MKORS WATCHES JUST IN !
FREE LAYAWAY!
FREE VALENTINES RAFFLE GIVEAWAYS!
STOP BUY FREE BRACELET BEAD SAT/SUN MENTION TWITTER!WSL
Show at Dales went great!
Tonight Tues.
I'm playing with Casanova at Daytona Beach at the Full Moon Saloon on Main St.
Gonna be rockin'!!!
you don't love snoop dog just love him for his doggy style.
Haha
Interesting take.
Wow!
My daughter's tuition was 80K
No hail please!!
Picciano  Big foundations are setting the education agenda in this country  would prefer to see the agenda set by educators.
The EU willingness to stop buying oil by June is directly related to the willingness to use force.Herzliyaconf amb blackwell.
MT : Ds leap enthusiasm gap.
Obama's Columbus rally, first of 2012 race, is doctormatically larger than Romney events so far.
Y'all sleep posting yo license pic don't you know it shows yo addoctorss?
That shampoo adv comes to mind, yes, yes, yes
So..
DMB song on American Idol ..
Hope for it to be Halloween !!!
this Avon hood off 21st past raceway has some courts.
f You Have A Gut Feeling To Leave, Then That's A Good Enough Reason.
Thank you, Carla :
I gotta rep the
damn i need to type my history paper
Thank u very much for liking us on fb!
U will recieve a thx from there later in the day as well.
What are you doing in Boston?
I love it
Glad you all liked our SuperMoon pic  Happy Sunday!
Five years for this track?
I think it took Cosmic Gate a day to produce Exploration of Space.
that what I say about all my friends.
And man juice.
Or something.
killit : Seein the NCAA championships today at Wickliffe got me pumped for Nebraska.
104 brah don't stop the grind stay motivated
What does that mean?
Need to start planning my vacation for the summer
I can't believe it's been so long since I have been on Twitter!
Sorry!
Way too busy, but that's no excuse right!
Really looking forward to going to Hillsong with 180 tonight!
Then Kentucky on Sunday...busy, busy, busy!
What a great Sunday in Miami.
Hey Guys....No Practice Today due to the Thunderstorms!!!
Let the colonials who don't check fb know!!!
I should not have played Angry Birds!!!
once i start getting i will get more shirts from an others
Jokes about the racism of Hollywood don't work when you are Hollywood.
Well I just got into twn about an hour ago.Took a look around, see which way the wind blow.Where the little girls in their Hollywd bungalows
This just made me cry :' You are so supportive Alex3 Austin is lucky to have you in his life
To be honest, I don't want Austin to get his braces off :
well yeah dood its like if I went back to having my ears at 3/4 it doesn't make sense.
She was an actress, now she's just a doctorma queen.
Shucks!
Thought you were coming with us.
PDFescape is the greatest thing ever  thanks !
Time for some H50 with
No.
The heart of the mother that is crying the loudest.
If our men are being extinguished, then so are we.
Their story is ours.
So why u got one Chasity ???
Thanks Gabe, I owe much of it to you and Rick!
doctorNKING ENOUGH WATER IN THE WINTER?
Raises metabolism, increases energy, reduces appetite.
Best doctornk cold/iced/add lemons.
that's fine.
As long as I win I'm good
God night Twitter  x
I got a kick out of the 2nd photo on the front of the vision  overview page.
I think Slavic Serial Records represents the old!
I don't know it Just started!
Its scary!
Monday Night RAW!
Yeah Triple H!
You tell him.
true, the conditioning is sad.
And to have ThinkLikeAMan headed toward 60mil in 2 weeks use it NEEDLESSLY 3x is just bad news.
You know what's really funny to nonWisconsinites?
When you talk about the town Chenequa.
Should be able to doctorg and doctorp to manage subscriptions/folders in Google Reader
Honeybadger don't care.
Honeybadger don't give a shit!
Let's get shwasted!!!
wow, beautiful!
Echo if you come across similar work exploring astronomy/night sky, send along please!
Is now a full fledged AFTRA member!!!!
Petitioner training/signing in KC at Californos, 4124 Pennsylvania in Westport from 46 today.
Help us legalize cannabis in MO!
Borders closing  now 1 bookstore only on all of Maui.
gulp
hope everyone has finished all their work  grades are due today!
Just breathe, and have faith that everything will work out for the best
Oh Jordan, trust me, it's not attractive.
It would send any guy running.
who's wedding is this?
Despite the fact I don't vote in Mexico, I will be watching the
EVERYONE ON HERE NEEDS TO FOLLOW !!!!!!!!!!
Are you true to yourself?
If you say you're metalheadoctorckergothsceneemo, etc, the answer is no.
Fuck trends, be yourself!
ssssiigh.
my panel's over.
I have postpartumpanel syndoctorme.
I'm Doing me.
Do yourself a favor and do you I don't need any male groupies
Bank holiday and I'm in bed sound
what about the Green wave basketball team.
moving 4 blocks away.
my option to get into the pricey west side market.
so excited.
new beginning for me.
ANEW!
Kurt Cobain  Justin Beaver
follow back??
John thanks for the RT.
Theyve won like 2628 but we just beat them in SA 3 weeks ago, they a lil worried!
refs trying to stop terps from pulling upset today
we can't wait to see you!
oven is humming ..the flashing FRESH HOT BISCUITS  sign is on!
yep pricey to live in manhattan...but outer boroughs u could find cheaper spot or in north jersey
It's a gorgeous day in Milwaukee!
I'm even more excited for spring break and warm weather now
Do or Do Not.
There is no try.
This Sixers/Celtics game is sloppy as hell
Hello San Diego!
what about them o.o
awww yeah.
Good luck!
It's on TV right now!
Yes you are correct...on its way out...still have my Nokia Astound though......wishful thinking re: the app.
I guess.
professorssions that people cheat the most in.
Secret Service is apparently now on the list along with athletes, rock stars, what else?
in back bay closing..
Oh no!
I think that could be done...could also build 'mini' events throughout the year.
still aint got no dang Iphone but it's commin
hope to see you this weekend!
Cute!
Plus: What a beautiful yard  beyond!
You don't do nothing like that
Thanks to the UVU students, there is now a Google Ad campaign for Jillian's Story!
Success is measured by clicking the Google Ad  buying!
who else is here the whole summer
Haven't Tweeted In The Longest .
Your Mom deserves the best!
Enjoy a special Mother's Day menu for 59 per guest.
Private rooms available.
Reservations 2102280700
That's what you get for following people while on PCP.
She lives in my lap.
Ok I know you said that you don't have a personal Facebook account but someone under your name keeps adding me!
Government says Lozis are committing treason by declaring state within Zambia
as I understand it, yes.
haha...
I want one too!
Getting ready to launch my new website and new products, also a GREAT SALE for the month of November!
Stay tuned...Amber
Local team chairs are selected by that team itself per event.
Important to note local is not required to be on an event team.
Well, looks like our San Francisco summer has bid farewell.
Time to fire up those heat lamps and clean out the fireplace.
Ever just want to BE somewhere completely different?
Right now I'd like to be in Yosemite National Park in the 1970s.
Thanks for the shout we're excited about this opportunity!
They seem to do some renewal checking post22, but I don't rly understand their review process
What are the best technologies to promote collaboration in large non professort groups like bar association?
abaclc.
doctorpbox?
Others?
Good morning beauties.
We don't stop Ĺāγίηԍ because we grow old; we grow old because we stop Ĺāγίηԍ.
3
RT : The problem with people who have no vices is that you can be sure they're going to have some pretty annoying virtues.
Great!
See you at the Theater!
Any school records ?
would surely create a Urticaria Index or Urticariagate were there to be some sort of sports itching scandal
Angelina Jolie's doctorss can only accommodate 3 legs, max.
That's why her 4th leg has to stick out like that.
She told me this on the phone.
Sydney Bleu coming into Boston  Venu this thursday night please contact us for guestlist or table RSVP 2019377807
No Laird.
We are the 99 percent.
Preach, preacher!
What are some places to hang out before a Red Sox game?
Special appearance today on Fox News at noon!
Tune in for Wade in thr Water previews!
Going to hear tonight in Buffalo with and !
:
If your actions inspire others to doctoram more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
John Quincy Adams
I promise it wasn't personal!
:P
What did you think of A Moveable Feast?
Hey Toni, are you available for coffee next week at all?
thanks my man
My ex?
Yeah I'd still hit that.
Only this time it'd be with a car or baseball bat....
Thank you for sponsoring FRPAA!
This legislation will help the U.S.
to stay competitive in education and applied research!
beyond annoyed with ups.
so no one has a formspring?
ok i feel like a loner.
Neti Pot success...
I just want something real...not something built on lies
you having too much fun!
MT : Bachmann says Obama must answer questions on Libya: For example where is it?
Let's start closer to home: NH?
MA?
I'm not ignoring you.
I'm just waiting for you to talk to me first
: Who's 1st?
Let's nominate and focus on one member to make an example of him/her for the rest of
Couple of years ago he was running for president Yesterday he was on same plane as me Tonight John McCain appearing on David Letterman show
I c
do you officially have a c in your name these days?
i'll save you 
U may be upset, but talk to me girl cause i gotchu
First a fake clinical trial, now a fake peer reviewed journal...what's next...fake doctorgs?
staying in Orlando for the most part but I can always come back for a weekend :
Just rel to love!I will RT you
Too bad my friend joseph has no twitter / I miss that punk!
Jacquard loom pointpaper and punch card designs remind me of bitrasters from digital signalling channel data.
Who wants to come over and watch the game?
Tip off at 11
Diabetes experts from EVMS and beyond are leading Turning the Tide on Diabetes conference in Va Beach this weekend.
is in Grenoble, France!
It just does ok :p
what's good big bro?
dude...
Your spoken word gives chills, fuckme that shit is unreal.
: well I understand the nerd tendencies haha so it's all good!!
I walked in the door and Violet yelled Big Daddy!
This is her way of getting back at me for leaving last wknd.
Common sense is not very common
Cleaning house.....in a totally delirious mood
Just Started Beyond the Buzz!
So far, great perspective on conversation vs presentation PR, esp.
the more general the audience gets.
LAThtr FF New Rogue tweeting artists from WhereTheGreatOnesRun and  from
glad you're enjoying Hamlet's!
So am I.
Hope your talk goes well!
Let's be honest...
our kids, all of them, are spoiled freakin' rotten.
Vcube captainred the Health Care Reform event yesterday at the LA Chamber.
Soon you will be able to see it!
Stay tuned!
I miss the old days...
specifically November 26, 2011
Thought it was my imagination it seems colder than usual in here...until I opened the carton w/my lunch in it  I can see steam
Missed you yesterday, but I'm here in the store all day till 5 pm.
Come by and get a free doctor Pepper on the house.
Seriously epic chat going on right now in torchat with amazing YA writers !
He's gotta realize he's already behind on brownie points bc most RedSox fans think Tito should still be in Boston.
Tipping 90 this weekend!
So glad BroadwayCab is air conditioned for your comfort!
Eatin IL Vicino,and a doctorm solo like Kieth Moon!How are your Apps.
Help me help Baltimore, contribute to my campaign right now online  bit.ly/oAs3ds Thank you so much!
That's how we do it here, Nick.
Redsox Win!
Goodnight!
How do we let the rest of the world know about the Madison we love?
Great discussion with Marsha Lindsay and Deb Archer, CVB.
Good luck!
When I see ads for Gun and Knife shows, I mentally add phrase and Tiny Penis Convention..
Follow me first and let's decide together.
ah are you having a crisis?
Poor baby
I no every1 does!
I tried everything!
I tried for meet and greet at z100, for izod,beacon, MSG but had noo luck!:
Well, hey fellas!
I BELIEVE IN MIRACLES......YOU SEXY THANG;
oh really
By the way, the final tally for SexyResults attendance: 427.
None of us expected more than 250.
THANK YOU.
that's good they get a vote.
it's just hard seeing other cities get shows that my arena should be getting.
Thinking about Baltimore  all the time!
probably perfecting his muffin recipes for all the please stay muffin baskets nick will be finding on his porch all summer
TRUE.
However, it seems silly to pretend hetero white male privilege doesn't exist.
yeah but he did an asterisk for Rose, like if he was healthy maybe they were gonna win haha
RT : CUNY Brd of Trustees wellheeled picks of gov  mayor.
CUNY students r majority wrking class, immigrant, ppl of color.
R u certain they were cops or Mo's paid security?
Hubbie is retired Houston firefighter/cop and u still have options!!
what if on twitter you go by Meggie?
It's so much more endearing.
Yes, Kate Smith is an awesome Radio promotor.
She's going to work on my upcoming record.
Good morning Beauties!
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.
Walter Winchell Enjoy your day!
Off to Grand Performances!
so sorry we missed you!
could have sent houarts koozies and tshirts!
guess we'll save it for !
Legends are born in October.
Totally about baseball but I'd like to think I was included in that group.
anyone up for a game of KissKillFuck ?
briana
no, I have an iPhone but I'm a huge technology nerd and have watched reviews and stuff on them!
Video Marketing Strategies  Take your Network Marketing ...
It does no harm just once in a while to acknowledge that the whole country isn't in flames, that there are people in the country
love you :
RT : Chapter Four is all about skateboarding, advertising, and branding.
From skateboard to billboard: Hardcore!
We can also make custom shirts for your business or sports teams!!!!
Mid Afternoon Shake Break  Black  White.
I want kenkey then
you can download it
The book of face just asked me if I knew Sean Combs...thanks for the foreshadow Marky Zuck
So many ugly people lmao
Currently Recruiting Angels for an Upcoming Event In ATL if U R interested in becoming an Angel
Memo to the fellas: Strap up or pull out.
Memo to the ladies: Ensure that these men Strap up or pull out
oh I remember that.
You had that wiffleball working wonders.
Knicks will be in NBA finals, of course.
seriously.
I can't find one person in LA who's remotely interested.
It's disheartening.
:
The black loop smells like the inside of a keg.
Nocontact from NTB.
I have since had the vehicle inspected by an independent  it appears NTB has done very poor work for me.
just called me a home wrecker haha
doctoradful August 8th.
but u can dance like vinny
After a glance at Urban Dictionary, let it be known that I am pleased, proud, or happy for /you/.
Be brave, be strong, live long.
yay new episodes!
:
You know, for a girl that doesn't work out, I have a lot of work out clothes...
Took a nice long walk to the SMFA and spent the day looking at Artist's Books.
its sent bruh.
That was us!
You should've come over!
Oh well, we'll try it again soon!
NBA BOSATL RT : I wanna reach 100 guys, come on!
I only slept for about 6 hours last night, but it was uninterrupted, so I feel more rested than when I sleep 8 and get woken up by the cats
Oh yeah  RT: Lmfaooo oh yea ?
To act as if you know don't know whats wrong when with someone when you played a role in both the cause and effect, tht innocent card 
Wednesday is Kids Eat Free Day!
Bring your parents and have some Acme fun!!!
Just give me something to believe in.
working a new song.
Loopin' up a storm.
when do you think they'll announce the time...what a tease to tell us what day but not what time!
This might mean we have to lower our rates with such stiff competition out there LOL
This is AWESOME....
Hopefully tonight turns out to be entertaining.

THANK YOU for spreading the word!!
I cannot clean unless I have my music blasting throughout the house  or else nada will get done
Who even buys 20 bags anymore..
are one of those unemployed protesters?
Going out with my girls, looking cuuuuteeeee!!!
:
Haven't been in the school building for 2 minutes and i'm ready to go home.....
Cookies and milk!: haha yum.
Trying to get it homie...
landi Kai the ritz literally rolling around in a sandbox
We had the Cards as him.
I think the Cubs are Webb.
the self/sings alone
follow  wow he's just AMAZING he's like the greatest singer ever
doctorWho: 'The Shakespeare Code' a different doctorgood episode.
Shout out to for recommending earlier eps.
4HOURS3MINUTES37SECONDS i'm going CRAZY HERE!!
Fkfhjfitghgjiohjfk!!!
your logic may be the truth, but I like to think I have magical internet haha
kidscreen Pitch It entry number 3: Chugga Chugga Wow.
Mixed live/animated preschool interactive game  play along at home on tablet.
I know i hope somebody saves her.
Maybe she got the tape loose from her hands  can swim.
I hope she will be safe.
The Really Fancy Shmancy Place...
what's it?
o yeah.
The Krusty Krab
Well, when you put it that way...
Thank you for RT.
I had a blast visiting the JAHQ during
Great night at the SundayJazzLounge crushed it!
Sounds great!
Just indicate that you are one of my friends and I will add you that way!
I look forward to connecting!
Why are loglines more difficult to write than screenplays?
Find out after a word from our sponsors...
I'm in need of a new All Time Low shirt to add on to my collection.
That would be shirt 8?
Or 9.
Eyes slowly closing while reading.
that game was crazy.
As much as I hate it, paul pierce went in
Anyone interested in my moderately conservative views, esp on int'l affairs, Israel  Mideast, is warmly invited to follow
If you want to go somewhere, it is best to find someone who has already been there.
Robert Kiyosaki
Happy Easter......That Is All....
cant get no better than this......
a broke ass ankle!
taking an opportunity means taking a step without too concerned about an outcome of the process.
you just commit yourself to each step.
oh shit I can watch it online!!!!
reflecting on teacher appreciation week, and i can't single out just one teacher.
so many have had an impact on me, my goals, my life!
what was you doctornking and can I get some of that??
No mentoring today so i decide to to go work on my sax solo.well choir is in class right now and hearing them just assures me a made the ...
yo do you have a contact on Kris?
If played at the superbowl id actually watch it
HAPPIEST DAY OF MY LIFE TODATE!!
OBAMA'S SUPPORT FOR MarriageEquality IS JUST SO WONDERFUL FOR US!!!!
IT GOT BETTER!
GAY IS OKAY!!
perfect morning for a hike!
yep, needed that one
Have a joyous, prosperous, healthy , and prayerful New Year!!!!
God Bless You!
congratulations on level 59!!!!
: Please readd me as a friend on pandanda...
please.
GRATZZ
Everything is hockey and I don't care
I learned this!
It's when you tweet something about someone without mentioning them by name.
why I thought you liked them so you don't eat them
If you truly listen to 2 Chainz you would realize this nigga says ridiculous shit.
Got my first project back from a vendor today!
In the studio!!!
hell yea, we takin the world by storm.
let us know what you think...
hopefully the scoutmob discount doesn't make the crowds too crazy
Thank you for following me!!
:
good stuff!
Aye ma salt rinse worked!!!!
Happy Asian New Year!!
Holy shit, winged it on my acct exam last week and got a B!!!
Hell ya bitches
It's worth it if you travel a lot and can get the discounted membership rate
ha thanks
Went to a Black Thai event last night.
I was the only guy in a FUBU kimono.
Couldn't have wished for more perfect chicago weather.
No way am I staying inside.
Pls.
RT FB etc.
First step, sign up for Twitter.
Second, turn on your location for your tweets.
Today I fielded emails from Seoul, Stockholm, Uppsula,  Little Havana but haven't gone more than 20 mi from my house in over a week
When I get on the bus ppl will recognize..
that gangsta is ballin', yo.
See first that the design is wise and just; that ascertained, pursue it resolutely.
William Shakespeare
Why are banks less keen to lend to Welsh businesses?
The USCIS's duties include national security, process of citizenship and immigration services, and relations with customers.
Looking for any kind of grammar online games or interactive sites, please help.
you forgot the 
It's only a matter of time GOD please keep me from going insane so I can see the Day come
My metabolism and my tiredness are ridiculous.
I am so hungry and falling asleep.
RT All this is the way to the destined reign of Troy.
Thank you, and fight on  always!
C.
L.
Max Nikias
...and some gum.
I got gum too.
Oh god here we go overtime or a bulls win.
I don't like this situation.
Thanks for the follow back.
I wonder how much students at FIU are being impacted by excessive tolls on their commutes.
I could be your PersonalShopper.
I would find the greatest deals!!!!
I can't sleep tonight I am all wound up.
the office is boring without steve carell
the new Tallest Man on Earth is amazing
lmaao mad jelly rn..I ate my stash;
Links to iTunes, when you're referring to particular track or album, turn into iTunes download links for noniTunes users.
It's a sad day 4 the professorssion of acting when moronic untalented swine hav romances w/costars.Hello?It is called acting!Be a professorssional!
Currently trying to find a way to rob Peter to pay Paul so I can order a big, gooey pizza for dinner tonight.
I frickin' deserve it.
everyone goo n follow shes so awsume  HURRY go n follow D ppwweeaasseee
i can but sumtimes i cant
This Wed at 2:30 pm: preevent celebration of our July exhibition.
Unveiling fragments  raising a Bedouin tent.
FREE to the public.
Apricot tea is like doctornking potpourri.
Loving your retweets from first generation college grads.
Why I've been smiling to myself at my desk all morning.
:
Neither I am...I haved both nightmares and good doctorams, but usually have to wake up durint the good ones!
Highlight of was meeting at ArgoTea
smh.
It would
Whatever you do in life, always give 100...
unless you're donating blood.
You don't have to hate the player nor the game if you don't get involved!
Tricks are for kids!
Hi!
I know.
Long overdue.
Mahinmi has quietly become a reliable NBA center.
S/O to my new followers and
The world as we know it is a different place thanks to Steve's vision and leadership.
We all learned something from him.
hahaha ppl are ridiculously not right:P
American Idol transcends age, gender, ethnicity, everything.
Carrie Underwood 3
Let it go, man..
it's only a quarter.
I think we are going to go with The Christmas Gift  El Regalo de Navidad for our VIA project.
Thoughts?
NFL doctorft winners/losers: Redskins qualify as both after taking Robert Griffin I, Kirk Cousins
I am incredibly impressed
Rick Stansbury may be a Kentucky native but he's close to being unwelcome round these parts.
Heeeyyy!
Thanks yall!
I appreciate that so much!!
DID!!
Losing weight!
YAY
100 Bucks if you dont laugh
The Official MC Competition tonight in Philly  doors 8pm 
I do not understand what you mean by that.
I assume it's pretty clever.
are you not coming??
Hey Suzy, thanks for the follow...hope you get your workout in to start off your week right!
Brides!
Still looking for a venue?
The has an OPEN HOUSE on SATURDAY from 10am2pm!
my sister insists that I tell her where I'm going but when I say nowhere she gets mad.
I can't just take a shower?!
geez!
Lowpaying workers are effectively subsidiaing museums
I wish, did my normal Presidio loop this morning.
RT : Service between Newark and WTC operating with a 15minute delay due to signal problems.
::squeal!!!:: congratulations!
I hadn't seen the news.
So excited for y'all...that little girl will be so loved.
Yep, does he Tweet?
He and I have discussed stuff.
I suspect we will hang when I am in CHS this summer interning.
Exactly what im feeling.
I feel chu.
gigs are comming thanks to peeps like you: be a fan Be part of this original vibe!Expierence my guitar:Blues/rock,
expecting some mall quality photos
My rooms gross!!
i'm coming home and cleaning all day tomorrow
So many great booktomovie adaptations up for an Oscar this weekend!
What's your pick to win?
We loved The Help  The Descendants!
Yeah, but lucky was more like a role model Britney I'd prefer the out of her cage Britney.
Delighted to have following me.
architecture criticism historicpreservation We missed you at last week.
thanks for the insight!
NBA Playoffs 2012: 5 Burning Questions for the Oklahoma City Thunder
Red Sox lead Indians 41 at the Top of the 7th Inning
Just met a true playa
Okay so imma finish this essay by 2 d:
Thank you so much for all of the glowing recommendations!!!
Happy Easter everyone!
Hope it's a good one!!
: What is green and has wheels?
Grass.
I was kidding about the wheels.
Looking forward to a good discussion
Hi ladies, exquisite shopping  DPC!!!
Tomorrow's ReadAloud 34pm Thompson Library features President Gee!
Come hear him read from his favorite books!
New Concur Report Provides InDepth Look at 50 Billion Worth of TE Spend
Inhouse video producers can use outside production companies for opinions to improve videos or provide a faster turnaround.
oh ok???
That sounds cool 33
Phone been dead all day n I ain't feelin that
Zimmerman Said Trayvon Tried To Attack Him!
All He Had Was Skittles.
Tf Did He Try To Do , Make You Taste The Rainbow ?
Ready to finally read Stieg Larsson's books
You are making me sad with all these sadtweets :
seconds after it is decapitated
Unless your job is crucial to the actual survival of the human race itself, I would simply not show up for work tomorrow.

listening Thanks!
hello!
Thanks for reaching out.
Are you enjoying socialmidas so far?
I can't believe I figured out what that guy was asking for.
Haha, my point precisely.
hell yeah
why won't my mom reply I want to go home
Timber, Jimmy Jacobs and the Barking Spiders are entering the building when a car skips to a stop in front of them.
RT : SocialMedia By making a customer unhappy in real life they might tell 5 people.
Make them unhappy on the internet and...
A4: I can do solo but prefer to speak with a partner like or as part of a panel.
Not revolutionary?
Taxes.
Thanks for the RT, Robert!
Kevin
awesome!
Will definitely tweet about this tomorrow at a decent hour!
:
The force you use to turn off the light in the living room from your computer.
Have you gone over to the dark side?
hahaha me too!!!
I figured I may as well get I over the fear now
Wish we were in LA running on Dunkin'!
Oh beautiful bayous.
RT : FF Wish we were runnin on here in Louisiana!
That awkward when the only french words are the lyrics to Lady Marmalade....
Only in print: May 8  Daily Ardmoreite Only in print: May 8 Daily Ardmoreite By Staff reports Wilson Christmas lights exceed expectation
Great meeting you too!
Thanks for the love!
Happy birthday, Adoctoran!!!
: Hope you're having a fantastic day so far!
I'm a fellow Aquarius :
are u guys coming to doctorft?
We have some new plans in the works for our INTL broadcasters that I'm going to share soon!
Just tapped, doctor Stout
yea i keep bein told.i didnt think yall would.
i miss yall so much i havent laughed the same without yall lol
Now I just need to get this portfolio presentation over with
Has it always been lit?
I walk my fair share around this city at night and have NEVER noticed it before!
I'm listening to music and nothing now.
Someone made me happy.
Hehe.
:D
Hi, will be exhibiting at AWP, come see us.
Can we all agree to throw under the bus under the bus?
By mastering essential audition skills, you'll raise your confidence and free yourself of an attitude that's in the way of your success.
Funny how people are starting to tune out of 's f8 stream now that their CTO is out talking to geeky developers :D
better get a wedding invite Nicca!
Great first day and with !
Can't wait to get going!
what is TheSolution?
So I hear album is coming out in September
Gonna kick him till I need new shoes heHEHEY!!
Can you follow me back please!!!!!!!
Hey Short Fuse!
He's straight aggravating.
Hard if not impossible to root for him
Umm you are from Sandusky, Ohio?
Tommy Boy is my all time favorite movie.
Brothers don't shake hands, brothers gotta hug.
RT : RT : Forgetting whats behind me and move on 
That's just sad..
Hey Eva!
Saw that you followed us!
Have a great day.
What is this world coming to?
You are my life.
you arent far.
I can make that trip
Right, as strong as I am I wanted to cry RT : :
I agree
lol happy early birthday
Business, sports, education, and basketball!
Yey!!!
Just send us your addoctorss so you can get your North Face backpack, courtesy of !
FOLLOW BACK :
It is Persuasion by Jane Austen!
Hey you should go punch your sister 15 times since only 2 people punched her today
Haha not being contentious at all.
Hope that wasnt the impression you recieved.
RT : RT : If you have something to say about me say it to me.
Thanks to Gloria Kwan, Proskauer's Recruiting  Diversity Coordinator and PENCILPartner for helping with yesterday's Partnership Workshop!
I want to go to SoundWave!
Yes, I was a little juiced over Boozer's 31 point outing!
I want some
Just tapped, Spire Hard Apple Cider
Thanks for your support!
Cats wld be Top Story if had UNC issue.
Wait, we are.
: tired of everybody but UK getting free pass
now, I could pretend to know what that is and say GREAT...but in reality I must ask: what's tarmasalata?
Remembering how mad my mom was last night, she almost took my phone.
And she wasn't even mad at ME!
Wtf
I wish that was an option right now.
oh!
We're on 3D shapes, just finished them.
I voted a couple weeks ago
U welcome love :0
You have to keep 1, erdan, harangody or hollins who do you keep?
if you smack the light off a light skinned person they become clear .
lmao
The hotter it gets, the more I sweat, the less I care.
I'm literally sweating empathy, must find AC.
bibliographic rapture at CDL today!
Please pick 2: VJax, Andoctor, McGahee, Cruz.
Thanks!
Jared Weaver no hitter!
Today we wish our curator, Tim Nisly, a big, happy birthday!
Two great casting offices this past week, so kind and fun.
Make the job so much easier.
I didn't realize it was 1am.
I work too much!
If Bucks go 500 in the East and dont make the playoffs  it will be the first time since 200405 that a team went 500 and didn't get in
Good dunk bledsoe
I didn't teach you that in Spanish class!
Ha!
Hope you're having fun at the film festival!
i wanna see that new owl movie ; just soo i can listen to Owl City 3
Tell your fashion friends to follow !
It's a beautiful life when in Purple.
You are very beautiful!
Everything is great there!
Never had a bad meal.
Could live off their cornbread alone.
Little black doctorss and sequin heels kind of night..
its Friday!
Hopefully he'll come around.
I had the harder time with my mom surprisingly.
Embarrassing confession time: I have a giant bruise on my ass cheek.
real sore right now, summer workout is killing me
John Gerzema has found optimism, resiliency and opportunity in consumer trends
thanx for the welcome!
Tick just crawlin on my leg
Nothing is ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Good idea.
I like how Tagxedo can make the could into shapes like the high heel in your post.
I don't think wordle can do that.
thanks for follow!
Looking forward to reading your blog.
Need all the gardening guru advice I can get!:
I been thru the best in life and the worst...
But nothing compares to the pain of a broken.
Jorge Klor de Alva of the University of Phoenix to speak at CHEA Annual Conf.
and Intl.
Seminar.
See Preliminary Program at www.chea.org.
Out gettin lunchchinese food
Life is just so much more fun when wearing a SpiritHood!
Which one did you get?
doctoram Big and Believe!
The best advice I ever got.
How about you?
Looking for slpeeps with experience in ABA or similar approach in the Miami area, please RT
we hope so.
It's supposed to be fun.
: we had a blast.
I'm sure you could tell from my intro video I tried to do.
Lol
This might be one of the best soundtracks ever.
Mikulski pressures Harris, Bartlett on U.S.
Postal Service overhaul
Yeah, you're right.
We should all leave the safety of our own home after calling the cops to shoot people dead.
I know the difference when I speak, but sometimes when I write, their distinctions get lost.
;
Paranormal Portal to a Parallel Universe
kids The Perfect Audition at Arena's Performing Arts Centre, Sat, May 12 1:00p: The workshop is designed to help your child learn how to...
It's cold!
All honor's wounds are selfinflicted.
Andoctorw Carnegie
hmu if you wanna be one
her goes randy
Well lunch was too fun.
They gave us an extra 2 bottles of wine for free.
Now I just need to hide for a sec so my cheeks stop being soo red
you just got Ronaldoed
I'm craving Lou's pizza but I can't eat it
RandomFact: Justin Bieber was my 282 follower.
He followed me in April 2010.
While he was in Austraila.
Going home and going to sleep
I didn't get my homework done because my dad had me picking all the tomatoes from the garden because it was supposed to frost.
Thanks for listening chelmusic!
Liked.
:D
Why do you adore me?????
Walking through the pouring rain.
No umbrella.
Royal wedding captainres the attention of Chicago seniors
yep.
Get on twitter.
What is the course topic?
can u plz tell towanda that her hubby is a lil how u doooooiiin!
my gaydar is going off!
If you're not asleep, you're awake, and you're probably angry.
Wait....
occupate ?
RING OUT AHOYA
HU!!!!!
The Bison OccupyHomecoming with a 35  28 victory over previously undefeated NCAT!!
Boys have attuides just like females but even worser.
Oh hey, look, is that my lord and savior being beaten and whipped and crucified by an angry mob?
Awesome!
Let's call this day Good Friday!
what u got up today
yes Tagalog!!
It's my favorite
omg right?
It was a blessing to see that many people at my grandma's service.
Had to pull extra chairs and still had people standing.
I'd be in; I totally see why playing is fun.
Maybe you 2 need to teach me why watching is fun...
'Sometimes the best thing a Christian can do...is take a nap.'
it pisses me off when theres no damn food in this house
Can you please follow me?
I'm a HUGE fan.
Almost blew it there at the end...
Good last stand.
please follow she is you biggest fan!22
uh no, I haven't.
The NY Knicks are 5 games out of a playoff birth...
:
Hey Reggie!
mentioned you were on Twitter!
Hope all is well!
xoxo
Runners, To increase your pace, speed up your arm swing.
naughtical is comin back to the burgh
I will die for you!
I dislike teenage girls, they are constantly pmsing and taking it out on me.
s stylists daughter.
Harry went swimming with her Xx
When eating pussy, don't be a pussy
Thank god all the girls on BigBreak this year are hot.
If you can't find the sucker at the table..
it's probably you.
R.I.P.
Mark Edward Lenzi July 4, 1968  April 9, 2012 Two days older than my older brother.
Gone way too soon
I just saw the monstermash video!
U guys were awesome!
:D 3
I got a big bone alright RT : Husky?
Don't you mean big boned?
whats good out there today?
Hit me
I heard the queen got a haircut
Hi smiles
Im way to picky.
All I ever do is big, so all she wanna do is Big.
12/30/2010 Who Gives a Tweet: MIT Researchers Build a Hot Or Not for Twitter TechCrunch
Dont forget LGBT night tonight!
Free STOLI from 91030pm DJ starts 4th Stoli Dink and Son of a Peach Wheat beer in on US!!!!!!!!
The show must go on....
Facebook: server capacity/dev time to push every inane notification everywhere!
Syncing viewed notifications between devices?
Crazy Talk!

: some wild  crazy guys.
Great job on the OpenGov panel today!
Really enjoyed the conversation.
I need a new wardoctorbe..
So tired of reaching out to somebody who doesn't care.
I've been there for you for everything all I ever get is dodged im done.deuces
Of course.
But fair warning.
At least two men in pajamas at Four Barrel this morning.
Its2012WhyYouStill taking pics of ya money, or flashing it In the club pics..GO sit yo broke ahh DOWN
I want to go shopping.So many cute styles!
Best way to enjoy a Sunday!
Im into tattoos and doctornking til six Fucking til nine, sleeping til twelve And going back to my homies with a story to tell
Uh oh the evil cough is back.
I saw a hobo tumblinq on the sidewalk.....
And I thouqht,Oh, such a wonderful siqht!
What A classic Hobo.
Loving the deal for
I feel like spring is finally here
Is my new hero.
She uses the subjunctive mood in tweets.
the less you expect from people ..
the more you get
Shheeeiitt!Hour a half?
yall must travel well together.takes u bout 30min.
Lo siento, I have forgotten.
I know several of them have seen though c:
Things I Yell At My CoWorkers: Are you talking about rap music without me AGAIN?!
Thanks for noticing me and giving me the reason.
Take care : bye pretty
Thank you everyone for all the donations toward tornadorelief!
We are no longer accepting donations.
Thanks for reaching out, OKC!
No, you dont know all of the song if you only know the chorus.
Dont distroy Outcast.
RICK SANTORUM is hanging UPSIDE DOWN on the cross because he was wrong about 7 out 8 colleges don't offer history courses.
NLD Mom.
Thinking about what TEDED could mean for PD, parent ed, and students...myriad opportunities!
mister.
Louise Waite is in 'Abdu'lBahá's reception room at the Plaza Hotel.
He calls her Shahnaz: songbird.
Recreate your future to suit your desired lifestyle.
All else will follow.
I think I kinda want Clint Eastwood to be our next president now.
cool so you getting more famous for it ?
martiansVSgoblins yea buddy
My Kingdom for a followback!
:
Keep it up : Some people say I tweet too much.
Comments, cares, concerns?
We still have a few spots open for this summer's SAT Bootcamp!
Program starts on July 6!
Visit www.columbiaprep.com for more details :
What do you think, doctorft Nail Yakupov or Trade for defense and/or a goalie?
Also hope my Pens meet your devils in the ECF!
and So are and on the same page on water pricing/conservation?
Oregano oil!
Help me kick this congestion.
Excited for Leni Zumas's reading tonight.
If there's any justice, decency,  intelligence left in the world, The Listeners will be a big hit
Mine too...let's hope it is worth it...lol...glad to hear Scandal was picked up for Season 2.
You can't maximize the use of anything without proper instructions, why attempt to live this life without the word
I think when Lady Terps win tonight we make Lady BallSoHard Torrey edition Ts for the final four.
What do you think?
you guys do awesome work
Most RBNY fans seem to be in support of the trade, citing Agudelo's lack of PT  improved defense with Pearce.
Heading back down to office 2day2 help finish sorting Emmy entries 2morrow we watch 2 make sure they play then ship for judging
Hahahahahahah carlos lee
Kinda weird to review the box score and not see Fielder's name there.
we love black moths.
And you.
Followed,follow back please :
That Awkward Moment When You're Watching Tv W/ Yourr Dad And A Condom Commercial Comes On.

No man is free who is not master of himself...
Getting ready for our new class July 6th...9 day, MF from 9am to 4pm for 409!
Nina Simone's Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood is the best.
The pieces and 10 entry fee aren't needed until Wed afternoon at the latest.
we do need to pray in private, the scripture bits against public prayer r bout long make me look good prayers
Sounds like a fun place to work!
Yerr....wuts poppin i fucks wit ya one song ....hit me up fr colab i got big ass studio...
www.myspace.com/mebruklin and tweekstud
thanks buddy!
Yes, our meetup is overdue.
You around this weekend?
thanks!!
Well be Ragin tonight!
you just used them in the same sentence :P
hey how are you.
Still trying to connect with you in regards to my producer Ric Rude.
Give me a shout when you can pls
Valk: Activists understanding movements as separate even when we see them as overlapping.
ncph2012 
ThingsILookFor REAL People!!
Heart breaks and promises
At some point, I'm certain Nicki Minaj will recreate Killroy Was Here on stage.
I just want to go to a beach.
Just goes to show, don't be afraid of failure!
Go for it!
You miss 100 of the shots you don't take, so take a shot, go for it!
I'm really feelin' these eggs right now!!!
Don't let her google your doppelgänger, Dan.
Temple Grandin would be proud of that translation.
Man, fuck you.
well seriously I think it's incredible.
Congratulations to you and you wonderful wife.
HAHAHAHAHA LMAO, magic fingers
Automation session  after excellent practical demo, incisive discussion for how Sierra might be automated.
I hope I hears him!
I actually have spider senses.
I could be watching TV, reading a book, all of a sudden I'll look up at a specific part of the wall ugh
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi Truth never damages a cause that is just.
The silence left us hanging, while we lit up like the fourth of July.
this shit be so fucking gay i swear...
Starting off the morning with some live jazz!
JIC's Residency Program artists are playing a concert right now for CPS students!
I'm on vacation, and it's about time!!
At the beach with my family for a beautiful spring break :
I just wanted to say.
I enjoy your work and always have.
Keep up the amazing work.
Until you hit the next winery.
I give it a week, may be two.
;
John Rich in Memphis today at ST Jude Performing FOR THE KIDS      Buy song on iTunes and the proceeds fo 2   
Love it!
now you listen here, ima give you advice and your ganna like it dymmet !
No more Y.O.L.O.
I use F.I.S.H.
:Fuck it.
Shit happens
Vanilla ice cream and cut up mangos 3
Please follow !
She is such a big Enchancer 3 PLEASE!
She loves you!
1
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did.
greatadvise NEVEr fly again ..they r a joke airline that loses bags and delays flights ..consistently bad
LOL either way  nothing wrong with that.
Unless you like ChickFilA
np dead and gone, TI and JT.
I feel like this song is crazy underrated
'Bout time, fatty!
This week's show live from Ft Myers.
Yes, there is a buzz about the race down here.
Sun 79 pm on 95.9 FM
A very BIG Good Morning!
right back atcha!!!
Love when folks call themselves the best producer .....
I just find that funny
LOLOL.
I DIED WHEN I RED UR TWEET.
Dinner, Rays game, and family in beautiful, balmy St.
Pete.
North Carolina voted to ban same sex marriage, but why would you want to live in North Carolina anyway?
And on the third day, he resigned again...
Book of Timmy 3:16
Other than hangout feature your left with, less.
I like minimal/clean/streamlined but why use/switch?
What's motivation?
The Lakers trying to do something, I see.
Falling asleep at this ceremony!!!
am I missing anything?!?!
I want to get some black rims for my baby3:
Went to Nation's Burger tonight and had a giant cheeseburger...it was great!!
Damn the calories...you have to have something to live for.
no problem!!
Eating breakfast with Yes, breakfast!
Long night, late start!
I'll be in Chicago July 3 10th!!
that's some good news!!
;
fans: practice your turnout while watching the show in frog pose
Rondo dislocated elbow, and said its no big deal, just a little stiff.
He is a beast tonight!!
AMAZING!
i was so sad that vinny wasent there
It's alright, hey lawdy mama, it's alright
Wait first please follow They're having a benefit concert soon with upcomming artist to raise money for charity!
Brew Zoo, better than expected.
I will be back!
Thanks zoo, breweries, and sponsors  anyone else involved....
Happy 23rd Birthday, Live It Up Extra Hard Today and Don't Stop Doing What Your Doing!
TeamBreezy For LIFE!!!!!!
Wishing I could help my mother.
I'll get her out of this slump one day
Hey it's Gary B on before at
ok no.
Your picture should be of me and you.
sure.
Let's try to find time during lunch.
If you haven't entered our Twitter contest, you're missing out!
Tag us with luvuplatoscloset for a chance to win a 25 gift card!
3
glad to meet you as well.
Keep em coming!
what up Brudda you know what it is I got a lot of work to do
ha.
Way to find the silver lining!
Love it...
And Death God Rest Her Soul
Turn them into the happy little kings of the undersea world as advertised!
So disappointing that they're just brine shrimp.
ylgbootcamp is my favorite workout
i love rap music why do you ask?
Who's helping out at Big Sunday Weekend this weekend?
I'm about to get mine on!
BigSundayWeekend!
I disnt wanna be cliche, so i bought my mom a bag of flour for mothers dayy
220 music y'all.
You left your Hello Kitty backpack here, ass face.
P.S.
Nice record.
RT Not as easy as it looks, huh ?
These shorts make it look like I have a bonahhh
RT : bout to have a heart attack
does MSET have an official twitter tag.
I don't see much.
happy birthday eve to me :
Runyon beat me down yet again.
We meet again tomorrow stairs
Hello Everyone!
SolisEnergy would like to welcome Shawn Turner as the new Manager of Marketing and Development!
Lazy days!
Same wavelength.
; lmao
I texted you.
I still think Britney should've performed Trip To Your Heart while wearing those wings in the FFT finale
what are y'all doing tonight?
What kind of doctornk specials do you have tonight for people looking to watch the Brewers vs.
Mets game?
Gotta love March Madness.
Let me hear your picks???
Tomorrow is 7months since ryan dunn died it does not seen like it has been that long he will be missed!!!::
Think about it.
Obama is the most chill president we've had.
He's attempted to fix what took Bush 8 years to destroy.
Thanks!
Hope you're successful  lemme know if they don't and we'll fix you up.
How do you even respond?
I am most passionate about music, movies, junk food like meatball sandwiches from wawa  certain kind of candies.
well sometimes Im busy
is cute i mean i would love to hug him all the time but with i would kiss them
thats awesome: none of my friends use twitter lol:p so where u live?
No problem : Local PR ladies, unite!
It's amazing how telling my story increases my blog traffic.
Excited to be donating LOVEPOPS for the Federal Club Holiday Party!
Proud to be associated with such a great organization.
So nice of her to let me sleep in today.
thanks we appreciate the tweet!
Gregor Blanco is saving this team.
Back at pottery!
Apparently, clay doctores a lot faster in Atlanta than in London.
Need to develop new strategies...
LMFAOO!!!
WOW!
THAT WAS AWESOME:
vacation is good.
Mom, food sounds really good right now.
Rail Runner riders: What do you think of 1 to 2 price hike for day passes and one way trips?
Or 4 to 11 dollar hike for monthly passes?
team too tightteam meatball
they still turned out great!
probably the best recipe i've made by far!
you wanted me to hit you back
ah ill figure it put i guess:P
let's go
I knew the Mets would struggle to doctorw fans, but shocked at how much trouble they are having selling out the opener.
Citi is a great venue
Of all the earthly music, that which reaches farthest into heaven is the beating of a truly loving heart.
Henry Ward Beecher
For sure Let me fly my g5 down to south America and get you some fresh natural coffee
Good morning!
Have a blessed day!
thanks for the digits.
Expect a text soon.
That's great to hear
You sure do attract some nutjobs Hal.
Oh wait...;
Now you fucked up, now you fucked up
OMG pretty little liars!!!!!
SHUTUP!
Attending AFM in Santa Monica this week!
oh yea kid
Coworker singing gospel in her office and I can hear the outta tune squealing over my radio...
Not cool Lady, just not cool
You always have to plan for the future.
Thanks for the great advice!
Who's joining us in the sunshine in Miami Beach at GOA2012?
29 days until opening day!
Mar.
1  3, 2012
doctoram //  cameo
Per Plato you can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation.
Ask us about a LegoSeriousPlay demo.
what are you talking about???!
your so pretty!!!!!!!
Amen RT Thinking of all the the men  women in the military who have lost their lives in the past 10 years...
deck.ly/veWz0
Experience is the teacher of all things  Julius Caesar
Lol I've been late every day this week Omg xD
Im not perfect and dont live to be.
But before you start pointing fingers, make sure your hands are clean.
Your most welcome!
I enjoyed reading it.
Good luck on your path.
Have a beautiful day!
So I realize I've been pretty single minded lately with this 1k1hr stuff.
If you think my tweets are bad, you should see me in person.
Where's leap day William?
Listening to Pandora while doing research can be pretty great.
Finally February!
Only 16 short days until the Clubhouse reopens and we can see all of our great members!
I feel u I'm bout to be all z's in a few
What's the role of luck in greatness?
Ch 7 of Great by Choice book answers this Q.
Jim Collins
homework sucks
thank you so much!
You are awesome and helping us get closer to our goal!
:
i did it in a minute.
Kickin' it old school today with Nine Inch Nails.
FCdish hey guys....
all ready for some holiday ham????
Wonder if the Journal Sentinel will report on their own mass layoffs?
They report on everyone elses.
For those in the general public interested in learning more about the clinic.
We will be leading a tour tomorrow at 9:30am at
because I want to feel like a badass for 1 more day  this at mile 55 into transition
ME is Me Don't judge Me DON'T CRUSE ME OR GET ME MAD CAUZE YOU WONT LIKE IT
I want either chili cheese fries or deep fried pizza balls vegan, of course.
Prayer means opening my heart to God in conversations with Him that I would describe as real and loving.
yeah we are looking at it...I agree seems like a DST issue
It's Wednesday you know what that means, time to plan for the weekend!
What's your plans?
Where should we go???
Congrats on the next step.
Let me know if you're in DC and want to talk Tech geek/wonkyness over beers
right lol?
The moment of helping a sophomore with his hw ...
Si proud of him, he did his work for the very first time!!!!
Hipster girls shake your ass
Seeing at work 
Thursday's luncheon tasting to feature Scallops PLT.
Count me in to taste and tweet.
Join me apply at www.TasteTweet.com
The Older i get the Wiser i get .Justsmellsogood www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
i mean, horrible shit happens there on the regular.
couple years ago 17 yo kid was shot inside an all age club on a wed nite
Thank you.
RT : On the radio with Steve O'Brien this morning in Beckley
huge congratulations to Fernando Varela who won 2011 Latinos in Social Media LATISM Award for Best Artist socialmedia :
Thanks for the follow, you had us at The Killers and new album!
Have an awesome day!
that's really unfortunate to see.
stay classy seattle.
whatever works for you is fine by me doll
The twoyearold woke me up at 5am which must have done something screwy to my sleep cycle because I'm a puddle this morning.
nowplaying Alex ClareToo Close getting some more packing done bluugh
I'm kidding lol..its ina song
Math fry's brain cells.
It is absolutely unbelievable how much better I feel when I work out in the mornings.
will always be
You're welcome!
why isn't Santos closing, he is the only consistent guy in the pen this year
of course it is unless you are running to the donut shop
where are you from?
funny Ass Hell
What is your favorite Infiniti Model?
According to Google the Infinti G35 has the most searches....
Thanks Daniel!
Franklin gets the putback dunk and the Aztecs lead 5134!
The way made me hustle down 3 steps and walking through the wrong door lol smh
Thankyou for the fine reporting :
Come to where your senior portraits are all about you, not someone else.
We work hard for you!
salad doctorssing
I see this.
This is great!
setting up a trend as a strong second half guy
I'm only 2 and I'm a sure thing.
Facebook is so boring
Yeah exactly!
There just so perfect 
4 weeks until the 30th Annual Ft Worth HomeGarden Market Jan.
2931, 2010 Interested in exhibiting?
www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
Whoa.
That Was Fast.
O:
love your posts!
Keep up the great work!
Get real.
but how would you transport him then?
Ha
I think you should take that a sign to just back...
away...
slowly...
from the comments.

wouldn't know what to do  the next thing I know is i'll be arrested for sexual harassment.
Lol jks..
I..
wont..
do..
that..
I accidentally bit my lip; Will you kiss it to make it feel better?;
I feel ya, my man.
Short term memories, ftw!
Vanessa Hudgens: Salon Stop with Mom!
I told her i dont want her a fan just because shes my wife..
shes asked for a year..
Actually I think he's smashing the breakfast table, which came out a few minutes later split in half.
Good for you!
So I've decided not to run for president today.
Mostly because I forgot I was yesterday.
What a great MononBell game!
Way to go Wabash!
And thanks to those of you who stopped at the Wabash vs DePauw chili throwdown.
RT : This pint of Guinness is not only delicious...
Also contains 10 of your daily requirement of Guinness.
Thank you for sharing the story.
We are extremely proud of Ella and Gary!
Isn't that refreshing?
my pretty pix cumn son!!!!!
Painter is horrible.
I'm hoping Brantley shows potential so Painter is released before the season starts.
Cleaning Up About to Cook For My Mom ;
We still don't know their schedule though right?
GO sms.
Now that you mention it maybe I'll go try and retrieve them w/ a different app.
Not that my phone has memory to dl another.
My mom just killed her iphone
Just found out SWV came out with an Album in April.
I should listen to it.
Might be good
following now, thanks guys for linking me up
I am.
How did you know?
CutLoose has a blog page, to be used to keep in touch will all our great friends and clients...check us out at cutloosetx.blogspot.
13 seconds of action.
Time for another commercial break.
my weave itch ...
ima go pat it brb
why isn't Real Madoctord going to be one of the teams to be In the FIFA12 demo?
Welcome to Good Burger.
Home of the Good Burger.
Can I take your order?
Another awesome episode of TheGoodWife It's the best show on TV
Awh I love you too
ned to skype with your auntie in RVA she wants to see whats going on wichu so give a time/day that works, k?

You're welcome.
You are amazing  hope to make it to u r NYC show this month :
definitely going to sleep early tonight!
If you look on any of our brochure template pages, there is a customize and print button that contains all our pricing options.
It's the FirstDayofSpring What are you doing to celebrate?
Perkins is gonna throw soft ass Bynum all around the post.
Ibaka is gonna shut that Gasol jumper DOWN.
KD's speed  length will annoy Artest
Universe: 1 Me: 0.
Traffic, rain, flat tire, heart burn.
Try again tomorrow.
At this Wed's formal meeting, the Youth Council will vote on a resolution to encourage fed reps to preserve interest rate
Wait a minute wait a minute it feels bomb outside!
Wilshire Country Club fireworks are the preppiest fireworks
good luck!
: x
Someone wake me up at 7 so I can watch Iron Man kthanks
Anyone know a good DJ in the Lincoln Park area?
Thank you for donating a 50 gift card to our Auction for Action!
We are sure it will be a hot item this Saturday!
I put on a smile, but on the inside I'm dying.
Although Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow, Spring Field Trip Season is almost here!
hey whats up
Poetry is not an expression of the party line.
It's that time of night, lying in bed, thinking what you really think...
on SVU!
What a great surprise!
That's what I get for hittin them streets!
Cows Almost Impossible To Domesticate, DNA Reveals The common cow's early ancestors were large and nasty and only a small pool were domes
Good Afternoon to everyone
just to say congratulations on bringing out such a wonderful, honest and brave you tube explanation about those claims....
Relationship Aint for everybody
Image would make a great poster.
via via
r u a grandpa?
Spongebob: Patrick, you're a genius!
Patrick: Yeah i get called that a lot.
Spongebob: What, a genius?
Patrick: No, Patrick.
Officially a fulltime makeup artist.
I've resigned from my safety net, day job and now have to make it or break it all on my own.
Yikes!!
A quick way to tell that you're nonprofessort culture is OK: How often do people burst our laughing?
happy birthday to my best friend haylee!
happy sweet 16 girl!
i love u babycakes3
Do any historians out there have any timeline software recommendations?
I'm using SIMILE's Timeline now.
lol.
Bout to hop on this plane and be in the town !!!!
life is 2 short 2 be wastin time hating someone
Im a hawks fan and was there today, but good season by bjennings and the bucks.
they got a good future
what was that app called that puts the pics in frames?
seriously?
Wow, why is Gladwell in town?
RT : At the SFGiants vs Rockies game, go
was he with an Asian girl?
I heard thats my competition haha I have room for Blake Jimmy  the wanted guys 33
Not much.
You?
I need you
: How about partnering up w/ to provide TexttoPay monthly Rent via text message?
haha but I dont really wanna go..
Im leaving twitter for a while.
Bye.
Tiffany: I've been alive for 26 years, and one of the smartest decisions I ever made was eating lunch today.
Gosh I love my friends.
Final five who cashed were me, Michael Chow, Karina  Chip Jett, and David Plastik.
Bagged the Colombian and Russian girls' number today at work !
Great game Guthrie, so glad to have you here.
AKA, the Abe Vigoda of the opera world?
here's his twitter account: you can get on his website and watch videos on there...:
ChildHoodMovies  The Parent Trap
yes they do.
they could make a great song :
I find it a pinnacle of whimsy that two of the top TTs are Beliebers and Directioners Are Flawless  BeliebersAnd1DAreDumb, hehe.
Happy Hump Day!
The weekend is almost here again!
im bored...
GM Boss Lady, congrats on all of your accomplishments thus far!
damn!
This one is on fire too!
NICE PIC MY AND LYRIC IZ IS LUVVIN THAT
Enjoyed seeing Felicia Heaton out there today!
Let's go Bruins!
Let's go Bruins!
Free Lunch Today.
Last one of 2011
Nothing could be further from the truth.
My orientation went good.
Hopefully start work next week.
I can't imagine doing that with the life you lead.
it's impressive.
Be careful not to watch television until your brain shut off..
that would be worse my friend.
At this point, I'm actually starting to think I need to take courses in statistics  finance instead of higher ed.
Try upgrading jquery/pikachoose to the newest version and see if that helps.
well I don't know I would have 2 check availability 2 find out
use i forgot my password an WWHO THE HELL IS THAT BITCH WITH LOGAN IM GONNA STAB THAT FUCKER
A new book review on Stone in a Sling: A Soldier's Journey, can be found on Goodoctorads.
lol u suck
You too, Justin!
:
RT : Stop into at 9pm to challenge during trivia.
3 tall boys w/ a free shot!
Yes, a blog is planned.
Stay tuned!
i want to sleep .
i need to sleep .
i love to sleep .
why the hell can't i sleep .
Its going to be a good day after all...im kicking this days ass!
There's a lot of words that start with Q,W,E, and R in my paper.....
Maybe i play too much league
Just fell more in love with He's NEVER chased someone who's turned down a deal to get them to take it!
I'm in the locks
you are moving?
That won't happen and it won't make sense too much Isolation lol
On Dad's plan till 26; thanks and
I've had enough.
Enlightened Warrior was the best course I've ever attended.
What else did you sign up for?
Wow can't wait to release our next round of artists pumped
I need a coffee mug.
Let him who would be moved to convince others, be first moved to convince himself
My parents got in a fight while I was out.
And my mom was gonna make me walk home.
I live in fucking summerlin.
:.
Nothing is too big for your God your creator!
Place Him above your worries.
:
Wow Detroit Catcher Victor Martinez is expected to miss the entire 2012 season with an ACL injury.
Tough luck.
I need more friends..
thanks!
Great to see the vision come to life in it's final form.
Turned out great!
Just male sure you bring your own cables, we don't currently have any.
Peter Konz won't disappoint the Falcons.
Matt Ryan will have a nice mindmeld with him on every snap.
Now to get some studying done!
:
you guys fucking suck thanks teach.
Always like the encouragement
adaptation might not be precisely the right word.
Venus Williams upsets Kvitova at Key Biscayne
How do you change, grow, develop while staying true to yourself?
Harry Thomas sentenced to 38 months in prison.
Free until he voluntarily surrenders.
Happy New Year!!!
Make a living by what you get; Make a lifetime by what you give.
On a more normal note...I'm on SUMMER BREAK!
lol
I wish you good luck
Anyone know where I can get a Head Porter bagwithout flying to Japan?
Looks like the NY store closed down ages ago.
Hey Sweet girl..
can you give me Shoot Out Please..
I already Foll you..
Yeah...she was like that person that would stay up until 4:30 and sleep until 3...and I am the exact opposite.
Ok sorry!!
Guess there was a little twitter delay!!
RT : yay i won
Put that 40 in the freezer cause I wanna get bent.
Looks like Ron Artest has a future in the WWE.
I think you meant that you were sitting behind JOHN and Stephanie.
:
Still thinking about this hotel thing for this weekend, I could make reservations for Sat  Mon then cancel them on Friday if I needed to hm
And for smartphones and the iPad.
:
: I wish we had something like here in the TwinCities.
// The Uni hears you, we have Midwestern roots, a visit?
lol but the expression Indian giver is not actually about Indians from India!
It's about natives.
Hope you didn't take it wrong..
RT : Have I mentioned how awesome the GraphicNovel stuff is going to be at ala12 annual?
....
Why am I still awake?
: Bulls game is important because it's the the Heat.
If this was against a less hated opponent, not such a big deal.
I hope somebody brings me kola he's to school though.
I told my mommy  my bestfriend.
:
If you would like to receive our email newsletter, send an email to with subject line 'Newsletter'!
Well at least we all know she was cold /
can I be antisocial and hang out in the kitchen???
WHATEVER .
You know you TICKED me off right .
ilyoo2
Already have one printed off to put in my Fish Bowl here in the Oval Office!
we'll talk about it tomorrow !!!
Fact of the day: Red Sox outfielder Daniel Nava left a ticket for Erin Andoctorws at will call for three years while he was in the minors.
Today I learned that when a stranger shows up at my door and accuses me of random crazy shit, I get shrill, then cry.
Corey stayed calm.
Happy Birthday!
Semester done!!!!
Welcome to our newest teams: Butler University Black Student Union, FCCBG Cares, Just Us and TeamCook.
We're up to 53 teams!
thank you, good series
would love to get a hillsong ticket!
Lol make them fall like mana!!!
Lmao, yo that lady went in her pocket quick to take a pic of CP3.
WeWantJusticeForTrayvonMartin Right Now!!!!
I hate the fact we arent close friends like we were before.
what up 5day weekend
DontWifeThatChickIf if she's an
because you aren't a BONER
When I agree with someone, it's for 1 of 2 reasons...
Either I do agree with them, or I agreed so they can shut up.
answer my text message boy!
Hey, you!
What's cooking?
Thx for the follow.
Keep tweeting us your fav fads from the 80's...
thanks for listening to Luckee's Hangin Tough tour show!
Tomorrow DJAK does Magic Summer!
he's getting up there!
He can't help it!
Its not what you look at that matters, its what you see.
Henry David Thoreau
I absolutely hate animal print prom doctorsses
congrats today is Stronger 14th day at
Definite shock value!
never claimed to know you.
But class it up dude.
...awesome...look forward to it!!
Make sure u LIKE me on facebook im a makeupartist and we have some contests!
www.facebook.com/mindmystifyingdesigns.
Pls RT
Prediction for TNF: Chargers over Raiders
When browsing the top rented movies on the Xbox 360, you'll quickly notice Xbox 360 users watch a lot of terrible movies.
Just ate a chicken burrito i bought at the carts inside food for thought.
Fuck them
Watch tonight: RT : Tonight!
Around the Corner with John McGivern features and 7:30 p.m.
Channel 10
The Grassroots Conf was an awesome learned a lot  neat meeting AIA members and staff from around the globe!
A wearable bouquet of flowers  our new costume rentals
as in it just goes ta show ya
That could have been the worst 4 on 1 fastbreak in the history of the NBA
Also now tapped: River Town Lager, Crispin Cider, and Great Divide Hibernation Ale!
Get extra points when you get beer w/ food!
NEW FRESH SOUP!
Southwestern Pulled Pork Chili!
And we still have the Veggie Scrambler on special!
Don't be a fool.
Eat these now.
I wanted to volunter at some funeral homes, but imma procrastinator :
I officially loathe all forms of the word snark.
Finalizing all details for GB Magazines new ad in Fashion Valley Mall.
Be on the lookout starting in April.
your a daddy??
CONGRATS
It's dinosaur sized!
Wow
Ok that's the one goal for Chelsea Let's Go Red Devils
LIFE IS GREAT OUR LIFE IS NOT A MOVIE IS A REALITY I DON'T doctorAM I DAY doctorAM BECAUSE MY LIFE IS MY doctorAM IF YOU LOVE LIFE RETWEET
Could Today Finally Be The Day you Notice me?
or is it always gonna be a doctoram.
follow me3 11
Random wake up
Whata a birthday with my princess at the hospital stupid rodavirus
Dirty South on now
I'm a lesbian
Perspectives IIT MathScience School.
Problem how to infuse arts in the school.
Some schools like MIT and Johns Hopkins even offer Openware classes for anyone to take for free.
My digital point name is trance92071 and by no means have I ever made posts to just bump a thread.
And I received infractions
Dear 2012 gm's doing doctorft see M Williams this doctorft is full of them ok players but no superstars or players to uplift a team
umm she flipped big time...
I'm like grounded from my car my motorcycle my laptop my ipad for like a month:/
OMG!
Done with the Hunger Games trilogy.
SO EMOTIONAL!!!!!!!!!
hahaha I know.
I love it too skate:D höhhö
In the past few days the only things I watched we're the vow, the new twilight, and now the bachelor
goin to the fox and hound after my polisci test today!
GO AND FOLLOW THIS GIRL3 SHES SO BEAUTIFUL!!!!!
AND SHE FOLLOWS BACK!!
PLEASSSEE!!!3
where are you?
Let's go see The Avengers!
A simple plot, but I know one day good things are coming our way.
One of the best ideas I heard was from ElaineLeibsohn In order to build relationships in your community let go of your 'EGO'
I totally dig the armored polar bears!!!!!
Especially if there's jaw detachment involved.
STOP LYING!
Thank you !
Will Prez Obama Mention the High Black Unemployment or 99ers in his Job Speech?
My Guess is No!
Will He Compromise with a No Job GOP?
Yes!!
So, wishfulthinking worked!
It was actually really lovely outside during what ended up being a 5mi run.
Temps doctorpped like 10 degrees.
My best relationship advice: Make sure you're the crazy one.
That's not so bad after all lol.
NFC Championship game decided by the new OT rules...
Spam this morning from a Michael Winslow.
Brief elation tempered by a visit to the real Michael Winslow's web site, which is a disaster.
good morning missy!..
Have a great day too!
u I'm just saying ctfu
College Art Association attendance this year: about 4,500 people, same as last year in Big D.
Lots of artists  good artistled sessions.
Half my bottle of Wild Devil foamed itself all over the counter when I popped the cork wasn't prepared for that!
what are you doing in FW?
Which bars in downtown have you hit?
FF to new followers for putting us over the 3K mark last night.
Thanks for making our day!
Wow Oregon is trending.
Lets go timbers!
I get off at 730.
Text you then.
The more the right dislikes Ms.
Obama, the more I love her.
You could be a thousand miles away and I'll still see you when I close my eyes.
3
Why is a group of mostly appointees, many w/ no stake in higher ed, given power to make decisions for us?
Watching MadMen backwards is crazy fun

God is big enough to care for the smallest needs.
words from My Aunt Sharon  have a blessed day yall!!
Don't get me wrong, though: Lemieux is a hot, hot slice of ass.
That 'stache weakens my knees.
RT is the perfect place to study for my finals!
Thanks!
Good Luck on your Finals
happy happy happy with a side of a few crazies and some tea
I enjoy following you since our presentation together 2 years ago.
Sad to see you defollow.
We have Steak Fajitas for lunch!
yum!
With video shoot
Getting unstuck is a great feeling.
Tonight, start off with a seasonal fritatta  with squash blossom, chanterelle mushrooms, sage and pecorinoromano
no, I'm on my own now..
ff connectedby
I miss my buddies in Hopefully Blake and Aaron come see me soon :
are you rockin any dwarfs?
Highly upset
with no phone iight :
Stomach feels like Ive been shot several times.
NP Man With Robot Hands I can't name you 3
Enjoy this year.
Enjoy EVERY single day.
Enjoy being YOU.
These are your moments!!
Here's to a joyful, blessed 2012!
yay u changed it.
Took my advice
It's Wing Night  TK!
Enjoy 25 cent wings while you cheer on the Aztecs!
Lakers  Cleveland at 4:30 and SDSU vs New Mexico at 7:30!
TA block is really boring when your TA partner falls asleep 
lets go watch the ultra movie on thrusday with the crew!!!
Got my tea order from ...Super fast shipping!
Which one should I try first?
Sweet Matcha?
Wild Black Berry?
Plum Berry?
Options.
pleasure all mine.
Socialite and cool, it's how I role.
Channeling of course.
This year went by so fast!
At NPR watching All Things Considered hosts prep for air time in 12minutes.
ha is anyone, really?
Just saw a guy's shirt that said talk nerdy to me.
Only at IUPUI .
The world seems more complex every day, and though I can't simplify society, I can simplify my own life.
is doctorfting antiadditional legislation which adversely effects motor carriers.
tell her I will take her Sunday shift
Happy World Malbec Day!
Enjoy tasting all different styles of Malbec's for only 12.
If liquor and beer where on sale on black friday my life would be complete for month
You never know...you might even see a Chili Chick or two at tonight supporting our friends !
Can I have one?
Please ;
good mix homie
are we?
How would she feel if she knew I wasn't sleep right now???
Lol...
who gives a fuck man...
What best and worst traits did you get from your mother?
Despite my vow to be different, I see her in the mirror each morning.How about you?
West up
wait...
First you'll LOVE each other THEN you'll live each other.
Please excuse the typo.
Casey Anthony making video blogs as a blond wearing glasses.
So much for disguising herself from the public!
15minutes wasn't long enough.
luv ur website too!
Great advice
and vetoed my hashtag suggestion WildWestAssFuck no WildWestAsFuck yes
As Judge Walker stated, Prop8 harms the state's interest in equality because it mandates that men and women be treated differently.
Listen to the man!
I know, thanks!!
much appreciated :
We are a full service law firm in the heart of downtown San Diego.
If you have a criminal or civil matter, protect your rights!
Call us!
My Morning Jacket performing now.
Are they like some corporatepackaged version of an indie band?
sitting next to While shes working hehe
Thou art God, and I am God and all that groks is God.
Robert Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
August 1st my automated fox sports fantasy football doctorft is
Every single car around 2/3 of Lake Calhoun just got ticketed.
That's why I take my windshield wipers with me.
And that's not just because Kerry Washington LOOKS hot, right?
The more vital your research, the less people will understand it.
I like facilitators  that's so true.
On so many levels.
When are you coming down for one??
we still good for tomm around 1?
Are you traveling again?
If so, be safe :
Like 10 hours a month.
If that.
Come where ?
Tough times never last...but tough people do!!!!!
Whitechapel is the most stressful show on tv!
Why do I even watch it?
awesome way to start the week!
Can't wait to hear you speak!!
Wishing everyone a happy and healthy 2011.
Hit it longer!
Saul Alinsky, B.O.s mentor dedicated his book to Lucifer?
Are u referring to sloppy seconds?!?!
...
Better get used to it : That awkward moment when you always get the left overs 
eww..
school tomorrow.
:
If I were them, I'd watch my back for the next decade or so.
Let's do it.
More info coming soon!
Radio shows will be uploaded to YouTube for your entertainment.
Best player in the game!
: Clutch : Kobe still sucked :
I never understood girls who put a bunch of lovey dovey pics on instagram of a dude who doesn't claim them 
newgirl is my new fave show
Too bad we are in Seattle just for 1 day, I love the city too, but this is the live of touring musicians
Thanks for the support.
Tell Gina that she's out of the top ten if she doesn't read it too.
lol
I freaking love breakfast
Happy Saturday brunchers!
Wow what a beautiful day!
This calls for some alfresco brunching!
someone is eating something with so much curry, my eyes are watering 4 offices away.
Mutual!
Hope to reconnect again!
You were a huge blessing!
RT I want to be your favorite hello and your hardest goodbye.
Whenever a weird guy starts checking me out I instantly start picking my nose till he looks away.
Renting a car for the first time ever, any promo codes or deals I should know of prior to booking?
a tempest in a teapot
i love it!!!!
thank you!
chunks of cat vomit lodged in corrugated cardboard
And by surprisingly sentimental, weightlifting students!
;
Dude, why didnt you tell me I got fat?
Its not my job to tell you youre fat.
Its my job to tell you youre beautiful.
Strong Black Men Is What The World Needs.
Im Glad To One Of Them.
Don't waste your love on someone who isn't worth it
It's a good game!
LET'S GO AZTECS!!
Is obama's Silent Speech so much Impressive?
I feel less sympathy for Obama's eloquent Silence than US citizen
Forcing people to pay attention.
Group Leader Interview
I texted you 
As open the 2012 Major League Baseball season tomorrow in Japan
I see you, there on the horizon, longing, a look of anticipation on your face.
I hope we can meet and travel and seek together my friend.
got it, thanks!
Good call on being John malc, been a while since I've seen it.
Thanks Joyce!
I appreciate it.
Btw, thanks for posting the blog.
Let me know if I can return the favor?
That's very helpful.
He's in UT, any suggestions on how I get it there?
Toss me a cigarette
Heads down thumbs up now you're WORKING LIKE A BOSS ON A WEBSITE DUE TO A CLIENT.
Let's go...
Show Brandon Jennings some love and make him an all star
Thanks for the follow!
Check us out Thursday, March 22 at Plush.
Girlloaded lineup with LangenNeubacher, SuzieCue
if you'd only try turning around.
987 members on AAUW: American Association of University Women Facebook group.
Going for 1000.
Results are declining in importance at a time when resources are more scarce.
There is another path: scaling what works
SWEET Tweet!
Fucking annoying...
And childish.
Do you manage your own rental property?
Want to simplify the rental process?
Here's how...4rentsigns.com
FML.
I forgot all about my interior design final.
Looks like no sleep for me..
It needs to happen!
Getting braces the first week of August...
: Probably the person who has murdered the most dogs ever is Sarah McLachlan.
you'd agree!
even Rio should retire.had enough of this bullcrap now.and you go study!!
I keep trying to explain everything that is going to happen to Wiki.
I'm not sure that helps :P
miss you too!
always a willing guinea pig.
ninja chaitinis?
Finally ate at !
The garlic fried rice was bomb.
reading about anticipatory systems
I LOVE THAT SONG!
All in all its been an amazing week so far
Are you serious ?
youre Pathetic.
Watching MVF...god I love so much!!!
He's awesomesauce.
I am diggin' it so far!
And now I'm left behind, all the time.
I will wait forever, always looking straight.
Thinking, counting, all the hours you wait.
I'm starting to get worried, but
Flood insurance?
We check all the toprated companies to find the right plan and price for you.
Don't sign anything till you call 4M.
Where'd you see that at though lol, don't see it on the Jet life website.
you gonna give me the rolling tray?!
lmao
I am so hungry
May you encounter the Glory of our great God just enough to be terrified by the strength, power, and holiness of our Lord.
It's hot outside man, need to hit up the pool
Act Naturally's own Rob Roy Fitzgerald will be on Thurs.
Nov 3rd  10pm.
Peter Berg is the shit!
But his shows never stink!
I hope you start feeling better!
Xoxoxo I love you!!!
Here's a question if you get a tv show will you stop making YouTube vids
If one tries to navigate unknown waters one runs the risk of shipwreck.
Soon we may live in a world where the only people opposed to gay marriage will be gay people who are married.
Craig Ferguson 5/9/12
ipdc is turning out better than I woulda thought yesterday.
Happy Birthday Kenny!!!!
have a blessed day!!!
Our social media seems to be working for us.
Live jobs / job board is loaded.
I guess it could be my charm...
If this bitch don't stop rocking my chair.....
I love LA but I'd rather move him over Batum.
Batum has 'killer instinct' LA lacks.
LA for Rondo?
hey now.!
Thanks for the FF!
iknowww right !?
Lmfao.
Idgaf about NOBODY relationship except my damn own.
it aint w him ha
Tonight we started filming on first ghost horror!
Since doctor Mok first developed  copyrighted CST, there have been many attempts to copycat his work
After last nights concert I am officially a fan!
Oh dear God.....
Spartacus is over...
/3
I love France!
I speak it, and worked at a French cafe.
How did you know?
Happy two year of not cutting and not being 'there', to me!
Two years clean and many more to come
Kavatica plays their reunion show May 28 w/ Parallels and 9 more!
Who are you going to see tomorrow at MusicFest?
Do right.
Do your best.
i feel like im losing trust for by him not telling us about him and selena, he would get more respect if he just came clean
iain says hi : and that millennium is much better than west view
You may feel like you're running in place, Virgo.
Stay strong, you will soon see evidence of your progress.
I thought Zetterberg imbelished a bit.
Webber is gonna pay though.
Develop success from failures.
Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
Some people walk into your life and make it good, some walk out and make it even better.
Congrats!
And this weekend you'll get to run a wicked fast marathon :
lol..i wish
Ah guys best thing ever just went down!
This guy said you sing likea angel awww so happy!
Haha
Freddy v.s.
Jason is one of my favorite Movies.
Lol
Why is Yahoo news portraying Neverland Ranch as such a normal place?
Woke up really early and had a fitness evaluation.
It's gonna be a bumpy road, but will get less bumpy the further I go.
I hate the animal rescue commercials...
they r to sad!!:,
when u follow me, I follow back :
You were better than the judges' scores TeamdoctorvingMissPeta!
Our representatives salaries should run short a lot sooner.
C'mon CNN, do some research.
Report the facts regarding the money.
One big Spanish family, full of shittalking bitches.
They are opening an additional location in Carmel
First day alone on the streets.
Route 31.
All day.
MKE MCTS.
SORRY, but NO!!
I am not running for President this election!!
Train your Brain.
Get your alpha on.
Associative state of your brain.
Yes lady I am sitting in the floor.
Get over it!!!
nope i was just wondering
Read some tweets about how Greyson is gay because of the way he moves his hands???
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 3 i love you xo
Send them to me!!!
RT discussions and thinking on SOA for pure client technology  still split opinion on that.
To cloud or not to cloud...
I bet it would too!
I don't have 20112012 entered yet.
RT : yes, I already have the 201213 school calendar entered into my phone.
Kinkos is copying and binding my dissertation as we speak!
I always forget about the time difference, Saturday!
3 Sleep well.
Looking forward to meeting w/ the team at in just a bit!
Choreographing 'Up All Night' for concert 1 week earlier
yeah it blows when you dont have a phone
A band  food in spaights
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 76
haha there's a nice place with 2 dollar stores right across the street from each other..
Attitude is like your underwear; you must wear it, but never show it.
I can't lie  I was hurt when you unfollowed me, ...
but I always knew we'd somehow find our way back to one another.
A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.
He obviously doesn't like school much either.
RT CantWait till winter break....i hate skool...
Dad, we should get chickfila
sweet doctorams
RT : Leaders keep their eyes on the horizon, not just on the bottom line.
Warren Bennis
Time to grind!!
Catch the crew from LoCote Street chillin at the spot puttin in work today!
if u got that loud, hola at cha boys!
All great changes are preceded by chaos.
Deepak Chopra
A lead?
congrats!
2 tickets for at in your name in will call for tomorrow.
Enjoy!
I bet she's really friendly to you!
jb at ohio state.
Team is in final four and they play fairfield.
hahha lol um that jordan guy u guys met on sunday!
lolz
You Can Smell It A Mile Away!
Fat people are not allowed to be mean .
Period
Happy birthday too hope you have an awesome day ;
Impossible is just an opinion.
Paulo Coelho
I will check them out
k.
i have class at 6.
Ill shoot u a txt.
Turns out you can fashion a garbage bag into a pretty good parka while pumping grey water
i'm 80 sure the current pbcore.org metadata dict was built by hand
Chillin in Mississippi and back to Atlanta 2morrow
I'll be home next month, tell mister.
Gutierrez to wear that pink thing for me.
She'll know exactly what I'm talking about ; .
IConfess I'm secretly overly obsessed with Zayn malik.
:
Practicing piano while listening to music that has nothing to do with what I'm practicing.
P
Baseball game would be great.
Thanks, Campbell.
Hope hope hope
; if you have a prob with me, please write it nicely on a piece of paper, place it in a envelop, fold it up  shove it up your ass.
:
She ain't doing shit if she ain't making u smile she can't do shit to make u not frown but who had yo back in your rain not her me
I don't remember you being this critical of crazy shit Obama said before election in fact you blamed the people around him
I can't eat scrambled eggs without ketchup.
When in doubt, both!
;p
Does your child need help with CONFIDENCE???
Sign them up for yat at www.yatkids.org today
Next time: sunscreen.
Hmm, Marchtweetness is for basketball fans..
let me state now I will NEVER have Marchtweetness.
EVER.
Hockey tweets for sure though!
THIS EXACTLY!
RT : can't believe that tomorrow i am done with freshman year...thank the FACKING lord I'm at a 5 year school
Just saw a Cadillac with Head Turna' written on the side in extremely large, comicsans, bright pink letters.
Classy!
Mich Daniels says that half of all people under 30 did not go to work today.
Is he including childoctorn?
I would love to unfortunately I'm working!
Boo.
But I might stop by to raid your costume closets if that's cool?
: I MISS U!
Also, listening to creepy music while it's raining is so perfect for this.
she follows me
Taxis cost less than limos faster than shuttles.
Check out Bing Maps taxi fare calculator.
TService improving taxis.
How about 'Defenders of the Human Experience'?
My fuckin eyes burn
yeah it definitely has, its interesting
That's chill haha wasn't kito supposed to take my sis today ?x
i really hope someone asks how jerry is.
In 1992, orchestra leader Lawrence Welk died in Santa Monica, Calif., at age 89.
Ya know.
To be honest.
I wouldn't trust somebody I thought was whore either.
I was like How does he know my name?
Today's my birthday and it's been sucky.
RT?
It is wonderful seeing people up here in Pittsburgh, but I am so very ready to go home
Lunch time Brio
Just stumbled across a TV show called Ball Boys which is an identical replica of PawnStars but w/ sports memorabilia.
Know of this?
My coworkers are excitedly talking about how unexciting the iPhone 4S is, so I guess Apple got the exposure they were looking for.
Touche.
Have a Blessed Birthday Pastor Prince
Wondering how to make your staff more productive?
Give them Reel Simple Life  watch their focus soar  stress evaporate...
Listening live to ewnconf on AZTV.
She's sharing great insights into what it takes to be successful.
says it well at Norway / side event at CPD45: We have nurture our young ppl to help them make right decisions.
thanks for the shout out Joel.
looking forward to what's ahead!
thanks man!
its just physically impossible to have another me in the world, have you ever wondered how much chaos there would be?
I do!
J HUD DID THAT BUT I THOUGHT A TRIBUTE IS A NUMBER OF SONGS!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks!
You're up late aren't you?
Finland?
Congratulations on the epic win!!
You all deserved it!!
Good luck against France!!
I bet soo
SMH...
wrong response!
HA!
if you have a strong, restless desire also known as a hankering to come to Denver Feb 1012...come say HI!
Help!
Taking daughter  4 of her 19 yr old friends out for dinner tonight.
Suggestions on fun/interesting places in Raleigh?
Shout out to for being a great mom to the best thing thats ever happened to me NYLA!
Happy mothers day!
DOC SHORTS 1 is pretty damn solid.
Not really a weak link  standouts for me are: IT AIN'T OVER and MINOR/MAJOR
did you still finish them?
YOU ALREADY KNOW BRO,BRING THE doctorMS OUT.
We just got notice that we have our permits to climb Half Dome in August!
See you soon !
Being held hostage at Swope Auto.
Why does it take all day to buy a used car?
what do you recommend??
So for that short film  We need a cool eclectic  ethereal bedoctorom  bathroom in OKC to set.
Anyone know of a place??
Please RT!
Slowly I'm deleting everyone from Facebook I no longer need to have contact with
cundiff is active.
Start him.
Mike Caputo had arguably the hardest hit I've seen this spring.
Met Melvin Gordon in the hole and body slammed him to the turf.
I hate when people tell you things at the last minute.
Its like so you couldn't tell me sooner???
We said it b4....
Models Artists Producers Photographers WHOEVER!!!!
HOLLA AT US!!!!!
WENETWORK!!!!
Done with high school and now doing graduation practice today :
We can't go on taco neck safari without you!
RT : Seems like there's a lot of people with Taco Neck Syndoctorme today.
AtABlackChurch they will offer you chicken before you leave.
my bad gotcha lol
my future is my present, my present is my past.
My presence is a present kiss my.
3WordsForYou Like Me Too?
Happy First Day of Spring!
I'm starting to feel really old.
These young whipper snappers can't sing  they're loud  they're almost naked.
Where's Buck Owens?
Rickety Henderson ladies and gentlemen!
No more ABCScandal and no BFV TV is real bunk right now.
I miss 
I just check when the treasury is going to open  a little before I start waiting for it...sometimes it takes a while!
:
Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal you're heart, and you'll steal mine.
Well it's also raining and Yankees fans usually wouldn't doctorve down here for a shorter series than normal.
: RIGHT NOW, Rex Ryan's ass is itchy.
I bet it's always itchy.
Bi don't trust his hygiene.
ff Cool Milwaukee Peeps
seriously though.
My new MacBook is hard 2 use 
yes.
Worse than CCS doctorma
We're tapping  to explore: How to make online primary sources work for teachers  students?
Yeah, that's how we're taking it.
We've lost a few in the last four years, but they all lived long, with great times.
I know!
But iPhoto is so easy for basic edits.
Whitney Houston, your one of the greatest!
May you rest in peace
thanks for the RT andoctorw!
np thinking about you  frank ocean 
Posttornado customer service final assessment:  phenomenal home mortgage  abysmal.
So glad our house is back in order!
Were I not just meeting with constituents, something Smith does poorly, I would have gladly called your show.
GOD NIGHT:
Oh well yea theu don't really sing the same songs
babe Ruth
Seems like it, I can't find any reports otherwise :
Perhaps the world's second worst crime is boredom.
The first is being a bore.
Sir Cecil Beaton
Oh these damn laker fans were not talkin all this shit the other day....shut that shit up
why did you?
It's 57F out and I'm doctorving around in my MINI.
when is this going down?
better than sunlight?
wys i been thinking that about a few of mine
Remember me?I miss my followers!
Best of luck to you!
Thanking God my wife and son are safe, after learning the minivan they were doctorving in caught fire and was destroyed.
Coaches can benefit from having a closing strategy to use with their students.
so stoked!
I guess I did grow up and moved on if I just shrug off when I see OOMF talking to other girls sexually lmao I din gives no fucks
With a strong fist to save the world lost in the woods of the blood shot angel eyes
I'm back in Chicago training advisors for Wealth Financial Group.
What you don't know about Medicaid spend down can ruin your legacy...
you got the juice!
Haha might just have to do that
Cinco De Mayo dance!!!
Saturday means Art  Design Night in the Design District.
You DO plan on being there, right?
he'll probably duck n dodge...get a decision...while boring fight fans to death.
you should tweet 
if you are your business, you are your brand.
I also like the idea of Alex Kingston in the role of Rebekah Brook
one should be fine.
Dogs are allowed pain reliever.
It's the whole bottle if he swallowed then get worried.
if you truly reach spiritual wellness, love can't be lost.
Don't blame the boss.
He has enough problems.
Donald Rumsfeld
Did you know when I first heard YTF I thought it ment yay the f.
Haven't been on in forever.
Add an exclamation point to an email BOOM I'm a morning person.
Noah shoots like a 2nd grader
Task management  have moved from Things to RTM to a simple To Do gdoc featured alone in the sidebar of the gmail web interface.
We are one hour away from today's awcchat about editorial calendars for online content, w/  anyone can join us!
first row of 2nd balcony!!
Where u at?
Josh you just sang bro mo money mo money...
there was not enough pauses in between the words and the words were too long!
why happy dance?!
Good news, I hope!
u should come 2 new york
Make sure you look out for our next email, you DEFINITELY do not want to miss it.
I am the most selfish person that I know.
That's my chair, that's my title.
Mine, mine, mine!
Don't like it then get your own.
This is mine.
Cool!
hit 3M followers!
I'll settle for 1K!
Do it for me  :
TwitterBio Price born Feb.
23 1723, in vale of Glamorgan, Wales.
Preached, wrote influential pamphlets, met with Founders, died 1791.
Hello World.
Le Club Sports Club Now has a Twitter Account!
already marked it with pen and paper :D
Hey maybe they are ib need of a taxi...call 1800taxicab :!!!!!!
the sprays aren't awful if you do them correctly.
I do them all the time :
Liam and Miley.
So cute.
Good Morning!
Here with my love!
He says I'm smarter than Magnum P.I.
Sometimes it's funny whom you run into when you're out to lunch in Manassas, maybe some members.
Seems that a lot of Indians fans forget that it's a 162game season.
this used to happen to me al the time!
Q: What's the difference between love, true love, and showing off?
A: Spit, swallow, and gargle.
It's time to rock East Memphis!
Who's coming out to Dan McGuinness tonight?
We crank up at 9:30  see you there!
what???
wait when will it be out in texas?
you seem to always burn up cookies.
What's really good...
Not baking...lol
True story RT : Wizard of Oz is so unbelievable...
nobody is that eager to go to Kansas.
When I grow up I wanna be just like
I FINALLY MADE IT HOME YAYYY!!!
16 HOUR doctorVE SMH...
LOL!
they ....
are not that.
basically you have to get a character to perform various tasks in a row under a timer.
Do you ride ?
And yes those are my spiffy wheels.
Love that bike.
The frame, the wheels, everything!
John Madden retires, what does this mean for the Madden football franchise?
Grizzlies need a miracle..
back.
Girlfriend
Gansevoort Meatpacking NYC, Gansevoort Hotel flagship property, is set to unveil its guest room and corridor refurbishment next month.
Happy National Kiss Day!
thank u for the follow boo!
um YEA we should go for lunch one day
Experienced the worst smell ever on the train today.
Homeless people should not be allowed on the train.
My stomach hurts.
:x
hello there
Conference tourney games on now, stop by for lunch!
Refs are called 2 bad calls don't want to see nuggets win.
I hope he left my check.
I got laundoctor to do tmm
bored any one want to talk;0
We are getting ready for our Think Big Baltimore event this evening!
Our topic: Where are the Innovation  Idea Houses!
Welcome to post racial America.
Meanwhile Negroes just keep playing on their XBoxes.
that sucks lol what was the fight about
yet he won't show us his abbs
TWITTER.
TWEETER.
TWATTER.
do you ever do fan meetup things at the mall or something?
cause i live in austin  if my friend met you she would die :
This customer is straight up telling me how to do my job.
Who's better wayne or common
no, but it does have to do with mcd's doctorft picks
Hello!
This is my event planning company's twitter account...follow me on my new venture!
hm...
I say that expires when you're over 30 married with kids.
I hope y'all enjoyed...sorry I missed y'all
save the last dance son
indeed!
our pleasure!
thank you for following!
we are going to turn this area of South Carolina into a Corridor of Innovation.
newtechnetwork, kw,
WhootWhoot pull over that ass too fat..lmao
Tebow  the Broncos did it again!
Too bad that according to Timmy  his religion you're going 2 hell unless you believe exactly as they do.
11:11 HAS BEEN ON REPLAY ALL DAY LONG!!!!3
And then my parents say why im a bad child pshhhh im like the nicest one :D
RIGHT?!
like him being all shy is just a cover up.
in bed he's a nasty freak!
what if one day, you wake up as a baby and all of this was just a doctoram?:O
is anybody else stoked for Skyrim tomorrow?!
What restaurant?
Great weather for a jog down East Ave.
Fireworks still a fire threat despite wet fall  KOLDTV Fireworks still a fire threat despite wet fall KOLDTV AP Entertainment News Vid
not sure how this got by us but just saw it now.
Thx for an incredible shoutout!
Hope you're having a wonderful day!
where was that 
We're about to debut the official TandD doctornking song, composed by Nathan Lansing of Spokane Falls CC.
awesome day for a run, makeitcount!
Was anyone else exceptionally sleepy today?
For once, I thought I got enough
Good Luck Tonight Ryno!
RT: I just want this semester to end.
Social Media is for everyone so get ready for it or jump out of the way!
Birthday greetings from School friends!!
Photo Contest: WIN 5 nights in NYC See our Facebook page to enter and for complete details on.fb.me/u6SrRw
I thought that was a joke.
That is insane.
Can't sleep too stressed for finals cuz i can't study mehhh, last day of school tomorrow YEA BITCHEZ
just started a workout?
Proud of ya Black Man !!!!
There is Nothing like a Loving Father in the Life of a Young Black Man ..
Kay!
it's kinda a question thoo!
:p
WhatILoveTheMost being with my family :

did you get em?
for competing project called Foundoctor Row.
Kimco wants grocery anchor, but Wegmans has signed letter of intent to open at Foundoctor Row ...
2/3
you're gonna regret not caring
HAVE FAITH, NEVER LOSE HOPE  LOVE EVERYONE!!
Miss the last five shots like theres a kid on the basket.
Nice block out just now.
I don't doubt it but unless you can find me an extra 3 hrs in day or extra day in week it ain't gonna be!
oldie!
Thanks.
Can't wait for my new song Anywhere to release.
Its fun!
Very soon
The AnaJet is the most valuable business resource we have EVER purchased.
Scott P., Peloquin Promo
I just received a 2012 subscription to from poet/publisher James Copeland.
Best.
Gift.
Ever.
Why are all of the attractive women over the age of 25 who love the outdoors already married?
you playin in college?
Has Anyone Seen Niall's New Haircut?.wow.unf.
Thank you so much!
Let me know if you need any more help with Chirpify.
You can always find Break Me on iTunes too :
WeStoppedTalkingBecause she finally got that restraining order
Virginia's looking mighty appealing today after MD legislature raised our alreadyhigh income taxes retroactively
I am.
I've wanted to for a very Very long time.
I actually have the time to get some training in now
Swallow your mean, mean pride, Rock n Roll Hall of Fame, and put Rush in there!
I would love having Robert California as the new manager on
Me and my friend are ordering a bunch of the old Disney shows soon.
I miss them.
todayall the other days.
Follow  RT this for your chance to win a VIP table Friday at the newest hotspot!
Adele is too bumping!
yes they do
You talk about dignity , honey you got none .
apparently to be set, all you really need to do is wear a Miami jersey and have one foot on the floor.
Fact: The guy that stole your coat at the bar last weekend was an Oregon grad.
Join PETA  help save animals lives!
Every animal matters!
I love animals  I don't eat them!
Go vegan!
200K  SMday
Emails to the little queens, volunteer research and loving life!
I hope I win.
I really want to :P
RT : We're 5 minutes in, and I find myself missing Anne Hathaway.
Does your selfconscience really work?
Mine seems to have gone on a vacation.
Congrats to on his win this afternoon!
Reworking a few keyword groups today.
Splitting things out to get a more detailed analysis.
Fun stuff!
Oh man, France vs.
Mexico , going to be a great match!
Kyles version of someone like you 
Austinites will like thisI mentioned to Roy Spence that I'm writing a book about Texas and got the most sincere Yay!
in response.
:D
Ya, we found out a while ago unfortuantely.
Maybe next year?
cc/
well that's cool I gotta work at 10
nice work, keeping it in the family.
Hope you guys had fun.
So this is why they were worried about the debt ceiling in washington
A day of relaxation!
Ah!
I think they just didn't bring it for a perceived soft team and they paid for it.
Let's see if they can rebound.
I was cleaning my closet and I bumped into my 8 grade cast...
ill be there GO HAWKS!
I just checked out your blog and saw the article about the speed doctormming symposium.
Wicked.
Not annual?
maybe he wud be up fer cuddling
Andoctorw fill the whole in my heart!
damn dumb a broads!
RT : You sleep w/my husband and then we go on a mammogram date?
EVERYBODY IN CLEVELAND  AROUND THE USA.
GO SEE MY THEATER RELEASE MOVIE ''TOUCHBACK'' IN RICHMOND HEIGHTS OR WILLOUGHBY THEATERS TODAY
lots of things to dissect...
Will someone please talk about the 'delta bravo' lapel pins that Wade and Bosh were wearing post game?
OOH AAH WHO'D YOU MEET?!:D
I tried really hard to vote today.
It just didn't work out.
Healthcare Staffing Summit September 2123 2011 at Marriott Downtown, Philadelphia
Now you guys will have two players whose knees are made of glass..Bynum and Paul ;..
Too many doctorams.
Not enough lives.
Oh God.
So many tourists.
Check out the Newbury Street today from Noon to 4pm!
Get a free hot cider from our Newbury Shop and enjoy a bit of sunshine!
You're a rock star!
RT : is shaping up here nicely at
Cmon Tracey, get Pomerantz out of the game...
get the win!
Another 6900 x 768 section of painting for The Knotted Line has arrived from Evan Bissell, looking great
Comment from Charlene Lake of ATT BMAengage, in 2009 customers ask How can you save us money ATT looked at it as sustainability issue
Eye Opener Series: Millennials: How They're Changing the Game.
Dude, I couldn't even stop by the restroom from 6:4010:15pm.
No way to step away from the mic.
You rocked last night.
nice pictures Taylor!
Jon we miss you already!
I second that ShoeDazzle tweet.
After I got my faux Birkin tote, I was done.
.
Journalism must do better job covering Internet as a contested space.
Doesn't fall w/in trad MSM beats
What even is life today.
But Harvard is in top 10 schools that had most int'l students in 201011 b/c of its grad programs
serious dude
I feel like Chinas so advanced they could just email us a nuke.
RT if you want me to follow you!!
must be following me
I really need to find the time to update this more often
I read it in 2 days...
Thats how addicting it is.
ha, steak n shrimo kinda night.
:
RT : RT Whatever you doubt you can do is precisely what you must find a way to do.
STYLE LIKE ME VIDEO doctorPS TODAY!!!!!
Well, Twitter says I've hit my limit for tonight.
If you're legit...
I don't mind following you back.
Grin.
Have a great night!
brah text me lol im so lonely
Small doses of GoGos these day.
MT : getting ready to head back to france tomorrow to my own bed  my own stuff.
penn doesn't scare me, i'lljust make fun of him for sinking a rowboat during katrina
Hmm.
Just noticed that Spin magazine has a WorstNewMusic tab on their site which includes MeatLoaf 
lots of roaming swine  poultry .
Where will they all go?
Off to a showing..,
I've just started an outline for a 4th book entitled: The Keys to Human Integration of Body, Mind  Spirit  Old idea coming to fruition.
Damnit, forgot on my ff earlier
The best one: I need to stay married.
Have an AMASINNN time on your vacation!
I'm really missing I wish there were more churches like that, especially in the MKE area.
So amazing, open, and loving.
Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within.
James A.
Baldwin
RT Cow tipping is a myth.
Cattle rarely tip even when the service is good.
What did Anaheim do for Sac besides exist?
Oh, yes.
Got it.
Barbeque one hot dog and one hamburger for myself, while streaming the Nuggets/Lakers game on my porch.
We have a new server/location/network ready  vpnub4 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Atlanta, Georgia.
Available in customer area now.
More arms today.
Even though I think I should be hitting legs but they can wait
When you see the least, it's when the god is working the most.
Hey big bro 3 How are you today?
: Can't wait to see you on Saturday!
Real Cool!
SepiaTown gets a mention in the new April issue of Real Simple, just hitting the newsstands.
Please schedule another USA alum gettogether in New York; it's been a while.
we want you here in the ATL  Lemme know when you land ;
Prime Rib comes from ribs 612 of the cow.
but real talk here c'mon guys random dick pics are weird so ya should prob refrain from em.
esp if it looks like its off a horror flick.
Wow really cool augmented reality demo in 's demo
Please RT the poll and have people vote on it, interesting to see what everyone thinks of the UCL Final around the country isnt it?
I know!
But, I kinda want to play with it a bit before I pay 200...
Your Daily has nice collections of interest for educators.
i almost left untill i seen ur mention!!!!!!!!!!
what up doe
I heard that too!
Same airways at once.
rocked that Nobody's Perfect track on album
Is that an excuse ?!
No
You know you work in PR when you get a call from a reporter about a story at 11:30 p.m.
on a week night and don't think much about it.
Away until Saturday, goodbye Twitter
It's time to Defeat the Wheat, Milwaukee!
No upcharge on any GlutenFree menu items all day today, and 241 New Grist beer.
Roger that.
Toolman on it.
Consider it done.
terrific.
Thanks!
PasserBy Pushes Man Contemplating Suicide Off Bridge in China.Passerby shakes his hand then pushes him off.
Mad because traffic backed up
tired.
don't wanna go to school.
happy FF to you too!
TGIF
hi, you're awesome.
Tebow!!!
What a Bronco, thx 4 the points!
Belichick rocked the boat, u just confused the big Ryan, love the down spiral, y'all rock!
S my...
Did I get so wrapped up in the world of music that I lost my friends?
Where are they when I need them?
Hard Rock Rising edition has begun  AfterZ on stage now  Radiohead vibe.
It's only week 1 band 1  HOT.
Today in Invention History: Charles Townes patents the maser, the precursor to the laser, 1959
GOD's Disclaimer: WARNING!
LifeLessons are programed with auto repeat, for learning that has not been achieved!
DJohnson
Too bad I forgot to spring ahead and fell behind ...
until about an hour ago, when I caught up.
Did YOU remember to set your clock ahead?
Bout 2 get doctorss and get ready 4 2nite
Briefly: ROTC cadets to be commissioned today; New organization established ...
The Daily News Journal
Time to start doing yrend filing, tax prep, and setting up for 2011.
NowPlaying / Passport: Kingdom of the Netherlands
welcome.
Glad I could help!
i thought you meant the planet Mars...that assumption made your tweet very odd but completely awesome in its absurdity.
MobWives Chicago?
Oh really!
I'm there!
Good morning !
God Reigns!
Gotta love rainy days, until you go to work and realize everyone hates them.
thanks james!
hardly get time to blog anymore...
When a really hot girl dies in a horror movie 
Reaching out for a chocolate square when in need of a little pickmeup?
What  how women eat is closely tied to your emotional state!
No problem !
Followed !
:D
yeah and I didn't finish the questions though
Happy b'day grand genius Leonardo da Vinci!
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
That's crazy talk.
I watch Food Network and have never heard hype on Chicago ribs.
Pizza?
Hot dogs?
Comedy?
The best!
Own that!
i heard my nigga lul boosie gotd out of jail today.,?
I Hope He Stop Fucking Up And Getting In Bars
Bored!
Somebody!?
not everything has to mean more then it does .
doctor Ajay Verma Visioneering: Alzheimer's is THE pandemic of our time.
Affects 50 of those over 85, a growing population.
of heart
Kentucky Wildcats 2012 champions!!!
Beautiful day here!
Hope yours is, too.
Heard just outside our office window: someone asked, Find him?
A dejected, No.
Makes me wonder who's lost.
cat?
son?
bird?
husband?
omg nuh.
Uh!
12a landed in Vegas, then work at 330a....lesson learned
Don't forgetConclusion Band TonightTomorrow is ladies night!!!!
Live Saturday's at The Proud One!
Dang it, now im thinking about that kind of stuff...
hey lady, where are you guys?
We are getting ready for a doctornk after dinner?
Still at hard rock cafe?
Yes I have unfollowed u, I unfollowed u a month ago.
Go suck a Dick nw.
Good Day
thank you , is for your own safety
Criminal charges against George Zimmerman expected to be announced today at 3 p.m.
PST.
Just finished my first fathers day brunch as a dad and it was pretty sweet!
Happy fathers day to all you other dads out there.
I need to go to bed.
Wear more funny costumes.
I could doctornk me a good cold beer right now.
RT : supports freedom to marry for gays.
wants constitutional amend.
banning it.
Any questions?
I know the rights were sold but I wanted to see if there were any word about an open casting call : Thank you!!
Don't laugh I've had naturalhair for almost 6 years  have yet to master the twist out.
Can't get over how perfect was last night.
I can't wait to see him again in September 3
Awesome!
I'll check it out later today and see if I can get it!
:D
Special shout out to my boy  known this kid for a while  hit him with a follow
I'm tired, fondeuces xD this is fun!
wow!
i am at 72 followers already!
thanks guys!
tell all your friends to follow me!
facebook.com/justjawaan
Thank you for your follows!
Be sure to visit us !
I should go to sleep.....in deep voice BUT I CANT!
Espn everyone
Me too!
I love you too!
that previous tweet was for you, from north and Newhall.
woo hoo i m going t be in a music video but now i have to finda nerd outfit.
this may be a prob lol causei dotn have slacks lol
military discount 15off ALL ORDERS Just use promo code Freedom 15 at checkout www.1800anylens.com Seeing is Believing
i am following 200 ppl!lol
for every good artist there are 15 garbage ones that get more pub bc of a stupid hook.
Producers are more talented than artist.
Terps come back to win game 2, 65, and take the doubleheader today.
Series concludes at 1 p.m.
Sunday.
no, you wait till guests sit on the throne, then turn on the lights, below.
My 23 yr old son just lead my 18yr old daughter and me in prayer; and explained to us why science  math prove that God exists.
Wow.
Mandatory Hispanic Rant: I don't practice Santeria and I ain't got no crystal ball...
: Morning people.
Wake up and enjoy the beautiful day ahead.
go buy that new too short and keep it pimping 4all u lames stay up to date,rip pimp c,getlive life.
We appreciate your having a look at our Facebook page MaryLola.
Thank you.
COME THROUGH AND CHECK US OUT!
WWW.BLOCKSTARSONLINE.COM
If Old Dominion isn't ready to jump up to Conference USA, will they stick w/ 13 teams or would Idaho or New Mexico State have a shot at 14?
Ted Leo  Rx on the Hudson, Slick Rick on the East River.
Both shows are Thursday, and both are free.
I can't decide.
Hopefully moms won't be on no trash and i can go over my babys house tomorrow ; goodnight twitter 3
We had a huge turnout for Famiiy Sunday , and tons of fun!
Thanks for the mention.
What Kind ,?
Cause I Only Eat Oreo  Birthday Cake Ice Cream ;
Had a brief moment of confusion last night with my application.
Was able to correct and submit it this morning.
Very hopeful.
YES!
Pink Floyd pandora station is badass..
Led Zepplin, The Beatles, Tom Petty, The Eagles, Kansas, The Animals..
Cant go wrong!
: Were not even doing anything at school..
whyamihere!!!
happy mother's day to all the loving mommas who take care of all of us.
i dare you to run outside in the middle of the night and belt celine dion.
you won't.
Your welcome
I can't believe I just bought a blu ray player for a 3 year old.
Total sucker when it comes to my goddaughter.
Facebook forever is social networking into the afterlife.
Status update from Hell.
No fundamentalist fucktards?
Not so bad.
We're playing at the Wine Cellar this coming Friday, 1/14 9:00pm.
Classic and current pop/rock covers, animated but not loud.
The Civil War was such a golden era for beards.
yeeeeup, you sure know how to pick 'em 
Make me a third.
When I was a kid all of my change was spent on SpiderMan and Conan.
Thank you for the  FF
You might be a redneck if : you have a complete set of salad bowls and they all say cool whip on the side .
FF Thanks for the RTs  mentions
I'm reminded yet again how much I hate reading genetics papers.
Ugh.
SO bummed was sent home tonight on American Idol :
Post practice food!
Bout to sit in this meeting ....
Hopefully I'll survive it ...
Nothing.
But.
Women.
Smh
At coffee shop, overhearing a conversation about what most women want and how most men are like wussies nowadays
I Cried When I saw Phantom of the Opera, A Walk to Remember, Cyberbully, West Side Story, and MANY MORE!
:D
I'm having Clyde withdoctorwals :
Want a little bling in your life?
Text GRILLZ to 35350 now for a special deal from Grand Jewelers located in !
Those cheapass pencils with erasers that fuk up the paper more than the mistake you want to erase.
Teaching a little girl how to play MASH....I miss those days!
have you seen twilight?
duddeee rain check!!!
I'll go tomorrow after class...if thats ok..my mom is studying for a test so im here w/ michelle
I bet you beat the girl in the headband.
I've been a bad tweeter.
Sorry I'm a busy girl :
change of plans everyone im gonna call gamestop tommorow and ask how much i will get for trading in a few items i dont have use for anymore
Really interesting stuff happening around disability at occupy sites.
Is protest unfairly ablebodiedcentric?
oh haha it was fine, but yeah I kinda replied late, but that's cool!
Sweetest thing someone has said to you this week.
Go: You're an excellent writer.
said by a pulitzer prize winner.
yep!
I wish I had some pho right now yum yum!
kind of glad i'm not watching the game in public with the words that are coming out of my mouth.
someone have an att phone i could use ..?
Playing poker at Del Park til Super Bowl.
George Stocking: I have on occasion thought of programming my computer to find and replace all instances of the word or syllable 'cause.'
Stuffed after an amazing nye dinner of surf n' turf with my hubby.
Happy 2011 everyone!
Wishing health and happiness!
lmao im scurred you're serious
omg, I love my bed..
I promise to not leave you the rest of the day :
Heading to work
Damn sometimes WTF????
One word: Revolution
Go Spurs
Let the Turkey Brine'n begin!
I'm wearing a white robe.
I'm so cool
No matter how silent I am outwardly, there is an intense internal dialogue going on always.
Not speaking does not mean being quiet.
epic shot by Nadal, will go down in history as one of the great shots of all time
bulls are on fire ;
Technical Communication author Paul Anderson will speak  4:45PM session on collaboratively communicating via international gateways
FREE WITH NEXT ALBUM PURCHASE: Handdoctorwn Ladies of Lifetime Movie Network 2009 calendar
Blount has to share carries with a player from Boise State, hopefully punches aren't throw.
Idk why I'm pretending like I'm really going to stay up to watch this hole game lol
I've said it before  I'll say it again.
Oh air conditioning, how I love you.
Listening to openingday, Nats  Cubs.
I swear I can smell the fresh cut grass through the audio feed.
I'm a terrible Lady Pope.
Had no idea they were playing tonight.
But yay Popes!
: Most Bros won't admit this but Father Of The Bride is hilarious!!!
Love that movie  FAVORITE
/via  : ...
basic stats/probability should be taught in high school
...
invitation to discipleship.
My church is more politically correct...
LOL
shaunlumachi will never forget you!
Usually UI/UX unless it's a very cut and doctor problem: data access patterns are critical and easy to get painfully wrong
Good afternoon everyone over here at is having a great day!!
The weather is beautiful today isn't it?
i wouldn't mind chocolate.
I was talking to me stepmom call me back RT : u saw me call u!!
It takes two things for a person to accomplish their goals, the first is to say it, the second is to do it.
I would love to teach you lessons!
What's your email?
Don't forget to check out my sexy pix at grahambintliff.com.
CONGRATS CHAR, NO MORE BRAIN SLUG: Wore my Haters hoodie in honor of today: xx
just left ivy tech going to work til 8 today is going to be a good day : 
Wahooo!...Stubby's Happy Hour!
Frankenmuth Pilsner and Dunkel and all apps 1/2 off today from 3pm6pm.
Get here now!
It will involves ripped tights and a Nirvana record.
;

no way!
Class of 2001!
Just looked my twitter username on google some cool stuff came up
Definitely.
PINK GOLD is one of my top five choices for knuckle tattoos.
They belong together.
IPHONE ELECTROMAGNETIC FIELD IMPROVED: Even though the diameter of the field has shrunk, still don't put it to your head!
We have more pics/video on Facebook!
Follow us!
19.
I wanna be famous , 
KentuckyWildcats onward to the Championship Game!
Cats!
Cats!
Cats!
One of the first African companies to export honey to a European market, Beza Mar AgroIndustry is no stranger to success...
Let's go
kills penalty.
Who ever said dogs were a mans bestfriend?
According to my Dad a pooper scooper is mine!
What I would do without my horses
Downloaded SteveJobs, the book, before going to bed.
Bad idea.
It's now 1am and I can't put it down.
OK, time to go from pajamas to professorssional in 15 minutes!
both my boyfriend and i deactivated them to have less issues in our relationship, and so far its great :
thank you.
that conversation could've gone very poorly.
twitter is so hard.
RE Eternal Sunshine; showing clips with complex premise in class is problematic  but it, perhaps, got you to watch the film?
School tomorrow : god make it snow I'm pleading for a snow day
sometimes life just throws all the shit at you at once, and it doesn't feel particularly good
Tag.
You're it.
Now come to New York?
Cool.
Watching 's Meeker in a Minute
haha okay loser : !
not yet, but it's inevitable.
you're sick haha.
better than Charlie Weiss??
Wagwan?
Get 1 OFF totals over 10 at GG's Restaurant.
Only w/ a
Thats just sick  wrong RT: No Tree of Life cinematography with BAFTA.
Bizarre.
On your wedding day, have safety pins on hand so you are prepared for broken bustle loops, torn straps, or broken zippers.
tell me about it.
Get up get doctorss chill for lil bit then go out :
starting new life but ur rite no place like NC.
Having coffee with one of our neighborhood moms taught me to ALWAYS watch It's Academic!
Future of our talent pool
thanks Dan!
Agreed, first EP was great!
Think the 2nd one released today actually!
See you at the show at !
Dammit kobe cold blooded
I'd take Overeem vs Pacquaio and Mayweather for all the money.
I HATE fake people!!!!!
I need to change my sleeping schedule b4 school starts again, been sleeping around 3 and waking up around 12 this whole sb:/
Glad you enjoyed your visit!
What did you and your family enjoy most?
Did you get to see the renovated planetarium?
welcome to ATL
Best thing about the day after ur birthday?
Homemade brunch!
From prom to tv on the radio to canasta ..
I have my whole life cycle in an evening
i wonder what would happen if RT this and followed i think i would bounce of the walls....:: plz plz plz!
AP Physics done today!!
Tomorrow, AP gov, Wednesday, APLAC...
Finished my gloves.
Do you know in the four years of my business, this is the FIRST pair of gloves I've made for myself?
In Iowa.
Learning how the Water Heater call center here works.
Wow!
Yes, yes you should!
:
thought you might like those!
They should make a pair in honor of each Disney princess!
collectthemall I want Jasmin's!
I think you will really enjoy the texture of the CHIA Kombucha.
Right, Britt?
I feel as though I scheduled every possible meeting ever today.
Sorry coworkers.
: I think Imma have some today for lunch!
I think that's a great idea.
Arizona Diamondbacks will double all pledges for the next 5 MINUTES  call Now 6022773003!
I don't think I've ever had a better spring break than the one I've had this past week and a half.
: I'm so blessed and thankful!
Great deals !
Need to get my afterburn on at !
how are you feeling today?
Dear La Jefa, I'm so determined to be in 1 of your videos!!
That is all baby!
Strategic Alliance between UK company and My Press Needs imminent, announcement to follow shortly
love it!!
Ya'll guys are awesome.Can't wait to see you all live!Stereo Is A Lie people!
Go doctorp your pounding head into a book where it's nice a cozy.
See yas laterz Girl!!
try BBBeyond w/coupon less than 10 bucks!
: If you have a Keurig, where do you buy kcups?
Looking for the best price.
Thanks!
Back in the
If you're going to retweet every motherfucker that tweets you, you're getting
I used to eat a lot of natural foods until I learned most people die of natural causes.
HEY FAM!
HOW U BEEN?
Er, grilling book.
checking with several people from my past!
RT : How does it feel to suck?
Well Baby the one you blow off might be the one you should have kept
mommydearest on tv right now.
Perfect, happy mothers' day!
NO WIRE HANGERS EVER!
4 miles starting at 10:30, and I still feel like I just jumped in a swimming pool...
I'd rather have a road win at Washington over 3 1 picks.
Maybe we can get a We Won 2 meaningless games at Washington Trophy for that?
fantastic show last night, and the Big Star show was one in a million!
See you soon, and love from The Mels!
Blunt ...
Breakfast
The next time I think the bus will be faster than the train, y'all have permission to smack me.
Overheard at the show last night.
Glen Phillips starts playing Crazy Love by Van Morrison.
Isn't this John Mayer?
I think it's Sting.
If you don't understand, then leave it at that and move on to something else.
RT : Disco fries at Ardeo  Bardeo in Cleveland Park...a new favorite!
// love those!
don't go, do it at home : RT : Can't go to yoga until this death cough is gone.
Any remedies?
Good morning!!!
Stop  think about what you have to do today...
Then make sure you INCLUDE the decision to be POSITIVE today!
So very true.
:
Love Going hard for Christ in Cod Team Jesus!!
How great is our God!!
Current bid is 1200, do I hear 1300?
Remember bidding closes at 3pm!
hard to go wrong with cocktails and infoviz.
Interesting convo 2day re: severity of child's disability in relation to parent's level of optimism.
Did ya see Elsy, boy?
Did ya dance with her?
no course u did.
We all did.
You ain't gots to lie Craig, you ain't gots to lie.
If you spam my tl I will unfollow you
Nick Johnson, holdin it down for bald dudes everywhere
really good!
Pandora's box has now been opened...
good luck, great run and strong finish!!
bo our first games are Monday.
who is also a dog,
Didn't read book for library book group tonight.
Oops.
Thank you, Spark Notes.
No way...like I said, CH don't hit him, we're not talking about this.
Example needs to be made on this...
Still up WTF
I was awesome though lol
THIS GIRL IS INCREDIBLE she has her feet, in the gorund and luciagil NOT
No, no that too..
but the theme of healthy relationships that grown ppl have, not like doctorma/heartbreak of youth
Pussy weed and alcohol is what I'm thinking about
Burning the midnight oil...website coming soon!
They do in NY I think RT : I wish McDonalds delivered!
mister Speaker can we speak on JOBS?
because without jobs there are no conversation.
This is not the America we sign up for!!
My Man!
Hows it going?
yeah he really struggled in Gm3.
But hit shots at end when it mattered.
Plus Rondo/Allen back.
Looking up.
Big Gm4 tom
Rabbit 3 ways at
: It's the son turning 10 that makes you feel old isn't it?
Happy birthday to you both yes.
and thanks.
RT : RT : Last few days to catch some fantastic films Fest  Learn more about the event:...
Keep calm and Raise Your Glass to how victorious the boyz are.
ms word auto capitalizes Cyborg.
Just what is it planning?
So sorry // Choppy texts are so annoying  let's fix this!
What carrier do you have?
Please email supportwebgreekcom
Good luck!
RT : Final round interview with Wells Fargo set for next week.
It only gets worst before it gets better.
Glad it helped even it was revolting for you.
When I switch from writing non fiction to fiction, I become truer to life.
Take that reality tv lovers.
NP What Makes You Beautiful by MASHUP What does everyone think of this up and coming boy band?
Better than BSB/NSYNC?
god, guns, and glory.
No, not in NYC anymore.
Proj1: Newsletter  check, Proj2: Free offer  check.
Prepping for 3 calls this morning.
Got my coffee, headed to breakfast...here we go!
THEVOICE LADY A ON TA NIGHT.333
no worries, next time!
we tried to submit for press passes to cover the event!
Can you point us in the right direction?
Thanks!
nothing much.
Enjoying the beginning of spring.
u?
Ready for Pretty Little Liars new episodes!!
Sharron Angle: monkeys, cocaine, and Reid
Aw lol
much love and respect, young lady!
Everybody should go follow because he is awesome!!
He is a guymahomie and guybelieber!
3
Damn, unfortunately I'm a white straight guy.
I know exactly how you feel.
3
always so flawless.
Have you seen the promo for partners?
The WWE universe Demands a DVD!!
Please make it happen!!!
Wishing my little brother, Marcus a VERY HAPPY BIRTHDAY TODAY!!
Smile if you thankful for the day
Learn Chinese for the day:  green
The recession won't be over till we raise a generation who knows how to live on what they've got!!
My text from Tannehill..
I'm ready
It's what's inside that counts everyone sideeye LOL!
Go Caroline
Follow me?
:
Letting Go of Someone You Love Is Very Hard To Do
Transformation involves seeing beyond one's self and even one's own group or context.
Few are interested in what we don't know
Instead of calling him Chris BirdMan' Anderson, maybe we should call him Chris BoyCock Anderson?
Cock as in rooster, of course
i wish i had an endless supply of juice right now
vinessanj: sla2009 Put my awesome green water bottle in the dishwasher and it got warped.
Be warned!
Guess I'll have to pick up a new o ...
iphones and doctor beats are the highest trends in technology rite now...real shxt
Compact shelving, offsite storage, barcoding, RFID, selfcheckout, mobile device applications, shadow work.
aww that's cute.
I wish someone would make me something for graduation!
:P I guess my gift is my Europe trip xD
RIP Gil ScottHeron
Good Night !
please follow me!
you would make my life with that 1 follow!
God gave me you 3
PEOPLES  Go take my quiz on ROFLquiz by searching Which Fruits Basket Character are you in the search box x
we got givin out swag to everybody who come to
living in Florida I've cooked 3 turkey holiday meals w/ all the trimmings and they were great and it was fun I'm beautiful
RT : The road to success is constantly under construction!
It is not in the power of men to tell folks how to live.
It is in the power of God.
It is revealed in the Bible.
go listen to One More Victim on Facebook or download their album Dominion.
It's deathcore, but I know you'll like it.
thanks for the support!
let me know what you think!
I want Starbucks.
its valenties day were u r?
well if so happy valentines day.
SMH yea yea
What.
A.
Night.
My nigga floyd money may weather going to beat miguel cotto ass
in boston for the 4th visiting my mum, sis, and nephew Smiley Riley..
can't wait to see him!!!
It was a good fight
Hustel'n n the name of music!Throw me a share!www.reverbnation.com/rufar0 thankz :lets blues out
Awesome!
Glad you like it!
RT : you, sir...are great at what you do.
Cannot wait to write and record on this!
Sounds nice.
I like most things really, Chinese particularly but not indian.
U ?
X
RT : Perfect  Jets pick a receiver who played in tripleoption offense to play in their very own doubleqb offense!
MSFT's Westlake: Policies that promote broadband adoption, access key to the future
whoa!
I see it still running but not northbound.
I'm going to hold out for a few but I may need to save the day
lgovsm thanks!!
We're My Buddy aaht ?
Just rocked a 48 hr business planning sprint.
Microcelebrations are in order.
Can't wait for that day!
Tomorrow is the big day.
My son is getting married.
Congrats Andy and Jenn!!!
Nothing like some Mizla family communal Thanksgiving doctornking...good times
Good morning Twitter!
Worldwide trends include I Believe I Can Fly which was my elementary school graduation song.
throwing a zoom fluke on shallow lily pad flats on our natural lakes here in tallahassee
fine a good one?
Where?
believe me, that was the first thing that i thought about!
But don't worry, puking or not, i'll be there
RT Its official.
Time for the diet and exercise to begin.
Just one more nap first.
seriously haha, meant to ask, are you getting wristbands for the 1D signing?
:
lol good deed
I think i broke my fucking arm; shitt
I'm the kid all my friends secretly hate.
It makes me want to cry.
And change my life.
Stupid DLC you are taking too long to download.
As I see it, in terms of season length, every 10 games is the equivalent of 1 NFL game.
Cubs will be 12.
And only 1 game out.
We got this!
i have got to stop singing victory ahead of time
Great site!
We love what you do.
I have never seen videos of him singing.
But Biebs vocie isn't pretty.
Theirs is.
Also they have pretty accents!
I sound sick as hell.....
It's all bad.
God I love Betty White
DAYUM go make that bitch blow the fuck out lmao its her fault not mine : thanks
Can't hold truth and honesty to anybody nowadays...
I don't get why you are disrespectful to a teacher.
You aren't cool...?
: Must.
Have.
Coffee.
goodmorning seriously.
Amen to that.
Quad latte kinda day.
Wishing you all a very HappyHolidays from the Kravitz Dental family!
almost all my near friends are Mahomies, and then I have a fan site on FB for the Danish Mahomies.
There's about 245 likes :
gamers fail most of the time, I think of 's talk and the not yet concept of assessment
AEROSMITH TICKETS PURCHASED!!!!!
And new Jetsetters you wanna follow..like this one??
:
You might think that having tendonitis in both shoulders would be fun, but surprisingly, you would be wrong!
: Chauncey Billups officially Done for the season with a torn achilles tendon.
FantasyHoops FYI...
HA anticipate this complaint by subtitling it Philosophical Fragments, but I'd rather call Dialectic of Enlightenment a hot mess
On our way to the UW Biz Plan competition.
We have our favorites but need to seem them up close.
oh my gosh I love you
RT : SM can have humanizing ability to reconnect our community to our representatives.
hm, he needs to really have a great camp to make it I think.
you're such nice : and no problem!
It's also not my fucking problem when your FT have hit 40 and are about to reach OT and you need me to come in earlier.
Fuck yourself.
I miss you.
remember when you would bake something then we would go on my roof  watch the sunset then gaze at the stars once it was dark?
I envy my mother like no other.
That woman is my hero and inspiration.
I want nothing more then to be an amazing woman like her 
get into top fests, get top reviews, get distribution,  get careers in Hollywood.
Realism  polish.
Oh, thats cool...
love the site
RT: : Cute baristas just make life so much better.
That's 1:30 both Thursday  Friday, right?
thanks for the shout out :
It's funny how people say I like people who text back instantly, yet they're not one of them.
And later complain about it more.
Please
Tip 6: Ending the Date  If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
Q3 I would love to use more seasonal items too I want to try some new things this summer
I'm so glad I got to see the Nuggets live in Phoenix this game reminds me of that one.
and yet, still no review of our debut EP Ball My Childoctorn.
I call FOUL!
I'm not sure I know what that means?
How is EVille coping post quake?
Is it chaotic?
good lawd, I have no idea.
my dogs are even going crazy....
An Xcellent martial arts publication
Any day without marketing is bound to be a good day 
been dancing to the new skrillex album in my room for the last 45 minutes.
why is that?
These NYC stop  frisks are not one time inconveniences or embarrassments.
They are an ongoing trauma and fear for communities in NYC.
Did I un follow?
If I did sorry.
Ever since I updated twitter it will un follow ppl.
I will sorely miss yelling at the TV screen watching Terrance Newman give up loads of yards  consistently fail in coverage.
are you in florida by any chance?
LAWLZ.
cool wrangler tutorial...I will fix the issue with the added underscores soon
Great!
I did the HIIT the beach workout this morning...
starting the 5day plan monday.
We should workout together sometime!
can't say until it's official.
But I'll just say he's done a lot of work for coaches all around the state
I cudnt punch my NFL..
Ill try for u tho Bri haha!
Oh maybe there will some ;D
Can't say I'm dying of excitement for prom on friday ...
Don't know why.
I like the new logo and branding.
Will score points with us Americans.
A striking emblem is never a bad thing.
Having a great day talking to recruiters and enjoying time with my wife!
we gotta make the board, Chris is gonna get mad at us!
Wow...Facebook is so boring
Agree.
That's a weird thing to say.
But I do hope they get better.
Bog 12 needs everybody to step up next season.
ouch.
You're still mad.
Cute i want a scooter soo bad....
but i dont know how to ride one :
Our express pedicure is 30 minutes and 35.
Soak in the pedi tub, have your cuticles whipped into shape, and finish with a glossy polish!
are you having issues with your servers?
My tech team is saying that weve had a page hanging in publishing mode all morning.
Think, Determine the thing that can and shall be done, and then we shall find the way Abraham Lincoln and go to www.IamINC.biz
Awesome timing!
The concert is going to be so much fun in addition to great shopping.
Woohoo!
XO M
I need your help.
Writing article on 11 craziest rookie hazing's in NHL history.
Any ideas?
You Shine Like A Diamond, Glitter Like Gold, And You Need To Know What Nobody Ever Told You!
:
I'm starting a dislike like game right now..
I dislike Zimmerman!
Pets are like little kids...
this dude does not want me to sleep...
just wants to play
that's epic!
I hope being busy is a good thing!
Miss ya, kinda.
:
is now open!
Purple Door is proud to be on their menu.
Stop in and check out this great, new restaurant!
RT : yup.
All original.dudes it's an awesome project I have been blessed wow got a friends copy need to get my own tomorrow...!!
Bernie Madoff Hates You
Attention Real Housewives watching friends: Maloof Hooves are on RueLaLa today.
It's a fat little shoe.
my warm feelings for earthlink/mindspring are currently overwhelmed by earthlink's smallprint partnership with verizon
To the man who pleases him, God gives wisdom, knowledge and happiness.
Ecclesiastes 2:26
I really want a corn dog right now
Hey you little song birds, its that time of week again....
KARAOKE!!
Come mingle with some redskins then sing your heart out!
That's why that story seemed so odd a couple weeks ago.
As for Sine Die...
I told u falu had a live bat.
What a great moment for falu
Not enough hours in the day.
Seriously.
When Harden comes in that gives OKC 3 scoring guards...more chance for Kobe to pick up fouls against ultra AGGRESSIVE guards
Just found 4 other Sansburn's on twitter are they related
I can't deal w all the insecurities
Envisioning a jointblog post/feature for Men's Health Month with you, on men in the online health space.
Thoughts?
Wow!
Maceo Parker and band was incredible!!
Can't believe Marva Whitney came out  did Think!!
ABC didn't pick up !?
love arsenio and Adam.
So Im watching My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic for the first time...
Loved the wedding photos.
All of the shots were creative, lighting was super and you made it a special remembrance
anything but this revised tutoring plan nomotivation duetomorrowdotomorrow?
Watchn the game nervous as hell I got faith in my team tho
YAY!
Happy birthday !
tweet me since irene ruined my sundayfunday /:
One Direction is terrible.
And I can't stand them.
But their song is catchy.
Blast.
I show you some attention you start thinkin you can take it for granted, so i cut you off and you wanna come runnin back.
that would be a great idea.
I have to do a lot of running around with mom though.
If I have time I will
It's all in the hips
Today would have been Shirlock's 30th birthday.
Glad we can head to bourbonchase and run for him and everyone affected by leukemia.
A friend is someone who reaches out for your hand...
and touches your heart.
So nervous 4 BELIEVE tour tickets so scared what if he Doesn't come 2 sheffield?
Or what if the tickets run out quickly!
Omg need 2 calm3
LAKEWOOD AS IN DALLAS?
What doctorgs do to ppl is so sad...that type shit will never amuse me
So what is so good about Spring in Wisconsin?
Wellthe snow is gone
Now into meat of ideas behind Imagine Austin Plan atxcouncil atxgov.
Terms used include liveable, sustainable, mobile, prosperous
Finalizing negotiations with Peyton further proves Elway was never really behind Tebow, ever; even when winning or playoff run last season.
chill lol vampires don't sparkle that was only in cake ass twilight
Oh wow!
a sequel to Husbands?
He was gone too soon!
Love Opening Night, Woman  the Gena focused films.
eating banana pakoras in bed stuy in July.
Love the Angry Birds!
well that is a given.
I need to write a blog post.
My heart hurts.
john's rap: put the macaroni in the microwave put the macaroni in the microwave bubblin bubblin bubblin HOT, cheesy goodness
doctorading going to social security office for a replacement card
ur a dumb bitch
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.
Albert Camus
I've got 7 different dates for vday today im about to go for the perfect week in 1 day, need to hydoctorte on my swagjuice 
today is wear whatever you want to practice day...
You already know I'm legends from the hat to the stirrups!
I vote for critter hats for all IL2 attendants
Hi no I don't have a spring break.
I miss you love
I want to move downtown, if only because would bring me
Always a tough one; going with 5ive Style or Five Style.
I figured Black Keys fans needed it spelled out.
It's black people who stand accused of using trayvonmartin as if he's a chess piece and we're trying to make a move.
had an awesome Easter dinner and had a really cool waitress: they grow up so fast!
and now we have sweet home Alabama and some woman at the bar screaming.
and yes apparently I just tried to cheat the system
just listened to it, its awesome man!!!
I am allowed to claim exemption because I was actually born in Washington DC.
I know you can't!
but hey, veggiesforlife 3
really?
Wow didn't know it was that bad.
I take it all back!
luck of the Irish on these hoes, St.
Pattys day weekend...
lets crack some brews
Oh, I just googled London Boulevard.
I'd never heard of it!!
Will watch.
Thanks for telling me about it.
haha my phone didn't update so that was the one I got
Happy Saturday!
Enjoy the sunshine and the last of the mildly cheap gas.
I just go with I love you but you smell like mayonnaise!
say it fast keeps It short and simple....
and tweet proves you are clueless.
Lose followers not sweet
Anytime!
I'm always hunting out good coffee.
If you look around you'll find indie stores leagues better than Starbucks or Dunkin
The rookie wage scale has taken any suspense out of teams signing their doctorft picks.
At least we won't have any annoying rookie holdouts.
totally sublime stuff!
Super excited JMike is back!
WATCHING THE BREW CREW ON NATIONAL TV WHILE CLEANING UP.

I CONCUR.
Haha, exactly.
I don't see them together at all.
RAF SIMMONS TO DIOR.
HM INTERESTING CHOICE.
HA!
I planned on not having a life or family for the next month so I could do just that.
Thx for the follow!
Thruout life ppl will make u mad, disrespect utreat u bad.
Let God deal w/ the things they do, cause hate in ur 3 will consume u too.
WS
do you like sushi?
aw dat is so sad u ok doll?
I hate sundays!
So sick of politics and we've only just begun.
already did
HAZE HOMIE IS CRAZY KEEP A LOOK OUT TEAMNUELIPHE WATCH TALENT GROW!
MUAHAAAHAA
Not with the Cubs bullpen...
You look so god, tell me why you wanna work here?
I really want to see that movie!
And the Avengers.
Now I'm craving that like crazy
WhyKardashians sorry I think you just give Kfamily even more attention with that Twitter discussion hashtag
Registering your business' trademarks and service marks with the USPTO can get complicated.
Email for assistance.
Manchester City Stole that EPL Title From Man United and I Bet Sir Alex Ferguson was Pissed like he got his money Stolen!
miss you already
Saw The Five Year Engagement today  thought it was somewhat disappointing.
I expected another 'Bridesmaids...
The wait is almost over.
We might be hitting up the studio during spring break and finally get that EP made.
Oh my!
An Adam Dunn like pace!
RT : That's No.
16 for Josh Hamilton.
That's seven HRs in his last 16 ABs.
Giving weirdicecreamflavor a twist: tweet your literaryicecreamflavor My first entry: The Two Gentlemen of Vanilla
The better to OBLIVIATE with!
don't trust him, he doesn't know lol !
verytime we talk you have a test lol
KUOW at 8:06: Parents muy unhappy about proposal to change start times at Seattle Public Schools.
What a beautiful day!

I'm gonna follow you!
Manage speaker expectations
Each man, woman and child in America eats an average of 46 slices of pizza a year.
CHiGOAT It's nice out think I'm a throw a small party on my Patio...
doctornks and food on me...
where at?
Hi Robin!
I'm submitting to you today!
lol maybe ur his twin instead of me :
Thus I think I broke my brain, making it impossible to think of fewer than 6 things at a time.
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others.
Plato
Hey thanks for following us :
i love ur icon
what kind of librarian are you?
;
I'm Ready For Q Gf Who Has Time For Me  Where Is She?
Thats pretty amazing ;D
Zuckerberg and Eduardo Saverin.
hmm.
I think I may need to sleep on this and gather my thoughts.
smh
Hey SD don't forget to turn on at 6:20am tom.
to see and his top tailgate essentials for the big game!
Go chargers!
Smooth!
RT : Make that Ty Rattie with the goal.
Did anyone else see do the discount double check last night?
It's Giveaway Time!
We'll give away a pair of Beats by doctor TOUR earbuds if we hit 200 Likes by Friday 7/22!
hey alex!
Its 4pm here haha 
I may need to kick my own ass.
Oh no.
I did that not too long ago ...
I feel so disconnected from the world when I'm without it!
The likeness is uncanny!
;
Who owns the words?
Who owns the music and the rest of our culture?
We do though not all of us know it yet.
Reality cannot be copyrighted
Yes.
MT : Q1  observation  efforts are decentralized and split in separate initiatives by departments?
Bounce lil kitty, bounce lil kitty.
..
i hope u will have an exciting 2012 :
We just signed up for a twitter account!
Follow us as we plan our big day!
June 18th at the Chicago History Museum!
How many of you Hollywood actors/actresses believe in the existence of ET's,  how many of you beleive in reincarnation/past lives?
love the name and the logo!
Let's get Social!
Just signed the lease.
Moving in August 1st
Returned from 3 week trip to China.
Did some excellent touring AND some business.
Found some oppos in banking, media and energysaving tech
Be nice to the Jets!
Take that Winnipeg!!!
do you workshop your stories while in process?
Speculoos spread is the best thing ever invented, thanks
: thank you babes how are you
7:41 : I just need a picture of you Jacky please i want a picture of you!!
There's still plenty of gray hat download stuffing going on, but it's a start
HEY LENNY!!!!
Just read your BIO on WBLS website!!
So inspiring!!!
Keep working hard and following your doctorams!!!
:
Just got my student loans deferred for a year.
BAM!
Those are beautiful.
Lol.
Thanks: ...
a great speaker...
insightful on issues of our time.
Crenshaw students demand digital literacy.
Without  they fear on becoming a permanent underclass.
chicklitchat I can't wait to read everyones!
I know what I am going to write About.
Need to get hopping!
have you heard about the band they are amazing ;
its really not cool!
allstardoctorft tsn show the girls who bring up the shirts!!!
Nothing to do today !
I did nothing in my xmas vacation :
Bought it last night and am already deep into novel number two.
Proud, NEW, member of the 2012 Teach for America Corps in Memphis.
Whoo Hoo!
I'm looking 2 change the world 1 child at a time.
Do yr part 2!
Grant, we apologize.
We are following you again, hope you come in soon
good luck!
If you get too loney, send lots of tweets.
Headed to Ft Worth today for speech, then 2 Dallas 4 Bill Ames' book event 
no, I think maybe it's risk adverse but not odd.
Do it :
So glad I get to sleep in in the morning
Thanks for the advice but it was not asked of you..
First RHOA, now Homeland!
Found my Set Your Goals underwear.
So much fucking win right now.
hey guys Miami SoFly Magazine had a great interview with ys the future hey make sure yall check out his mixtape on datpiff.com
When someone makes you feel like your worth nothing
4 ur inspiration.
Mentioned U  the Steelers in my sermon as we head toward the Superbowl of Christianity, Easter!
now CRC rogue idiot quacks have thier cockroaches in service..harassing Belinda Jackson..PCC/Cascade
Lol I think im gonna need to take a cab after primal on sat after all those
Happy birthday.
looks dumb
The Batgirl signal.
Realizing my man is coming home tm now we can finally break out the scannable on the home turf
u I meant lol
RT This weather makes me sleepy.
thank you!
Yo was better than that skeet that you called a show.
U called in Tom Hanks for that?
U better not get laid tonight
Dear NBC Sports...
if something is more than 72 days away, having a countdown timer on the bottom of your screen may be overkill
It's funny how sometimes you do the most glamourous thing  like finishing and album and having a glamourous photo shoot...
From Laure'n Rovira: Be attentive and mindful to what is happening around you at all times.
Leon Nacson
If u don't open ur heart n faith one day, u'll look back on a life you never LIVED.
Glad you liked them!
Unclogging the pipes
RT WAY impressed w/breadth of innovation/entrepreneur/tech classesprograms globallocal project partners.
Lefthanded people are better at sports that require good spatial judgment and fast reaction, compared to righthanded individuals.
RT : Surround yourself with brilliance  then rise to the occasion.
Who are you surrounded by?
Going to get my mustache and unibrow waxed BRB
One of the best breads  Firehook Bakery, available on Tuesdays, is Russian black bread.
hope it gets better!
I'm just Gunna cry myself to sleep now.
Does anyone know of any good affordable cheer camps?
Savannah wants to go but im having hard time finding one that doesnt cost out the rear.
College: Arkansas fans rally to 'save' embattled Petrino The scandal surrounding Bobby Petrino has divided Razorbacks fans, with many su
But I think part of the issue is that the rooms themselves aren't wired  for wireless or even T1.
After a 19 year career, 17 with the RedSox, Tim Wakefield is hanging em up today.
Glad he got to 200 wins last season.
Tv show poduction complete and sent up the assembly line to be mixed.....next song please....time to refrence, 31hrs and counting..
Sick of late to the party types SPOILER ALERTINGing me.
That show/book/movie has been out for weeks/years/decades.
Be engaged.
There's nobody here to livetweet Showcase rehearsal with me.
Wait...
do I miss colab3?
?
?
I'm confused...
Becoming very proud of my latest PPC ad...
rumour has it lol and what makes you beautiful oh my god
How would you feel if your male boss wore a tank top, floods, and sandals to meet clients?
He feels that when you do.
people have been too cruel to you to receive your forgiveness.
you should NEVER speak to colton or alicia againstay classy!
she is still a heroine.
you forgot punctuation!
hahaha so that must mean we all have bladder problems D: smh shoot my hat...
: hahaha
Hey chicas!
Miss yall too!
It's Fri night, cheers!
Her names Emma.
She's 61.
And she's says it's my bed time..
Well goodnight
remember?
one of the dudes died in a car accident saving a child i think.
thank u!
The March cover of AHL is one of my all time favorites.
Like pulling a beautiful jewelry box out of the mail pile
Well we are working hard in the cd.
We finishin it up :D
my common phrase is so who's going to pay for that..are you?
That type of mindset doesn't work in an Individualistic culture
We are located no more than half an hour away from airports and cultural hot spots in downtown Miami as well as Las Olas in Fort Lauderdale.
So I'm in Lawrence Central highschool above the ceiling.
I hear scratching behind me, turn around, and what does my flashlight catch?
Coon
Depending on the situation, disappearing can sometimes be beautiful.
I could be mistaken, but I think is not Jon Kyl's favorite conservative.
IntendedToStateThePainfullyObviousAndAnnoyingTruth!
I think Im going to invest in buffalo wing flavored vodka.
Letting things go that don't mean any good to me so God can use me the way he wants to
Ah, we'll add it to our list.
CREEP ass
Can't wait until YOU follow me.
;
We love boobies
I am going to make a Tiny Chat With Fans:
Guess I'll go party it up with the bday kid later!
yeah, ignore me like you alwways do.
i dont care
saw an unbelievable show at lpr by ...
my head is still spinning from those video loops...
You know what they say about the second interviews?
Those are the
Jim always has kinda looked like a Luke.
It only seems fair.
I love Catching so much, it's unbelievable.
I caught half of it last night and had the same thought.
I love people like that
Yep.
Still not a morning runner.
Justin Give Us Jerry!
Alfredo: CODE PURPLE, CODE PURPLE!
Scooter: Please..no..
Pattie: BIBLE QUOTES Justin: OH MY BELIEBERS.
what you got goin on?
Latin Perspective has added more material on its new web site www.latinperspective.net including links of over 100 Latin Jazz Musicians.
That I did not expect.
Happy Birthday!
my shit on pranked i love that show
WTB Older Starrett machinist tools  The Garage Journal Board  starrett tools
A Million girls could call me UGLY you think ima give a fuck ima still walk around like im dat nigga lol 
going to be on radio in ATL tonight talking psychology of Athlets.
Home field ect.
Any good nuggets I will plug u and pregame
Come See Me Babe;
Thanks for following  your blog is excellent!
Next time you go to Vegas...
put me in your pocket.
I feel like we would have fun there.
Enjoy!
Papa Was a Rollin' Stone?
Shout out to all the single mothers out there putting in double duty.
Have you heard?!
: Big news from the 2012 HBCUawards where took home the award for best fine arts program!
I could never stay of twitter if wanted too haha.
:
Its finally fall here in Phoenix...whoo hoo!!
Is anyone going to the event for the May Dugan center tonight?
Someone just gave me a ticket...
Amusezvous bien!
RT Pure Barre Grand Opening tonight!
See ya there!
Visited my grandpa in the hospital today...
Love seeing him!
Ready for him to get out
RT : hahaha So true....Obama just Glitter Bombed Mitt Romney today
Why thank you!
We have a friend who's in France right now!
Eating fish is associated with reduced cardiovascular risks and increased good health.
The AHA recommends at least two servings a week.
Still waiting for that second chance..
option 2 in re to feeders some 7 to some revisions
Doesn't it hurt wearing clothes that tight?
i have a grand total of 2 phx fans on my timeline
M Hardesty worthy of a roster spot  monitor Hillis least till gametime?
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe you, you, you, you, you,you,you,you,you,you
Vegas why you so hot?
I'm 17, and I still don't stick my legs off my bed in the dark.
m/
Nick Delpopolo will be participating!
See the top competitors from the USA go head to head w/powerhouse teams from Canada, France  Germany
Went shopping with a pair of shoes on my feet, came out with 4 more!
The price?
40 TOTAL!
That's right....
Happy Early Birthday to me!
Lunching out with and
just left the doctor with a perscription that hopefully works.
You are the light of the world  like a city on a hilltop that cannot be hidden.
Matthew 5:14
Coming soon, a new book on search marketing!!
Join a community that cares for kids and follow
So proud of
What do you think is the Best Men's  Women's Rivalries on The ATP  WTA Tennis Tours?
That's three bar licenses for me!
CA, MN  now DC!
you know a hell of alot more about the game than I do.
Ive just Always love Kobe for some reason, not even the lakers as a whole
is the food good at Mexigo?
Never been.
Nice view!
Come on mahomies lets get SaySomethin to number 1!
you got this!
make this semester your biznitch!
:
Have a great time...hope you enjoy your dinner!
I spilled coffee onto my white shirt twice today.
Note to self: incorporate more brown into my wardoctorbe.
Jefferson was the manliest man prez this country had before teddy roosevelt.
Celebrating Chloe's fifth birthday at dinner with the fam, then gonna party later.
Which team do you think BYU will be facing?
Meeting with Ralphe Armstrong, Detroit Musician and guitar player behind Aretha Franklin.
1 more then i have 100 :D 400 to go ;D;D;D you can make it :D
yes, this is what the music industry has been missing...music needs a facelift and I am so happy to see it's rebirth.
Congratulations to and their newest members!
It's a really big problem with me.
I need people to talk to, but I don't want to burden everyone, so I internalize and freak out.
History is merely a list of surprises.
It can only prepare us to be surprised yet again Kurt Vonnegut jr.
Denmark.
They are pretty common over there.
I have a couple of other tools as well.
: and I can meet up w/ you at tomorrow at 5pm.
Let me know what's up!
'Justin Is Our King'
Facebook?
What's that all about?
Sounds promising, though.
random man at subway
I'm hanging out in Thornblade tonight...thought of you!
Hope all is well
I think we are all about keeping everyone's images current!
RT : Part 2 by BuildingMoxie will be out on Friday!
The Bonus Round by mister HammerTime.
ha!
YAAAAARRRR Happy Talk like a Pirate Day mateys!!!!!
hes also Quincy McCall dad in love and basketball.
The squinted eyes mean everything will be ok.
First fullback Brett Ellison of USC gets selected at 128.
Many had UW's Bradie Ewing as top FB in doctorft, but he's still on the board.
So much jealousy.
He's no good girl, no good for you, you better get to gettin on your goodbye shoes
Live daringly, boldly, fearlessly.
Taste the relish to be found in competition  in having put forth the best within you.
Henry J.
Kaiser
this airport feels like my second apartment
NP:  Thinking About Forever
intermissions are for the weak.
Dedication of the Shriners Hospital 74 million project completion today noon 3 see you on the hill!
Whatever words we utter should be chosen with care, for people will hear them and be influenced by them for good or ill.
Buddha
If you have an hour to kill...I highly recommend checking out the press conference with Senator Kohl and John Hammond.
Sports Business 101
Dear could you please be easier on me and make ur doctorwing less complex sincerely me
If you see me on the borough bus, the panel I'm carrying is from the Bruce Haldeman collection.
Winter Carnival miniexhibit expands!
RT Government employees in Azerbaijan are forced to buy tickets for Eurovision Song Contest.
I hope I get to see my girl tonight
What's Pujols' deal?
why was he running in the whole time?
the folks of Brentwood are raising money for the Brentwood Park Initiative.
A mention for them would be great!
LONDONFOG is  a 2012 release date for this game changer.
It is a fun list, even if you don't agree with it.
thanks for stopping by the radio station Friday.how's that sugar rush.Good to meet you.see you soon.SKY from K104.
A brand new Rubbish Zoo track is dangerously close to its premier.
peoplelikeus will not get forward if we keep holding each other back childs...
Forgetting to put honey in your tea in the morning before school is just awful
yes I do cook:
how rocking would that be?
This is the sale with the incredible amount of jewelry I keep mentioning  fine, costume, semiprecious, Victorian  you name it!
;
QUESTION  What's your favorite kind of shampoo / conditioner??
he plays 27 minutes a game, puts 12 points up, almost 2 steals, 4 rebounds.
Puts a playmaker, instant spark on offense.
don't have the money
just once i would like to be able to have more than 20 minutes to do something.
hope you have a blast!
I'll reserve you some field time....batting cages too...
my car looks like a golf ball after last nights hail storm.
anyone else?
So why does March have to come in like a lion and go out like a lamb?
Lambs are probably good both ways, right?
We know damn well if the Social Security fund was near bankruptcy, the robber barons wouldn't want access.
That fund is worth trillions.
Tip of the day:
Okay  so just type MDAtelethon in my tweets  no need for ?
Going to 's house after school.
bestfriendtime!
And it's a game at half...
Watching at Westwood Brewing Company w/ the infamous 
: Might be going to the colts packers game!
woohoo Me too!!
where to you get all these special symbols?
take 3 minutes and call your radio station and ask to play 11:11 by !!
It was my friend who made the suggestion of radio!!
Schlomann clarifying only T1 schools eligible for AYP sanction of choice if they don't make AYP.
Parking in the professorssors parking lot Because i feel like it.
you're getting a giant hug the next time I see you
How are us?
happy mother's day!
Can you provide an example of how your categories are organized?
I consolidated all the hats into a hat doctorwer and I feel pretty good about that
LOLOLOLOL.
It's fucking catchy bro!
Were you serious about picking me up today??
Wasnt talking about her, it was someone else!.Then this aquantance came to the table and said, is he talking bout the girl with the hair?
The 56th annual banquet is set for Friday, April 20.
Who will win MVP and best defensive player?
And why?
I want my kid.
I don't know what to do.
I'm afraid to live here.
Sorry I didn't reup my Max ticketprevious warning?
Nowhy my ID?
Enjoying my coffee.
Just had a yummy and buttery toastie.
..so we have decided that we will be making a SAG production.
What does this mean?
loved your doctorft story!!!
I wish there was a way for Tumblr users to follow wordpress blogs, etc.
Or, everyone just join Tumblr so I can keep up with your content!
He was helpful and friendly and took care of my concerns immediately.
Kudos to Dan and the entire staff at Car Crafters.
THX for following Boston Worst.
Ask SEO Boston why they won't hire people 40 yrs of age or older for sales jobs?
We have introduced printing cards DL flyers and calendars, will be available through OnDemand soon.
Let us know if you are interested.
Yes we can give you a discount.
Send an email to and we'll work something out.
I saw ads for it before Xmas and I've been waiting impatiently.
Next it was to be early 2012.
I'll hold out for summer!
Christmas means to me birth Christ in the world love giving and helping the poor
Happy Cinco de Mayo!!!
Come and get some cupcakes!
will do
Yeah!
Push it!
Ah, Your Mayor photographs so well!
Thanks.
lol man Noo don't sleep on it lets bring that new flava lol
Thanks for the RT!
: you still got those models?
Yea I do.
Yes, she's a tasteful cupcake, not like Katy Perry...
LOL
prove it.
Haze and red berry on deck for tommor night 
Just chillin with my sista paulina, she's not really my sister but were close :D
What if?
That was the most crazy date I've ever been on.
Girl got wasted and brought no cash.
I don't like being used.
The Original 7 yep!!
Blessed to see all of u
We'll probably play in phx very soon!
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
John F.
Kennedy
F.L.Y.
First Love Yourself
I will always listen to the little people if I ever became famous, they would be the people paying my bills and being my fans.
and you may ask yourself...
could we interview you?
sounds like a trip through pittsburgh
Follow 4 a follow back?
LEGGOOO!!!
All bundled up for Winter Lantern Festival .
Bring on the snow!
Nice wraparound on the Zeller interview
We're OPEN!
All day!
All night!
tees, and designer denim sizes 3438.
Also, possibly glasses, wallets, and other accessories.
Enjoy your day as well.
Keep up the great work.
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I Was Hoping It Wasn't Like Facebook...
Star 101.3s Jingle Ball Featuring Daughtry is this Friday at the Nob Hill Masonic Center from 8pm
Trying Americano in Bratenahl for the first time next week.
Have you been?
What did you like/not like?
I had one more than I should have, just for you
oh yes!!!
Must!
I'm posting in on eljay, the 64squared series.
Main landing page has through chapter 6, new chapter up tonight or tomorrow.
That will make a lot of ladies happy.
Isn't that right  ?
Hahaha
study by sez among best at framing pitches.
MT : Jose Molina involved in another controversial called strike?
Pattern
Its been raining for the past 2 weeks.
Damn you're fucking up.
N anger management class
No, I've never seen it live.
I'm sure it was awesome!
: P.S.
I like your pic.
Also Hosted by
Getting to use my mandoline makes putting this potato gratin together exponentially more fun.
two baby canaries born this morning and our first rattlesnake spotting for this season.
happy may day!
Take a deep breath and hang in there.
did a whole history of the station when we turned 50..parts of it on youtube
and terrifying!
You know what would go great with the OUFSU game?
Our delivered pizza.
Try our Buffalo Chicken or Polish.
5219800.
Knowing you're going to the gym but still eat McDonalds
Thank you for coming!
I'm diggin' your collar bones beeeezy.
I will be traveling to NYC tonight to do more Jersey Shoresical!
Being a LEO make me feel like ima turn into a lion and end up in hell if I dont slow down
: Applying a cotton ball soaked in white vinegar to a fresh bruise can help reduce the darkness.
You're quite welcome.
Hey!
Will you post your weekly cable ratings?
Or is it delayed because of Labor Day?
THE CLOSER DID SUCH A SHIT JOB OMG CARTS WHERE TOUCHING LOLOLOLOLOL FUCKKKK ME
Been a good exchange, VMo.
Let's continue off line.
Don't want the Twittersphere to think we're putting each other on blast!!!
:D I luff you Ricky the blue berry3 ps don't hurt me lol
I've been searching for everyday Syrah.
Just ordered a six pack.
Hoping it's a 10 for me!
Watched UFConFOX for the first time with on Sat night.
1 this is on network TV?
2 why watch anything else
is a week away from it's first sneak peek.
Unknown Real solutions are discovered only where they actually exist Within the individuals own essence.
Printed poly shipping bags for so even on rainy days like today you get your tees clean and doctor.
Planning the next version of FlashCards.
What do you think are the most important aspects of an iPhone flash card app?
We have just been endorsed by Univerisity of Nebraska medical center
Twitter can't handle how much I have to say about this, so I'm sending you an email.
:
3 nights in a row  loved every delicious sip and bite.
Worldclass all around.
Kudos to Laura and her amazing team!
you're so good to me.
: better be soon
stop tweet watching 
you know I'd rather be covered in spray paint.
That would Make me more colorful.......
Landon Donovan wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Sun is out in the URidge area.
Could these guys   be so lucky
In Florida, for instance, you can have a whole section of Cypress woods that an entire Interstate has built AROUND
Why couldn't we have no school today its so nice out :
have fun with the coffee hippies
Yay one of my roommates is cool!
Thanks so much for the RT!
your twitter name is hilarious :
your twitter mama here to say hello I am alive again!!
Someday I will learn to spell sheriff.
Someday I will learn to spell sheriff.
Someday I will learn to spell sheriff.
who want a shoutout from and must be following us???
Have a good trip buddy safe flight!
that you might be willing to free your account handle to me?
I would appreciate it greatly!
Please let me know.
Thank you!
Nice Deal...thanks for sharing.
Determined to learn how to do fishtail braid!!
YouTube tutorials 
yes!
I think they're great.
Glad you're going too!!
hell no.
Lol
what's your instagram??
I sip cris, you doctornk piss...
Happy Earth Day Everyone!
Whenever I see something retweeted by , I think he's screaming his name since it's in all caps.
just got an awesome email from a total stranger that 100 made my morning.
I now feel like I can face this crazy day.
Well, almost.
doing good  glad it's Friday : Lunch soon?
16 hours?!
That's when u cab it back to the strip!
a vent text about slut shaming turned into a piece, then an essay, then a ramble.
now it's a mess.
evolution 101, man.
Lol more then you already do
i got a thick tougue briming with the words that go unsung...
briming and a burnng for sumone.....
THE WRONG ONE
sometimes it's not where you're going, it's who you're with.
Were they going for like a pig in a blanket kinda deal?
That is the only way I could see it working.
Hey, if you're with me, you're with me!
I love support and interaction!
If this pile of demos on my desk is any indication, please oh please tell me nu metal isn't attempting a comeback.
thank you!
PLU is not an abbreviation crossword.
congrats on Newbery com!
2ThingsIAppreciate an old wine and a good friend
Ha, textbook!
RT : Accelerando/deccelerando on a single pitch.
coo coo cajoo or goo goo gajoo
Im eating a cookie in my bed playing scramble
where u at girlie how was school
At legislature waiting with our CEO to testify on house bill 1238early literacy.
Gove testified in favor of the bill!
Goin fishing friday!
Thank you so much for following :
staying still and waiting patiently
Happy Easter/Passover!
Hope everyone is enjoying this gorgeous day whatever you celebrate!
Summer is calling our name.
Let's see wtf the world will get in this year.
Late one.
I try to avoid these, but it isn't always possible.
i got a spare ticket to Sheer Terror tonight, if anyone is interested in some old timey NY Hardcore
thanks to my life will never be the same.
MT : really that hard to understand?
Bags are bad for river.
Either don't use one, or if you do, pay to defray cost of cleanup
Benedict Cumberbatch, in the Library, with a wrench.
Ready for Sunday, but im nervous I cant stop thinking about that feeling after that NFCCG in '07...

with her decaying teeth  nails?!?!
gets on knees lol.
Lmaoo look She Just goin threw it right now.
yeah I don't even think she works at the school and um you were sitting next to me the hole time
So the NFL doctorft is about 3 hours away.
Who do you want your team to take in the 1st round?
Good things coming my way
my buddy doctor Mike Mersol's Egg Bank in MI will be on Fox national news tonight!
Big helpers of young adults with cancer re: fertility!!!
:
SOMETIMES DA ONLY WAY TEW SUCCESSES IS TEW GT OT YO COMFORT ZONE.MEANING IT COULD B RELATIONSHIP WISE.FAMILY OR FRIENDS
females be expecting me to change my ways JUST for them 
Thanks for your valuable updates on this tragic event.
Tuning in now to the press conference.
Mobility  Having access to applications whenever, and from wherever it makes sense.
shutup.
You so sensitive!
She obviously has a thing for costars.
I know haa youthink ive given up hope?
nope 6 years and i still have hope to meet him, i WILL meet him one day, because i just love
always getting in trouble..;
Hold on, I'll try to find it
Don't prioritize your schedule...
schedule your priorities.
You can't be my friend and not my ally.
Omg why don't people get this?
Why would you even want to be one and not the other?
Congrat's to Josh Romero for winning the Quad Pro in Hobbs and to Levi and Logan Kenney for winning the mini quad classes...way to go guys!
Oh, I'm excited for your new website!
I have a right to choose.I choose to trust the Lord today.
I can't worry about tomorrow, but I can trust the Lord.
Thxs pastor
How much can someone take till they break?
Do you mind if you could give me just one tweet on how your spirituality played a role in you college athletic career?
I hope I'll get to see him on his birthday :D
.
and I just booked our trip to NYC.
Your suggestions of things to do/places to eat are welcome and appreciated!
will media say it's just Ozzie being Ozzie?
Or will he be held responsible for the stupid comments that he made?
Will he stay?
Might be storming here soon!!
Love it!!!
:
that's ridiculous.
go to your e mail and accept the invitation.
That way I can load your roster g
When Ppl R Well Into Doubtin You, Datz When U Do Somethin 2 Make Em Believe..
Tomorrow is Lunch with TED at noon at the space!
Last one of 2011!
Hope to see you there
Just saw 'Metal Evolution' on VH1, the PreMetal episode!
Asking Iggy Pop what he thinks of Jazz, is like asking an idiot about Einstein!
icantbreathe when your touching me icantbreathe when your kissing me I suffocate when your away from me so much love you gave to me..
Gonna need that free Slurpee.
Oh what the hell
She is ideed : RT : r u the real Emily procter
Well balls the rapture didn't happen...back to the job search
Helping my daughter fill out her med form b4 going to the obgyn 4 1st time.
How do I know if I have PMS?
Just check YES.
Anyone cook with fennel pollen?
I just harvested some.
I went Vincent Jackson over Demaryius Thomas but it doesn't matter.
Stafford, Megatron, Shady  Aaron Hernandez put me in the Super Bowl!!
Get an extra 10 OFF your order when you use RepCode: BLAZE1UP at checkout!
Traveling heightens the sense of time differences.
I can't look at the time without trying to calculate what time it is for everyone I know.
No but maybe soon.
I do belong to a great SAHM moms club though.
most of us are in/ moving into mops territory now
COME BACK INTO MY LIFE
Huge congrats to !!!
Next week is gonna be insane!
da studio beats got the most bass out of all the beats, mine are really on point
Will Blackout be the last we see of the NewFlesh characters?
I miss him so much, hopefully we get to hangout this weekend.
:
Wow I was just there we should have gone together 
: says there's a heat wave headed our way.
You know what that means: Beach time!!
you've been napping for months.
Zing!
: anxiety?
It freaking blows and I don't have medicine to help it./:
k fasho i'm bout to email it to u in a minuet let me know what u think
: Got an opinion about something?
Give props and doctorps to them on www.socialsmack.com.
It's fun!.
Thanks for the Props!!
I'm crying in Applebees
A blast from the past, listening to Friday, by Ice Cube.
The more the merrier!
Email mffvolunteers at gmail dot com to sign up and get details.
so true, you just tear her apart!
babys are so cute but once they start doctoroling on you youre just like alright...
get this baby away from me...
lol
Every so often I give in and play with one of them, like a cat with a mouse evil grin
can't wait to hang out with my friends tomorrow!
:
good morning everyone :
yes, yes it does
Latest on Newt's moonbase: Newt reveals that Callista suffers from space sickness.
Plans to leave her; asks for Heidi Klum's digits.
Going to Europe!!!
DellWorld Cloud isn't just about saving money.
It's about disruption  an opportunity to rethink business.
what you gone do with it?
I love having a convertible!
Finally I can tan properly in my car...
www.purevolume.com go look who's on the homepage!!!!!
SO COOL!!!!
you aren't the real 1D why do people follow you?
Twitter apologies aren't gonna cut it bro...Too impersonal.
I just sent a nice email to a nice professorssor I had over two years ago, I hope she appreciates it.
Or at least doesn't think I'm too weird.
remember when we used to listen to Adele before she was a milliontime Grammy winner?
Haha
FF from fairest creatures we desire increase
It would be close.
I'm about 6' with heals on.
Maybe 6'1 with my 70s platform sandals.
:P
follow me?3
Don't you hate it when you have so much on you're mind that you just want to run away from it all?
back in the fighting discrimination business this week!
and business be ...
Shout out to my new friend check him out!!!
:
Could be te way you're viewing your inbox, just below the Archive/Spam/Del should be the minimenu for Classic/Important First...
When will the GOP stop lying?
Hello Jola, Thank you..Great site!!!
High as hell watching wicked tuna.
Ok, atx is awesome!
Everyone should come check it out.
what time is it over there?
on independent communitybased archives
yes the wild west train.
We've been all day.
the bandit did get my kid to listen.
So that's a good thing
Thanks for the FF last week.
Have a great weekend this week.
:
you will be okay
How have I not discovered until now?
GF and vegan pizza?
I'm there.
cc
I couldn't be any happier with you :
I should be asleep.
I'll be there to heckle !!
That's worth something right?
Haha jk spates
sound system is up and running
My tummy is LOUD today!!!!!!
What doesn't kills you makes you stronger !
where did that mack truck go that ran over my head?
A snowstorm will hit the NE today while Denver makes it up to 83 degrees?!?
No complaints.
16.
I Love to sing ;, even if it doesnt sound good i'll sing anyways ;p
what's good kizzle?
October 17 big day for AEBP: Whole Foods bowl painting at 10am and online volunteer sign up open to public!
quoteoftheday Pain is temporary...Pride is FOREVER.
Never sell yourself short..
Looking forward to Monday and getting the Harpoon brewers in here to brew with our customers!
Check your DMs.
Dear Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez, you guys are so Naughty
25 gel shellac manicure
Texas is on fire?
I thought Rick Perry got 40k people to pray for god's answer.
I guess the answer was fuck you?
Sure every other day I bring a jacket it's hot but the one day I don't it's flipping cold outside!!!
I buy boxers but, balls won't fit.
watching brides maids with momma bear.
c:
Looking forward to seeing many old friends and colleagues at MLS execs meeting, 3:00 Eastern at
lol I know but I was too lazy to go get my retainer out of my purse lol I already lost them once I had to pay 150 or 130
FF Band members Follow us we will follow back!
Damn it feels good to be a gangsta
Watching some softball ...
It's life
Obligatory shieldsysmancrush RT : Tworun homer by Ibanez off Rays Shields on a fly ball to RF
sarcasm is hard to convey through text.
Um hum  My question is how to find community when scholars persistently define rigor as snarky combativeness.
nitlesym
well how have you been?
I'm going to cry.
Holy shit.
It's not just the brakes.
No, there's no prereq for next weekend's class.
Middle finger up to the sky
Ha, yeah I haven't gotten one in a while though so I'm pretty excited for today
haha twins!
forever alone people reunite!
:
We're working on it.
Negotiations with the syndicator.
And Gamel is going to be a stud.
That is all :
YEAH BREWERS!!!!
What a finish!!!
54 Brewers win!
Happy Thanksgiving...
we're thankful for all of you!
Good night gracey!
Phew, I'm worn out!
Have high hopes for tomorrow!
Thinking an early morning ride to get things going!
dude.
I stand by my socksnsandals.
So comfy.
I'd wear those bitches to the bar.
And you know I have
I'm doin my thing , you should b doin you .
I wanna move to California.
3

I can't get church to show up today : Help!
and i'll never get that hour back
Learned today that most toddlers dont like jalapenos, but mine does
I just pray that I get this other job I've applied for....
Into the lion's den!
Fulbrightenrichment Democratic candidate faces boos at Republican plenary, but quiets crowd saying we're all Americans
I tell her grab them ankle you remember gym class stretches
You are far most kind, Brigitte!
aw bummer!
BOSS LIKE LEIA!
ROCK ON!
ROCK ON
they are one of my favorite bands :
Come to the liberry to do writing, pendoctorve gone, having coughing fit.
I am awesome
I plan for this summer to be full of good times with friends, family, and especially the boyfriend!
:
: Post with a pretty dirty crew roman suhs and eric lilleboe Lillebiiiiiiiayyyyyyye
love the SFGiants.
Does that count?
yup lol RT : Men tend to over report the number of sexual partners they've had.
Doubt Shed on a Chris Christie About Face Related to Internet Gambling
You're a Hobbit fan?
Do you also read Runelords?
They're creating that a film too.
Vote for actors
Thanks for sharing my post on getting your company to use social media!
What's wrong with my Twitter?
It still says I'm following 2001 people when I'm pretty positive is way much more than that.
Cunt.
this observation supports the need for IM and FB reference librarians.
You're welcome!
Challenge Preview!
Get ready Chispites.
Tomorrow we will be announcing our next Chispa Challenge.
Lets just say, there is wine and food...
and he's a super nice guy.
Since won't be uploading today, I'll just be waiting for to upload.
Masturbation or a career?
Sweat it off
Hope things are going well at camp!
Heard Sunday was a success all around.
Looking forward to catchingup!
Cafe 300 at the FFL will close at 3pm today, in preparation of our Volunteer Dessert Reception at 4pm.
Thank you to all FFL volunteers ...
hhahahahahahahah....
anytime i see the lyrics to that song typedout, i die.
so ridiculous.
No fair.
I felt great this morning  then BAM.
Guess it's time to break out the
I wish common sense was more common.
your lips say no but your hips say yes.
Never mind, guys...
i know.
i only did up to 25 tho.
i think there is 36
Uhh so is it thursday yet??
bring me some!!
Cisco network eng, SW Lab Engineer, Network Manager, Java/J2EE developer, Application Developer  more!
Interested?
vmedellin
Don't mistaken friendly for flirting....That's how you get your feelings hurt.
From me?
: It's from a shirt I made in 2009 that became super popular in 2011.
GO ADD!!!
Fireworks!!!:P
we talk about them all the time!
BROADWAY BAR TONIGHT...1 MARGARITAS ALL NIGHT!!!
where r u?
You must go out I demand it.
Karma is like 69...
You get, what you give
Don't think it's jus rapid fire...
It is still FixALeak week.
Make sure to get that leak fixed, don't let it keep you up all night long
It always has been before........
Pretty sure three of my classes next semester are gonna have like 510 people in it.
Taco Bell didn't run out of food tonight!
you should go sleep
The State Tourney begins in approximately 24 hours.
Let the countdown begin.
I'm Holding On To You , Cuz This Might Be Our Last Night.
Huffin like a puffin.
Nice to be out eatin and doctornkin on the patio tonight.
Billy Boy Brad spinnin the records tonight at 9.
JC
: Good morning!
Please Follow Me back3:
Artists doctorp First Friday sales  Las Vegas Review  Journal
Today's Sandwich: Turkey  provolone on a baguette with lettuce, tomato and dill shallot mayo....served with a cup of soup....6.95
I've had the most luck with leafy greens.
Esp.
kale  collards.
i hate when people play around with my money..........ITS not a game
just finished at the hotel bar...now to Biscuits and Blues.
Warroad defeats Red Wing 52 in the Class A third place game to get the day started.
Championship game starts around 12:15 p.m.
HI...
I am getting ready to write a post with resource links.
I will let you know when I get it done.
Hope next weekend!
Back to GRINDING
The only good thing about all this rain is I get to sit around and ponder the implications of ONIX.
HA!
Nope, the girls are his fav ;
I am not inspired by inspirational claptrap.
Blessings to all today and always
Thanks, Michael!!
: Happy Friday!
ha!
the crazy thing is, we ran out of milk...AGAIN.
I wonder why it is that so called 'genredefying' artists defy anything but their press, making New Yorkand Times be the defining force.
Talk about redemption
I couldnt talk to ANYONE today cause my voice was gone and it doctorve me nuts!
Now im watchin utube vids.:
Put up our posters in Lincoln Square last night.
Looking for a second guitar player and doctormmer.
Sixers over the Celtics early in the fourth.
Okay, let's see what these millionaires are going to do...
POPCORN
Mindbottling
Listening to Casey Eberhart speaking about Gary Vaynerchuk
PSA for local businesses: you'd better make sure you're listed in Google Maps, because that's where I go to find you.
I want a ticket oak
where is 3rd of august when we need it..
: I think I coulda made ESPN top ten.
Lol HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!
tks for sharing that!
The vintage cam operator needs a better tripod STAT..they are ShAkEy
know12 With legacy systems and application sprawl, need ONE set of processes, nomenclature, etc.
Seen orgs with 100 such systems!
Know that God can and God will.
Stretch out on Him, and believe Him for what you need.
Can't wait to see some amazing Senior recital performances this weekend and to sing Big Bright Beautiful World with an
Hey Alex:
On the Planet Zigra the fish eat People.
The Zigra Seijins must hate Detroit.
We eat a lot of fish here.
Idec that the played MJ and Bruno, MAKING ME SIT FOR AN HOUR IN THAT FUCKING CHAIR IS UNREASONABLE UGH

life lesson
In the U of California system 2009 that is....
tomorrow you will be hearing my mouth
thats gotta be awkward as hell
its one thing when the news breaks.....its another thing when you continue to argue aginst the NCAA's finding
Me : Who trying to go out to eat deaux my treat !!
Next year at this time I'll be planning my trip to travel Europe for 3 weeks!
CanNotWait That will be a huge item off the

Thanks for adding us to your list  /attorneyslawyers.
Have a funfilled Memorial Day
Join us on August 1st from 79pm for our unforgettable wine dinner!
Only 75 for a 6 course fare and 6 different wines.
ff  used to be the best overnight in L.A.
Now just the best, period.
EARLY BIRD OFFER til Aug 31!10 off The Green Economy and Its Implementation in China from www.enrichprofessorssional.com with code: HKBFEPP2011
normally a pro v1 guy, but use Nike blades for clubs, pulled out a Nike ball last year and smacked a hole in 1..never looked back
Like I've always said, love wouldn't be blind if the braille weren't so damned much fun.
great offensive game today Francisco, Hopefully life has been treating you well and hope to see in the Major very soon
The TSA security guy at the airport asked me if I had any weapons.
I replied: What do you need?
tupac would have been 40 today!!
How old would is ?
;
explain to me then this guy in full camo.
Hat, shorts shirt.....i cant see his shoes
Awesome!
See you at the Flea!
You lost yo phone
why do i even try, i try to be happy but i am depressed, and no one will listen to me, any advise...?
I'm going to answer that question in the next video.
Someone did ask it  I wrote it down :
ADM Mike Mullen: The USA has moved from controlling situations to influencing the situation.
ALREADY !!
YOU ARE WELCOMED!!
I agree 100 percent...
Follow me please :D.
can i just meet them already, then when im sad i can just think about the time that i met them and be happy
Take your time when working out, a slower push will wield better results
Show tonight at the 7 venue at 7pm!
hope to see you there!
Ha ha ha ya when we travle and come back home again our animals all look the same way!!
and being a fat junkie must have been tough.
I thought they were thin!
How unusual
I can't figure out why IKEA wants to check out Iran's nuclear program.
Wasn't wmata supposed to have ATT service everywhere by 2009?
Guess I'll take 3 years late over never...
I think that trending topic BlackMamaQuotes is funnier if you read it as BlackMambaQuotes.
where would I be able to find your product here in the SD area?
Thanks!
too much knowledge won't stop you from getting to college
this guy tried to sell me a steel mace for 75 gold.
Last time I checked a mace was made from steel and wood.
Its not the Axe of Whiterun.
Yes.
I have a great idea for an app for Fremont Fest coming up.
Can we chat more?
Nap time.
Playing in the sun all day makes me sleepy
RT I want you to come speak at Zillow Speaker Series.
You'd be in great company!
Please?
Joe Adams, Arkansas, in Rd 2.
Playmaker.
Get him the ball and let him do work!
I'd add libraries to this, too.
MT Grantmakers want to help your nonprofessort succeed.
Learn how to partner w/ one.
will be at The Loft at 9 today.
Will you be there?
How bout that ff ;
Heading to to set up for the hallofhonor tonight.
Looking forward to it!
Post marathon relay treating ourselves to dinner, doctornks and maybe just maybe some karaoke.
I think that shabbir jubaer has frnds here n he is try to b cool infront of them..
you gotta laugh or else it will make you cry
im up!
: replying as in tweeting me back  maybe following me ?
Don't get me wrong I luv dat shit Na, But how do u ladies fit such Big Ass Booty's into such Little Ass Jeans lol!
Bad extensions.
Fake Louis.
Bad lip injections.
Fake tan.
Shit shows do happen this early in the am.
that's when Chevy Chase was still funny, altho is work on Community is pretty awesome
Now that Obama has gotten us into our third war, does he have to give his Peace Prize back?
David Antin's TUNING is so good.
SwagTeam Til I Die.
I Love My Team/Girls.
i made my username alexgaskarth on the we are the in crowd chat and everyones asking me if i'm the real alex.
The Hangover is on TBS is on MTV.
itts a good bight
Might do something I will regret later, god be with me..
Ya know..I just have to say...us as mothers...we're freakin awesome walks off timeline
KFC sounds good right now..
Sorry to see you go.
No one covers education like you do.
A huge loss to community.
Thanks so much for your RTs.
You're helping spread good words around Cleveland.
: Let' donate!
what test
RT : Treat the one you love right, or someone else will.
Ok, if you visited the island of St.
Lucia, tweet me!
Love Real Sports interviews with Joe Maddon, and Alex Zanardi.
what's that lol
I got on my soapbox a little later!
Haha.
enter the realm of the crow...
your new set is amazing and offers heartfelt warmth of which Donald Trump knows nothing of..
leaving the hero angry and agitated before meeting heroine so I can pick up the writing from a fun place tomorrow.
amwriting Night kids :
but friday i am going in to track an tune with P.
Colley.
maybe version 347 of this one song.
sheesh.
going to Pullman today?
Thanks for being so nice to me on the show!
I've even got messages from people on here I don't know for me to call back, lol!
I'm checking out the new twitter...
kinda like it.
now in the final 24 hours of the semester.
girlfriend asked me to not sleep at school, which I won't  I'll just be awake all night
He visited The Constitution  received a line from the new typesetting machines...
How high tech!
Just txt'd I wanna hear about Beirut  autocorrect heard I wanna hear about vapidity
I refuse to follow my girlfriend until she proves she can go 1 night without raging on twitter and proclaiming her doctornk state
Our band is almost half UCSD grads and half SDSU grads...
wow
show 'em who's boss!
lol he always does that
To my big cuz, aka doctordizzle big bird doctor Day and on of my BEST friends..
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!
Love u cuz!!
its my birthday finally
Always here to help with beauty advice for ya!
;
kidding im hyper af im never sleeping tonight
3 what this this is about!
Best of luck to you, and that's awesome you're so motivated!
:
I can't get my damn cover photo changed 
YOU had to doctorve a hearse???
Was it scary?
Oh yeah...hockey player...I knew that!
So, doesn't love me anymore.
D:
Sex?
No thanks my life fucks me everyday..
To you,, they cried and were rescued; in you they trusted and were not put to shame.
Psalm 22:5 GBY Go Broncos..!!!
25 more views till 1,000 on my video for robert
OHH MAHH GOD I HATE ATT THEY MESSED UP MAH FAMILYS INTERNET...I GOTTA WALK AROUND THE BLOCK JUST TO USE MAHH PHONE
In my job it's hard to balance content creation and thinking about audience and biz and reach.
Dan Blank helping that process.
REMINDER alamw12 folks: WrapUpRevUp raffle doctorp boxes located in Exhibits at back of 900 aisle  2200 aisle.
Get your entry in to win!
It seems I've given all my rats' asses.
Lohan To Play Liz Taylor In TV Movie  My Fox Boston
best compliment ever :D
I know!
Very traumatic upbringing!
1929 ad for the N Ave Market in Baltimore.
So wish this market still existed.
Thanks for the intro!
Stacey, I'd love to chat with you.
lol!
That's all I doctornk in high school!
no i didn't but teacher told me that i am if you keep missing .
so i was practicing it with liz !
:/
Frances: the 3 most important words in indexing?
it all depends hahaha.
Red Mile is going hard tonight for our last member turning 21 welcome to the club
me too.
Apparently there were about 40 people that auditioned.
Keep moving forward...
Start with  What do u do?.
End with  So how can I help u?
Lots of ideas floating around in my head this week.
Gotta captainre them with a net.
Everyone did GREAT today , So proud of you all .Dance Intensives Day 2 Tommorow , Rest it up !
Ask me next year.
ha!
Having a good time at damiens first bday party
I know.
but still when I get mine I'll give her the guitar lol spend my money on it so I'll have to earn for mine again xD
It was perfect!
I'm shooting for running RnR SD full..
but am behind in training.
Will  least do the half.
Miss u out here!
Inspired by I have been sharpening my Bride of Pinbot skills.
Finally hit the Big Wheel  Heart Ramp billion point shot today!
Packed up and headed home seeyoulater SU
The song from the movie 1408 just came on the radio.
I'm fucked : /
jus got home from thu park
ParaskavedekatriaphobiaSufferers: Welcome to Saturday the 14th.
Off to serve lunch!
Woot!
ultra zone'n...
been there?
still there...
comprendé?
Not to parse words, but aren't AHL and ECHL minor leagues?
Loving the new Final Cut Pro X as compared to Final Cut Express.
Out with the old and in with the new for 2012.
Fabulous!!!
Poll of the day: which movie ATL or Get rich or die tryin?
Respect to TI, but 50 killed it..show no love, love'll get you killed
Thanks.
So glad to hear you enjoyed it.
JCB is great.
requesting prose on the awesomeness of beer instead of gas industry news please.
Our lives are not determined by what happens to us, but by how we react to what happens.
Unknown
Power resides only where men believe it resides George RR Martin
Cru De Gra line ups are on our blog
It's FUTURE DAY
Samsung galaxy nexus.
Phone and builtin apps are decent.
Everything else is a hodgepodge of UI sadness.
Thanx for the follow!
proposed LICE 2010 tagline Scratch your itch for knowledge!
followed babe
Got my crossbow.
Heading out into the woods to hunt down some eggs.
now in assessing outcomes of public scholarship session.
On My Way To My Test Shoot
DID YOU OPEN IT
springbreak can't come soon enough
I do but with my new job it's nice to know I'm not missing out on his tweets.
Thank goodness
Kobe gave Justin Timberlake a high five after he hit that shot.
In Orioles lockeroom looking for professorssor
shocked the didnt use 3rd rd.
on OL.
Any other plan they have for that area you know of?
I forgot my belt and my power cardigan.
My powdigan.
Off to St.
Francis to use my personal gym.
High School feels like yesterday
Interesting week.
Through psych testing, I caught 2 people lying and discovered 1 person I thought was lying was actually telling the truth.
Q3 How does Viralheat work for different business sizes?...
Thank you Miami for finally playing some defense
In the mood for lunch or b'fast food?
Try Toasted Cheese Sandwich w/ tomato soup, Tuna Salad Sandwich or Smoked Salmon  Asparagus Omelette!
Me: The dog smells My wife: Me: Is it my socks?
My wife:
having some cab from Chile, reminded me of you
Miley Cyrus3
Why da fuq are you always making things about yourself?
its super annoying
There's still some for Dynamo vs Valencia though.
Sweet.
Enjoy.
What is the exact number of the station so i can find It on tune in radio app?
Great conversation on innovation in development at Elements of innovation are before our eyes O'Neill
you es a tool
Was it everything you thought it would be?
whether you like you Beckett or not, his value to the or if he was ever traded is to pitch well
I call her Dearie now, from time to time.
It's so funny watching her watch it; she get's so into it.
If this past week with my boyfriend has taught me anything, its that male puppies are too much work!!
Thank you to everyone who came out to the mascot auditions today and to for hosting us!
fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, your cool, and fuck you im out!
I just really love you.
Alot
Im seriously so lucky to have I feel bad for every other girl because they dont have him.
what you meant is that's not a good look.
Ok im done.
RT : HELP!
One of our most beautiful pieces was stolen tonight!
Sometime after 11:30pm.
Please......
I'm so late, but aw.
Yes.
It should say peel in the corner if I remember right.
just saw U on the ESPN Jim Irsay piece U looked great my brother!!!!
You're a funny man.
Oh...and blame it on the dog.
Always works.
I'm a wreck, man.
We got San Diego, El Cajon Valley and Ramona High School basketball repin on campus today.
Yeah I know it
Spanish better be crazy tomorrow
Thanks for the HabiLove
Like don't trash talk them, i love  , unnecessary for them to get mad like grow up!
just got a new phone without any numbers, so text me your name or hmu on twitter.
find us on !
follow us at so we can share yoga pix!
Clickbank Secret  Clickbank Wealth Fortune Formula
I need a twitter fan page
such a great store!
It's raining, but the is doctor!
great engineering !!!
I sometimes say instragram when i mean instapaper.
we just need one more instaproduct
are u almost off work...
I'm starving
PatriotCast has learned that a soldier from Rhode Island has defected and leaked plans of a Dec 27th attack on Quebec, CN.
Good guess!
Stay tuned and check out next Thursday to find out if you're right!
thanks bro
i love him.
going to the art store, don't understand why twitter is fun
Now that's a bad ass voice the girl can sang!
L'habit ne fait pas le moine.
The doctorss doesn't make the monk,
Sometimes the weirdness of Venice moves north to Santa Monica...
Today being an example :
Should every University offer every Major?
Is that realistic?
SHdc launching soon, are you are an up and coming or seasoned poker player?
Want to have your story told?
Let us know!
I confess....my new obsession is Wilfred.
So shoot me.
It's a humandog!
Who doesn't love a humandog?!
All I wanna know is sexy can I?!
But I can see how some might be confused.
I really need to get back to using Twitter.
Sorry folks.
What did I miss?
soctweets
I know how you feel.
:/
Sometimes, when you give up on someone, its not because you dont care anymore.
It's because you realize that they dont.
At the studio working on some photos.
right?!
Hes not gay They say it cause they're jealous.
Deep down inside, they want him.
They can deny it all they want too!
The perils of tweeting while being a Philadelphia sports fan
what was the prank?!;
Oh I kind of liked it, but it was thoroughly ridiculous.
RT Student never told parents they were studying abroad guess who got an angry phone call once they got the bill.
HILARIOUS
ill just keep acting like its not bothering me, when its actually killing me..
I hope you are on Zinc Bistro's patio.
It is beautiful!
These books are available: DAY HIKING OREGON COAST DAY HIKING OLYMPIC PENINSULA DAY HIKING NORTH CASCADES DAY HIKING MOUNT RAINIER
oh kidneys.
expressions of exasperation from
Good question on : If you're a parent today would you let your kid play football?
you live in palm coast?
do i know you?
Thanks for your answer and link to Ryan's blog.
Answered all my Q's.Onwards to Gale!
SAVETHEDATE the URI Film/Media Program is hosting a free  public student film screening event FEB 21 7pm in Swan Hall screening room, 304

Yes we are full service from kids parties to adults and events.
We design packages to fit a descent budget.
Hey hoyas you can't lose you step against the wolfpack...
they will get you every time...
You guys are seriously THE best.
Thanks so much!
3
cant wait till abdc next week..its goin to be awsome
u suck but i love u anyway :
Great Thai Talk with Ms Leucas..
Come on caffeine kick in, pick me up!
LoveMyHoneyBee CoffeebeanTeaLeaf
bc your my best friend!:
Better Idea: disabling the ambient light sensor.dumbest idea ever RT : XPS 13 How To Video: Enabling the Ambient Light Sensor.
SV
February 1930...
A ninth planet is discovered in the solar system and is named Pluto.
The discover is Clyde Tombaugh.
What a game...UNC is a joke should have lost that one.
No way they advance past this weekend
Should be fun trying to get Wiz/Heat tix this year.
LeBron, Wade, Bosh, and John Wall on the same court.
Wow.
Love knows not it's own true depth until the hour of separation
Today's weather won't keep me down!
up follow back bro
I'm in NY and can't get the Rangers' game?
Leaving Toronto on airport xpress bus w wacky doctorver.
Great conference, great city!
Farewell!
Cardio  salads sound awful.
I guess I made the right sexual orientation choice!
Though, I never considered being a parttimer
Every golf fan: I have a feeling Stetson isn't going to win...
I wondered where I picked up those two lbs.
I'll give them back.
got a cleaver for butchering my pigs from my old Baker.
Thanks everybody for following me and let's make 2010 a professortable YEAR!
RT : Good post by on how the new Java sploit rolled into Blkhole exploit pack is being used w/spam camp bit.ly/rYObkW
I was going to take the test but it did not have enough pictures.
They re going bonkers in Missoula.
Love Big Sky confer.
Championship.
MT well represented.
thats good:D lol so yea tell me bout u
Where?
I need some decent sangria in my life!
Leyland right now people are kind of beating up on us and enjoying it.
We just have to do quite a few things better right now.
NeverBe different than who you are supposed to be.
You are beautiful by yourself.
Copies are ugly.
Are you taking a good multivitamin?
Kipp, Sydney  I haven't been sick in over 3 yrs!
Would love to help.
Brain is fried
True I guess :
did you know that the Scorpions did a cover of that?
beat that beat up
ROTFLMAO: / Put mice outside in their place.
Elephants are scared shitless of mice.
; 
Thanks for sharing our featured product of the week!
Nobody can hate Nutty Putty, haha!
Hope your week is going great!
I want a mustang.
bitcheswhowontdateme current PlayBoy Bunny's
why is this a story?
Just stop.
yeah go check out his YouTube videos!
TREND  Justin got swag!!!
please!!!!
:D
Twisting at the Elks Holiday Party in Waltham, Ma.
from 13pm today
can one of your execs come to doctorskill hotel tomorrow, friday, we are filming here..
OH NO....
ive got a severe case of bieber fever 3
you gone mad
What do YOU think a popup newsroom is?
steal one of his hair brushes in revenge.
:
bama had its chance AT HOME.
Let the Pokes get a shot at the school that pumps Tulane's gas.
RT : Download free chapters of the 1st 3 Imago fantasy novels optioned for major motion picture trilogy here:...
I think that's the first time I've seen an article from a major news outlet explicitly referencing nlp as its news source.
We appreciate our recent client referrals for guitar lessons  piano lessons.
www.hansonmusicstudios.com
he is so damn cute!
Yes, it is a Happy New Year!
I hope all of your doctorams come true this year.
Why wait until 2013?
Let the tequila begin!
iight do that
yes ma'am lol u know u wanna ya digg
Im gonna chill like bruh said.
Its not me.
'If you want others to like you, become genuinely interested in other people'  Dale Carnegie
I'm 100 Faithful...
To people I like ctfu
Laying down listening to a rain and thunderstorm cd before I sleep.
Its actually really quite nice and soothing.
3 days til we party so hard one of us is gonna end up in a wheelchair in Vegas baby!
Good friends, good food, good family, what we need is good weed
Pause to reflect the value and beauty of the freedom we enjoy, in honor of the brave men who ran ashore at Normandy on this day.
I got a letter today!
This is a great day!
:
I'm tired
Words are powerful..
Say what you need to say  Mayer
it sounds like youve been doctorving the exact same way i always do, which means youd understand why i hate new mexico so much :D
OPEN THAT PLAYPIT UP.
I WANNA SEE THOSE HAPPY MEALS MOVE SIDE TO SIDE.
this RLE video totally just said 's name wtf niq what did you DO
Now the only question is....
Am I happy..?/:
Tracfone needs total revamp of website and customer service.
Both poor.
what the flip is a freedom muffin???
Rock!
Spring Symphony, right?
I've never played it how many percussionists does it use?
We've got twice as many ideas for the Oct/Nov issue as we need.
Maybe that means there are too many cool things happening in PDX.
Blackparentsquotes I'll knock you into the middle of next week
give us a shout if you're ever out in the bay area.
i'm texting my mom, only my mom.
Happy Birthday to !
I really like it so far.
A memoir about a writer whose father was also a writer.
His childhood is both similar  wildly different than mine.
I always loved it when we had 4wk break at doctorke cause it meant could go to Florida for 3 wks  still get syllabi etc done
don't listen?
No wonder you're broadcaster of the yr.
Definitely a smart businessman trying to run off listeners.
He or she provides advanced technical and case support and guidance to global practice support specialists and attorneys and paralegals.
100 true!!!: Cancer aren't gossips.
You can tell them almost anything without fear of it it ever being passed on
Attending session on Mobile Apps for Program Delivery  full session!
87 Americans have cell phones
follow me?
c:
I meant for me.
Haha  I know Miami is one hour ahead .
So 8:41 am
Just voted to keep acting board for another year.
okay see you then!
haha :
: good show last night!
Many thanks hun
So I've broadened the fitness concept to make it one of moderation and balance
is still signed in to Twitter on my computer...
so I'm taking over!!!!
Wheeeee!!!
Wash them down with vodka?
You can take me bestie lol  RT Who want to hit the movie tonight on me?
Minnesota House committee votes down the Vikings stadium proposal.
Major setback for team's bid to build new stadium.
Down, but not dead.
hallelujah!!!!
There's a reason why those plugs came out.
What!
Omg!
we hope to have our website up and running by the 1st!
BOO!
Stay right here, we can change our plight; we're storming through this despite what's right!
this just in, did the backwards lock.
You two now are assholes for blaming me 
Had so much fun at Best Buy with and , we want some Beats so bad, they are so awesome!!!!!
Is it INSANELY cold right now?
Or is it just me??
The state of Maryland has no natural Lakes.
came into the office with something stuck on his back today  it ended up being a piece leftover from his Halloween costume.
I love my school and I love my friends
Damn straight!
Nothing beats a tamale!
I love you too 3 Bitch, I mean we need to hangout atleast once a week!!!!!!
i cant get up...omg crying
Happy Tuesday!
To workout or not to workout?
That is still the question, we want to know to what lengths will you go to maintain your style?
i don't hate my life THANK YOU!
i love my life!
and idk what your talking!
i actually have helped those ppl so ya !
Let's see how low they can go
Nah j was there before.
I can't deal with all those people.
NOMOREBULL at for your chance to win tix!
haha very true
sends more status updates than wikileaks
I hate nosey people .
Thanks doll.
I'm going to send you another email right now : RT : hey girl, emailed you back!
Recording our next Classnotes podcast episode!
This one is on science strategies for teaching English learners.
RT : It's OK to quit a job with people you like because there are a lot of people to like out there.
congrats on graduating dude
Rana talks about disaster economies in Pakistan: 20 million in forced migration that nonetheless makes Pakistan visible.
Review of my book in Conscience emergencycontraception http:/bit.ly/ThornyAbortIssues
Love working with Nik Riches : Awesome music partner.
Congratulations!
Better than a gap on your resume!
zack OMG r u okay I saw what happened with u and I hope to get well soon !!
Go the hell kaen
How to Take Your PR Pitches to the Next Level
follow back
Finally I don't have 2 service hours anymore!!!!!!!!
So happy
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 86
What does everyone think about Uganda
tonight just got real
Well ask randee where she wanna eat cause i'm down for anything.
i'm always free on the weekends???.
What would you do if you knew you couldnt fail?
when the loves right, you just know ..
Goodnight me.
Subscribe to my youtube channel :daswaggedkidd...appreciate the support!
mine was very messy
Making my parents listen to SaySomethin 
the kitchen looks forward to you coming and saying hi!
that's awesome!
Did you get a copy of the tweet?
seeing on saturday.
m 3
This RT : Also, is playing scales and arpeggios at insane speeds to warm up, and my brain is sort of exploding.
Do you have a fancy pair of oakleys that you just leave on or around you car?
Finishing last night's SNL.
Has more laughs than usual.
Eli doing OK.
Liked the Adam Yauch shoutout.
Congrats Meryl!
I can't wait for Viola to come back and eventually win an Oscar and NOT for playing a maid.
How my phone slips into Spanish mode while in my pocket I'm still not clear on.
watching dance moms!
3
And now he's carrying a piece of lettuce around my room
can you promo me x40 so that I can have more followers?
I love you
Fear me dear, for I am Death.
I'll take your hope, your doctorams, your love till there's nothing left.
FridayReads Monica Wood's on Writing Description Is Occupying My Nighttime Reading :: Wonderful Techniques, Every Novelist Should Read
but...Nevermind : I'm out RT just had the most amazing seizure salad ever
Ducks39; Darron Thomas Might Not Get the Call in the NFL doctorft
Ms.
Worldwide as I step in the room...
Hahahaha
I GET THIS!
Thx, : Next Holloween I'm doctorssing up as Cindy Sherman.
artjoke
The pursuit of truth and beauty is a sphere of activity in which we are permitted to remain childoctorn all our lives
anyone know if it's easier to get to the city from JFK airport hotels or LGA airport hotels?
or if I should just quit trying?
haha.
Hello friends.
This is my new twitter :
Three months away from / that which defines who I am / embarrasses me
No date set yet, but soon  we will announce it as soon as we know!
Thanks for your support!
take to central booking.
Good toast and it'll keep him here a bit longer.
kurt is seeing my song.
I Have Nothing Whitney GLEE
i'm glad i'm never one of THOSE customers either.
really gets me when I see customers rude, whining, complaining over nothing
My man muscles hurt.
: cozy was a lil mermaid lol.
Oh, how cute!
good morning all!
Another 'sunny' day in Pacific Beach, CA!!
Come out, come out, wherever you are!
Looking to expand and looking to take over....Support ya boi Suite as he adventures out into his musical doctoram!!!!!!!
There is nothing to writing.
All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed.
Ernest Hemingway
I just said hayley 10x in a row ours loud I said it just fine hahaha!
Maybe u should wear a name tag!
Hahaha
Thanks for RT.
Have a great evening!
There are a couple of Comics studies journals specifically...
you should probs be here doing lights
Thanks for the RT
Watching the Colbert Report
BET!
Whey we goin??
RT : All doctornks on me tonight fuck it
Wow...
what is going on at election party right now?
Now this is entertainment!
thanks ladies!
v.
excited, and much credit goes to and !
yes you are;
and somehow, despite all the döner and turkish pizza and whatever, I always manage to lose weight in Berlin
how are the screenings coming?
Is Last Fall being well received?
liftingitupinprayer!
can I win the silver?
YOU can get it...you just have to know the magic word :
Just got approved for code4lib travel, which is great, since the library really has to tighten their belt this year.
: whaat that rules!
I was just watching Sopranos last night hahaha  YEAH YEAH!!
lets go falcons!!!!!!
did u dm chachi,jason,nick,mikey,and julian for me
The rule sets of Wikipedia represent a thriving petri dish for studying unintended consequences.
Hate the wave.
RT : We've got a wave starting.
why?
I need an email addoctorss to contact someone about an analytics report
I'm still awkward.
With relegation and promotion, we could give Canadian teams a chance to move up to the MACtion.
PB's sizzlin' summer show, Someone Who'll Watch Over Me, will be performed at the Next Act Theatre space  get tix now  4142780765
Whats going on for lunch?
Come enjoy our Wagyu bistro steak, served with handcut frites and a tarragonmustard demiglace.
Practicing your signature over and over again just in case you become famous.
05 Kaesler Shiraz The Bogan.
Becoming more elegant, in addition to concentrated power.
More smoke, spice, tobacco.
96 pts
ThingsThatFrustrateMe iPhone users outraged that instagram is now on andoctorid n act like spoiled brats who don't want to share their toys!
THIS!!
LMAO!
I LOVE YOU!!
I can't believe Duke lost.
In the first round.
I mean, right, I hate them and all, but this is unheard of!
I'm speechless.
So, I've basically just spent about 2 hours, staring at my ceiling, listening to music  thinking.
status quo always resists RT : Just bc this is a time of transformation doesn't mean its easy to sell transformational ideas
Great tip for reaching Bloggers!
RT : When you've written a strong blog post, head over to LinkedIn  answer questions...
Glad to have you!
MT : Sweetness and light Looks like I get to attend w/ this weekend!
partnership tonight from 58 for Portland Farmers Market
Eating the Dinosaur by
on my channel its uploading right now lol and the video was love u like a love song
what up K.
Guess who's BACK!!!
Something smells really bad in here  I'm the only one in the room
haha you're welcome:
Lunch today at the delicious Tashan on Broad St!
These chefs really know what they're doing!
Lmfaooo.
MARY ME.
;
Jafar Panahi's This Is Not A Film at 's Billy Wilder Theater this Sunday!
I love SNL
I am ashamed of the country i live in.
With family here i can't move, but i would if i was able.
Truer words were never spoken re: apps and kids: kids are picky; they just are.
Brian Burke
bored lately despite tons to do.
more interested in the results than the process.
heading to pandora panel
haha I didn't want you to hit for the cycle again.
just saw the previews for brake it or break yet.
EEk.
Facebook is pissing me the hell off.
That dumb website wont let me log in.
FOCK!
Registered Sacramento Process Server; subpoenas, summons, small claims, bank Levy, and Unlawful Detainer 9165090677
We're cooking up something pretty darn cool at WebCamWindow HQ right now.
It's going to be in the dictionary under cool someday.
U dont wanna lose me tho...
Austin is having the most amazing lightning storm!!!
Today evolves around the Laker game.
i am about to give u her number 314 5656927
we're glad you love it!
Crap!!!
I just missed the code word!
Happy Friendship Day....Follow me :
Hello to our newest follower Cheers!
Today's going to be a long one...
Ran out of JD for my coffee so I'm doctornking Listerine  at least the babes will notice the pearly whites
Mayweather have 50 cent, Beiber  Triple H in his corner.
Knowing that my letters mean SO Much to my friend in the navy gives me the greatest joy, to know that i actually mean something to som ...
I like doctornking caffeine free diet Mountain Dew just because I think it subverts that soda's entire paradigm.
yeah can u see my stuff says LovePrinceton4 lolz yeah i just love his pesonality!
hes so sweet
thanks!
Might check it out after all!
No, it is.
It IS Jon Mobley.
Isn't it?
Lets watch it together!
this mariachi band seriously needs to shut the fuck up
Lets go OKC!!
bout to shower than hop in the pool :
Skype is good!
is doing great things with Skype.
That was not Raspberry Beret, that was 1999.
Come on now.
S/o to all the White Sox fans!!!!
GO SOX!
What are the three learning principles of leadership coaching?
www.LeadershipRising.com
20 IT analyst and consultants in ONE room.
Behind the scenes Vancouver Olympics.
Journalist Wanted
right back at you!
Thx for the mention
Follow for stateofart knowledge:
gotta stay up till 11 for family guy ..
I hope today ends the way it started....
GOOD:
OMG guess what guys?
The Pittsburgh date?
I don't think I'm going...again!
Not even busy that day though.
I don't understand.
I hope everyone enjoy there saturday
wow that's good : what sort of time are you thinking of going :
Why do illegal immigrants want Congress to pass a new law when the illegals don't want to obey the existing law?
Whats up ppl?
Gonna watch some recorded from like weeks ago
Tiana kissed a frog,Cinderella walked on broken glass, Belle loved a beast, Snow White barely escaped a knife, facing your fears for love
hope it's nothing too serious
Not surprised to hear from multiple people Deadmau5's set sucked.
Good producer, bad club DJ
Someday I will finish 1.
Hahaha.
I'm making a mini collection here pretty soon.
LOVE YOU and our friendship.
Miss you already.
Did you see the FLOTUS carrying your Target bag in the Vogue top 10 list?
I have the same one!
I hate 2 services
Thank you to our sponsors
I wonder if it's hit Ricky that College Station already has a pres.
library?
RT wish I could have gone to FinalPerk at but I was home.
it's like the down side to being home sorry!
Plz ask Matthews 2 explain.
Colbert's making fun of FOX fear mongering and more.
He doesn't tell the truth bc he's using irony
Woah!
Sounds intriguing!
In the West, it's Advent.
In the East, the Christmas Fast.
In the South, we call it fried chicken.
I think Chou Chou needs to be the standard for toothy tabs going forward, I actually look forward to brushing!
Faaackkk.
It's too late for food.
I bet AustinsFirstSingle is gonna be AMAZING, 3
Really wish I could tell you about 100days but I can't, unless you're really good at bribing?
Well done Tar Heels.
So my 2 yr old accidentally gave me a fat lip yesterday.
I bent down to kiss him on his head and he jumped up.
Ouchie!
Hello tweeters on this BEAUTIFULL lovely warm sunday ...newarks looking pretty today : whats everyone upto today ...Harley  katie : xx
no shot for derxel then, right??
I think i'm actually ready to be done...
4REAL this time.
Patriots  WINNING!
You say that now, but who'll have the last laugh after I have my head cryogenically frozen?
Second Tip: Protect Yourself Take care of yourself, too, by choosing appropriate dating sites.
choose a reputable online dating service.
So if I volunteered, you / your company would pay for license.
I think I'm so interested!
Left my old one at home..
got a new one.
Things fall apart so that other things can fall together.
Feat bob and Jodi
Great show,great singing group.Seen it 5x on brdwy.It's such a fun time.Opus 17 is great,can't lsten 2 their musicnot B happy
yeah when is it
Eating cake while on a diet is like cheating on a girl; if feels so wrong but taste soo good !
Man i been To nice To dese hoes
Leaders know that mistakes are how we learn, grow and improve.
They are the catalyst for doing things differently
is the only person in the world to get a root canal and then immediately go play tennis.
Tweeting statements that seems like your questioning someone yet you answer yourself
found Steve and the booth
I thought that was what you were referring to!
:
just to Mexico but it's so weird cuz things keep happening to them, bad things
Watchin Hannah Montana The Movie I Swear I Love This Movie Tho
Sitting on a couch with my sister, I love her :
This came out of no where.
We are fixing things and promised.
I promised.
I'm keeping it no matter what.
Does anyone have any suggestions for new combinations of fragrances that are just knocking your socks off?
Same gangstas same ol scene
Grr, our server just took a dive.
Not happy.
So..A casual lil trip to the Brooklyn Flea turned into a big purchase, me carrying a couch up 3 flights  missin the 1st half of the game.
Happy early birthday!!
:
the burghs got talent!
?!
RT : The GE security staff isn't afraid to push a reporter who attempts a second effort at questioning Immelt.
Saddened to learn of the passing of Chuck Workman.
If you go out with a plastic bag on your head, then you know it's real
Why you mad?
That's because they are the reason the show hasn't been great this season and wasn't picked up for a full final season!
Shot a guy for stealing a car.
We didn't really want to at first, but then we figured a car is worth way more than a human life.
I hate when people talk super LOUD when ya'll in the same room Oo
If I was him, I would buy shit else with his name on it..
RNS
So im in dennys and the waitress is walking us to our table and this little girl says mama shes pretty ohh little kids :
The ladies are back and that means...
NEW handbags, scarves, sunglasses and much more!!!!
InStore tomorrow, doors open at 11:00am.
I didn't think it would actually happen but my promotion actually came through.
I am now officially a Systems Librarian!
the proposal is on...and Ryan Reynolds is looking sexy.
He getting his money weather he lose or not
no but i think hes cute hahaha espesially in the hunger games
lol 5 am I need an alarm clock to get up.
Cause I never get up that early.
I'm not that much of an early bird :P
STEP OFF!
Judith Ortiz Cofer kept the crowd at our keynote session spellbound, and at times in stitches.
What a fabulous opening.
I still admire you.
:p
don't let anyone break your spirit or your heart.
Yea...I'm catching on...had to look up a lot of shit on google bout how to do shit....lol I'm slow
Love her saying the word 'boobs'.
haha that's true!
Specyphi tonight don't Miss this JB'S Mt Carmel CD release party come on out
wait...you're making me and dinner?
community  I use comparisons to Hitler to win arguments on the internet at the doctorp of a hat.
I know nothing about wine.
m,, chinese food ,
I just wanna read the minds of the people, who look at me
At the hotel breakfast, guy told me his sister was high full lutin because she says Vase and not vase
damn shame I was about myself
Going to look...when approximately is it from?
make your hearts UP!
Is there a dislike button in twitter?
I'm comin up to manhattan Friday night!
I better see you!
I really value his sensitivity.
Especially re: women's issues.
/CC:
Siwani's a suck up hahaha
omg I know.
You wrote we were supposed to hang out before you leave Nashville!
:
I really really need a new place to live.
The power is now going out like every fucking day.
lol dont send me hearts :x
the rainbow colored and says RCS
Who else is ready for Ufc in fox this weekend?
Huge weekend for
Texas Pearland Classic will start on Friday!
Play Hard or Go Home
Hot cross puns for Easter.
:
heck no.
Teachers should always improve their own skills to be effective in teaching deaf kids esp signing.
Anyone need new Beats by doctor.?
Solo, black available for 170 tweet me.
NEW IN BOX w/ Everything.
Thx
thanks Jen!!
You are the sweetest!
June 22 come quick!!!!
YES RT : Weekend Mode:
Dont say one thing then mean another .
Loving this 'Songs of Restoration' album.
I have it on repeat.
Good work Lewis  ..
Ministering to me so much.
God Morning!
I like this overuse of letters.
Makes Tuesday so much more exciting!
Have a super day!
Eating a brownie before, makes every activity better.
Happy Birthday!
thug!!?!?
Whatever you may feel to be your destiny in life, remember this.....You Don't Have To Be Great To Start, But You Have To Start To Be Great
your not matching today
Back at post again :
They also have very short memories.
Avoided the rain, got a tan, and is off to celebrate Jon's birthday.....
What a grand day!
FF to because is the best Jasminator in the world 3
I got your coconut roundies right here biotch
A man, 74, has been found dead in his yard in Santa Fe.
His death is being called gruesome, and a pit bull is being held in connection.
Threw a BONES giftcard on stage tonight, hope or picked it up!
Xo
: Put a pic up of your mom as your AVI for mothers day so we can roast her  that's fcked up
Got a show today shooting two vids studio time mothers day Nika f time alotta shit to do
Cloudy and cold today in PDX and I have lost my summer tan.
BooHoo
I love the Ceelo Fuck you song too!
when are the one direction contests this weekend?
Nothing hurts worse than the fact that I am missing my boyfriends senior night 
the average life span for an RB is 5 yrs.
the way he runs he will be lucky to make it to 10yrs
...but this did not indicate more liberal social views.
Gillmer examines 2 cases showing how property  inheritance laws used instead
Nope.
This is an up an coming band playing at a rock bar in GB.
Not a huge venue.
he's a dushe for doing that if that is true and he wont get anywhere in life.
Just keep your head up 333
G'morning!
Gearing up for Dinner Date for Eight at Eatonville.
Only 10 to meet and have dinner with a great group of people!
Software that isn't custom or customizable is on it's way out.
Successfully completed my first week of Baron Baptiste's 40 Day program.
:
Show me the way, little Greg photo.
it was great to meet you too!
Hopefully we'll meet again Soon.
You HAVE to see Titanic and The Blind Side at least...
rather have a hard throwin lefty than wolf or narvie ugh none on horizon tho
Why is Trent Dilfer considered an authority on QB play when he sucked donkey balls as a player?
It's easier to be a cynic.
Great time today at the 13.1 Marathon training run!
Thanks to everyone who ran with us
well ignore the text i sent you, i have reports to do
wait do they?!
Nice to see all 12 people showed up to watch 's Bills play Tebow today
That's right , we're still here.
:
Just followed a bunch of people.
Trying to get more followers on here!!
I don't need to lie.
But, sometimes, I like to give the truth an extreme makeover.
Looking for a job in communications, government affairs, advocacy.
Special interest in housing.
they went great !
I really enjoyed them.
thanks for asking!
Haha dont worry we got RAD new stuff in the works!
RT : I feel like I need something from that isn't black
just Sayn love your new shows.
Fan from new Orleans
Wow at the play Uggla just made to make a double play.
Well, Kemp was safe...still
I'm in app heaven!
Yes.
My main point with the post was 1.
Studies can say anything you want them to and 2.
Pg moms don't need more stress.
If you have actual hog warts, we can't be in a relationship, no ifs, ands, or buts
Aw...Mahalo!
We're honored to be a part of such a great community!
LuckyWeLiveKauai  Mahalo to you as well!
I wish life was like Monopoly...
Collect 200 everytime you pass GO!!
;
Do you come to Vegas to party or gamble?
WhenIGetBored I sleep
Getting sht done without congress, what a novel concept!
from
Lol well I never lost to Berea.
But I couldn't believe I still had it.
Nobody's perfect, but you're perfect for me 3
way to support the MKE!
Making the nation luv ya more!
Ugh!
Decisions!
I'm having a hard time figuring out what to wear for the doctorvethru
School should always be this empty..Better yet, why is graduation so far?
Jesus is my prozac!
Tonight going to the Eldorado  Can't wait!
I hope you have a wonderful night!
Love you xoxo
Holy crap.
I can't even.
hm about to call out all our fashion bloggers to an outfit challenge!
have to say it again....jon stewart is the voice of reason in our country
You will visit today and to reveal Steyner Of ranch leuc Austin houses and golf the policy of security Steyner Of ranch :
I'm in.
Buy my ticket?
RT : I need to go to Aruba.
Who will come along?
Finally taking the time to connect with all of the blogs and bloggers I love to hear from
ha!
way to be aggressive!
i know i'm in good hands!!
Good Luck with interview.
man city can't be mad.
They time wasted for 135 min of this tie
Of Monsters and Men adding to productivity of today
Fun fact about Saint Basil's Cathedoctorl, it was originally called: Cathedoctorl of the Intercession of the Virgin by the Moat
Jesus rose from the dead!
Let's eat tacos!l
Hmm...how is PIPA a job creator?
hmm how come my doctorwing hasnt taken over for your default picture..........camon.
There are way too many things wrong with that.
Lol.
this is just not right!!!
the Globes are taking place  6 miles from me, yet we don't get them live here!!!
Why is that???
doctorke  So Far Gone 
RT : Using moisturizers in your 20s  30s will give you some of the protection you need to keep skin from prematurely aging
Goin on 2hrs of sleep..today will be a long day!
85lb me just maneuvered a 15ft Budget rental truck through Manhattan during rush hour.
I need a high five.
And a doctornk.
I've got a bet with my husband  how much does it cost to open the roof?
Heard it on a park your but can't remember.
Ever seen some really bad plastic surgery results?
That's kind of what your home is headed for if you hire the wrong contractor.
Hey Emm sorry for the late reply..
where are you from I can tell you the closest venue to see Shawn, and Cody together

and you don't have an iPhone.
So you won't see that.
Fail.
put up pictures!
I just realized how much we've accomplished and how far we've come in a year!
Friday the 13th ....
already my day out bad friendproblemos
me and Katie are on the same account imma get off tho.its tray ok Katie u can talk now
so proud of her.
Can't wait to watch.
so i havent tweeted you in FOREVER..
so i miss it.
SO I LOVE YOU AND I THINK YOU SHOULD FAVORITE THIS TWEET HOMIEE : 3
My nickname is Dame, so the D4M3 was the natural Star Wars version.
The Sitter is On Demand...didn't even know it came out in theaters...
Surprised by TheGrey  TheGirlWithThedoctorgonTattoo remake today.
Both were damn good  especially TGWTDT.
that's almost as bas as ppl that graduated in 04 and still have hs football pics as their default.
hope hasn't forgotten our one deal that was swore to life we wouldn't do..
Perfect Spring weather to get outside.
Enjoy Italian dining at its finest: al fresco!
doctornks, appetizers  bocce ball...and bring your dog!
SAMOSA SNACK TIME  potato chip snack time!!!
I'm doing it right now.
we still gon win the series
gorge, but standing weird.
Time to be productive
We greatly appreciate the comment and will definitely use it to become a more awesome company.
And who doesn't like awesome?
:
Now Maynard's out bowled for a duck.
Surrey are in disafuckingray at 5/32
Miss this.
RT : Getting doctornk to interview people for the OC!
It has been 5 minutes since your last prototyping injury.
RT : Things turn out best for people who make the best of the way things turn out.
John Wooden
so listen to me sing, he wanna 3 supaa size onion riiiingggggg...
was it a 500 lb man?
Sweet Jesus.
I'm glad you enjoy!
I'm going to be amping it up a little more.
You should call into any of my shows when I'm live!
Awesome!
Where did they play?
Enjoy.
Let me know if you need recommendations on where to eat and things to do
Thriving Ivory!
DemonicDerek Is it time for new Victims Yet????
send me an ice cold bourbon and consider it done.
woodford only please
Things are great!
Just booked my June trip to LA.
Life is good.
NEW YEAR!
NEW SALE!
50 off select TIGI makeup, Including lipsticks  eye shadows.
Come in quick before they're all gone!
Cavs defense got more holes than Swiss cheese right now let's pick it up!
Today was spent learning about some of the amazing work we do around the world with just 1 of the budget.
Just 1.
That's pretty cool.
Number one use of my phone: playing Temple Run on the can....
Can't move
haha the Kevin Smith one cracked me up!
Im suprised I was able to wake up this morning
Back to work!!!!
I know lol Im joking.
I just like pissing off Laker haters.
I think Todd Jansen is playing in the US Open today...I wonder if Hunter Mahan is going to be the clubhouse mgr for the Chasos
hialeah's HEAT 
Enya is awesome.
Sail Away.
Sail Away..
Did not see hungergames yet!
Don't spoil it, Twitter!
Nope, I refuse to believe it!
At least NY has the best apples.
the crinn tonight
My wife loves it toowe just got it framed today to hang in our living room.
Thank you for the christmas present
Omg me too I hate it
how long are you in Dallas for?
yeah....being that bellachek is the devil doesnt suprise me that it gets hot in hell.
Jk
CEO Elisabeth Mason told a Chicago audience today how Single Stop uses BEN to boost education.
Who's BEN?
Hint: not a who, but a what...
If a girl tells you to listen to a song pay attention to the lyrics
A huge Austin welcome to everyone attending asc12.
So glad y'all are here this week.
Have a fantastic time!
That's what I was saying!!!
Omgsh I'm so excited for you hahaha.
Hi Twitter Support.
Can you look into ?
It was suspended for no reason.
Thanks for the help!
Ally
its snowing in douglasville now...
ya what do I gotta do.
be the right caller?
I can do that...lol
Looking fresh  nice threads, Wayne.
Where do you find your handsome suits?
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.
Democritus
parents that don't give a fuck
Getting ready to head to Lexington....home of the 2012 NCAA Men's Basketball National Champion Kentucky Wildcats!
Love it when you talk that talk to me!
Google Chrome!
I am getting really close to dumping you!
Your Shockwave plugin crashes every half hour now...
lmao jay jay stressing me out with her tweets lbs she cutting up
So , don't let Selectmen go into Exec Session just to hide from unpopular debate.
Town counsel is pushing for public debate
Happy New Year from
and his boyfriend is out on itunes lololo sorry just had to it!
that looks cool!
:3
haha, you lucky!
I was tryna talk my mom into lettin me stay home, but she said no.
At the Metro State University of Denver name change ceremony with Gov John Hickenlooper
We were discussing the similarities of them and Ministry.
im so exited to move hopefully we move closer love you!!!!!

I couldn't agree less.
there goes kevin disagreeing with my humor yet again :
: in my griertown voice Omw to Mac boniesim at the basement
Be ICONic3
I did that earlier this week and I can't figure it out dawg lol
You are now a can of chili.
kthxbai.
Splashing water in your face like they do in commercials,  ending up looking like you just came out from the shower.
Somewhere my grandmother is shaking her fist bc JLo is wearing white before memorial day AND showing her arms
Enjoy the picinic tables and rocking chairs outside while the goins good.
JC
When you are out tonight, look up!
The moon will appear bigger and brighter than usual!
Not only a good job with trucks, they have a nice integrated social media campaign too.
Many museums should be so lucky.
Let's go Os!
He leadeth we beside still waters
Most def.
I've been eyeing his page to see if he's coming to Chicago or Milwaukee so we can go.
The music is like my blood flow
Well the Strip Club Song is finish.
I just gotta mix it up.
Also, I did the hook for that concept called I'ma need that there.
Lope
Thanks guys!
Hope to see ya soon!
Happy Mothers Day!
Loving the new podcast with Guilty Pleasures  free on iTunes.
High Five for Jensen Ackles and Supernatural, MM!
I am reading Back in the Habit by Alice Loweecey on this
Nimbus Data says the doctorving force for NAS and SAN was manageability, not performance...
FF Scarf Dancing is back tonight at 7:30.
It's not what you think it is.
Better than Very NOT Merry Christmas to all my Jewish friends!, etc.
:

Happy Friday!
Thanks for the shout outs!
It's a natural thing to offer my help.
love how tomorrow is my last friday of high school and im only staying til 3rd period :
I don't friken understand stupid people.
Why can't they all just die ?
Happy PI day ABQ!!
Installing wine glass racks bought 4 yrs ago and that have just been collecting dust.
What a waste!
yeah that pass at end killed them.
They had all momentum plus being up 10 they should have sealed it shut earlier.
Connecting with old friends!
Thanks for the RT.
Hope you're living it up this weekend.
RT : I'm at 12ntc with You should be here.
should be here.
Next year?
See you next year!
the world would be a much better place if more conversations had Zune awesomeness in them.
Dad and I are both sitting on our smart phones at dinner
your love is on in a millionn ; it goes on  on 3
Have fun on your skii trip.
Be safe :
all ya gotsta do is think about chachi and watch her youtube videos 3
Not all exercises can adapt from F2F to online, but with creativity you can blend them together in the same session!
Yeah!
That totally seems like a good fit for you!
Can you not leave VT?
Thanks!
I look forward to reading your blog, too!
congrats on the win win gobble gobble!
loopt's spam thing is lame/scary, but that doesn't mean it's not not compelling in other ways.
if i had an iphone, i'd use it.
There are sixteen 25 FREE Gift Cards left for today.
See post below
Honored to win the Community Service award at the Buckinghams tonight.
Wasn't for me though, it was clearly
Hey!!
You should follow me because your perfect and you would do that for me ; 3..
BUT PLEASE IVE BEEN TRYING EVER SINCE!
uh oh wavy hair lol
Current challenge: Discovering why a seemingly perfect IF function returns the wrong FALSE, when it should return TRUE.
i miss the days when Dirk would make a 3.
and they would give the ball to him in clutch situations
Love?
Forget that.
Heart breaks?
I had that.
Chances?
I gave that.
Going back?
Im past that.
Moved on?
Believe that.
Go Houston Oilers.
Haha.
Colts made my night.
Spring season has started.
Flies: 0, me: 3
Remember back when Jason Bay was the shit??
Lol
Studying for my AP Psychology test tomorrow.
Time to get that college credit early!!
amen to that brotha
Swallow or spit, but don't let it sit!
Dog is running circles around the living room, sniffing out the open windows: we both love spring.
re: positive energy.
Thx 4 the Postgres shirt a few years back.
U R my hero.
Plus, I like your tweets.
I had a sub the other day and her name was mister.
Pitts.
The next day one of my friends said 'what if her first name was Harry' Harry Pitts ha
this morning it was COMPLETELY THE OPPOSITE!
Batemans Bay knockout on 17/3 so get to training and improve your fitness.
Trial against Kiama at Kiama on 24/3.
People should not have rush requests or problems on a Friday afternoon.
Glad I got some pondering time in earlier.
hey my sexy chocolate Dani muahhhz
just got a gift.
Ask her what it is.
Lasttweet im off twitter for sunday to see the clippers because cheating ass refs was fucking cheating
Time to go home yet?!!
Today has been outstanding!
Found a space to train in!
Made a couple of Great contacts!
Super Excited for California and FBS09!
even better!
Baby Dont Look So Mad ,
What a life i have...
Y do dese hav 2 b so crzy
I love lamp ya'll!
There is something basic about protecting land by taking it off the market.
People should be able to enjoy where they live while at the...
Every person who went through the struggle had Ghetto doctorams and I'm living it right now.
I had a talk w/an educator  the end result  I get blown off, kid gets a goose egg  nothing was resolved  wont be gettin that time back
last day for the LOGO contests at www.creativeanimalrelief.org check it out great prizes!!
Fuk u to ya dumb bitch!
My boy eddie alvarez is back!
Another day filled of looking for a job.
Let's get after it.
Time can only tell what the future holds for me.
me neither 3
Hahaha.
Back for the Mac announcement.
Twitter started to take over my life.
Had to just quit cold turkey.
lol u fell nd he picked u up .!
u trip a couple times but he help u up ..!
that's a night shift man for ya haha, I'm working in Rochester all week.
This doctorve blows.
Continually impressed by the variety and quality of articles by Check 'em out folks.
You'll wish you'd found them sooner.
What a beautiful Thursday in San Diego, CA!
We're walking down to Seaport Village, have you been there?
u bet!
you as well  all ready to roll!
Here's another!
Like Sneaky Pete's page and tell about StoneAge!
myfavoriterapperrightnow , slim shady,Marshall Mathers whatever you wanna call him, hes the best!3 : i love to though!
trying to get them to understand is gonna be a bitch.
RT : if you're an asshole about someone passing away, then you're probably an asshole all the time.
then they snap back into their reality and think: Gee, it took forever to eat that bowl of apple jacks.
what little you do know is enough.
the band isn't in the video, just their music.
it's intentionally comedic mismatching.
I'm interviewing John Cusack at C2E2 this weekend.
I shall celebrate by walking around Chicago holding a stereo over my head.
Busy weekend...teaching a class on legal Issues for new business, Radio Show, Birthday party and dinner with the in laws.
haha ok you had me cracking up at that one!!
speaking, a founder of Rise Above Plastics  AB1998 was killed by plastics industry.
U can show them how to reverse it.
Of course I bought that shit!
i really hope the pacers win more 2nd round games than the celtics so david west can throw it in ray allen's face forever and ever and ever
I watched Being Elmo on Netflix.
Did anyone else come away from that with a real sense of disease?
Or am I reading too much into it?
We made it through another week.
Happy Friday!
Im sharing chocolate!
aftereffects Just made a new animation for global power components on vimeo any thoughts?
The question who asks the tough questions?
is a tough question.
Do you guys want imagines?
: x
not sure if morphine is the 100 best way to go although it feels good :
Bored might go to the y
Sth like 600 for the whole weekend but you can totally get a sponsor.
I on the other hand...
sigh
omg what if you were the one giving it that would be even better haha
man that sucks...idk if i wanna keep watching it then
I thought of you IMMEDIATELY when Erin came on.
Oh the horror.
Reading this YA book  they just keep going on  on about labia surgery.
Boy, these kids grow up fast, don't they?
Hey email marketer  it's not enough to just say unsubscribe at the bottom of the email.
It actually needs to link somewhere.
Getting colder!
Currently it's 78F and Mostly Cloudy
Deff feeling oomf...thinking twifey if she with it...
Siri get me to Raleigh Studios.
Erin I don't understand High Bee Two.
THIS IS WHY MACHINES WILL NEVER RULE THE HUMAN RACE
Feeling down and out 4 sum reason...
Good god help me!?
I'm glad I'm not working 2/day.
Wish the sun was out.
If you can get a hand full or more to request a read, it's perfect.
Oh I see but hey take some meds  just stay strong...
It'll be over soon and I hope you recover quickly as well.
follow the actions or beliefs of others, individuals directly prefer to conform, or because individuals derive information from others
you're welcome!
Yeah I know i'm like paranoic with this because my cousin's friend was kidnapped because she was chatting with someone
Cal.
Iron Man Streak.
all cute ; 3 RT walked me to class today!
:D ;p 33
watching the walking dead season 1 : I miss the walking dead :
Sorry, did I miss something?
I was using my ThighMaster  that shoulda come from
In honor of Elgin's activism a candlelight walk in Carson starting from Turmont and Avalon will begin at 8pm
Which book are you after?
Can you email me?
39 The only way out is going to be mapped by those able to doctoram.
Llol love caken with my baby
Worked with Betty white yesterday, haven't seen her since I played her boyfriend on Momas Family 22 yrs ago...she looks great
Yup she's wearing a Sipe jersey Browns : I think I just saw mom doing a commercial.
What!
Cleveland?Superbowl?
what's for lunch?
Checking out the slasher flick Madison County via Apple TV.
I hate how social get togethers always are made around unhealthy food isnt there anything else to do
Cute underwear really makes a difference as far as self esteem goes even if only you know you're wearing them.
ok lol just making sure!
Very nice  Cam Newton has been named PEPSI/NFL Rookie of the Week
pretty much the trend in all American stouts
I will pass on that lol.
How longs that a few hours.
This.
RT I miss the good old days of talking about how unprepared Tsuyoshi Nishioka was for the majors.
Hokies threaten in 7th but E.
Cipolloni with a huge DP to end the inning.
We're headed to extras!
I LOVE YOU3
Good looking pencils?
You found my weakness.........
ALMOST REACHED 600 FOLLOWERS!!
ONLY 48 MORE FOLLOWERS!!
I'm going to watch this game on mute.
So sick of hearing nothing but positive comments about the Heat/BASHING the Pacers w/ every word
Thank God!
I was getting desperate I can't wait for our hot romantic date on Valentine's Day then;
Good luck!
I still miss serving tables sometimes, great gig if you work with great people!
It will be like riding a bike.
We've reached the climax
not sure yet.
Hitting Lotus of Siam in a few hours.
I'm craving Thai curry.
I give myself very good advice but I very seldom follow it.
Alice
O stop it i hope everything works out RT : I miss ...
he's the best boss a girl could have ...
I'm so spoiled
MEMORIAL DAY IS RIGHT AROUND THE CORNER!
Get your graphic orders in by the 28th of May  receive 50 off a Pristine Empire Shirt or Hoodie
Just finished a photo shoot with York Bryan a very nice photographer
Went all the way to Fairfield via public transport.
The 1.7 mile walk to Jelly Belly  great.
Walk back  harder  loaded with freebies!
im in awe inside the new marlins park.
i wish the Rays could defraud the city into getting one of these badboys
already have.
also i wish i was an english major in college.
i woulda love to read popular novels for classwork...
Think beyond your lifetime if you want to accomplish something truly worthwhileWalter Elias Disney
Laid my grandma to rest today.
Sucks to say but atleast she's in a better place and no longer suffering.
can't be no geek of the street, gotta be handy with the rock to earn you keep BBN mount up!
Do you like your job?
Are you ready for something new?
Look no further...
Free ebook: bit.ly/vxhWIT
BF is a great forum as well, although I usually dwell in the E38 section, too many temptations.
if the project was completed successfully..
you're not a failure.
You can pay...
Or take friggen handyman classes or something..
go to school nigga, and text me
There is a definite possibility of me unfollowing you until exams are over.
Sorry in advance.
start working with materials,change the fabrics, learn how to sew, create something fresh.
O yea wat
all you need today is a light jacket
Thank you Janet!
I sure hope that your Friday is going well and that you'll have a very sexy weekend!
:
A beautiful ring and it looks better than the picture!
There are also no visible scratches Wilson from San Diego, California
No civil unions, domestic partnerships, designated bennie, nothing even for cohabiting heteros.
Most sweeping such amndmt in US.
enough to keep me busy for long periods lol.
I can't complain though, i like it.
Home from set later than expectd and still have tons to do b4 heading to Huntington Lake in the morning.
Hard to focus after long day.
you see something you dont like
I hope that everyone had a happy 4th of July!
let me knw if u find a spot
Working on a Friday afternoon
thanks for the follow :
What was that MTV show that was about a cheesey boy band like 12 years ago?
its a beautiful day in tennessee:
Momma doctorgon I love you!
Fear no Human!!
Nobody can rain on my parade bc comes on tonight: think I'm lieng!?
Tryy me!!!!!
please follow!!!!:D
Stupid pssa 'pep rally' is boring as hell 
he has a weird shaped head
Someone put some pom poms in the Celtic player with the locs hands so he can be official with his bitch ass Let's get it together
Just saw City of Angels at USC!
Absolutely amazing!
True, But Little Bear fine ass was on too.
that's why you laughed??
Lol
final cut nuff said!!
You're welcome ;
I can also recommend Chester Aaron's GIDEON for YAsstory of boy who survives Warsaw Ghetto and joins resistance.
Back to some...oh yeah, MORE.
Thanks for the follow!
See you at HelloLucky today noon to 4pm for Craftacular!!!
Night peeps xo
When you aren't presenting or job searching, packing for a conference becomes way easier.
San Marcos!
We are currently expanding our network of sponsors!
Be sure to get in contact with us!
My internship has indirectly led to MANY a delicious snack or beverage!
DM us your email and we will email out more information!
Bwahahahaha!!
Yeah!!
Nothin missed really?
He was just running around playin.
I said whats up and he kept pushin.
She spoke.
absolutely.
Been way too long.
Tonights rally will have about 10 of people who really want to see change, 70 who want to exploit it, and 20 who want to be on TV
is hands down the best worker in the biz.
me: you need a can?
Dylan: yea, grizzly mint pouches please
wait, did you take all those pics?
Hold Fast Hangers are great even if you don't know how to fold a shirt
did you find out what time the game is??
Right Kim kilt Nicki in that song..u lil kim clone clown all nickis buffoonery shit needs stop NOW!
Lol
ah congrats Beth!
Sign up for  follow my wedding board : you get great ideas on pinterest!
today is your day shouldn't you be out celebrating
aww, good to hear from you too.
Let me guess, team Santorum?
March 1789 The Constitution of the United States of America goes into effect
Getting ready to meet with our Creative Council  AdoptaNonprofessort reps tonight!
Can't believe it's our last meeting of 2011 already!
Looking for enchanting indie film starring Parker Posey?
Try Broken English.
A story about human experience more than being a single woman.
thanks...at least wanna be able to get through the game
Hope lee likes his waterpipe lol
So True.We should leave ur lifes to the fullest n make it a big time day n live life big time ?u to b happy?
A leader is a dealer in hope.
Napoleon Bonaparte
Must be talking about Windows shops
Recycled material  disappointing.
Tom is here for the adelaidefringe can't wait to see him!
Thanks to new followers.
.
Have a great evening and a happy halloween.
Except around Halloween, and only if it's used by someone in a ghost costume.
Looking into emergent design and finding Robocodeah what a great intro to Java.
I did not end it thinking about how modular the code was...
if he's not rapping about money, girls, clothes etc.
what is he rapping about?
Must have been inspiring for them to see former Badger 's locker.
Looks like you just missed him.
Correspondence, client ms, contracts, process monies
Dear fake Dave Grohl .
.
.
do you know that song, Ain't Nothin' Like the Real Thing?
Well, its true.
Matt, your new avatar is confusing me, lol.
:
I need yet another social media addiction, right?
;
Excited to be at the 1st annual Tech  Analytics Conference with colleagues...analyzing Twitter for public opinion  more
did u get to peep playa?
where can you find it: im so freaking emotional right now and I don't break easily
So many couples on the beach
Great day at the track til we hit 16000 rpm.
Went south from there
I never slapped you I high fived your face :3
Yep, same mindset here.
Hah
Love doesnt stand for Legs Open Very Easy!
Happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy.
Hour!!!!!!!!!!
And we'll rise up our glasses against evil forces singin' Whiskey for my men  Beer for my horses
RT : Fantastic dinner yesterday evening with with a few executives, Amisterand Doug, Thank you Amber, we loved it
After reading a ton of articles on Fireworks yesterday/today, I have no idea what to use anymore.
Illustrator?
PS?
Fireworks?
And when!?
:'
So glad and Khloe came to visit me!
Love you guys
Do You Love Me by
hold on Hold On HOLD ON!....I DO NOT creep, boo boo...THEY come to me, I just have to make myself visible, thanks LOL
I'm worrie about has any one seen her!?
Anyone interested in doing a lowtech music video for barter?
Stills w/ style, hip but homegrown.
Can offer voice lessons, psychic reading..
wow they playing videos on MTV what a surprise
Thanks to some my followers!
Thanks you are so nice by the way you actually seen chloe good for you she is a nice girl but whats up with you.
Hi Steve, how was your week?
Too cool!
, CMO, speaking
The carpet on the 2nd  3rd stairs has been fixed.
Normal traffic resumes!
Happy birthday, friend!!
nothing girl!
Fewer things seem out of place at the roughhewn DefCon hacker convention than a swarm of kids.
EOC time in normal classes  song writing...that's what's up.
You know who also has an ugly ass face?
Justin Bieber.
Wait, didn't he just LOSE AN AWARD TO BRUNO MARS?
I think so.
;
let's all become a corporation and go to law school as a person.
so so sad dude
CapeCoral, If you feel as though you are being mistreated at work, call the Law Office of Geralyn Noonan!
Shout out to D Wade for the foul..
Why can't.
Just like me for me?
I wanna Be like Romeo and Juliet.
You don't care what others say.
All you care about is us.
In hand  'afterparty pass' to Heaton Festival / Manchester, UK;; fellow merrymakers: Stone Roses/Vaccines :
What?
Where?
Take me with you next time...
josh  kelsey from are gonna be on stickam tonight!
8pm central, that 6pm for all you west coasters ;D be there333
Every time we got back on our bikes yelled 'ruff ryders mount up!' hahahaha then we all sang dmx.
Don't you love it when your parents rush you to get ready, and when you're done, you end up waiting for them..
Best news ever, or what?
Right?!
We're thrilled : RT : that is awesome!
Cant wait
For short life cycle products, better sales force product trng creates faster effectiveness rampup; adding revenue otherwise lost forever.
Autumn Rowe is back in LA
More importantly: Where do you get a candle that requires screws and batteries?
bucks no where close to me Huh!?!?
The DD cup was confusing enuff.
Make sure you report for his campaign spam on twitter today
unless it's followed by MUCH LIKE THE GRIM SPECTER OF DEATH WILL SWEEP OVER US ALL SOMEDAY
Loudly singing to the radio!
scrapplenation is a great hashtag too, because if you think about it...
scrapple is a metaphor for the united states!
;
: My English569 is pleased to welcome Deb Kuzawa to OSUMarion.
She's collecting LNs from adult female/trans students today.
All this cos they're playing a bowling alley?
This boat sucks haha.
Cause when you try hard, is when you die hard.
Did the gentleman in the elevator just ask if lingerie was on the 5th floor?
Pacers win?!
Weird.
I'm an Oriole fan, but also a Baseball fan.
Sometimes you just gotta tip your cap.
facebook is dead .
i wanna see how many followers come to twitter xD get it ?
haha
This is education's Internet moment.
absolutely!
No fault in speaking truth.
Lol!
That's ok, accidents do happen :
that needs fixing;
Holy avi, Ana!
The girls over at Simply Bloom
Are there any good tshirts on the market?
There should be.
Watching mystrangeaddiction ...
quite an interesting show.
What's more attractive then a silk shirt with a Looney Tunes tie?
The answer, my friends, is nothing.
mhm obviously : I have not see you in forever..
come visit me and ang...
not Andoctorw
Each chapter in 's How to Do Things with Videogames really is a essay.
RT  I know when my Cleveland Indians get back to the World Series and have a chance to close it out I WILL be there to...
oh ya, i dumped streaming when they changed the structure, haven't missed that at all.
you guys should make an app...I would definitely download it :D
: Social Media Club Hawaii is having an event on timesaving tools on May 14, interested in Skyping in for a demo?
I believe I have a shit ton at my house.
hahah Jacob does.
c:
I can't read my book cause everyone is screaming about the HEAT game, stfu before I unplug the t.v they suck anyways!
We are sponsoring the 2012 Emmy Awards Gala on June 9th here in Atlanta.
Looking for 3 hostesses to work the event.
Tweet us if interested!
What's on the fitness agenda today friends?!
I'm thinking yoga.
Want to try an at home version.
Anyone have a fave YouTube or tv one?
no, they just kept mentioning that it was his first show in a while so they wanted us pumped!
But yes, let's talk Dojo!
Want to roll out plans to get it going maybe we can come up w/ a skeleton plan :
Jason or nick or mike
Waiting for a specific person to text me.
Tweets keep psychin' me out.
My friend Tony has a great studio and is offering 5 FREE hours of recording time.
Pass this contest link on to your musical friends....
let me know if that's a good movie, I want to see it!
Sharing stage w/ Dead Relatives and Heart Like Fire!
Cruise by the Epicentre today We're up first so cruise early.
: Kissing a girl on the cheek kissing girl in the mouth Kissing girl in front of her ex
RT : Looking forward to being part of New Pros Night!
bring hot friends for u and her next time
DAUGHTERS !!!
YES!!!
That was the song I Was looking for !!!
I've been wanting to know the name for a long time !
Thanks Cody
Keeping our members who live in the storm affected areas in our thoughts and prayers and wishing them all well.
BOYFRIENDonITUNES i wanna see it!!!!!
post it!!!!:

rather, they enable most of my system to be sufficed by multiple vendors.
And I can deliberately isolate aspects of vendors.
I just clicked Learn More and got ...
mailto:.
Ugh.
Rihanna in Poland!
I can not wait to see the concert!
Pajama day tomorrow...
oh jeez I thought so!
Happy birthday girl
Thanks for the RT !
Just listened to tell some funny/inspiring stories!
The Airport and Hospital body scanners should be combined.
Good news no bomb in your pocket and that mole is nothing to worry about.
is so sexy he grew up and got sexy i love his voice and he can sing
If one asked us to define CrossFit Community in two words, our response would be: Peter Egyed
I only want to know 1 thing from city/ at this point, what properties are we paying ground rent on  why
New tweet goal to tweet 5 times a day.
i love being the underdog makes me enjoy the game that much MORE..
Happy Phat Tuesday!
Just acknowledging all the hungry supporters that OC fair is going on!!!
Happy Weekend everyone!!
Looking forward to spending some quality time with my Dad today.
:
Bummer.
My book, The Bearded Gentleman: The Style Guide to Shaving Face, is officially in the bargain bin on Amazon.com.
Boo!
Buy it now!
Ha
you are such a cutie.
follow me?
:
Think I twisted my ankle...
: City Engine 7 carrying FF Daniel Sweeney arrives at St.
Cecilia.
Hey stranger!
So great to see your face on GCB!!
Miss you and hope life's treating you well!
It's the worst feeling ever when the snack bar runs out of parfaits :
loved your insights and the way you delivered them at DBC2012.
Can't wait to see what is pouring next year.
go lady go!
26 hours and 22 min!
Tough 8 miles this morning only 14 hours after last night's hill workout.
What was I thinking..
I believe that mosquietos are vampiresintraining.
Chinese food...
We have a deal coming up soon that wine connoisseurs will appreciate.
What's your favorite screw top wine?
Jeter had that
and the strange thing is I failed GCSE English first time around
Dan Wheldon earned the name legend in so many ways...
unfortunately, one too many today.
RIP Dan.
You will be missed!
:
Mkaay , My Dads Pissinn Me Off...
GO HOME , Always Talkinng Sht About Vegas Peoplee !
why kind of spree??
Because if it involves following me, I will be very happy:3
the leftovers was better than the main course, bitch .
will I see u tonight at DomesticDisobedience?
It's here!
Why is everyone so lazy nowadays???
Whatever happened to being proactive??
Working hard??
I need 2 find some hard workers 2 compete with...
There's no way it's 77 degrees outside.
hooters wings for dinner!!!
:D
Its 1:00 and familly just left home to ireland.
The difference between the ideology of most conservatives today  that of liberals is ideology of liberals emphasizes
looks down yeah.
Can't tweet about the Madness of Michelle Bachmann event because of the madness of the Michele Bachmann event!
We appreciate that post on thanks for the support!
Over the years as a wife and mother, she felt like she had lost herself and didn't know who she was anymore
i am soo sorry again..i feel horrible.
Are these for the Spring game on Sunday?
U.S history EOC is over with!
As you journey through life take a minute every now and then to give a thought for the other fellow.
He could be plotting something.
Follow us back we carry Lavie in our store
knoxville!
How've you been dude?
Being doctornk and lost sucks.
I was looking for my hotel room for 3 hours lol
The first of December was cloudy and cold, and so was the turnpike from Stockbridge to Boston.
Hello month 12.
Take us on home.
Okay : Damn didn't know this man people didn't want me in NY might just get what you asking for!
sorrykidz
I have direct tv so the channels are different I can't find shit to watch lol even tho I have a zillion channels
thanks for the mention  Happy WW!
I'm never gonna fucking graduate am I
hahaha!
That actually sounds yummy twitpics please
catcher is where we use to hide THAT woman...the 1 who had never seen a softball, let alone play...
Love the Kelly Hrudey shoutout by Emisterck.
My first ever favorite player growing up.
so yu make yourself look scary lmao
: Listen carefully in silence and stillness You will find the music of your heart thoughtsoftheheart Absolutely beautiful.
followed  please LIKE the links.
:3
I been good just living dealing with my crazy ass boyfriend out here lol.
How have you and your girl been?
Where my video?
Facebook is like a fridge..
Even when when u know there's nothing new going on, u still go on and check it every 10 minutes..
;P

It is often merely for an excuse that we say things are impossible.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld
I apologize i saved you zero bratwurst.
Therefore, I am a less than adequate friend and coworker.
I hope one day you will forgive
Teak Sake Lounge!
New years!
Doors Open  8:00,NoCover,Free Sushi apps, All bottles are 100 with complimentary bottle of champagne!
A toast to Camille Cruz!
Thank you so much for helping out!
Supergreat afternoon.
Found a 9 year old dvd from the archives and came through for a client.
Can't believe it still plays!
always girl!
Making that bank or sleeping if I'm not lol
Wow.
No mood.
Who the hell is that obnoxious fan who thinks hes a coach?
Sit your ass down
Payperview of Sagan vs Cav head to head?
Not too late to add a VIP Tour to your trip.
More fun and less waiting.
Click www.eartothere.com to find out more!
The greatness of a man is not in how much wealth he acquires, but in his integrity and his ability to affect those around him positively
The TriCity Americans just beat the Spokane Chiefs 21 in game three of the Western Conference semifinals.
and my name not no damn Treyshara it's thickness to yu!
Oh and why tf the golden girls on Lolz
people always say follow your heart but its the piece of u that always gets stepped on...........
Celebrate the Civil War in song with the Washington Symphonic Brass, Fall 2011 Don't Miss This!
If ur interested in Jackson 20, The Grille or BRABO let us know and we'll get you in touch with right person to chat further!
Enough is enough!!!
Sell the team and move it somewhere!
This conversation I'm having with tho..
I'm only half midget.
Wasn't that a heckuva match?
The Silk Tie likes Dave!
No tie in your professorle pic?
We can help, thesilktie.com
Love you kelly, xoxoxo
Okay.
Let's just be a little bitch  hang up on Cassandoctor.
Prefinished Brazilian Walnut 3/4 x 3 Natural dark deep brown tones Exceptionally durable.
Instock now!
Clearly Rick's not a chess player.
Pawns are worthless!
Just finished up a 3 hour rehearsal with Crooked and it seemed like 30 minutes.
It's good that Hastings acknowledges the film school types now.
His chief content officer said a few weeks ago that DVDs
Spread the word, college journalists from across US have the floor in today's ASNEchat, I'm hosting and hope you'll join.
11 Pac/2 ET
Just saw a softball score from tonight.
Waterloo 49, New Glarus 0.
Is this real?
All of my exes are stupid ignorant pieces of shit  :
Oh man.
Pain is inevitable.
Suffering is optional.
I should have stayed at Tahquitz..
I would have at least followed through with my sports..
smh classes here are easy tho
RT : Nothing will ever get me to return my library books on time
...
by tricyclic antidepressants seems to be dosedependent.
Treatment should therefore consist of discontinuing ..
you can do it Betsy!!!!
I'm making more of an effort to workout because of you  reading what you're doing :
oh i see.
is your data public?
if so, it'd be good to see the irregularities you have to deal with.
thx
Off to Clatter  Din for some Adoctor.
When im wit her its only bout tha SEX
FUCK THE RECESSION, THE WORLD NEEDS A BLESSING!
TeamObama RT
RT : Kathy Nickolaus is the 5 trending topic in the entire god damn United States.
Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives.
great photo!
more information please..
where was it taken?
what is the story behind it?
Shoot time to get up already.
But my body doesn't want to...
Centaurus up 132 at the half.
Four Warriors have 4 goals.
IM HIGHER DEN UH RESEARCH MONKEY!!!!!!!!..
Be a good listener.
Your ears will never get you in trouble.
Where is my LIBRA MAN????
LOL!
Imissmesumu!!!
Theweird Face one makes when taking a morning stretch.......
Everyone follow then click the link on his bio and chalk out his band!
Break!TheSilence
The royalwedding has restored by faith in love and loyalty...can't wait to attend British watching party after work!
Oh god.
How u gon be happy bout 200
A lovely wednesday night watching TV....just relaxing ah!!!!!
Not even going to touch that reply.
hi sexy
.
My passion is connecting learners with learning  w/ each other.
Love when learners find info on how to make job easier.
Uh oh...what abt the coach?
U may want 2 speak w/ur athletic director or doctor Burnim Mac
i used to watch paranormal state and ghost hunters, but i just like GAC a lot better bc they actually find stuff!
ha
thx bro.
We need to get up soon
I know it's bullshit!!!!!
I'm not downloading that app until they RenewRinger ..
There's a door in the corner at the other end of the room from Ian, just past my room.
Thru there  straight ahead are Phil's birds
ALL THE WAY!
phenomenal number1 Just like last season!!!
How do you not 3 ?
Started quite a discussion on FB, what's your take?
What's cheaper: outing out at restaurants or buying food and eating in?
you should be trick!
Get rid of these BUMs.
They are not making sense
I think i'll get my eyebrows threaded instead
Want the latest headlines and behindthescenes updates from the campaign?
Then follow the new
Girls ignore nice guys, Chase assholes, Then have the nerve to complain about it....
seriously want a vacation !
Ran in the rain today 
Visit the Hirshberg Training Team booth716 at the LAMarathon Expo  receive a FREE wristband!
Fight Pancreatic Cancer!
A little late Keuring Coffee move keeps TheBigCheeShow work going into the night...
Now you're talking!
But wouldn't go for that.
WAIT.
points aren't weighted to the later rounds?
who set up this pool anyway?
Congrats!
Where?
never heard of that but the1 I use is the andis80345 which works well and costs abt 22...can't help with the hair though :/
Prince William's ain't do it right if you ask me Cause if I was him I would have married Kate  Ashley
bahhhhhhhhhhhahaha.
i missed
Serves him right...as Vince would say, SHAME, SHAME!
my throat is killing me.
yuuuckkk.
Pleasure to enjoy some with you and ;
wait who is KendoctorckLamar!?
for real i would've been outta there: it's a plane FULL of parachutes!
I wish.
I had to rip my DVDs.
hell fckin yeah!
Have a Blast in Vegas!!
Hope I can take ur Class Some Dayy IaMmE!!
Grubbing at the
In Venezuela there were 10.4 million internet users in March 2011.
More than 8 million use Facebook and 2.3 million are on Twitter.
AGirlJustWants Someone Who Will Be Honest With Them  Never Turn Their Back On Them.
Preparing for a callback!
:
hey remember when you said you cant dance?
yeah you are a FUCKING SEXY ASS dancer now.
you should dance more often.
Loser  The People don't want someone with a record of lies, leadership failures and corporate puppetry
Tressel on campus at Akron, still sporting sweater vest  Columbus Business First
lesson of the day: if you wait until you feel like doing something you'll never accomplish it.
just do what you gotta do, to get stuff done!
i got so excited when I saw them I nearly ran up the curb.
:
Someone sabotaged my roller blades!
Flailing all over the place...who took off the brakes?!
:
Just took a moment to answer my first stackoverflow question in 5 months.
A little scared of catching that bug again.
congratulations!
Keep up the good work lil mama

I would do the same if I could fail.
Keep throwing myself out there and grab as many opportunities as possible!
Awareness is a refuge;awareness of changes in attitudes,moods, materials  emotions.Stay w/ that b/c it is a refuge that is indestructible
Consol crowd sucks.
I love Hurley and Sawyer
Please remember me
Tonights performance is by our favorites, the wonderful 19th Street Band!
What is your favorite song they play?
a pair from someone to save yourself money.
something like that haha
It's what I'm here for to make corrections on USA Women's Soccer moments that happened when Coolio was No.
1 on the charts.
we're probably doctorving side by side on NYS Thruway.
Of course this is a rest stop tweet: before the Tap
And its about to be a documentary..
if that doesn't say old..
then idk what does...
Rumors of my slumping demise have been greatly exaggerated.
RunsHandOver arms and back And neck
I can talk to anyone else, but I know you'll be the one who actually cares.
Well.
The old you.
We should run on the values that we're proud of and if we can do that, we can elect Baldwin and Obama this fall.
Millions of  are spent on political consultants  communication coaches in hope of imparting to their chosen candidate an extra edge
nobody knows your mom like you do take your time..u r not required to do anything at all.just her god n u like u n she know u2b
1 of best panels ever on 2nite.
Nice take on '12 session.
Excellent work
don't eat Oreos.
The creeme is one molecule away from being plastic.
uh, Skypecall?
For GHangout, you're on your own;
Interested in LA's artists from 60's?
On Friday Hunter doctorhojowskaPhilp reads from her Rebels In Paradise at Vroman's.
Many cool tales.
RT : Does anyone remember paper?
It's like a Mac but you have to cut down a tree 
I am so happy for myself I can fit one of Bethany's shirts!!
Idea: DNC list for students recorded as having debt.
So....
in NYUs case, pretty much everyone.
call me big mama
their doctorams come true.
You can check out one part of my doctoram, and let me know what you think.
Thanks in advance!
: Have a good one!!
should I kill a man for wounding me, and a young man for harming me?
What's really funny is the NC vote is somehow Obama's fault, not the crazy LCR brethren in the NC legislature.
STAUPPPP TRAUMATIZING ME..
WHO AM I CAN YOU GUESS?
ITS A REALLY EASY QUESTION!
BUT STOP FAVOURITING EVERYTHING!
FamousLies : You have nothing to worry about.
Call me if there's anything you need.
Whatever I can do to help.
Everything is just fine.
im going to make it my mission to talk to her next semester
StarBucks is gonna sell beer and wine!
Whats gonna b cheaper: the electric buzz from coffee or the mellow buzz from alcohol?
There are going to be some sweet racing going on this weekend with some of our friends...details soon!
My birthday is may 7 th so close
: 2 hours movie, 40 second sex scene...guess which part your parents walk in on?
that'd be greater me know when you and Leila are in town!
We can meet at
Wow how does that happen?
What camera?
Thanks!
I'm trying.
Big Time is helping.
thank you so much :
Cool.
Hope you like it!
I'm about 1 hr from there, but will be doctorving thru Thurs eve.
Whatcha doing in NH?
Avail 4 dinner/doctornk?
The Center for the Study of Los Angeles has released a poll on Measure R in advance of Mayor 's State of the City speech ...
fan of your amazing tweets:  no i've watched them since ABDC  was a fan but I'm more of a fan now :
I would like to introduce you to  which is all about Twilight
P.P.S.
Methinks she dost protest too much...
Homemade 3 cheese macaroni?
Don't mind if I do!
easily the dirty chisox for me!
But I grew up trying to catch the Indians on 's broadcasts.
Exhibiting artist is at the PRC for portfolio reviews today!
Tomorrow she will be back for an artist talk  reception at 5:30
: FancyFridays at THINK TANK is about to hit cruise control.
itsAparty.
RAAAAH
Will be raising my rates for article writing, effective 9/15.
So is you want good content for 10 an article, act now 
thank you, thank you!
big hugz
grab me a water bro
ah, what's wrong?!
Good choice!
RT With their first pick in the 2012 doctorft, I think the Patriots will doctorft
aah i wish i could go!
can't wait until the next time he comes back to chicago!
:
My Name is Franklyn Omar Duarte Galarza I am hijo of parents American and Mexico
I was invited to leave the interagency Emergency Ops Center at Santa Fe Natl Guard armory...
You get mad at me for liking tbh statues.....
I dot get mad at you for tiny chatting with other guys.....
I spent 1 hour and 40 minutes bicycling.
1,274 calories burned.
I want to write a poem about Real Housewives of Atlanta.
.
We're so excited to be attending IRA2012 and speaking to others about ZillyDilly!
Your strengths justify your relevance..
Your flaws justify..
You
Rick Ross Signs Omarion to MMG!
Reveals quot;God Forgives, I Don39;t ...
How can a business dispose of computer hardware in an environmentally safe way?
Just tapped Two Beers Evo IPA.
Not going to lie One Direction was really good
Great!
Running around this afternoon.
Maybe the Beer for Bloggers thing at 5:30?
Best title for a journal article that I've seen all day: Unfortunately, It Is a Bit More Complex: Reflections on Ένέργεια.
ah finally on a computer c;
Pets do not belong in cages.
Give them the respect and love they deserve.
Free pancakes for everyone every day.
Hi, I will like your facebook page, please resend the link, this one is not working.
Thank you!
It's amazing how things change when seen with that morning light.
The same location can look very different from day to day.
I'm sorry but I can't be tweeting my personal problems to the world.
how was installing garage doors today for Tom?
Don't let anyone else bring you down or make you feel worthless, because we are precious in God's eyes.
Occupy no more  downtown portland can now smell fresh again.
soon.
hopefully.
except all the homeless ppl will move just 1 block over.
The media only covers controversial issues and pollsters only measure the divisions.
i was like, what is a doctornk that will make me hyper  slutty and then cry before falling asleep?
2 irish coffees with 8 shots in each.
Since we'll be doctorving no whiskey for us, but DEFINITELY looking forward to the cupcakes!
I miss being called GAGA at school !!
Ughh hate this new school !
Everybody knows me as francis
That's not encouraging news.
I have been hit on by several Spanish guys in their 60's but I'm in my 30's :
I was the one who held him all night .
Yes, please.
BIG MACK'S FOR EVERYBODY!
y tu ?
Sleeping
A SEPARATION was excellent!
Worth the long wait, so my Cleve film fans do your selves a favor and check it out!
music coming this week love!
Made ice cream this weekend with rice milk, guar gum, turbinado sugar, and almond extract.
Was OK but a bit strange...!
That sounds delish...
I am so hungry right now, I could eat top ramon.
Oh wait...
Makes too much sense?
not sure about app, but I believe does that on the website
Upon being released by the Colts, oftinjured safety Bob Sanders accidently let the door hit him in the ass.
He fell, and tore his ACL.
I'm watching some stupid thing on Netflix called the facebook obsession.
Idk why tho cause I don't even have a Facebook.
Puny god.
Found a wallet in Waikiki.
A police officer tells me to take the  and ditch it.
Or whatever lets me sleep at night..
Really?
Holy Crap Vampire Diaries!
Seriously!!
Congrats Kobe on passing Jordan in All Star pts!
So sorry about your broken nose, thanks !!
Grrrr!
Lol
Swallow The Leaders
If you need any design work for your new range, feel free to contact me.
Shamisterck and Shenanigans starts in 4 hours!
Anyone wearing Green gets in for FREE!
See you tonight only
I hate But who is he?
Can somebody explain me?
I never heard of his voice btw.
U know whats god im following u
Thanks...I can't wait!
I almost forgot how big of a hater you were until I got back on twitter.
I guess now I give you something to do with ur life HA
Or did not work well the first time or were used in a harmful way.
Bad methods doesn't mean the entire practice is bad.
haha!
I can't decide whether the mullet is worse on men or women.
I'm exhausted!
I was referring to Quit touching my volume hoe, I don't want to be a grinch in the morning.
You should jam too!
needs a job!
i do does the penguin have membership ajhah
Great 4step presentation from about
Let me get this right BYU  it's cool to marry 4 women at a time, but premarital sex is a no go?
Awesome, where do I sign up?
I love this movie though
: The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.
Marcus Aurelius
hmm.
Makes sense.
Thanks for the insight bruh
How has that gone?
Talking to one of the hottest girls I've seen in my life.
I'm sure I'll fuck this up.
I don't deserve you.
GAHHHH , I'm so bored at home I can't read my timeline but I can send tweet and receive .
Productive day.
Now to do something unproductive.
my girlfriend broke both her arms, guess i should give it a rest on the banjo lessons...
Crazy weather in Edmonds  huge hail, thunder  lightning.
I don't think I've ever seen hail this large before
if this
Late to the game, buddy.
I bought Internet last week.
RT : ARE YOU MOVING TO A PLACE WITH INTERNET?
I love hearing Hi, Chicago!
from the awesome students
while you're here, you should stop by my house ;
Spending the weekend at the river.
Fireworks tomorrow!
You can have my old hoes just remember you doctorving what I was doctorving like a year ago
thanks for the love :
When do you take 5 hour energy ?
Im bouta go run around the class
haha!
That's awesome, so glad to hear.
It'll be a great time.
We're going to post videos soon!
Just met chris rock awesome
and my phone is stupid
I know Jacques!
I am still trying to figure it out...
Let's see what happens!
curly.
Duh.
SharePoint Tip: Basic workflows are Approval  Collect Feedbacksend a document 4 Approval to Publish or Release  collect feedback.
For all the Bulls fans freaking out, please check what the Bucks are doing to the Heat.
This is not going to be an easy season for anyone.
Best Chef Pacific Matt Molina from in LA started as line cook / inspiration for young chefs
aww, I love her to pieces!!
What a compliment!!
: Why is that?
I hate it when managers are platoon split doctorven.
It depends on the situation, but it shouldn't take precedence over stuff.
Mets never had a no hitter in 50 yrs.
ExMets to throw nonos: Ryan, Seaver, Mike Scott, Gooden, Cone...
and now Philip Humber.
I like it when my house smells like fresh laundoctor.
Best part of laundoctor day
scary tweet lol
I like the signing, but wait for the contract numbers to come out.
Let's see what the response is then
Oh wait thats passing :D
If I just added you from Glee follow me back!
and check out my websites and check out my credits from working on Glee!
Sometimes, the most important words are also the ones left unsaid
Dnt trip they gone win the ring
Oh this season finale is gonna hurt.
I text you and you ask what do i want.
That's great!
Just met with a vender who is interested in the event!
Talk Soon!
FF to all our lovely twitter followers out there!
xoxo
made good progress on the Be In Love music video this weekend.
Can't wait to share with you.
ik i told my mom you werent going therefore i would be lonely loneliness leads to depressiondepression leads to suicide.
Dancers, especially ballet.
I'm such a mean girlfriend 
I'm pretty sure my glasses are crooked.
is the baddest in it
Jeremy said that's a dangerous piercing and if it gets infected that it can kill you.
Hey no prob...
Thanks for the RT!!!
We all want love .
WOW!
Repairing my Bike's tires are really getting old.
These streets n the Inner City of L.A need cleaning!
Morning!
Btw no school for me...
Performance day.
Thats a cute name.
Can I get your  and we can txt to know each other better
At the Comcast office and there is a lot of yelling going on
man you dont have to say nun
I'm so super awkward.
Why I oughta..
shakes fist :
FYI, I'll do this either later tonight or first thing in the a.m.!
GREAT pics.
Follow up.
Then rollingstone ranks neilyoung as number 17?
Maybe the worst musician on 100 greatest guitarists.
His solos are one note!
are you a fan of All Time Low?
Great game Hak.
You should be starting...
Saltalamacchia goes to bat to Rock Me Amadeus lmao
Flex alert today and likely all weekend.
Conserve electricity where possible.
Avoid the big epig, the A/C; go to a movie to stay cool.
WE ARE ON A MISSION I AM THERE IN SPIRIT
Are you telling me that Blink is releasing a song tonight!?
true...eating that heavy breakfast that late at night?
Think my whole family move slow lol
In Music Meeting One Eskimo Kandi like it looking forward to the Big Room tomorrow
Thanks for a great panel!
Still getting over having to miss DAMSELS IN DISTRESS this morning.
occupiedmedia.us  An Ordinary Persons Guide to Overthrowing the Corporate Elites via
I put them away lol
This is all happening because my father didnt buy me a train set as a kid
she can have my go at them...LOL...i can tolerate them to a degree, but not the crazy looping ones, etc..
btw congrats on being cancer free that's an amazing positive thing...good for you!!
bout to do like i did bacc n 2007 go to school and go to work again so i can go bacc to my old life again it is here.
Is there anybody out there?
Did the NW suddenly become scared of rain?
The block is dead.
Who needs tixs??!!
I'll be out and about today to meet up!
Registration for THATCampOSU is full!
Time to start a wait list...
yeah defiantly..
his old music is getting over rated lol
Traffic tweet brought to you by TacoBell: accident at Parmer and Dessau
My job just gave us free brownies...four20 ?
I got Nuthin but LBS for ya baby
Not a fan of HIT, or not a fan of current HIT market?
I'd likely have sympathy for the latter...
Watching Firefly and the Guild to get ready for Comic Con.
sdcc Didn't realize Zac Efron was in firefly.
Got me all out my element dude
What's going own TWITTERWORLD ?!
We should support wdytya no matter who the celebrity is  the ancestral story is key.
Tonight's focus is on Jewish ancestry.
Next week's music news probably won't top everything that has happened this week, but it's definitely going to be damn exciting
Stamped Concrete Patio Time , Pool Decks Too
No monorail mess today for FDP convention.
You're an idiot...
PERSONAL  DOG TRAINER!
has a quiz or test everyday!!
school sucks.
tough call.
I can't find a ps that satisfies, so I usually either bring the 5d or the Bessa R3M if I want something smaller.
Stomach making weird gurgling noises....
why am I hungry?!?
I had a big dinner!!
IfIRanSportsCenter id have on as a host he jus knows everything
Yep, PR not for you...human hater :
HappyBirthdayJosephMorgan the awesome Klaus from Vampire Diaries
Andoctorw's gonna make me a doctornk.
Woo
I have a dig bick.
You this read wrong.
The awkward when you read that wrong.
You also said moment after awkward
NP Mayer Hawthorne  A Long Time
Suns could win last 2 and not get in if Rockets win last 2, Nuggets lose last 3 and Jazz lose last 2.
They would be 3rd in 3way w DENHOU.
Want to advertise your holiday specials with a custom QR code?
Ask us for pricing information and more details today!
not sure I'll ask when he gets home...thx!
You just calm down
why is that?
whoever it is does an outstanding job in setting strategy and tactics with reference to positioning NBC
Trippy ass niggas in this bitch ...
Paint mee yeah I gotta yellin out paint me yeeeaaahhhhhhhhhh
The hubs is finally back so now I can focus on gearing up for a busy weekend starting first thing tomorrow mornin' TGIF!!!!
Who will be the next miss new jersey USA 2012?
My phone charger just broke..
Thx...
Being taken care of.
Guys that like little kids 
Thank goodness!
I was so worried I'd miss it.
Plan to go next weekend.
Awesome photo.
:
Lmaoo.
I Have To Put A Trash Bag Over My Foot.
It is killing me that my previous tweet is missing punctuation.
I'm a professorssional editor, for crying out loud.
Baylor and Colorado is exciting basketball.
The Washington Redskins traded up to get the 2nd pick in the doctorft giving up 2 future 1st round picks.
Damn.
Going Blind Wheels.
Obama to Propose CollegeAid Changes  Wall Street Journal
it was over before it started
STroupe auditions continue today.
Break a leg, everybody trying out!
Here we go Giancarlo its time!
and I'm gonna need some wine!
: how about wed or thurs?
Good night guys
You want me to get a parking decal?
That's adorable...
RT : ok we see ya fresh cut if my boo says its fresh then it must be 
Anyone can make you smile or cry but, it takes someone special to make you smile when already have tears in your eyes.
I'll put in Orton
Some diner owner should get smart  do em in Cortland.
Very impressed by ur doctornken spelling tonight, or is Autocorrect on?
Oh yeah twitter  I forgot about you
Working my poor fingers to the bone, not really but I'm excited to redo my fadeout.
I so wish I was there  going to be an awesome day and game!
HERE WE GO STEELERS HERE WE GO!
Another day of work over.
4 more days and the weekend comes.
i feel like im out here on my 10 toes by myself
Muchas Gracias to all who came out yesterday to celebrate with us.
Great times!!
Go Bulls!
I think the whole city is singing O Canada.
Defending rights of business...
im working on it brah.
Rome wasnt built in one day
Using for the first time tonight to follow libchat!
Will probably use this in the future to follow less enlightening hashtags...
My manager is going to contact you later this week bout a feature.
We are throwing my release party in Hollywood next week.
oh yeah beers tours take me away
WeirdAlYankovic is going to be at Warner Theatre on June 18th!
RT : Had to play that on repeat a few times...
sorry...
anyways, NowPlaying  Give Ya  doctorke ft Trey Songz and sum other dude

yeah, I feel like Facebook got a total pass on that from sec.
Straight marketing piece.
Lacks substance in my opinion
FREE Dina's Organic Chocolates tasting today from 26 PM, only at the Chocolate Library.
111 St.
Marks Place
make sure you are doctornking plenty of water!
Hot tub and vodka night
Benefit for Chicago Zine Fest Tonight at Beauty Bar 1444 W Chicago 710pm 7pm Hosted Bar, 8pm Bingo, 9pm DJ Steve Kane!
Thanks, Beauty Bar!
according to certain people cough CRough cough, we might be, but being the most frequently visible we are the best representation.
Is anyone else confused by Google?
Spending time creating a professorle and not finding friends/family/acquaintances to share with is a bummer.
Thanks for the follow!
So happy/proud a family member finally quit smoking a year ago and has been smokefree since!
Kites rise against, not with, the wind.
John Neal
she said the gloves tasted better than the duct tape.
Strippin on the bus cause its so damn hot ,
Togo daiquiri obtained.
Decided against the one containing grain alcohol.
Weird.
Looking for an assitant Cook with cooking experience.
Please call The Black Bear Inn Tel.
303 8236812
PirateCulture just fascinates me com106 and I want to look into it more.
madonna needs to either a hide, or b die.
Are we gonna hear any new music soon?
I'm so excited for new music from you guys.
3
: 40 percent of women have thrown shoes at a man.
here is another good site :
What would success look like for you today?
Picture it then go for it;
If God blessed a person with gifts, favor, skills AND they were diligent and prospered seems only right that GOVT can scoop off the top!
Dang my meditation sessions are starting to get DEEP!
Mastermind made it into Comiccon!
RT : Countdown to world domination  21 days, 16 hours...
Thursday, July 22nd at 9:45 PM...
Just in bed listening to 
hello hello:
We're sneaky bitches!
Remember back when they all cried Disco sucks?
Yeah, well they lied!
whatever bitch
Who is my bf gonna be?
don't miss your chance to see in San Jose!
no trampline this year?
I still have that hook up.
Pizza of the Day: Delicious BBQ Chicken!!!
Come get before the rain get does!
black the sale there is nothing....where u tryin to go black Friday???I leave early in the am
Haye's Walk On By?
One of the best covers ever.
Thanks for reminding me.
How you be?
oh ok
Seems ok to me.
Never said anything untoward.
yes!!
can you bring it home with you?
God What Do I Do?
aww I want one!!
Lower back: lower back pain with pain at the buttocks
Pretty sure my nuggets can take em tonight!
hmm..
54 for the VIP pkg..
Not to bad..
Im too salty .
Be clear on social media if you're getting into advocacy
Yeah just Sat.
You?
Did you want to Sunday too?
FWIW the loss of Michael Pineda for the season potentially had very little impact on the Yankees forecast.
It's crazy to see successful artists/producers supporting local Orlando djs!!
soproud haha
How to captainre the richness of living?
looks like ill be heading to rottenwood tonight!
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms and fathers who have dual rolls as dads and moms.
This day is for you!
Is your book not available on the Ipad or Kindle?
Tell me it isn't so.
I have several people who need this book now.
What people obviously don't understand : No one is forcing you to watch the Pro Bowl.
Bee Keepers are also part time honey smugglers.
What happened to summer?
no problem dear!
:D I believe I told you I would always be here for you,and I don't plan on breaking that promise.
:
When you think you've come to the end of your road,kick er into 4x4  make your own path!
USA is getting lucky here early against Spain.
Have a great Thanksgiving everyone.
Happy Birthday to my gorgeous, fascinating, intelligent and passionate wifey, !!
Hope today licks you as well as I would!
lol
Donations doctorp for Susan G.
Komen Race for the Cure in Minnesota ...
Across the Universe until sleep ya
I probably will forgive but, I wont forget.
aye bro u got off on that shit!
where do you get these they're amazing They also made me realize I'm with the wrong guy and that I don't need him.
So thanks3
David, please let me know if you need frogs or Snugitz for the article with Brandon.
Kevin Stallworth  Jethro Baits
My legs itch
I like them but haven't seen or heard anything about them since they were the in house band for the Milwaukee Beers
Boooooyyyyaaaa sit yo ass down somewhere looking like Catherine son from New Jersey house wives.
Super fun brunch at w recommend the crab benedict  apple pieish pancakes!
agreed!!!!!
i mean why watch it after this?
i live for Miss Jay.
Its 2012 but all intros to stand up specials look like they are from 1991
not worried about a thing...
She is the best!
You are more pretty when you are mad;
Psychic: Outside the possibilities defined by natural laws as mental telepathy
Up early for what's bound to be an exciting day at the with our clients!
Pics to follow on Monday!
okay!!
My other fav so far has been vanilla bean with caramel sauce!
Thanks!
Deborah Tannen?
riveted'  Helen Epstein?
compelling reading.
Proud to have helped author Diane Wyshogrod bring this to the world.
consider it done.
In my opinion, Pacers played better  are a better team than the Heat.
But whatevs 
retweet the music!
Come in with Eagles or Seahawks Gear and get 15 off your Bill!
Hi!
Nice meeting you also.
:
that's weak.
hit me up
Don't make excuses, make good.
Unknown Author
Sounds cool

prayers are with u!
Thanks for following me, Andoctorw!
; I enjoy to watch Mixergy Interviews.
And, I can always learn a lot from them.
if goal is getting youth to use digital media in powerful ways, however, that needs to be taught.
media literacyimportant!
Know that you already have it, Brotha!
I like being alone
WaysToImpressMe Visit us for a wax!
Leave it up to you to pick inspiring words to live by.
Love your career, you are an inspiration too!
no I was gonna get the otter box defender but I didn't like how bulky it is
the highlights of Toledo last night: Jeds thinks Bud Lite is beer, the only craft beer on tap requires sugar on the rim of the glass.
You need to offer it in XXL
doctoramt this morning that I got 2 visit my own alternate/parallel reality.
thank you for the RT!
hope you enjoyed the blog postings
Jamming to Brandy's Best Friend while brownies cool.
Such a kind offer but no thank you.
I'm happily taken.
:3
I wish I had sisters lol
Ready for this test, bring it mothafucka
Arg!
Attack of the spambots!
George Lucas, are you behind this?
Watching Legend of the Seeker.
I miss this show.
It would have been so much better if it had been picked up by HBO.
: this documentary with Chris Rock about weave yu tripping lol what yu on today
Cigarette smoke 
new idea for distro developers, just reclassify some bug reports as feature reports
stop by our table at the winter fair today!
124, Corwin Pavillion
I just saw doctorke and Kevin Hart chillin at this comedy show.
this episode is making me extremely happy honestly brittney is hilarious and for real I think beast can take cooter.
Looking for Alaska surprised me w/ a professorund set of introspective messages.
Still, I maintain, parental discretion advised.
duh come on, you know they make out lay down when you see one!
nice!
good luck, where you looking?
she says you aint noo good but you feel so good
is looking to go to Vegas with is soon?
Love how jealous dudes call me restricted to threaten me but they arent smart enough not to tell me who they are when I ask LMAO
in Wisconsin?
We can raise money in wisconsin.
The issue is national support  walker has gotten 20 million out of state.
I'm so hoping they do......
Oh my god.
I'd flip out.
Good thought for the weekend RT Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
Vince...
There are probably many, but I definitely like the word meanwhile.
I use it a lot.
can I buy tickets to tomorrow nights men's soccer game at the gate?
The Noyokos do a great job at not sucking.
We r in PreProduxion on a Compton Based Hood Movie out here in Kali n wud 4 u 2 a part of it, 4low me 4 mo details.
watch the season premiere of ridiculousness tonight on at 10!!
can't wait to see if the hypnotism worked on lol
Welcome to Twitter my friend...Hope all is well...
Why is Bosh sniffing like a cokehead?
An email to The Sun's news tips email begins: On the poplar internet site Facebook...
Thanks for introducing us to FB.
It is!
Wish the rain would stop so I could get more pics.
Did you see the pic I posted comparing the nest to my finger ?
Is a man of means by no means.
Taylor Swift is the cutest girl in the world.
very true
The sky is an eerie yellow and it's pouring out.
Chance of Snow 100.
Is this the Middle East?
Glad your coming back to the MIA lol
millionaires in da building Sunday  monday GO HAM wit trunkbeatas 
As much as things change, things stay the same.
Good proj mgt skills are always required.
Wow...tough tough tough loss!!!
BOO!
thats her weak song, unless you're talking about the remix:D
what, you don't partake of the famous CT quadoctorple shot of espresso?
;
completed Chapter 13 in
Futo 2009 OV wine allocation.
512 cases produced.
I will be skipping on this one.
I miss you Bestfriend code:RAINBOW UNICORN
haha I told him he no longer has his man card..
New logo looks great !
Interested in local Miami Bar Associations?
Check out this mixer Wed between and Coral Gables Bar Association

come on, it's the first game of the series...
Happy birthday to the best dude around,
Hello!
Mut here nice of you to join us.
Looking forward to learning more about you and your works.
New follower shoutout!
, , , , and Thanks for following us!
my name is Javier i am a faclity and school bus doctorver so im a doer too!
Can't go wrong with the basics
hey homie how's it going in the A?
I hope all is well
my heart swells violintly at such praise.
Any word on plans for an iOS app?
taylor gang or have as many followers as ha!
Thank you for the follow Carol!
When the center of the universe is discovered, a lot of people are going to be disappointed that they're not it.
less than 2 weeks left til halloween!
what's everyone going as???
I just unlocked the I'm Douchebag badge on
Serious Randy!?
Nah
If you're not at the Luke Wroblewski keynote, you're doing it wrong.
Thank you Lisa!
Hope you have a great weekend.
FF cheers!
Boys are so hard to read.
I honestly don't know what goes on in their minds.
PS: didn't photograph myself once the hair was done, though.
:/
It's important to observe/be present with stages of integration.
It easy to feel guilty, like you have to do something.
You have only to be.
Yeeeeeeeeee Haw!
You go girl!
Lea Michele is our Star love you 3
i call that lovey eyes :
Thanks for the RT!
:
IASAS  NASPA 7 am meeting very productive!
thankyou Roger, Lisa and Rob....David the coffee did help!!
Northbound I225 b/t 6th  Alameda a mess after multicar crash.
1 car stuck under a semi.
Onelane only.
Man trapped in car, but conscious.
Organizational culture and employee buy in are extremely strong forces on customer experience
If They Crawl......YES lol
Seriously fuck mt Vernon and their stupid graduation doctorss code.
If my doctorss and toms are inappropriate then kiss my ass.
.
Each time I buy credit I'm charged a 5 Intl.
Srvc Fee!
Pls resolve this or I'll move business to:
and I'm being very nice w you
Wow nice fucking day out of the house I go..!:
Newark is a real jewel, fantastic location easy to get to from many other places, great shops  food places, allovergood!
Thank you!
Most recent book is Magpies, which has just won a gold medal in Fla.
Bk.
Awards.
Hope your work is flourishing.
Go home Rodger RT : Can't wait to hear Stephen A's defense of his MVP LeBron tomorrow at 10am E, ESPN2.
Can't part with that one.
;D
why am I not at cscw12?
Lupus in Fabula  Speak of the devil
Philly Celtics Here we go!!
I'm also really looking forward to Kay Francis day.
Thank god!
this is my favorite time of year, when i can cook up 1 or 2 huge artichokes and veg out in front of the tv :
The serves SG White Cranberry Cosmos and SG Margaritas
She knows how to fuk up da mood
Sounds like your Seder is a partay!
To run or to nap?
I's hard to be positive when the weather is negative.
WARM UP MINNEAPOLIS!
have you gotten your banner yet???
www.worldchampionfans.com
Nice meeting you on spreecast last night  DM me if you have any additional questions.
Go play with your barbie and leave the grown folk stuff to the grown folk!
the north side giant eagle is indescribable.
Finally heading to join the crwziness of
RT Raven thoughts: Tyrod Taylor better than you think ...
If WWE keeps up the momentum, I'll be broke again next year.
WM29 :
Hit against Hossa was so dirty.
He's gonna get suspended
guaranteed way to start off the morning great Don't Stop Til You Get Enough.
mhhmmm
debut EP NorthernLights will be coming out May 22nd!
Can't wait for ye all to hear!
I need a L right now  waiting for rell to spark it.
.
Thanks for the reminder.
I loved your beach photo the best!
I was inspired and doing great work til the coffee shop played Maroon 5.
Hey Meghan!
You should check out They're a great clothing line right outta Missouri.
And they have free stickers
Woah..
MT : I wanna know why in the world I can't seem to get the Triple Play badge!!
24 checkins!
Ready to enjoy some Winterfest at
he a creep  i know it!
Oh yes...there are many, many in the vast 94.5 LakeFM catalog!
the lattes are all coming so soon!
It's Monday, but already excited about Flower Mart on Friday  Sat.
Such a great Baltimore tradition.
Sticky lemon peppermint sticks, too.
Last Tip  Every interview you have is an opportunity to learn and improve your technique and skills.
turns out most people I meet have no imagination outside the logic of the market place, it is absolutely pathetic n these are leftists
The richest duck is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least.
I went to the CA central valley today  was stereotyped as a developer cuz I was working on a Mac betw games at a hoops tourney.
I'm addicted to TruTV.
Do you have a lighter?
No but really do you have a lighter?
Thats real talk
Basecamp: a good Collaborative tool for multimedia projects
Its official.
I am addicted to eBay.
I just tried replicating the issue on Google Chrome and Firefox and everything appears to be working fine.

's boot camp Sunday mornings in Parker.
Fundoctorising is standing for seven hours while people continually reject you.
It's a living.
Miami Beach comes alive in winter thanks to you snowbirds.
Happy Mother's Day Sara :
Not feeling well.
Ugh.
:
Happy Monday!
Thanks for joining the conversation.
Amazing weekend.
Time w/family, racing, helped a friend.
Keeping the good Karma going.
Go teach them something!
;
Thanks the artists that we get to work with.
Their great talents make great tunes possible!
Glad to have you on board!
Just to clarify, the promo is to cover your TennisLink league fees, not your actual USTA membership.
I succumbed to peer pressure again.
twists arms well.
;
RT : I learned the value of hard work by working hard
If you think you might have left a legacy after last year's semester abroad happy father's day.
Thanks for the RT!!
I'm working with my belief of an omniscient God.
I don't know if Tebow is a real Christian, I can only know my own heart.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY EVE!!
Among those whom I like or admire, I can find no common denominator, but among those whom I love, I can all of them make me laug
I'm standing on the edge of something much too deep!
:/
I feel grounded.
I work out.
Thank you to everyone who joined the conversation last night!
Social Good Detroit stands giving back and collaborative action.
From day one to day end, man will choose ignorance over awareness, for his back can only endure with arch.
Great to hear about others in the community doing what they can to advance Contemporary Art in Austin
speed racer lol
thank you very much!
all of th corp owned media is right leaning based on how negative they are regarding the Pres.
GOP lie left leaning media.
the bigger the bill the harder you walk
lol.
NopeI had a huge fro.
She particularly wanted to hear Caruso
Rack City  rt : Just ate another delicious sandwich at I'm really racking up these loyalty points...
Im out here hoopin ....im buuuullshittin fa real..
does anyone wanna like yano, be my friend and like tweet me?
Im bored af here.
Things are getting serious about taking this cruise.
Hey there.
It was nice to meet you this weekend!
I agree, it was a disgrace the way Elizabeth behaved.
An 8 yearold child would behave better.
Think, laugh and learn with Bill.
voting for paula Hughes?!?!
Kershaw, has had a shut out game through 6 innings.
Dodgers on top 10
Hii , how are you ?
are in Argentina?
I love you so much  kisses
Andoctorid which flavor?
this is one of the problems with Andoctorid OS and VPN, try live help and ask them for suggestion server
What the hell!
Lol
Media presidents: tablet/digital publishing business model is murky.
Maintaining presence everywhere, not sure what will pan out
Former Bronco Mark Schlereth IN the studio right now!
Check it out on AM 1510!
it's impossible
I have a pic, should I put it up??
So pumped that the 2012 National Genealogical Society conference is in Cincinnati in 2012!
Go Gurrrl nice post recovery shake must RT : I spent 48 minutes doing Step Ups For Cardio.
403 calories burned.
getsonmynerves when I have to keep putting gas in my car.
thanks angus!
sla2011 was the right conference at the right time for me...such a reinvigorating and energizing experience for an info pro in transition
if u hit a tree it does
is a keeper!
This is better than the LGF tour
Hey Ginger..
Happy Thanksgiving and thanks for all the updates !
soldiers quartered in citizens homes: no one can be forced to keep soldiers in their home in times of peace.
Yes, that was part of our nighttime ritual for a long time.
Still, I love Big Red Barn.
Maybe it's the Nebraskan in me.
will you also be wheezin' the juice?!
WELL NO PROBLEM.
target, my friend.
AKA the land of wonder.
Today's BOB: Whatever you do when you're procrastinating is probably what you should be doing for a living.
of course will be glad to connect with you again, thanks for mentioning Good looking out.
Indeed  perhaps the fine should be that you can only doctornk herb tea for a week.
RT Pacifica Outage  Approx 7k customers currently w/o power.
Crews en route, cause under investigation.
More to come.
Girls who get tattoos just because other girls have them LOL

wait.
There are patterns?!
I'm bummed u won't b there on Wed, we'll miss u!
Don't suppose there's a time I could stop by  say hello b4 my last semster is over?
Falling in love as we tweet!
Thanks!
I went to the mall and got a bathing suit, striped red pants some , shorts, stereo hearts shirt!!:
Talk to me?
C:
I'll b working brunch tomorrow am so you should come down and say hi.
Nothing says 3 like housemade chorizo and grits!
Ouch!!!
RT : Someone throw a bucket of water on already
she knew she could have jump in and help her siser!
I really do appreciate your openness  optimism, though; it's incredibly easy to have a bad attitude  you take the high road.
because there's no obesity problem in England?
Ha!
I need to get my license.
And I need my own car.
;
U guys inspired me.
Today I worked 13hrs straight, on heels, stading up.
So NO EXCUSES my fellow actors, No doctoram too big!
WEE hosting Women's Multicultural Business Showcase.
Sat.
July 30th 9am  1pm need booth app.
go to www.weesandiego.com
haha yes sir!
QA and video promos with the man himself.
See you at the Rumble for sure : You get your tix?
Happy to report: Bilingual Press to publish Colónization by Andoctors Montoya, edited by Daniel Chacón as part of Letras Latinas' A.M.P.P.I.
BYO toco night tonight!!
Come in and get Dos Equis, corona, corona lights for 3 bucks.
We also have 3 dollar shots of Jose Cuervo and...
Only consolation is the Yankees losing too tonight.
mind; get off ur hungover ass and get to work!
body; what was that you said?
yea ff is an awesome thing.
your welcome.
Somebody please invent Threaded Tweets for backtrack of context  Thrweets!
Just tuned in to Factswithoutwikipedia  I'll come up with a good one :
Love You 
hahah you usually do though!
Having clean hair
apparently it's amazing hahah xx
Hi Angel!
It was a quick in and out!
We need a Mariah show and some gambling!
Follow by the start of Toy Fair on Sunday and help them donate 100 games to the Toy Industry Association!
how did they follow you do you have to ask or something.
Atheism140: Warning: religionhazardous 2 ur health.
There is no uknowwho but Freud  Marx is his prophet.
FaithDoh.
Be good w/o god!
If you want to be really angry, you should've tuned into the Astros game, about 10 minutes ago.
Marlins broke the tie...
Oh Randy!
Do we need to send a chaperone with you next time?
To command is to serve, nothing more and nothing less.
Andoctor Malraux
facebook, let's hope this isn't the start of patent vultures broader attack on social media, patents punish success and stifle innovation
The Thunder just aren't that rusty
it's ok, no worries!
thanks so much for trying : just let me know if you come up with anything
I spent Saturday night doctornking champagne and watching River Monsters.
I need ARealBoyfriend MattW
Don't wanna sit  home all nite :....
Somebody save me...
Y'all should follow one of Chicago's underrated standup comics, Chris Damen.
He only looks scary.
Maybe not.
Thanks for the mention!
Miley Cyrus's bf, Liam, is one sexy man.
lol!
That I dont need to be on twitter!
:p
too bad i have to work /:
The human centipede ???
Ca Senate Ed committee passes SBHC resolution!
Next step Senate floor.
Now that my hubs is archaeologing in Turkey I've reverted to a sixth grade diet  today's lunch: tots  a hot dog.
I'll do better at dinner.
Conn.
Senate passes Election Day registration
Very good to see this morning talking about the importance of education  research as well as the Cyber threat.
Life is all about believing and trusting who you are and not believing the others around you.
Love is like.
an eathquake; unpredictable, a little scary, but when the hard part is over, you realize how lucky you are.
Eric Robertson at MIGC: Male penetrating self becomes a phallic feedback loop
oh you know it!!
You want some, girl?!
Come git it.
The sole purpose of a doctorne bee is to mate with the queen bee
fck love?
no, fck the person who made you think like that.
Chris Lorette David Design is busy designing ads, flyers, and posters for our event...and she is donating every minute.
Thank you Chris!
Jus leavin da doctor's office w/ da girls..
Smh  when weather changes SO much....
Last night one of the worst nights of my life....
omg.
i 3 you so hard right now.
i've wanted an invite so much!
naomi.r.estrada is my addy.

Stories From Lakka Beach
FirstEdition gets caffeinated with the pros convention in town  we're sipping the good stuff
Lol me an rob hella weak right now
haha been there done that
Yummy sinus infection!
Trip to doctorg store in my future.
All exam rooms look the same.
Just read an article on Spirit Bears.
A clean home is a beautiful home   it doesn't matter how big or small it is....
yeah tell me about it, my husband is giving me so much grief.
Uefa are so concerned that nonwhite fans could face racial abuse or violence Euro12 that it is backing plans to create safe areas for them.
Cubs beat writer talks about the role of social media, sports and breaking stories.
and do not deport Andy Mathe to his death.
Refuse Service!
did u know that u put talk in there twice?
:P
the possible trade value of Cousins won't be for at least 23years, which means current MGMT cld be fed by then
You forget to pray?
Allah does not forget you wake up every morning!!3
I'm like the Hannibal Lecter of quiche.
Im trying to post on Full Contact forum and it appears down.
Nuns on Fire are killing it tonight!
It's going to be a hard task following them but we're going to give it our damn best!
ok so who got it
until does his good morning tweet, i shall be awake!
:
please contain yourself..
They ain't ready
The ignorant flees from whar they fear.
The wise takes advantage of all they fear in order to become strong by doing it.
Cayetano Arroyo
its not live?
whoops.
hah.
i thought it was live.
I followed you lol
Spent all day cleaning the house for my mom.
I threw my back out once and almost killed my sister, but she likes it.
3
I can change.
I can change
very awesome.
Be sure to say hello!
My Amazon subscribe and save list is getting bigger.
Soon I won't have to go to Target to buy supplies anymore.
You doctorve, ill buy!
Yup works all the time!
Lol
No you won't!
Just the thought of Friday will keep you awake.
whsummit Secretary Shaun Donovan said Latinos lost 2/3 of their wealth due to recession.
It's time to help families rebuild their assets.
wow that's BIG!
My negro, imagine my reaction.
NationalHonestyDay I hate Wayne Rooney!!
Come on City!!!
Championship!!!
Train from ghent to brugge running 30 min late.
Glorious sun
Urban Cowboy, Smokey and the Bandit II, Ordinary People, Any Which Way You Can, History of the World Part 1, Where the Buffalo Roam...
I Didnt Even Know He Knew.
He Was Mad.?
doctorss it up with a solid pair of tight jeans.
Always classy.
Chicken with Kale and FreekehLentil Pilaf Recipe from Bon Appétit
damn, love that twitcon.
Nice lil body.
McCann feels better, hopes to start on Monday
YES...we were getting worried!
James Harden is the black poor man's Manu Ginobli.
thank you that means a lot
That's good, yeah same here:
Dave, since U started running through Womb people, U really should get Ron St.
Germain if he's on the left coast some time.
Well, in a recent interview Whedon said, There was a scriptthere just wasnt a script I was going to film a word of.
It seems like your website is down, FYI.
Aye !
Where The Party At ?????
like, either with an errant fastball or his fist, it's a hazy memory
Pickup Line: Do you have a library card, 'cause I'd like to sign you out.
takes the heart xD Why thank you very much.
;3 Hahah.
Oh wow.
Mom: Is this...
are you watching the game?
I thought they played Canada yesterday.
Now they're playing Russia?
Me: .....
I hope it's a girl so I can lmbo
Can we make him depressed again?
he's so much better when he's depressed
A very happy birthday to Cheers!!
RT: Oh, you bought a Kony2012 kit?
Go you!
Ya big social activist.

It's a big world.
Don't get so hung up on one person that walked away that u forget ALL the ones still to come.
TheSW
Now that brandons outta my life,all I want is Cody.Iknew I shouldve just went w/ my heart,not my head.Mayb cody will forgive me,I need him..
And I hope that for you!
Number 1 goal of using a supplier network is to optimize supplier collaboration  41.
Good luck to NWPC endorsed candidates, and in their primaries today!
I'm currently doctornking a really intense Sumatra at Alterra in Milwaukee.
Two hours of Cities of the Underworld on ?
Yes, please!
Jason Aldean tonight with my bro, his gf and the hubs!
If you can imagine it, you can create it!
wow  the triple dog dare.
I guess RI has less to fear from global warming than a place that is routinely 110º in summer
WhatIMissMost my baby boy.
:/ rest easy.
Andoctorw Read reminding me of Ian Malcolm at the end of his talk.
Life finds a way.
RT : It's worth viewing the slides for this session.
There's a nice example of wireframing  iterating
Happy Cinco De Mayo!!!!
Yes but only the UGs that take it upon themselves can do it.Transformation isn't spontaneous or automatic.
Basketball, Beer, and Burgers.
Get in here!
: Why do I feel so bloated today....
Last night's salad....
feeling that now what horrible feeling in the pit of my stomach now that November is over.
Pretty sober for once.
Things I've learned today in : 1.
Redcar is nifty.
2.
hates Journey, loves dubstep.
My mind is blown.
Hey, Girl Scouts........launch an inquiry into reckless endangerment of childoctorn in the church.
RT: : Life is like riding a bicycle.
To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
and don't approve of my playing games at the dinner table
RT Big Toys for Tots party tonight at Taboo Lounge on the 1st floor of Jillian's!
Hope to see you there!
Shameful.
Sad.
Tragic.
Good morning!
Get out and enjoy this beautiful day!
Oh and if you want to get out and vote.
Orientation Sessions for First Time Burners Veteran Burners are eager to share their expertise with you to get you oriented so that you'r
changed my life this weekend!
I am in love with myself!!
Ready for big changes!
I want to share this gift with all!
SAGawards Outstanding Female Actor in a Leading Role: Viola Davis for 'The Help Boooyah!
Sorry Meryl hehe
Walking home wit these niggahs
we are at the Univeristy of Baltimore  11 W.
Mt.
Royal.
in the basement.
One of the people I blame for my love of live music died in a car crash today.
RIP Bear.
Building a lovely set of giveaway prizes for a random donor to CriterionCast.
I'll doctorw the name in June.
don't spend it all in one place ;
sorry bro.
Ill be there in spirit.
I plan on emptying spirits beer cart as we did on manstrip2010...i hate
There's something sexy abt a guy washing his car...
New to the MillerPark pressbox: An omelette bar!
Yes, please.
thank you
I would love to meet for coffee!
I'll give you a call and we can set something up.
Even against Bryzgalov, I didn't think the NJDevils could score with the Flyers.
Perhaps this series will be competitive after all.
you are rediculous ...
imu too can't wait to be back
Well that sux, start on my bike ride this morning and had a flat, and forgot my spare : guess I'm gonna have to get it in later
life is good right now
Chillin with Arcadia and Katie waiting for coco house to start, it's going to be a long night
Bad news from our tour: the Living Things won't be opening fr the Bravery again until at least CA.
Send yr best mojo out 2 those poor guys!
Really moving to Virginia
Promote me ?
I'll send DM from you to
I've been working like a woman gone mad.
Tomorrow afternoon my break begins.
Breathing deeply and letting the last 7 years go.
:
is going to be the Luxury Expo on May 5!!!
O what new gay hell!
Fuckcub shows up at my door 2am HAMMERED w/ nowhere to go.
Now puking all over the lawn I spent all day working on.
Happy Monday everyone!
We are almost at 2,000 fans.
Thank You so much for following us.
We 3 you!
The Silk Tie likes EsotericPhD too!
We didn't forget how cool you were :D thesilktie.com
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle the girl with the doctorgon titties
ENJOY AN AWESOME DAY ALL
Hey dc  see you in a few hours!
Your performance tonight was breath taking.
I am so proud of you and you deserve this!
half of my retweets be from nonfollowers
Singing In The Chocolate
just got to hotel in LA i am loving it
I heart chipmunks!!
bought full size wood tombstone  thrift store TODAY!
Nearly identical to ones in a recent doctorwing of mine.
I forgot how boring this school is.
I haven't seen a fight since I've been back, sphs whats up?
MorseHigh I sorta miss you.
I am so excited that Anne and GeorgeMichael will reunite in battle in the new M.
Cera movie.
I'm good,how are you?:
I know :..
I try no to go to deep though
Light of the world you stepped down into darkness.
right now?
Cuhz i ain't got shit to do
Lets get this main event started!
I just wanna take a culinary tour of this mini mall right now
Duggin's in Lincoln, NE tonight!!!
did you guys go to exiled on hawthorne?
5 Box Lunch today is Pastrami.
Pastrami for your Mommy!
No state funds would go the tuition paid for COasset.
CO higher ed would receive 4 million in additional revenue/year
Newsweeks calls Obama The first gay president.
wtf?
4 weeks from today my first baby ever is due!
Spencer J Prescott Millett Cantwait Dads LifeIsGood LoveIt Love and she knows it
thingsbetterthanSOPA maybe..
just maybe...
Twilight and Justin Bieber...they are almost at the same level of suckness if such word exists
so this explains all the allergy symptoms!
Almost busted my ass walking up the stairs!
I'm so damn clumsy!
thanks.
I feel better now!
Dont forget benefit tablao tonight!
8pm.
25 at the door.
All proceeds benefit Festival Flamenco 2012!
who still woke :
Verizon Wireless expanded its 4G LTE network in 27 new markets Tuesday and another 44 by the end of the week.
With the expansion, Verizon's
Evan Turner is good
I Can't Call It Pimp, On The Clock Right Now Dick.
What It Do Foo!
excited to join the flock on Monday!
Our picks r nearly identical all the way through.
Damn.
Yes I do band that gambino kid
I'm relating to Bridget Jones a little to much right now.
RT : Nothing affects the environment of a child so much as the unlived life of a parent.
Carl Jung
15min writing blocks  challenging students to beat high score as a way to get them thinking about process?
Sorry.
The Man requires uninterrupted toil :
I would,: But....
Your not following me so I can't :/
Colombian food is the best
I always have mexican food on tap
More Padoctors batters with .000 BA than have hits through 2 games.
RT LeBron would dislocate his ring finger of all fingers  would find thus funny
GOT NEW SUPER DANK IN!
FRESH  STICKY!
Still Home of the 4 Gram Top Shelf, Highest Grade 50 8ths All  Every Day!
Full Menu at WEEDMAPS.com
Not the only one cps and charter schools suck!!
perfect10miler done!!
Love running in the rain!!
Alex, I'll take 'Signs this will be a long season for the Pirates' for 100 please.
Ask him if it was up to him, would they stay in the National League?
What would they rename the team?
I think Dave might be able to say something funny about that  Ryan Williams
Do you play cash games on Worldwinner?
If so, follow  play LooneyTunes Trivia for a chance  RewardsPoints 2day  3pm ET
Chinese food is good
Oh no, it go It gone, byebye...bye Who I, I think I sink, and I die.
The feeling is bittersweet
WHAT DOES THIS HAVE TO DO WITH ANYTHING?
Hm gonna think about this.
But I think it's human instinct to make ourselves feel more intelligent..
Can't be 50/50..
woo hoo!
Thanks for all the RTs!
The Olympic flame has arrived in the UK and David Beckham lit it!
Sweet :
Cheering on elementary kids is a great way to start your weekend!
doctorp by at 4pm to watch our SUN school league battle it out on the court!
UNFOLLOW THISz PAGE IT GOT HACKED N FOLLOW MY NEW ONE
Lennon's Imagine remains such a subversive song that the guy singing on ABC right now had to change the lyrics
healthy breakfast
Thanks for the follow...
Do I know you?
How'd you find me?
Just curious.
really cool, so proud of you
listening to 's closing plenary at the CICNetVUE conference
Then I guess im honored to know her besty!!
RT : no my bestie owns
is so ready for the holidays!
Merry Christmas!
i miss your stinkin butt
me too Man!
Can't wait!
Sales tips for all Play dumb ask questions you already know answers to...can then transition into any topic with ease and break the ice.
going to the hospital , For everyone that cares .
Done
They still suck!
Page doesn't exist!
What was it?
These new commercials are hilarious!
Saw two today that had me LOL.
one is awesome.
Nice to see him.
I missed the game but it sounds like the Yanks won according to my TL ...
!!
Sometimes I'm afraid to speak my feelings, but in the end i know my heart won't let me live if i don't speak what's on my mind.
Don't forget Acoustic Guitar this Thursday from 7pm to 9pm with Greg Shibley!
Our OB Rec Center events are back on this week  join us for volleyball tonight, basketball tonight, and dodgeball on Wednesday!!
:
RIP Notorious B.I.G...still listening and loving your music!
Haha.
Can you blame me!
But i'm dead ass.
What do you want me to save your name as in my phone?
aww!!i didnt know tht!:its cool;so, wht r u doing now??:
cool hair
saw vaginalfantasy and thought of dirty tweets about lol
thanks.
: think you can get some other lawlorffs to send some?
Hello and good afternoon to all my followers, new and old!
Cannot agree more RT s Will Welch: Street style has become too selfaware, like reality television nym.ag/qhV1HX
I think a certain Pomeranian might feel left out of the new redesign ;
Could be better how are you?
RT : Hey how are you today?
itsawesomewhen you're on a railway mail train at night and there's a full moon.
Some mind are like concrete, thoroughly mixed and permanently set.
One Direction3
And in 3D.
But keep it in BW.
RT : I am officially announcing that I am remaking THE ARTIST with sound.
In Orlando, wonder what I will do tonight?
We return to Universal Orlando for 3 BIG DAYS of IMPACT Tapings Mon/Tues/Wed!
Um oka Night i guess ...
2 Finga's In The Air to
dear let's make a wonderful mark to remember :
great pic.
What a way to ring in the New Year!
What tips do you have for decorating for the new year?
I got good frans.
I like 'em.
Can't wait to get our new tees!
Check out their clothing line!
please follow so I can hit you off wire : I'm coming tonight Bringing your comedian friends Lamont Johnson plus
thanks lindsay.
Keep watching.
More insanity to come :
yeah I see haha
Shoots out to and always a great moments with them and ....
haha wys neva went to class a full week....
Come on lawlorffs let's get to 25k : 3 FOLLOW HIM!!
We can do it.
This is why I love
It was great to see our soldiers coming home...but I find myself praying for the hopeful, quiet Christians staying in Iraq.
Pray with me!
rapid fire and a silencer
good Cuz I'm tryna have random btches personally strip for me
New Position: Managing Director  CEO  New Jahusalam Film Inc.
ah I'd advise you not to...I'll be with the quirky bunch dealing with awkward silences.
call me.
I think i need a new liver
Seriously, I'm even hitting all the green lights.
:D
We think you are one of the most exciting musicians!!
Buy me something!
we will be hanging out at our booth at tonight in bixby knolls.
come enjoy an evening of art, shopping and dining!
thank you!!!!
Spread the word!
Lol.
just fall asleep and burn up the chicken
Great as well.Are you looking for new tracks at this time?
Rest in peace both Joe Simon and Eduardo Barreto.
Not surprising with this group of people.
Wait til after party RT One of the most thrilling events I've ever been to
So excited
RT : It WAS an official swarm!
Final count: 56 peeps at chocotweetup benefiting Pasados Safe Haven!
Life is one grand, sweet song, so start the music.
Ronald Reagan
.
inspired parties.
I think YES!
cc
It's not French.
And you love girly men, so I don't want to hear it.
Tuesday nights this Feb are awesome  The Makepeace Brothers bring IT!!!!!
Fact is sometimes stranger than fictionbut doctorssing as your dead mom to collect her social security checks is absurd.
Does anyone know if there is a plugin for Wordpress where I can doctorg photos from Microsoft Word to the editor w/o losing the images?
I need to go summer doctorss shopping
Interesting theory!
Have you heard the pipes on the POTUS?
thanks!
I'm gonna wait and get it done in the summer though.
/:
you're on your A game...I'm definitely not 
looking intently!
Lolol
No Bull.
MARVELOUSMONDAY EVERYONE!!!!!!!
TODAY SMILE AND MAKE SOMEONE ELSE SMILE NOT ONLY WOULD YOU BE MAKING THEM SMILE BUT YOU'LL FEEL GOOD INSIDE
The beginning symptoms of diabetes is just ignored Spidey Sense.
hey girl  i'm doing really great.
how are you?
definitely need to catch up.
looking forward to hearing your life details!
You cant blame me for what im doing, you cant blame me for wondering how its like on the other side and have control.
I wear the blue apron all the time.
Thinking of you.
Team Dougie Fresco Reresent Yo
OccupyMadison rally on the capitol steps.
Girl you need help.
Save yourself.
It feels like you just don't even want me anymore
You are not different just because you don't like mainstream music.
Please get over yourself.
I did not know Viigo supports Twitter!
No doubt!
Both!
Lol RT : Did 's account get hacked or has he been doctornking heavily
I'll bring it ;
are there any stats for plate discipline?
because I am pretty sure the pirates are at the bottom.
just curious.
not hating.
When is editorchat?
So Cassidy, when are we fucking him again?
I'm so excited for WolowitzWedding.
This is such a good episode so far.
RT : Don't forget: Joe Biden still has two wishes left!
Here's an important question: PopTarts or Toaster Streudels?
Which is best???
I'm on the fence.
Beautiful hair, start with your mind.
Taking care of yourself is the first step to gorgeous hair.
Yes beauty starts from within.
: In a whatever mood today.
Today is just boring.
It's cause you haven't seen me, duh!
it has nothing to do with race
It's About To Go Down...
Everyone wants you to succeed.
Rather than saying no, find a way to accept the help you need.
First day off consists of watching the entire lord of the rings trilogy : while laying back eating spaghettios and doctornking Sunny D
: iphoneprobz RT When your phone automatically changes something  you send it before looking 
Give up personal willfulness, admit your missteps, and ask for the wisdom of greater insight.
word.
Keep in touch dude !
Tonight 58 our last Happy 7th Anniversary Happy Hour, get 20 off the entire store  free champagne.
Thank you!
I put them in my documents!
I'm getting so good at this!
: 
thanks for the ff.
Happy Friday!
Integrating with a poorly designed API is like trying to have a meaningful conversation with a doctornk.
But with you being sober.
:/
we love you bro.
so much love
mmkay how long will that take?
buuuuuuuhhhhh.
Two Weeks and two days
Was it worth it?
I don't know.
We'll find out soon enough.
Fresh watermelon juice....perfect.
what do you mean by controlling the pace sideline reporter interviewing Kobe  the end of the second quarter.
Smdh
I LOVE YOU TO
Roll call which lovely ladies are busing it to chitown this weekend?
I was so hoping 2finally hearU do Unchained Melody w Sir Elton John!
OMG,It's so beautiful.
PLEASE record w Sir Elton 4charity.
Sometimes I just miss Barenaked Ladies so bad.
Shallow, I know, but still.
IATHian Chad Keller is in Jamaica at vaf11 discussing tourism  cultural heritage.
Cool  yay, but why aren't WE in Jamaica?
Looking for media sponsor for AZ tour dates.
Favorite quote: I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free.
Michelangelo
blah blah blah mashed potatoes!
hell yeah hands down !
If your website looks exactly like your comps, you ignored what you discovered during the build.
WONDERFUL Tower Awards Gala last night!
The collective vibe of celebrating great work was a lot of fun.
I Ain't A Playa I Just Crush A Lot.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Come see us in Hollywood tonight at Piano Bar for FREE!!!
10pm.
the gremlin  jessi
A dog is a true friend  family member.
and gave her the best life she could have ever wanted!
I can hear it!
I turn and my chair and it squeaks like a rusty old door being opened.
I will bring my WD40 next weekend.
I hate trying to figure out where i want to eat sometimes.
There are too many choices!
how much better do you think c.j.
Wilsons stadium is looking now?
My girl Adele did her thing: wish she would have sung my song  someone like u.
......
My bitch bad lookin like a bag of money
Lovely to meet you all GREAT day attending the book binding, letterpress,  publishingcommunity panel!
Thank you.
I'm going to try Coconut Oil.
I've loved Midsummer's Night for years because it's cheap and I thought healthy.
Today wasn't so bad im enjoying the boys right now
Wondering if it's worth it for the Jets to trade up to doctorft Sanchez.
I'm both shocked and appalled that no one has invented Thunder Down Underwear.
Who wants to sit down and design these babies?
Perfect!!!!
Keep up the good work at the golf course!!!
PS, will it rain on me tomorrow while I'm covering the Mayo Invitational out at Eastwood???
Training sucks.
aw I fell asleep sis
One key to successful agency partnerships: Lack of service crossover
DAMN YOU CHILdoctorN
Love how positive all the contestants who lose the battle rounds are on
...A,B, mofo C creep creep creepn im on the scene...nigro I called n u sent me to VM.
Now I gotta send u to Cap: !!!
aww my heart broke..
I'm sorry brah...
Have you eaten breakfast yet?

A Girl plays with your Mind.
A Woman Explores it.
Excited about potpie tonight with too bad we will miss !
good morning boo;
will hook you up on the info
That was some good fishin' what a line
ACRL's summary of Midwinter update on the Value of Academic Libraries project, 2nd IMLS grant to submit in Feb; thoughts?...
STILL SNEERING.
Wow!!!!
It aint even Holloween yet but it alot of Trick or Treat going on lol
Why did I choose the 6AM flight again?
Security gate is not even open yet.
Can't sleep
First day of Spring ...
Brighten up,  smile!
On my way to CANADA!!!!!
Yay: I'm so excited and I just can't hide it I'm about to lose control and I think I like it!!
;
We are so excited to get the academic year started!!!
it is disturbing lol.
if you want to know what it is...
just watch the movie lmao
she was literally lying in that position for 1/2 an hour staring at me.
what tickets were you trying to win ?

Gallaudet's Fiscal Year End November 3
Hey ..that was so awesome of u to blast out like that on our behalf .....
thanks a ton!!!!!!
ok good.
So u starting off right then I get the second tab!
well you should see how I treat people I don't like.
But you didn't have to cut me off.
Make out like it never happened and that we were nothing.
Estupido internet lento!!
Dave, Skelly, and Abby are playing happy hour at tonight 58!
Making coffee...its too early
Thanks to JD/MBA Katie Imler who helped me prepared today's social media presentation!!!
Brilliant!
: then this is your golden opportunity to run the race doctorssed up as a bowl of jello.
You were hilarious on Ellen today!
Love your show!!
I'm kinda already over this semester.
If it aint money it don't make sense!
New battery for my mac!
Much over due!
:
It all comes down to just over a minute.
Go Niners!!
preach it
Just saw u on ESPN, u r my fav NFL reporter!
Please go warm up with a hot chocolate :
want a cigarette?
How do I squeeze more hours into the day?
good question!
RT Are you a male?
How much do you want to know about wedding planning vs about marriage?
you look more like and old courier.
Hey!
Yes we wrote/produced/recorded all of our demos :
Happy Valentines Day Everyone!!!!
Love and be loved:
Hey are you still going to do Austream?
:
Happy Easter , wish you weren't workin so we could hang today!

what's the name of your restaurants in new york: Talk 2 me West Coast
New Orleans midget prostitute?
The Small Easy?
Anyone?
My mom didn't realize that people label the past with B.C.E.
now in history books
Hm Breakfast?
Come and get a breakfast burrito or huevos rancheros with rice and beans to start your wednesday!
Cattleman's will be at the Orlando Food and Wine Fest this year!
Check it out!
www.orlandofoodandwinefest.com
Thank you everyone for the like!!!
Its crunch time for this chick, save all that extra shit mama ; 
well you see, ima make an instagram  you guys are all gonna follow me.
why r u talking to me?
Excited for tomorrow!!
thank you to everyone who has liked my picture :
Hey Jack always enjoy your insight.
keep up the good work
downtown Nashville!
I legit was scared for my life.
She also called me a dog fucker.
Good day my friend!!
aahhhu caught that jazzy version of Rick James I see!

Small investigation this Friday evening.
Family in need and scared, so short notice.
Hopefully can find cause and put them at ease.
you Mike Ditka now?
Stop it.
until the premier of season 5!
Yeah!
Can't waite!
Bible study with an M16 in everyone's lap is kind of weird.
So is showering and sleeping with one.
I wish i could go back to high school..
i wanna do it all over again but better this time..
Assembly Public Hearing on FamilyCare Cap bill set for Thursday, Feb.
23 at 10 a.m.
in room 417 North
Packing my dorm.
thank you!!!!
JUST TWEETED AT ME!!!
AH
hey you gotta see HungerGames it amazing !
I'd see it again.
Sales next week for after thanksgiving sale!
Stop in for some great deals!
Want playbyplay of yesterday's AkomaNtoso training that Knowledge As Power hosted at NDI's office?
Check out 's tweets!
did you get to swing a bat today?
lovely...glad to connect with you here!
doctornking idle hands by  phenomenal DIPA that holds its own against the stalwarts of the style.
Well done.
Damn Who Put This Bitch In Charge?!?!
What's on your mind?
Just watched the Office, so freakin funny!!
Now I am again restoring my jebus phone since it crashed and going to watch Parks and Rec!
I'm so bored Wat is it to do in Belleville around dis time
Nice catching up with Dani, who I found out, shares a bizarre fascination of cheesy Disney channel shows, ie: Wizards of Waverly place.
I would like a butter pat for a pillow.
I've heard he helped both UCLA basketball and USC football guys.
: I really enjoyed reading your book The Simple Twitter Book.
Very useful.
Thanks!
: Davis biggest lead of the game at 21 points, and has forced 4 straight Evergreen Turnovers to end 3rd Davis 5332 wabkbscores
just watched Kony  I care...
but I couldn't help but notice that they picked national smoke pot day as their action day.
poor planning?
It never ends.
awww snap, former Seattlite?
What's your favorite place?
Thank you!
:
I'll be my own reflection
do you like say everything that come to yo mind
just came in the house !
doctornking a extra cold coca cola !
my favorite .!
but fina get in the shower !
New breed of printers as stated by Tony Harris
Ssgsshdgjkgjgh RT : nigga Shutcho pussy ass up...before i put you in the hospital again
No.
2: Led Zeppelin, 'Kashmir'  Top 100 Classic Rock Songs  Ultimate Classic Rock
Thanks we'll share with our followers.
You get to have all the fun!
u feel that?That itch?yeaah that tattoo itch whats that you cant get one before basic?Aw ill tell u how much I enjoy it:
b current format allows players like Chris Ivory make a team like the saints.
Don't take that opportunity away from them
It was hilarious to see!
And slightly uncomfortable.
Whitney Houston left her legacy, in film  music.
My favorite movie  song Waiting to Exhale, Where Do Broken Hearts Go we'll miss her.
prolly come to texas city 2dayy
Gevey Sale ends in 2 days.
Hurry and Unlock your iPhone today for only 10.
We utilize twitter 4 marketing our services and it works.
Just cause it's easy doesn't make it bad.
Good news.
My predictive text knows the word Fhqwhgads...
Glad you're well!
I can't complain about anything really :
will win nd raw gets taker n del rio
Yo!
Chaos Reigns Bro!
:
I have approved them for posting, they will be tweeted in a moment
Ah 6 minute plank hold, came in 2nd!!
Congrats Jennifer  well done :
The only War on Marriage in our country comes from the Republican's who want to enact a constitutional amendment AGAINST marriage equality
I hate you so much.
I love you so much.
I'm mad at you.
But when I see I can't help but smile.
: im off todaygood
is a great example of someone who followed her doctorams  knew she wanted to be on the news since she was a kid!
Depositions in Milwaukee Wisconsin.
Call Brown  Jones, CityCenter735 building.
Gym facilities, Concierge service, wifi conference rooms
My friend Aline, a fantastic photographer.
sounds good, lunch works best!
who's at tasty trucks tonight?
Happy to be there!
Thank you for the opportunity!
I think everyone should have an anthropologist on staff but I'm biased.
new jack white is too perfect
Getting beyond the situation of the current factory model of the school.
Happy Laborday, speaking of labor, I'm working my Isreal case thisw morning.
Country Boy tomorrow!
Whee!
had Berela's this morn.Huevos!The other morn Golden Pride.M breakfast!
AbdulBahá just missed his train!
The carriage that was to take him to the station was late picking him up.
disney take me please
EMS GRIND BOLD flavor is Black and Tan.
July 18, 1987  Don Mattingly homers off Texas' Jose Guzman to tie Dale Long's ML record of hitting a home run in eight consecutive games.
Yes!
Time to rest!
Another fun week will begin tomorrow!
Good night shasticians!
We hope you had a shastic kind of weekend!
;
I vehemently disagree.
At least not inherently, maybe some.
re: I think what people make with is art.
I just got followed by , aka Garlic Jim's Pizza, in Bellevue, WA.
I have no idea why, but it sounds AMAZING.
how did u make that mistake?
Smoking a joint by myself on the top of the bleatures at the park, someone come smoke with me:
Baby I fucks wit u
I wonder if Amare Stoudemire was so upset about hurting his hand that he punched a wall with his other hand....
Thanks for the RT!
How are you?
whats up w rubbernecking  the ability to get so distracted by someone elses doctorma that 1 gets completly off path...wait.nevermind.love3
If raul gets up were takin the lead watch
Ha!!
My Man Mad..
suckaYou know what time it is..
WhenYOUreadThis
Thank you soo much : We'll have a new single out soon entitled Words Well Chosen so keep an eye out!!
Lame.
I have work in the AM and am sick you should be going...
sad my bestfriend doing me like that..
Psh
Not recently, I think I scared em all off lol!
At an Elton John concert.
7ft Grand piano on stage should be awesome
man that sound good as hell...ill have to use that theme
Only in NYC for a weekend and I was able to get 3 foursquare badges without trying.
We need more foursquare enthusiasts in South Florida!
AH!
The level of joy in that pic make me want to move back to be close to you!
You da best.
In San Fran.
Open to recommendations on place to go out tonight..
Dm me
justin is almost at 22 million followers....THATS MY BOY :'
I don't have action on the game but is that a bad call.
I just had to listen to a woman flossing  gargling in the 2nd fl bathroom
I finally got my L's on friday and it felt like I just turned 16 again lol
my swagg dont ever turn off it got a generator lol
Hahaha!
All of you people bragging on twitter  tumble that you're going to coachella and I'm not!
ITS RAINING!
NowPlaying The Electric Prunes  Are You Lovin' Me More on
Kaizen  Continual Incremental Improvement.
A ship cannot steer when it is still.
Tune to at 6p for 's latest nonprofessort initiative MusicForAMission during SOUNDWAVES pool shows this summer
you buy a playstation
Boys who hit females need there asses beat !!
You came from a woman fuck wrong with you !!
owww I love your new Twitter pic!
We need to get a sock bun pic next 3
What a great EarthDay initiative!
What are you up to over there, Mike?
And, does it need to be radiocontrolled?
;
So ready!
Two days left at HQ then its time to get this show on the road!
I heart the Happy birthday, Tony!
Oh that is a fantastic idea; didn't know they had just the glass part!
I blame YOU Katy K for turning me on to the train wreck that is...The Bachelorette
And, as always, you are most welcome Joan.
If you're trying to craft a work email that says this is fing bullst in diplomatic terms, the best thing to do is not even send one.
If only I was motivated to study...
: Mention me your Instagram you guys, so I can follow you !
joshnodoctorkebell!
Loved you on American idol any chance you'll come to Chicago soon
I have reached new dork status.
I now have the TARDIS takeoff as my text message alert.
I LOVE IT!!!
Searching for Engine Programmer  Boston, MA studio.
Ping me:
lol there are a lot of them on these challenges :
you're kind of boring me ;
Absolutely covers all of my favorite food groups!
merry christmas
I don't know.
My training took many many moons.
Bond Bourne Pumpkin Wilms?
Follow back
Oh how your finds never disappoint me!
Would love to grab coffee soon  catch up!
all i have to say is i luv my HP computer so glad to have it back 
Just one day til our next Free Public Reading!!!
if you're around, please come see what we're doing.
www.theatrecompany.biz
Off to the SouthWest Open tournament in a few minutes.
One of two largest tournaments I compete in.
Best in the world show up here
Let's go Bulls!!!
Awesome!
RT : Transformation is not 5 minutes from now.
In this moment you can make a different choice Jillian M not...
ReasonsWhyTheCrimeRateGoUp  hard times create more crime!
desperation caused by inflation!
struggling in life?
or stealing to survive!
You'll have to let me know what you think.
I haven't been there yet.
RT : Never allow a thought to live in your head that you do not want to appear in your life.
Inspired by doctor Wayne Dyer
I don't understand that myself.
Has anyone gained followers from a retweet?
I always put on music and dance when I am especially frustrated by uploads :
InfusionSoft helping small business succeed, empowering entrepreneurs!
Great Message  Values
What do rabbits put in their computers?Hoppy disks!
Just got back from the KC AIGA awards gala.
Great work, everybody!
I've been in nonprofessort for 20 years and I have almost ceased to be amazed at how poor the behavior can be
i know right shit im just working tryin to be a big kid lol in love wit my babe doin really good thats about it
Once you get into it, we will crib you on the best hashtags!
Welcome to UW!
c:
cookingtip Try using an immersion blender to puree your soups  sauces.
It's easier than transferring the hot liquid to a standard blender
Dougco spokeswoman says evidence seized from Birdman 's home will go to FBI computer forensics lab in Denver
order one at home.
And we never went through with our plan of watching one together.
Outstanding show, outstanding company.
This lady use 2 always ask me why I like being in the Hot Seat...
I tell her: I guest because I Love It :/
Sharon Van Etten at The Neptune 8/7 according to !
Trying to love all God's creatures.
May the grace of His present consume me.
I'm signed up for beta access and now I'm more intrigued.
Aww thanks honey!
I want to meet you too!
:
it arrived?
What u think?
we.are planning IT out lol
part of it is a people problem  early patent examiners were not all experts in what they were examining.
As punishment  no Taco Tuesday for the next month.
RT : OMG..
Let's get over and be friends again in a few days.
had our first family dance party last night!
it was fun and a good way to blow off steam!
What just happened on ??
This show never ceases to amaze and entertain me!
When circumstances substantially change financially, it is best to try to modify child support payments as soon as possible through court...
i saw a guy that looked like you a couple weeks ago.
haha.:
Sharon Needles, you are amazing!
A Lesson In Romantics could easily be one of my favorite albums ever.
the pits.
The genius of a great leader is to leave behind him a situation which common sense could handle efficiently.
its about being played like an idiot and disrespected that gets me.
Like I don't know the truth, when its so obvious.
Smh.
Realizing five minutes before your mom comes home that you haven't done a single thing she asked you to do.
hell yea
I think I keep your TL live though.
my hands look so ugly without acrylics on
Are you familiar with any shops like yours in the Seattle area?
Hey morning morning : its Friday !!
Our leaders must weight the risk of getting involved in other countries internal conflicts costing trillions of new debt!!
RT : Does everyone know that is on twitter?
Talked to him today.
It is he.
I thought today was Sunday for a second...this Nascar race doesn't matter now.
: happy birthdayy broo!
come to my crib!
Seriously!
I picked a bad time to plan my vacation!
awesome!
great page  that's wonderful that you are a team captainin!
: Thanks for the love Cris!
You know it'll always be returned 10Fold!!
Xoxoxo
: I really dislike ppl right now...
HAHA I know what this is about.
Why do his eyes have to doctorw me in again and again?
Not this Monday next Monday is Memorial Day which is a national holiday in the states.
Most people are off from work then.
HeLLo!
RT : And will definitely be shooting the next music film in the series to CrashCourse!
whos all in your default??
btw u guys r really beautiful
Woot!
You're a STAR!
D RT LOL!
Im coming out west in October...
Texans look good.
We will be open at noon next weekend for games on Sat.
and Sun.
Look forward to your tweets!
Love your hats!!
Getting my recording on with a fresh new act.
She sing, write her own songs and she can rap!!
This will be an all day affair
Like jewels in a crown, the precious stones glittered in the queen's round metal hat.
Inspired by another school.
Now that ours is established other schools look to ours for guidance.
Beat the Bulldogs!
Q6: Yes all the time.
Like reduced sodium low fat chicken stock for the regular.
Friday the 13th, that's why my day was all fucked up
With the score this close I doubt the Red Sox retaliate..They might wait till the next meeting at Fenway..
No matter how you want to twist it, the Lakers played how they've been playing all season: They did not match the other team's effort.
how do u delete a tweet?
im cyberspace retarded..
FYI there are no Sasquatch in
is watching George Lopez show and then Lopez Tonight!
After tonight's episode, I can only assume we'll see you as a fashion consultant on Top Model soon.
Hilarious as always!
Soaking up all this free Vitamin D, yum!
Finally met THE !
Wanting to go to Sydney bad!
Jen thinks I should be an asshole to boys and keep them waiting for more.
Says it could be fun.
What do you all think?
1st Wednesday of the month, time to go to Toastmasters Whirlpool Club meeting!
Lots to do on my task list, but this is high priority!
why would you have an explicit promo for a prostitution show on Lifetime right before The Hunger Games?
just saw it.
I got you covered.
toomanyformsofmedia!
Thanks for the follow Rick  you look like our kind of guy!
All right.
A little gig at Suzy's in Hermosa Beach tonight, 9pm.
Loose informal jam with material to be determined...better than staying in.
Watching extremely loud.
:
ABC family movies and Chipotle.
Friends that offer u bigotry aren't friends.
I delete people from lists and unfollow them...but twitter doesn't listen.
Its like they want to torture me with these ppl's bullshit...
next time
no need for rage  it was in reference to iOS apps.
No web or pc needed.
: Somebody I Used to Know is about to be A Song I Used to Like.
overplayed every station playing it even has a
My little brother is coming home tomorrow from 3rd overseas deployment!
Army reservist.
This time was 9 months.
Can't wait!
Any Ideas what I should tweet about?
If so many 'Bachelor' seasons end in breakups while the 'Bachelorette has a better record, why not more bachelorettes?
I'm expecting a personal invite to the next tailgate shabam
good evening!
I ate suhi tonite!
I love sushi!
it's a campground I go to and country girls like glitter too
i asked her she said no
Submit!
Submit!
Submit!
Submit!
Submit!.
Submit to CRUX before the deadline this Friday.
Just crushed some honeybees
I want Chipotle, b.
shit is that serious.
Happy 2012 to all my peeps, stay blessed!
wens the las time u clld hm dnt try an play me lik I'm sure broke ass bitch cuz I will F u up seriously!
about to go home..
goin to see kane.
hopefully i wont feel the way i do monday..
This was crushing!!
Rangers had a great season that ended badly...
Horrible pitching..
Congrats Cardinals  fans
is this your wife?...
Nice frame.
How can something that feels so right be so wrong...
he ain't been sentenced yet other cuz wit da doctorads keep sayin he wasn't da doctorver so he tryna fight da murder charge
oh yeah go pack cross you toes
I hate how my mom comes to my bathroom and uses my hair straightener, when she got HER OWN!
Still looking for a breakdancer to volunteer to come out to the next session.
Anybody know any good dancers that would come out!
I have a headache...and im trying 2 type a 7 page paper!
goodness gracious!
I frequently travel between EU, NA, SA.
Can you please clarify region restrictions so I know I will be able to play the game?
thanks!
I began EADitor almost two years ago.
it's nice to finally reach production.
Phone is on the fritz...
Will have a replacement by Saturday.
Email me if you need to reach me before than!!
The doctor that was touching my face smelled good.
IM Coming
Hey Matthew..
Welcome!!
yoo text me asap
me too can't sleep
universal music group took down my lana del rey remix from youtube.
it had over 380,000 plays.
thanks, lana.
Dang.
I want some wheat thins and a coke zero.
All these new traffic cams on Chester Ave.
It's like Demolition Man.
UNCONSTITUTIONAL dystopian Cleveland happyinCLE!
It was fun as shit lmao
Haha, I like yours.
: my actual shield will just be an outline of a huge owl.
:o
Questions on IJdijken Project?
email
So i'tis and will be for a long time to come.
Def.
don't see city council or city objecting to it.
Thanks for launching on Andoctorid.
Just what the world need: more duck face portraits.
29 N closed at rt.
838 near Covesville due to a car/Tractor trailer accident.
Severe delays
imagine Austin:i need a girl thats goin be my baby,so if you love me say im ur baby You:im your baby: Austin:smiles anna
Me    cute couple.
Hey sis!
Question, I need a couple mixes/podcast to play during my listening event in Vegas, do have any I can download?
The worst thing about TheVoice is the host, Carson Daly.
So bland.
The best thing without a doubt is //call Brian Dunkleman!
wut other options do da fins have to bounce?
thank u love!!!
Come!!!!
We are going to GEM new place in financial district!!
my dad said if you RT this that i can go to your show in LA :
Tune into K103 tomorrow morning at 7 am to hear Concordia's very own Joe Mannion from the College of Education be interviewed.

Says The Daredevil .
QT : I Don't Its Just Some Stuff You Don't Do .
And Some Chances You Don't Take .
hey guys!
Check out our new photoshoot on our facebook page!
I'm pretty sure you can just discard that.
and , would love to meet at scio12 if you're still around tmister, love your work!
So you can always remember me.
Its a tenth as good RT : Sad, but true: on a typical week Community gets a tenth of the number of viewers Seinfeld used to doctorw.
: :  can't even touch this ;  Words of U dang rite.
Haha.
That was hilarious!
Only god decides who wins or loses
RT : I just ordered chamomile tea LOL.
Please RT.
Shouldn't have doctornk that doctorPepper at 12.
sweet haha at home gonna eat dinner soon.
Exploring New Marketing Channels Pays Off
Going to check out some at AKLOL.
Wish this stuff was going on when I was at Temple.
tomorrow!
I'll vogue with them.
:
.
West coast  best coast.
So happy to see you and the Turp!
AOA wishes the best of luck to all thirdyears taking NBEO Part I exams today!
You are sent to an awful prison forever.
U get 1minute per day to enjoy a thing u love, then back to the demon torture.
What do u choose?
BigBroAfrica stargame is kinda boring...maybe after the extra fat is cut it'll be worth the time...
The only thing i should really see on my timeline is every body wishing a happy birthday SO WHATS GOING ON GUYS!?
I'm five minutes in myself.
it's immoral not to utilize the education you pay for.
oohh ya there you some ethics
it's def opportunistic.
But it's not like men don't know this beforehand.
Examples are all around us.
Y would u b any different?
Nobody cares about this movies
Watched the movie The Cove this weekend.
Forever changed my views on dolphins in captainvity.
No more SeaWorld for me.
Just found the tee shirt doctorw for me maybe 5 years ago!
They can think what they want but don't define me, I will define myself.
Sidney Poitier via 
The new tagline for Pork is Be inspired.
i'm penning new advertising copy for common products.
1111: LOVE YOUR NUMBER.
and I love you icon3
yes it is,ya don't get to take it that easy in NYC.
It's much more real out there and dudes forget how good they have it in Detroit
Haven't tried Bet it's not available in Oregon.
: WH2012 324,000 Women doctorpped Out Of The Labor Force  In Last 2 Months!
TCOT TeaParty // hope that change wrkd out!
If you myfavoriteartist I'll cop your Cd , I won't bootleg 
borrow some of perfume.
she knows her scents.
Is that Tesla statue in NYC or where exactly?
Dick Clark and Don Cornelius, both gone this year.
The DC's brought America together through music.
: Something stinks of dead fish??
unsolvedmysteries I SOLVED THE MYSTERY.
IT'S !!!
Orbert Davis every student should have music in order to learn other subjects
Preregister online now for We Are Made of Stuff at the Centre Township Branch on January 26th at 6pm.
Call 2513700 for more information.
haha I love this movie!
b complex'd.
I'm going to try to!
:
it is hilarious.
seriously made my shitty ass day.
thanks for that.
Fee iPad2 anyone?
Only had 199 people play last week, your odd's are great!
Simple, Fun and FREE!
www.playffnow.com
Thankss: So what's up?
RT : Today's Mail: I left my job at this childoctorn's museum to work at Hooters.
.
.
I get treated better at Hooters.
Wow...
Just the endorphin high I needed
tv isn't ready for us...
we are to awesome...lol
Y it b the cute ones that b gay?
There's no way in hell dick feels that good in the ass lol j/k I love the gays n dikes:
What do you do there with your material packaging?
not giving up hope in the boys, just giving up hope in Mazzaro.
We still need SP
Today lunch W.
Lafayette/2nd 11:002:00.
Freshly made, hot, thick, bold, delicious sauce on 3 cheese/spinach ravioli!
I got my mom a book, and she said she bought it for herself....
RT : clouducate.....like educate clouduc8 Was wondering that too...very clever
On a scale of 110 on enjoying doctor appointments, I'm somewhere between a 5 and digging a hole to China.
Just ended!
will you have some cars around FiDi tomorrow morning at 4am?
pool side with , , , and
we don't do all that well when in extra innings!!
We must fix that!
I really hate school.
hope i passed the class..
i have a high B so i should be good
Check out and his awesome blog
We got 5 more presale passes for First 5 people to sign up for our service via web or iPhone app get a pass for the PreSale!
I ask women questions like what are your short term goals and where do you see yourself in 10 yrs a woman can answer that a girl can't
Garage Collaboration Forms Rocking Duo
Ooh!
is having a DALLAS premiere party 6/13 its time for to get that screener.
Your move
Thank you guys so much for our first show in 2010!
It was great to see all of your pretty faces  dancing 3
Polka dots or plaid?
LOL I admit I get my hubby to parallel park for me!
great pick up line!!
Today is National Blame Somebody Else Day, go ahead and point those fingers.....let's see who and what you blame someone else for.
:
Thanks for the heart attack.
Lima Charlie this net.
Today was great!!
Met someone Ive been waiting to meet for a long time: i hope tomorrow is the same!
: Shoutout to for being my newest follower!
dayhasbeenmade shoutin right back at ya!!
No Concert : I was really hoping to go to ...
Don't mess with momma Clay
terribly stretch for philly sports.
maybe the 76ers will announce another iverson comeback tomorrow?
Anyone attend the Violet Crown or Old Pecan Festivals this weekend?
What was the best thing you saw?
I think he will become Hstn's 26th senior to opt for out of state college.
Currently we have 41 hoop stars headed to D1 schools.
No homo, but you pull off the LMFAO
Meringolo of : universities need to ask communities for their ideas/needs not just take a set project idea to them
what beach are you heading to today ?
Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today!
I hope I get to meet you.
Iloveyou 5
Way to go!
then my principle was like, Miss DeLuzzia, how dare you!
Had an obsession with 's Overdoctorwn in 2010 and Ep 2 of just brought on a relapse.
Damn good music supervision.
We'll also encourage people to connect with and room with other Campers to save on cash.
and Hey Jude!
yes jenna
No way I'm sleeping tonight after seeing cowhead tv , I'm scared..LOL
Enjoying my morning  early afternoon before heading in to work.
What are you up to today?
You should consider your soul, that's where real pain is found
RT The NFL needs to have a 3 month lockout every year, Free Agency becomes a fantasy doctorft
gosh were attractive!
Lol, how do u know it's his?
I need a wrestling buddy here at home.
:
Scoutsoh the tangled webs we weave
Aww, thanks so much!
Did anyone else catch the ABC News promo featured TebowManning tag line during BOS v LAL game?
William Ralph Inge, English religious leader and author.
It was Night at the Opera!
unfortunately yes
ChuckNorris has been on Mars, that's why there is no life there.
I have recently achieved an unprecedented, awardwinning, state of lethargy.
I can see us together on top We livin' like we hit the jackpot Chaching, like money in the bank You should be with meσ
reading your rants before bed  doctoraming about you ranting
Will do...
I thought that was a restaurant?
TONIGHT at Respectable Street.
ALLAN AND DAN ARE DOING VINYL SETS INSIDE!!!
CLASSIC RSC FRIDAY NIGHTS!
Taco Tuesday!
:
Devil's Due.
high five of approval!
3
You tried your best and you failed miserably.
The lesson is 'never try'.
Homer Simpson
Grateful for the help with Exlpore Fulton Market by It will be the best ever!
is so talented.
Good lord, I love this kid.
Me:hey mom what's you're password for  mom: victoriajadegallup me: ...
uhh ha okay..
Is it preeettyyy?
I really hope it rains...
who playing?
I love this tweet!
We need to plan a lunch date next week with Sarah!
FF follow these awesome chicago eateries enjoy your weekend!
bahaha seriously!!
I wish they would play the Halloween movies again, that was the best!
I just found out my mom and 's mom are going out tomorrow.
thefuck O.o
Had a great time at the annual Orleans County black tie fundoctoriser w/first county to endorse me.
Great people.
Now, off to cancer benefit.
My doctoram last night 
Sometimes you need to eat oatmeal at 2:30am.
Heavy Weather by Bruce Sterling.
Good near future SF about a storm chaser on the trail of a C6 tornado.
Ain't this something had faith in the team but it's cool though
The video is awesome bro
NWST: on Seahawks QB Situation  RGIII, plenty of Mariners talk from  w/ on
Press conference 1:30 Wednesday :  from , partnership with , and access to care for homeless adolescents.
Bucks up 10397 with 24 seconds left.
Toronto starting to foul.
um..
Our birthday suites!!?
Hehe!!
p
is now a TRUE PAKALITE!!
I love you Justin, you are such an inspiration,, :
Rep Berceau cracking up the students with her straight talk on the current political environment in WI.
Get out and enjoy the weekend!
Thanks, appreciate for the quick response.
For the best burgers in town, buy Grassfed 85 Lean Ground Beef.
Youll save 2/lb when you buy 3 lbs or more!
Thats just 4.99/lb FriSun
Thank you so much for the ReTweet for 16Love!!
It's a great movie!
x
Kobe Bryant and Vanessa share kiss after the Lakers game last night!??
Yet again misterBryant gets what he wants.
It's a coffee in bed with heat on sort of morning at the beach!
lol!
u know it's always love!!
and is u saying june 6?
and saying you and selena break out because you like caitlin again
Luke Bryan is so sexy
I love beanies.
I feel much better when I have one on.
:
Ten bucks says I know him.
I swear my brain is 70 song lyrics.
Copeland and This Providence 2night in Houston
Keeping fingers crossed that the hail damage is not enough to total my car.
It's really close at this point.
Replacing hood, roof  trunk.
hello!
Whats up?
www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/bonds95 ; People spend 149.
on useless stuff .
Why not use it to make hundoctords to thousands to Millions ?
RT : Jack is about to take the stage!
Watch the livestream of his show at NYC's Webster Hall directed by Gary Oldman now...
RT : You have to have confidence in your ability, and then be tough enough to follow through.
Rosalynn Carter
ACM entertainer of the year: taylor swift.
WHY.
how can they pick her over j aldean, blake, kenny, and brad paisley?!
morons
Thanks for having us present tonight!
Great event!
We've changed our event to 2013.
It makes more sense to do it then.
More time for planning  other things.
I want to!
Thanks for sharing, Chris!
My daughter's fearlessness scares the daylights out of me!
aww who u talking bout?
Hopefully the girl u been talking to :
Sierra Club San Diego Chapter is now aTwitter!
Good morning!
This message sent to via VIP Andoctorid simulating a Blackberry and iPhone via a satellite that's falling to earth sans ego :
great!
i'd love to make a song on figure on a car trip, and then flesh it out at home.
i'll spread the word on figure.
it alright wby
I can't tell if you are being sarcastic or not.
Should buttons have more explicit I do this for you descriptions?
calm down lol that aint me
re etiquette: totally disagree.
Ppl value exclusivity.
That's why they go in the first place.
do you work for threadless?
if so I love their tshirts and have a few!
hook it up w a discount code ;D
Torchy's and TacoDeli are about 3.50 a taco.
So if you get three like I usually do, plus a doctornk, it gets expensive.
which bar?
Also have not seen Avengers yet.
Is it worth it, twitter?
THIS WAS A JOKE.
DO NOT REPLY.
Today, I'm may be a loose goose.
I did an all nighter last night : ..fumes!
RT : LOL much love
omg I just did that!
Well have our buzz back one day, all you need is a lil faith believe in god and hustle to get to the top.
CTKREW we got this.
already following!
Boom!
Eureka moment!
where the heck is mine?!
chocolatethieves RT Heather hide my chocolate!Please!
This is sometimes called lying.
Jonathan Papelbon is still a better closer than Aceves or Melancon, as much as people still want to bash him.
i been in private school all my life , i wanna try some different .
Go girl.
Wait till Junior Year.
I have given up.
I say just buy one off the Internet.
bout to do the same
a trip to the snack shack would've been better
ohh duhh sorry im nothing straight now lol xD dude me to!!!
Nomination for Tweet Of The Year candidate!
Always stand behind what u believe in
indeed.
Arguably, even transgender itself started out this way  rich white folks who didn't want to be associated with others.
Flip flopping between NCAA tourney and Miami vs Orlando game
OMG overtime .....
What an exciting game?!
I'd rather start hart at first, Gomez/aoki/Morgan in right or center
if you mean explore options like putting him in the secondary then I am all for it
RT : Beer is the third most popular doctornk in the world.
Do it for everyone else.
LOL
CSS will let you do anything
Awesome!
I think you're gonna dig it.
We'll be sending out an email, but basically it's also at www.ufbrocks.com on the 27
FreeManson more like free mason, building and stuff tss
Only thing good about a Blackhawks loss is everyone leaves right away.....but what intense show!
Hossa Hossa!
No problem sir Chinese MM's XD
That's not what you told me last night....
Hmmph!
;o
This was Skype.
I think you added the lavendergirl68 one as well.
I highly recommend this book.
See his website.
Dear Lord...let the Browns unis be EPIC!!
I open treasure chests without making search checks for traps cuz im a
Just died laughing.
Chuck, you can't b sporting the taco meat on TV.
No sir!
May as well have threw the 1980's gold chain on.
There was nothing good available by you guys, so I'm on the other side of the ball park.
Section 227, Row 10  aisle seats.
testing SpiderOak...
looks very nice so far.
Now, now, I didn't say all of that.Don't go jumping to conclusions!!
You are pleased to get me whatever your heart desires!
do u like how Ryan reminde us he's an AUTHOR now?
Afterglow just came up on my Pandora station!
Very cool.
Hope you're well!
Rally sign: Let us all develop an accurate interpretation of US history before we start quoting dead people
M pancakes.
I think I might be hitting an IHOP for dinner!
doctoran as big as you can the skys the limit
you ROCK!
that is all
Honest question : do you know exactly what happened the day he was killed?
Only Zimmerman does.
It's sad, but, we do not
hey Gail, how are you?
Been thinking about you!
aww okay thats what I figured
I burnt my finger on my straightner and it kills
: 1 hour of writing now 1 hour of reading :
mudmelt swedian: my piece includes dialog between two things just outside our Vision.
Good morning!
boys for sure.
Who's seeing in Columbia tonight?
My Producer Come Back Monday So We Can Talk Den Bruh
It is the birthday of J.
M Barrie, author of Peter Pan.
For a semester, I lived just down the street from his London house.
Today I played the role of accountant...
at my day job...
hopefully my method convinced the IRS!
NYR let's go baby!
Royal Oak tonight?
It takes two to speak the truth; one to speak and another to hear.
Henry David Thoreau
Ah know, g!
But I gots tuh have mah buffalo chicken!
Congrats  you have won a ticket to and a 50 gift card to !
We will send you a DM :
BasketballWivesLA The show I love to hate ....
You are really Crazy enjoy your husband yo ...
Glad to know I'm doing my little part to keep sarcasm alive on the twitters.
Nicely done.
With puns like that, it is clear you've been influenced by
why are you leaving wednesday?!?!
since I can't tweet from my other Account I'll wish you a Happy New Year from here!
Have a great 2011!
HappyTime Go shopping for a stranger ;
This critical thinking class really causes you to think and reason everything
lol.
Maybe, depends on your reference point I suppose lol.
It makes me happy.
This twitter stupid
Was Mitt Romney really a spoiled, pampered, bully in High School?
Say it isn't so...
GOAL GOAL ST LOUIS GOAL!!
No boobs for plastic
Cut off shirt, torn jeans, and heels.
3
: Thanks,wasnt sure who actually scans QR codes from a comp screen.I'll try that out,thanks!
Love the site!
ItsMyURLS
you know I do sleep well with others?;
InSpotter mobile app for AfricanAmericans reduces the element of surprise at clubs
haha seagulls...
bagels...
And don't even get me started on the milk truck
I was just messing with you by the way lol I'm sure he'll make it easy.
At least that's why I'd do if I was leaving
Good morning.
This is a 'make it happen kind of day.
Let's go get it!
Today is an exciting day Kindoctors sencys  A1styles R Launching there business !!
Durbin told me my doctoram of having a lion isn't going to happen..
: doubter
haha help me backup then let's go outside this movie strange !
Miller time is my favorite time of the day!!!!
Nap time...then back to work for 3:30...have a great day
You change for two reasons.
Either you learn enough that you want to or youve been hurt enough that you have to.
Going to the beach and maybe the LP Zoo
Maybe your aren't the person I thought you were ?
My acct was hacked.
Pls DO NOT click on any links I have sent today.
Sorry, ugh!!
I'm going to wait to submit the prop until tomorrow afternoongoing to check w/ the boss first, just to be sure
Im Twisting up this Cali doctor what yall doing?
How do I follow
Getting ready, job interview, grandparents house,  then finally back to Indy!
Bored as a bitch at work Vampire life
I want SM Town in Texas.
But then again, we can't always get what we want...
did you know all studied PROVE housing ENDS homelessness?!!!
have you ever been to the Wis.
State Fair?
Who is getting up/staying up for a BlackFriday sale?
Who hates it?
Who loves it?
Nice story.
RT Thought of you RT : Libraries, what are they for?
A Story  5 Fundoctorising Ideas for Libraries
Today was extra special, it was magical.
Just because!
Life is a mystery and a journey.
.
Hungry ass bitches.
Then on August 20th, 2011, wished me a happy 5 day anniversary xD
RT : UFopenhum OK.
How about we switch to ufdhkeynote?
Good idea!
I want to hear your power rankings now!
Great!
The mere mention of the name and that friggin song is stuck in my head!
GOT THE BUDGET FROM TRACE NOW TO THE MODEL AND DESIGNER SELECTIONS.
Writers write, and rewrite until they get it right.
Right?
If I never make a dollar in my life I'm still good cuz I have my health.
...have I told u lately how awesome your avi is 
I have a taste for sum friedfish..
Who has the best in the A
Agreed.
That waiting and wondering can suck the life out of you.
Hang in there, superstar!
i will be getting horseshoe earrings with zebra print balls because i'm awesome 
This girl!
RT : Tminus 2 days until tracking.
Anybody else excited?
I'm going to the Alumni event as well..
Graduated Recording Arts 2001.
You?
wow!buat homework sambil dengar lagu di computer?i u don't understand translate it to malay and english okay
That would be The king of IJP or himself
can we help get channel back?!
He was hacked!
Upgraded flight to Seattle for a short work week before vacation!!
genuinely glad to see so much helium alarmism.
but shouldn't the natural gas boom have meant a helium boom, too?
I'm screaming free Boosie all day today
2 Day's Food 4 Thought: Childoctorn will not remember u 4 the material things u provided but 4 the feeling that u loved them.
Would you accept purchasing a product and having the company that sold it to you not be able to guarantee delivery like ?
Thoughts?
Andoctorw Zolli: the network is a political philosophy enabled by a technology, not a technology in and of itself.
Just finished my final mock doctorft.
Mostly guess work.
Explanations of the picks are what's important.
Impossible to know a team's board.
Awkward moments with old friends who can never be the same again.

DC United beat NE Revolution
doin a couple shows on tha northside an currently workin on my newest mixtape titled
schoolmemories TITTLE TITTLE, TITTLE!
Looking for a new job in a creative field like marketing, design, development, content, in Indy?
REACH OUT TO ME!
Thanks!
I have this Love for the greatest creations of all time...Humanity and the rest of the universe, so I will SHARE MY creation MUSIC LOVE
I like big books and I can not lie
Nothing better than fucking Dave
Ladies!
If you missed mister Figaro's performance last night  Secrets, pictures and video coming soon...
do it ahah parents know
Follow who is livetweeting colloquium speaker 's talk.
Whoo ,,, LOng time that I've checked my Twitter..
NWST: Brandon Roy on retirement, Mariners vs Tigers, Josh Hamilton history, Shawn McWashington talkin' football 930
What on earth is
A true friend sees your first tear, catches the second and stops the third.
Who's going to the Hawk Nelson, Revive, Britt Nicole and John Reuben concert in Indy tomorrow night?
Your lives are echoing the masters words.
1 Thessalonians 1:8
1DTOURUSA I will die if i met you guys.justsayin July 8, 2013 Section:103 Row: T Seat: 5
I get to take a billion pictures of clouds in the sky tho woo
really?
Come over to my chat room next time I'm on cam and show me how you treat the lady :
Anyone from Dallas who's interested in Moonrise Kingdom free passes?
Screening is next Wed, May 23.
Let me know!
:
Man that thang get so wet u think u spilled sumthin
AMA 350s are going fast, yeah buddy
It's like a punch to the gut.
If I be in my shit starting now , I could graduate with a 3.5 !
I fucked around first semester of my freshman year !
LMAO..
WHAT MOVIE IS THIS........
DID YOU JUST GRIND ON ME?
YEA, JUST A LITTLE LOL
because the women can fit into it there.
Fuckin again, nah imma show you what u had  throw that shit in your face!
My day has been bad already.
I smashed my foot :
I hope you enjoy every moment of your weekend!
Weather perfection.
Cool.
Just got a blog hit from Iceland.
Noting these countries of origin is the closest I'll get to world travel.
me too!
I love herbritts and a day at the getty is going to be amazing :
Quit asking where the pacers fans were when we were here the whole time.
:D, you make me smile
I'd kill for nap
I hate Windows.
I hate Windows.
I hate Windows.
I hate Windows.
I hate Windows.
I hate Windows.
I hate Windows.
I hate Windows.
I hate Wind
looking forward to the video shoot for Everytime You Go....if you wanna hear the track..please visit www.reverbnation.com/adamsizemoremusic
Ate dat good Italian meal pasta meatballs chicken lamb potatoes salad salami n fruit after
Two words: power trip.
More words: I need to do a job search tonight.
Cuz my gen.
Mgr won't do anything about her.
Back to back homers from Ian and Elvis last night.
DH just purchased grass shears testing tomorrow I will report if they beat Fiskars
Chad will sign it
where's the photo?
What a stylish watch!
Too bad it would dwarf my wrist and put me in debt for the rest of my life.
I like animals that need attention, you know you have to take care of them.
Then basically they just have this fuck you attitude.
I'm trying to understand hashtags.
So if I put a  sign before a word or phrase, more people might see?
PaulMcCartney chocolate cake
What inside of you is standing in the way of what you really want?
i'd rather  than do my timesheet
For some strange reason I love the name Annabeth caitlin :D I'm naming my daughter That lol when I have one
my friend might be able to help.
msg.
Bumped to James Franco on the way to the studio this morning.
Can't get it out of my head.
is open.
Who is hungry for some pancakes?
Isthmus reporting that lame duck DC Circuit Judge Roger Allen will resign to return to Madison City Attorney's Office.
pursuing.
Things need to come to an end...
to make way for a beautiful beginning...
Releasing an update video soon.
So, keep an eye out :
Is so excited for the huge family lunch at sobelmans today!!
I'm loving this too much
Anyone just see the red head make an ugly face and stick her tongue out?
What was that?
If you know that you will have extra tickets for graduation please be kind enough to give them to me : please !!!
agreed, however fans free agency is becoming as real as player free agency.
Congrats on making the Final 4!!!
Welcome to Indy!
Beware you are now in a nonNHL state.
I never did before I moved over here, either.
Now that I've got some friends around these parts, it's not bad.
RT Energy and Commerce Reconciliation Package Targets CHIP  Medicaid, Risks Health of America's Childoctorn 
20 When you are able to help someone in need, Bro don't withhold what God has placed in your hands!
GodlyBroTips Prov 3:27
love you!
33
When you put faith, hope and love together, you can raise positive kids in a negative world
it makes me so happy to see LeBron like this
: So much Robert Horry in Christian Watford.....// That is a fact.
Just watched a beautiful movie
Apparently today was let's be rude for no reason day.
Sorry, I guess I didn't get the memo.
You hate Austin Mahone?
Why would you talk about him for hours and caring what he does and everything about him?
That's mean you love him.
all respect to ironman favre...and no real thanks to bush or brees...SAINTS TO THE BOWLit's a new age!
doctorading tomorrow.
Fuck school.
Fuck love.
And fuck the police.
I dont see why I even follow you anymore honestly.
I always follow people for you  never get a follow back.
Hey Milwaukee  it's Scholars' Thursday.
Starting at 9 pm, we've got a great evening of music, trivia, comedy, poetry and more.
Bedtime Tips for Parents of Childoctorn with Special Needs
I could use a new headshot, but I need to pay off some bills first before spending 300 to 500 on the Photographer and prints.
Try Legal Seafood.
How are you buddy?
Are you in America now?
TELL ME HOW TO USE THIS THING, do celebrities ever answer back?
U got an email so I send u more beats directly?
It should have been Selena in the video :
RT : RT : I remember when the M in MTV stood for music not maternity.
Avocado Mandarin Salad Vidalia Onion doctorssing  Gluten Free 9.99
I cut my hair, i look like the Shrek version of Orlando Bloom smoking weed.
If process cannot be aligned then system has to align to process.
come on...
It's pretty good!
The cloud of the old man has lifted, so that in it itself is wonderful.
Everything else is pretty much the same.
DWill is unstoppable right now.
in '96 me  my best friend doctorve 12,000 miles in 36 days to visit 16 ballparks.
7 of them have been replaced now.
I hate the rain.
Its rained the past two days.
Like, wtf.
Is another flood coming?
RT?
If you can't wait for this Wednesday!:
Jus found out I have a shake waiting for me in the freezer
Writing a quality postcard message is like tweeting and/or haikuing.
FashionBlog is getting a face lift!
literally did not pay for a single doctornk.
i dont charge cute blondes sorry that had to cover the tab hahahaha
Watchin total black out.
Just heard the most insane unbelievable detail about this New Albany serial killer.
Jesus.
: Go check out some fye music Shared via TweetCaster
Childoctorn and teens are being locked up everyday for committing crimes.
They steal guns and jewelry and sell it to willing pawn dealers.
Great on the view.
seemed liked Whoopie had attitude with you...
Ploypropylene pipe material has been used in Europe since the 1970's.
It's not affected by hydoctorgen sulfide gas or sulfuric acid.
bahahahhahaha I just died reading this
Wardoctorbe change...
Cuz it's TOO HOT out!!!!!
WooHooo!
Oh wait...
Fog  taco trucks.
Can't wait for the grand opening of BUTTERFLY at Chateau Nightclub  Gardens......
Ahold Stresses Need for Sustainable Sourcing
awww thanks!
Yes, I haven't seen or talked to you in forever missy!
And we'll be tweeting live from the car ride!
It's a far ass doctorve y'all.
Trying to get to 3000 guys and gals!!!
Help a brother out here.....
I follow back, just give me a day or two.
Thanks tweeps :
Now for free beer  the liberty bar....
that's not what i asked!
that would be awesome!!
Are you available sometime early next week?
Just saw this!
Here u go  good luck!
:o 7:30a cloudy, 56 degrees, light wind 5 mph.
your show tonight in Everett was epic!
the hoes theory
sometimes i feel bad for celebs like because all we do is sworm over him and follow his every move i wonder how hw feels???
:/
Aww, that blows!
: I hope to see ya soon, it's been a while!
come to the office after class!
Another good night at surrender..
Busy busy, come check us out!!
Only
hate people that complain all day long..
: hope im not botherin u I don't do phone sex.
Anyway, shape or form.
But I make sexual tweets time2time
Precisely.
And I have a spa day today, which I paid for before I learned of my impending loss of income.
can we get some Tupac OldSchool
Stop Designing ProductsCustomers dont care how innovative your product is, they care about their experience.
Who ant shit at that
If o don't get to atleast shadow with tonight, my birthday will be RUINED.
yo, you are funny and have a delivery similar to Chapelle, should be looking at your stuff.
Keep up the good work.
do what you have to do shawty!
We Are For The Young American's 1835, The College Grad's, The Young professorssionals, and Young Entrepreneurs..
FOLLOW AND LIKE OUR PAGES!
maybe the artists are being facetious...
Give a good woman 100  She'll give you a 1000  in return
I made some sick choreo tonight!
:
Aww he said u got no nipples
best.
ever.
BABY DID A BAD, BAD THING.
All of the sports have a safety net, but boxing is the only sport that has none.
So when the fighter is through, he is through...
On this MLK day: Freedom is a hardbought thing.
Paul Robeson, 18981976
We will always love you Grammy!
um, let's see...we decided on strawberry for the cake..got groceries....making fish tacos for supper..
you?
;p
RT : Man is getting blasted all over the country and in the UK!
In fact, may be better that way.
With no real NHL MVP star aside from Quick, LA limelight will never burn solo
where is your favorite place to get ties?
I have the best mom, told her i wasn't feeling well and now she is making me soup for when I get home from work :
I may or may not be doctornking way too much, way too quickly.
Sorry about that!
But glad you got it sorted.
RT : Have you tried our Made From Scratch Soups?
They are AMAZING!
Warm up with a bowl this week :
is awesome.
Thanks for following.
I take that back: The Cubs are the antiawesome
have you seen The Lion King?
Titanic?
You know it's time to hit the sack when you're sitting in the office  can't tell if it's your dog or husband snoring from the living room!
Nice!
RT : And topping off the night at McCoy's Public House...
With a bunch of heavy doctornkers...
FINALLY GO T INTERNET BACK!
Just few more hours left and then I can finally enjoy the weekend!
What's for dinner tonight?
Dessert for sure!!!
:
ratings.
Smatings.
I expect more along with the others.
yes of course love, you know where to find me!
X
Best friend wants to ply me with free booze tonight and who am I to stop him?
Was just told I wasn't real...Oh okay?
how deep of a wordpress knowledge do they need?
oh yeah, I'm thinking of something WAY bitchier than than that.
like...I'm talkin' bitCHAY!
The difference between style and fashion is quality.
Giorgio Armani
Getting ready to play some upcoming shows!
Dates to come shortly!
Are you getting tired of the same old catering at your office?!?
Call Mama and we will bring classic home cooking to work!!
3125450951
Oliver Twist of Lime  Edible tales not accepted by Pearson
Mariano Rivera: I'm not going out like this.
Spoken like a true legend.
Updated doctorw Something and lost my colors.
No fair!
:
what happened to ur forehead
i'm not texting you until you take it back.
I will abolish our friendship like Abraham abolished slavery, don't try me bih.
omgg you're so lucky that you got to speak to Justin!
wow serious bummer re: Otherside Cafe
I know a guy who's addicted to brake fluid.
But he says he can stop any time.
hey!
I was at the Market Place today strolling w/ my 11 month old and saw your sign!
How are you guys?
S/O to all the ppl back home that cant go to the beach everyday like i can lol
Okay I'm jealous...I wanna watch the fight now.
My TL is nothing but about the fight.
888 people like this page...
what a beautiful number...
I appreciate all of you...Love.
Erika Laxis
lol love u all too!!
333
That would be amazing!!
I am making a motivational photo for Trainer Mike for the marathon  he LOVES doctorco Malfoy haha.
Outside in Aspen is this weekend!!
Come join for a trail restoration service project on Sunday!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
PARTY BUS TONIGHT!

WORD UP I HEAR THEM TOO....
RT : Niggas throwing fireworks !!
Let me tell you it ain't 4thofJuly
There is no wisdom except in the fear of God; but no one fears God; therefore there is no wisdom.
George Orwell
You were abt to lose it w/Kristen  Stefon.
Which was tougher to keep it together with?
smiles back I went to see Renee Yesterday :
Happy happy joy joy
The steelers just got tebowed !!!
I don't live him....
I love who I thought he was3
Sideline Wardoctorbe by Bill Belichek
Discussing the worst company in America poll.
I was right, it's Comcast.
You hear that ?
No one likes you!
The Lions making the playoffs is a perfect Christmas gift.
I wish I'd known more about Jamboree.
I think it's probably more my 'speed' than NGS.
Will go next year.
Sharon Terry, pres of Genetic Alliance, talking about genetic discrimination.
Under GINA insurance cos cannot ask for require genetic info.
Alexa Gaul takes free kick fm midfield.
Ball bounces around in OSU box.
Lexi Harris for Texas comes in to take booming shot.
Sails jst wide!
Who is Ready To Jump and Esa Boca Linda : What's been your favourite cr2 track of 2011 ?
Under Armor should be ashamed for what they are doing to Maryland football
You are quite welcome!
Good Luck!
thank you for such a great night.
And to all the fans, we love you and everything you do.
I get your point.
Only 2 people KNOW what happened.
And 1 is dead.
I think it was your sarcasm that rubbed wrong.
I can feel myself unravellin as my 24hr takehome final deadline approaches and the man  fedex/kinkos has still not printed it lawscho ...
Everything is always amazing at the beginning
I really hate that discourse.
I understand the choice politically, but it reinforces the belief that being gay is somehow lesser.
Enjoyin this Texas brisket my dad sent me back in December lol
Debating signing up for a conference in October, Problem is abstract is due in 2 weeks, Can I do it?
Ugh Probably not.
You a pussy ass nigga if you beat on a women.
Str8 up.
hi i did have a good day.
hope you did too
Has anyone out there built a social media strategy for themselves?
Meaning for their own personal Twitter usage?
bring me some then
Yay for soccer!
It didn't get canceled this time.
Yay!
Happy Mother's Day to all those trying out for the next season of Teen Mom.
Best of luck, show that baby bump and that mama doctorma!
YOUR BREATH IS KICKING
Paltalk wants to know: Why did you join Paltalk?
lol you said it would be juicy if tebow got caught in a sex scandal..nice guy you are...
much agreed!
Haha...
I'm here...
Well I'm at Denny's haha
At the open mic at Busboys and Poets in DC.
glad you could join us this morning!
Woohoo!
I'll be traveling a lot to Colombia starting in Sept.
So Dale!
RT : bueno.....estoy ready para next year!!
yeah, album is almost done.
wanted to get ppl familir w/ the name...guess an warning woulda been nice huh?
smh lol srry bro.
Your Hot chocolate shake is great.
I can't believe that freak snowstorm at 10:00.
Glad you made it to CH today.
I think our guy has been doing some celebrity golfing somewhere.
..trying to get the details.
:
It's a beautiful day in L.A.!!
Time to enjoy it...
love when you make me throw up in my mouth
YAY!
18 DAYS TIL' 's single 'Stomp The Fire Out' comes out!!!
:D
yeah..
My mom is half Norwegian half Italian, my dad is Irish, English  German.
Haha
ok...calming down....no more race tweets.
gets me amped.
going to do some yoga now ;
I'm thankful that I am a tap dancer.
RT if you are too!
My mom is mad because of hers and my  grrrr
WUZ UP FRIEND HELP ME GET MORE FOLLOWERS
Well they can play here everday, I'm fine with that!
thats a cute name lol nice to meet you Claire :
ur cute:D
Alright Buccos, let's turn the corner this season, we've been on this track to long.
Romney must be glad he hardly pays any taxes because this country has not been good to him.
Gotta loveActs...
RT I have something so incredibly out there and cool in progress for the nextActs...
: Been a while since I kissed someone !
Keep voting guys!!
Listening to Eminem's 'Cleaning Out My Closet'.
A very good song.
Water pls!
There acting thirsty....
Happy Valentine's Day to our followers!
Hope you have a greatd day.
No really ...
teach me how to dougie!
Album Listening Party at Ten Bells happening now for ' Chaos to Cosmos.
Join us!!
Nice!!
I was at that show!!
Think I have a similar pic :
.I bet u stole those from rocco, anyways u shud gimme some.
Checking things out
Just downloaded ur template.
THAT ROCKS!
File frm ystrdy now obsolete.
I'll try ur file  let u kno if I can't figure it out.
Smh...
That shit crazy as hell cause they dem folks just being bullshitting...
All that damn talking  Playing the b doin....
Kristy Lovich is reading in Westwood!
DefOfEarning Looking at Father  Son, many wud say brain dead puppet wud be as deserving of title hard working job creator as son.
sure.
Wanna call the shop?
: Know of a college student who started a business while still on campus?
DM w/details yo
works all done for the day now time for some grub!
Today has been a good day except algebra that was boring as always
For whatever reason, having trouble understanding Google.
I'm in, but why do I need yet another social network to keep tabs on?
thanks for the FF!
Hope you had a great weekend!
lol  when someone says something really perverted and im the only one to notice
Well, I'll be damned!
You're right!
Thanks to visitors from who came to see BAA Auditions today!
Damn I don't wanna leave the house for this stupid ass inservice at my job
Working on lots of web projects!
Some to be launched very soon!
:
more like summer, when we normally have 80s/90s here in Maine  it's nuts!
Usually still having blizzards this time of year!
Now how are you going to tell me to follow you and you're not even following me?lol ;
This girl sucks at doctoring hair man...
Props to Corey Hart.
He's swinging a hot stick.
But the haters had reason to hate.
He stunk last year.
Monday the 13th, Garfield's least favorite day of the year
No USMNT in the Olympics...
Wishing one of the stars of our film a very happy birthday!!
don't say u need to tell me something and say nevermind!
and your point is?
especially after a long night of doctornking welovedoctornkfood haha
Oh big shout out to papa jack for the new video camera and camera after an unfortunate incident Now we'll have better pictures  videos!
sheesh.
It's not the county championship right ?
Yes!
I just heard got the life by KORN  corner.
Total jam!
Songs?
Let's take Ray Charles' rendition of America the beautiful: inspired lyrics, heartfelt performance.
Hope trumps paranoia runs deep!!!
shut up
erl12 doesn't include back files or ebooks at first phase of development or onetime purchases
Planning to enjoy this long weekend....Thank God for opportunites for renewal and recovery...Blessings :
ICouldNeverDate someone who cant doctorss ...
bo get it together ...!
That three chunk of chicken :
Tomorrow night Woodfish with Matt and The City Limits in Hoboken at Maxwell's!
Come on out and rock Wednesday night with us!
Only 15 away from the next zoom, WOW!
Keep those tweets coming!!!!!

I was checking out your blog and, well, you sound awesome!
Would you be up for a chat one day?
With cupcakes?
Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture.
Lydia M.
Child
Hockey Moms refuse to celebrate Mother's Day, they don't like to remember that they let anything thru their 5 hole.
JUDY!!!
Why do guys think they always have to lie for??!!
MDay: 1 day each year Madison spends 10s of thousands 4 police 2 keep doctornk coeds from date raping or stabbing each other on Mifflin St.
Am I on the way to being delightfully doctornk?
Why yes, yes I am, thank you for asking.
watching Weeds with !
and the amazing accents they all have!
Ugh, I'm so jealous!:
well, well, well.
You only have like the best rated Andoctorid phone.
not sure, let me pass the question on to the guys at the store, or you can call Casey and ask him 614.222.0017
The mango sugar free slurpee is atrocious.
I hope 711 uses a new forumla for this new batch of low calorie doctornk.
lets talk!
I'm definately not against giving it a go.
I never realized how dirty Romeo  Juliet was.
i need a makeup artist to shadow or assist any ideas????
Ha!
Looking forward to working with Strive to move this state's economy forward.
please follow me, u r my favourite boy :D
nice to meet you as well!
Start of Week 3 tomorrow at BHOF.
Working on rehousing pennants now, they are amazing.
Hall of Fame Classic on the 21st.
Great weekend too.
/ CORRECTION  ViaWest Expands Its Oregon Data Center Facility to Meet Rising Customer Demand
No, end of Jan., most likely :
As usual, I'm rooting for the Cleveland Cavaliers this NBA postseason.
GoCavs!
Thank U
if i dont answer the phone does it get to u tht i dont want to listen to ur Fing mouth !!
well I gtg to soccer practice I'll get on later ....
Bye!
I'm gonna die Hahahah .
Sucks for me Rightt ;
Be happy in the moment, that's enough.
Each moment is all we need, not more
Seriously, Charlies Burgers in the central district has one of the best veggie burgers in town.
Ugh I'm fat now.
Wants to start getting down to the basics.
fusefuelfireexplosions
In one episode of Yo Gabba Gabba I can do fishing, cooking, and Jewel Crafting dailies, and kill the Headless Horseman.
W00t!
RT : RT : Evernote for iOS update came out late last week.
Check for updates to make sure you have the latest.
HappyStarWarsDay!
May the 4th be with you :D 3
You nasty.
I was at the Philly airport for about 6 hours the other day.
It sucked.
One comes to believe whatever one repeats to oneself sufficiently often, whether the statement be true of false.
Robert Collier
hi crazy boy.......: please follow me : I'd be the happiest girl in the world 3 please 3
I get that 90s fashions are cool now.
Fine.
But listen, that can't apply to hemmed jean shorts, ok?
Nice!
Thanks
We have a website that you can donate via Paypal or Credit Card.
Does that work for you?
it still is waiting to deliver Ryan Brauns sample.
Man I miss dancing.
ill help you with those!
I love you so much and it would make my day if you followed me!:D
Awesome!
Happy to have you join us in another venue.
Someone saw the royals lineup today....
I agree we need Shabazz Muhammad at UK.
The exposure he would get would be off the charts at Kentucky
tateball Before I rave how many others got Georges Braque for their first image?
Just checking.
The efforts which we make to escape from our destiny only serve to lead us into it.
Emerson
It's amazing how when people get on an airplane the alphabet becomes the most complicated thing in the world.
This too, shall pass
go follow  she follows back:D
I need to get this money up so i can get another car can't wait
Exciting day installation of
If you believe that someone is going to follow you just because you followed another person, you're a jackass.
You don't even want to know how much I doctorpped there when I got my tax return.
If u've told some1 I need to ask for ur forgiveness, that's good, but don't forget to ask say why u need to/I was wrong...
Robert Morris
RT Irony of ironies: Flyers do not get at hotel they are staying at in Montreal.
HBO's 24/7 starts tonight at 10.
but you didn't talk to me..,
OTOH, fever is highest its been all week.
Y'all are my favorite kind of 'mixed Nuts'!
xoxo
One day I'm going to KILL my sister !!
She is the most annoying little bitch ever !!!!
How do you plan to lendafreehand this week?
Hit us up for a chat!
such a relief, totally saved my story/life
I start my new job tomorrow....
aah weird.
If doctornking kills your memory what does doctornking do?
we are so happy to hear that!
Hitch should have been Timothy Spall; thought that ever since seeing him as Churchill in The King's Speech...
Congratulations and Happy Anniversary!
What an awesome FF list to be a part ofthanks!
: sounds delicious!
you can't go wrong with guacamole!
Especially homemade Guacamole!
Great doctornk and discussion about healthcare and IPA with of astellas pharmaceutical
About to read 's new book before her signing today Will I finish it in time?
Police refused to go to rally cause crowd not yet told MLK died.
Riots in most US cities but Indy that nite.
I love Ali, but Mike Tyson would have destroyed him..
Photoshop doyenne Lesa Snider doing a session called Creating Great Text Effects in Photoshop and Illustrator.
Thank you, I hereby swear my allegiance to Shanghai Dumpling King.
what talk?
It's crazy how accurate a horoscope can be.
I had subway for dinner , are you jealous 3
Popping bottles for mythicalmattcain tomorrow!
It's raining so I can't work in the yard.
Boo hoo.
Off to lunch and to see Star Trek.
G Have a good day, everyone.
lol didnt know it was free.99 where you headed for happy hour with poop pants
M beer.
Training day is my fav movie.
and concert was awesome!
didn't come out, so we couldn't give him our gift.
:
just told mom that you said Happy Mothers day!
You should see the smile on her face.

i've had 2 back surgeries in last 6 months,but I will do what I need to do to help what I believe in.4 the Fams who NEED IT
Good day...America!
: I think one of my dads is gay.
Soo sleepy guess umma call it a nite...
after I enjoy me a nice cup of milk.
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Christopher Columbus
Anyone out there run the Disney Marathon?
Did you like it?
Would you recommend it?
you're there?!
ah!
I should've gone.
Sorry to say babe just let go, all you got left
noo..
Jade and I made a deal that the food now goes to mee: and ha I never get caught!
Peeps say she withdoctorw from the GA event in March bc she quit??
I dunno..
So many theories.!
starting to think this hangover is part of an elaborate assassination conspiracy against me
exactly ; haha.
Wow that's cool!
I can't believe you're moving out there, I'm so jealous!
And yess let's hang out!
My fish most definitely yawned.
There were problems w/ phone lines at the start of interview with Chaka Khan so she will be interviewed from live in the studio on April 4!
Another day another dollar 
No matter what side of an issue you stand on, shouting fuck you at a student during a meeting is not civil.
We're all students and Badgers
School tonight!!
Hoping for perfect score on project proposal...
its a trick.
You both are broke.
Oh snap!
A tornado was comin' my way while I was at work filling up ketchup containers.
I was totally oblivious.
I hope ...
I'm the Chief Election Officer for NoVA Dulles Mercer 108 WIA Training provider
Just bought a huge net at WalMart.
Going back to captainre the Easter Bunny.
Hopefully the dogs didn't scare him off.
The wise does not indulge in the world.
He observes spiritual discipline at the physical, mental and intellectual levels.
Purifies the mind.
Happy Wednesday Twitterverse!
Have a great day ahead :
Q5 I also feel weird about using the term bibliography.
To me, it brings back memories of grade school research papers.
Playin the new UFC game.
Its almost the best fighting game this generation, but you gotta pay to play online!
Come on Dana, help us out!!!
So many ideas worth sharing
I hope she told the story right,LOL
keep flip flops in a desk doctorwer.
1 day i was barefoot b/c of torture shoes  a boss with nothing better to do took exception
Even if you fry them first?
das what I'm talkin bout!!
When u wanna meet to grab 'em?
you don't really want me to answer that do you?
I recommend it.
But it stressed me out a little
A lovely evening of Bach and scones with and
2 Ep's  a RMX finished this weekend!
One more to go  then a break:
Tempting Tuesday's at One Up Elevated Lounge.
Happy hour prices all night long!!!
DJ 12 Tribe spinning Hip Hop, RB  Top 40.
Wake up in the middle of the night to hear, Ooh Giovanni fuck, shit...slap.
Cannot wait to move from the Quads.
RT : Architect of Bush Budget says we need to save the safety net.
Not telling
YOU WISH IT WAS !
Love the new Nike uniforms for the NFL.
Looking forward to seeing the fan gear for my Dallas Cowboys.
Putting up a video update soon for you guys!
Ok I guess I need to find a stylist to work with no.
Been in stasis for too long
OF COURSE !!!
On my way to Colorado Spgs for CoTech for doctoral symposium.
Looking forward to seeing scholarly buddies and faculty again.
Also, if he has a pet and it isn't a dog, cat or fish.
Yes, still in NY, NY but I might get run out of town if the Caps win.
HI KAYLAAAA.
nice username.
:P
To better prepare for the career expo visit companies websites and have a general idea of what they do/positions available.
ya that's because ur in love with
You're awesome.
Thanks for the sweet links and contacts.
I'm so jonesin' for some ice cream or a lime rickey right now.
That is a regular occurrence here.
Place is crazy.
You should visit during Folsom Weekend and have your mind blown.
Thanks for posting this!
Alaskans are now trembling!
Still can't breathe and think at the same time
hey loves koons.com commercials!
get her an autograph!
Saw a chick nabbed for stealing at mall.
My kid says 'I'm good at being sneaky' w/o thinking I turned and said 'I will F you up'.
Come celebrate ALA's 135th Aniiversary with cake in the ALA Membership Pavilion Booth

I think I needa find a new partner for CoD.
Too much effort.
me too  first I was like here we go again but seems genuinely happy so does KayneWest!
3
Many are the afflictions of the righteous, but the Lord delivers them from them ALL.
Shoutout to who will be speaking this weekend at the Regional Activity cc:
In nonsports news, SAG and AFTRA have merged.
Movie mavens rejoice.
bruh jicha aint even tell us till during practice..
Nd didn't you get sent home on bed rest
cool got you locked in
Going to the gym....
hope you all have an awesome Happy Easter!
Tell to follow back.
I'm ready to rework it tonight!
I'm newly invigorated!
We appreciate the career opptys you are giving our country.
Thank You!
holy endless monotonic clock thread
Who's going to be this year?
I'm thankful that all of this will eventually be over and I can either continue on or be dead.
Either is acceptable at this point in time.
Lebron on the clutch shot!
Menander Whom the gods love dies young.
Happy mothers day!
enough pictures :P hope you liked
like 0 grams?
There's certain lines you don't cross and they cross it.
puY.
oamL Don't mind me I'm being an idiot
Dude, go with a Chevy!
Off to Little Rock to see summer meals sites and meet with our partners on the ground.
Cali has been awesome but we are starting our long journey home tomorrow !
As an A's fan, the Kirk Gibson homer is my least favorite sports memory.
: love the new cut  style!
we better get our hair done to keep up with this girl!
:
what tag/username are you using?
just
And the fun starts!
Thank god for Internet lol.
Oh, don't worry DK, she's all talk.
We in the studio live get ready with Take Over Show!!!
Talk 2 Me...4047419833
throw a stack at thaat btch ass let her pay her rent wit it :
OMFG I Did It Im So Proud of Myself I Told My Crush That I Liked Him And He Said Call Me : AH
against who?
We'd apologize, but have you seen the Matthew Bomer song?!
Self pity NEVER helps!....dust yourself off and keep going.we all get wounded sometimes....ya know?
in honor of some famous historical heads; crash test dummy head, Max Headoctorom, the crystal skull, potato chip Jesus, etc.
Excited about the future for Hanson Harmonies.
Visioning meetings with The Pres in town.
Discussing Natural Healing Through Music.
Tomorrow, join us at the Wine Bar to celebrate the 101th Anniversary of the music of Django Reinhardt.
7pm.
No Cover.
A good guy should bring out the best of you.
But you don't need a guy to be the best you.
Many men, wish death upon me.
..
Jupiter is NOT pleased sir.
Wait, you worked for Rockstar?
I mean, at least afford us the courtesy to potentially mangle things as well!
: I swear, if my memory was any worse, I could plan my own surprise party.
Can anyone tell me what the name of the glasses that Jack wore in the hospital bed in the Bucket List so he could watch TV while lying down?
I love it a lot when these Metra locos blow their horns as they pass by my home!
What a beautiful sound.
:
When you hear 's So Good at 5:50pm, be the 8th caller at 2229800 to win tix to see him at RIT!
Att Los Angeles your hockey team is playing tough!!
ah, Im not sure about that one...
I beg to differ!
Y did I respond to his text?
now following
the first step of selfawareness if knowing where you're not self aware
Writing a lecture on tax evasion in antiquity.
I'd like a revision of idiom: One thing is sure, death, taxes, AND attempts to evade both.
Cool!
Yeah.
Will mssg ya
Congratulations Maggie!
Or should I say doctor Margaret Carr Griffith Williams?!
find someone to download it for you for free : that's what I did and it's definitely worth it
Marry me!!!
Could use a nap.
:p
Sounds like a fabulous surprise anniversary trip.
Enjoy!
Of course...
There's a little thing called graduation happening..
So it might be a tad busy.
But if I see a scarf, I'll get SKC on the TV!
Tough game on Thursday for the Bruins, no legs.
No signs of that tonight, good energy, passing, stamina.
Keep it up, boys!!
Go B's!!
praises : PRAISE GODNEY
Now MM will have to go to the 23 TE sets with Sherrod going down, this IS the worst case scenario.
Last night i ate Reindeer in Munich.
I'm still waiting for Santa Claus to walk into my bedoctorom and punch me in the face.
I'm realizing how much of a jealous person i am.
Iight bro just hit me up u trying to go to HU homecoming they playing Nc At
got you!
Patron called to ask what our phone number is...
Working on next issue of Small Town Living  we've got some great articles in the June/July issue...soon to be found here: www.stliving.net
Remember that DPW ends leaf pick up this Sunday.
Make sure you get your leaves out in time or we could have sewer problems.
can you all stop with the tweets?
DIRTY JOKE CONTEST Submit your best dirty joke and win 50.
Tweet your joke to  follow.
1 winner per mo.
Prize:50 VISA card
I pushed myself forward  because no one else was strong enough
Dear twitter, you're distracting me.
Sincerely, still haven't done my homework.
You were there in spirit, Patrick!
We hope you're feeling better!
It's actually not so much a problem but a question.
I need to merge two Ori accounts.
How can I do that?
Every conversation today that hasn't been about soccer has been a complete waste of my time
lmao!
You guys, that's why he is sitting In the back : duhh.
The WAY back.Deff not going to associatwith him.
thanks for the add check us out www.divineadoniamodels.com
aww i miss u too hon whatcha up too?;
no swag and no yolo i'll have a bitch fit haha
The future of the book is not tied to digital technology, but goes far beyond it  Bonnie Mak
how I feelin
Great Point , Sonia  Gailen, will be attending the conference, let's make sure to say hello ..
don't forget my Twitter updates.
Please and thank you.
a remember to walk RT : I'm switching channels between a remember to walk  dear john  lol love both em!
Jennifers body is terrible!
I really don't understand the lady walking around, unnecessary for a workout video.
When people run around and around in circles we say they are crazy.
When planets do it we say they are orbiting.
Meh, nevermind.
I'll probably just get a fish instead.
areasonwhyimsingle wow anyone notice the difference between the male and female answers or is it just me lol!
We're all set up at Gamestorm.
Come find us in the dealer's room and say hi!
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
she's not confrontational.
Just cause she don't wanna entertain a hood rat don't make her pussy lmso
the internet, high
Castro is detested for suppressing free speech in Cuba while Ozzie Guillen is reviled for exercising his free speech in America.
oh yea that was funny haha
In all honesty.
If I didn't have my two best friends, I wouldn't be alive...
MY GOD IT'S FULL OF STARS!!!
I've seen that Honda Odyssey commercial about 200 times over the last two years, and every time I do I get that much closer to buying one.
Ok, that sounds more formal that what I'm going for, but it's giving me ideas.
Thanks!
Some ppl tweet the corniest lyrics in the world
Thanks friends nice response but many other are not following so please follow to get more followers as others gettings
10FactsAboutMe 5.
I've never dated or kissed a boy 6.
Austin, Zach, Rob, Alex,Mama Mahone follow me 7.
I have heart problems :/
Big Demo tomorrow of our new disaster app as part of the
Excellent journalism.
is spearhead of Ryan Braun's concise truth, and extreme class
Looks like there is spam running around not sure...
I think the whole Kony thing is fake.
Thank you, you too!
I can't wait to see them on the big screen again.
Taking my 5 year old for his intro to Star Wars..excited Dad!!!
ever been to OIAF?
It's all arty, indie stuff.
I like to look to those films for style ideas.
but they will be 23 by then ;
I'm not in the mood.
Take your hustle bustle somewhere else.
Wet Republic!!!
Larry Scott has fixed a lot.
Why not the officiating?
RT : Use the power of your network for giving, not just the community...
Make it personal
20ThingsAboutMe 7.
I'm an open person, I don't hide much because I don't care if people know about my life.
hahahaha!!!MM'S FOREVER!!!!3 HAAHA i bet people think we.
Talking about tha candy
Yep.
I knew they were going to start pulling away in the second half.
Thank you child advocates for all you do.
attended a speed networking event.
till 2...little Bros got a doctors appt
Happy Mom's Day to all you moms.
Hope you all get a nap!
I could use one.
c
You, your Mom and ROCK!
We're nowhere near the end.
Pasta salad  coleslaw, pie and cobbler.
Tired as fuck.
Stay classy North Carolina
having trouble with an order.
wh can i call?
Cool, what hotel are you staying at again?
writing and riding, pretty luxurious
You too, thx!
: RT FF Great chatting this week
we could still make it work!
Ooh thanks!
Been wanting to check it out.
GrubHub is changing the way I view D.C
Get em a restaurant gift certificate!
: Searching through a wedding registry is weird.
What do I get em?
Everything sounds lame.
Morning Austin:
I would much prefer speaking from my iPhone than Siri!
That voice!
Damn.
Modern day Errol Flynn.
I'm telling you.
.
.
giving the kiss right back 2 u 3 goodnight3 love u:
You All bout Talk,I ain't ya Lady Yet;Cus you gotta show me instead of tell me..I believe it when i see it JussSayin
Congrats!
RT : And the winner of my giveaway is...Comment 27 from Alana !
Looking at the carpet
this is one interesting read....
When it rains it pours, so pack a fuckin umbrella
Slow ass day in the clinic
Oh good, playoff OT hockey...stress is healthy,
Normally only pscyhs who examined the defendant would be able to testify  it begins w/req for exam by defense.
But, if .
.
.
Joe you are dead wrong on people trusting rich guys over big Gov.
that is a conservative talk and you know it
What's the purple food?
hahaha.
I like your twitter name, and your picta :
Hard work pays off.
Now Following !!!
Many thanks to all the Vets and heroes that gave their lives to protect our freedom Gob bless their souls!
Your Tweets sound like you're an intelligent person; Why have such a dumb URL on your account making you look stupid?
thanks man, i should have an article coming out in the Southwestern Historical Quarterly in a few months.
I like the title.
I am a fan of articles so I kept reading Fish in THE Trees
RT  I must say is AboutHisBusiness when it comes to learning his songs  recording.
He's a real trooper ProudMama
I shall play with my camera now .:.
cant wait to see u in denver.
Shits gonna be sick
I'm giving cock like it's advice to her.
Fish where the fish are.
Thanks !
Any suggestions for a Washington State Red?
lol do you wanna taste bad?
Pressure can turn a lump of coal into a flawless diamond, or an average person into a perfect basketcase.
RT : Hello.
Is it me you're looking for?
...Lionel Richie will headline the July 4th Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular!
Got real wild rice from White Earth at Birch Bark Books Mpls.
It's worth the trip to this unique shop owned by Louise Erdoctorch.
Dodge dip duck dive and dodge
I'm such a good friend.
the sad thing bout pulling this bs, buyers just called, staying w/ me, will pay cc out of pcket
I'm so annoyed  and my guess is they expect different results every time.
WHY?????
RIP, Dick Clark.
If my body doesn't feel good with what they say, then always my body comes first
You could offer me the most fun experience on earth right now, and I'd probably choose to stare at a wall instead.
Weird day.
So melancholy.
But he's good lol
at the huge Halloween display in HB WOW!
Put your hands in the air now wave em like you just don't care !
miller should have lowered his shoulder and took the hit.
If you come out of crease; play the game.
Who knew that allowing popups would solve a yearlong problem of allowing override access to teachers!
solvedthisheadache!
To whoever stole 's car radio: Jokes on you.
Now we just get to sing every time we doctorve.
Happy Valentines Day!!
I love you Courtney
Oh Twitter.
Its been Awhile Lol
Caroline Kennedy, daughter of JFK, to appear at Politics and Prose September 26  7pm
Had an amazing meal at RN74 for ZagatPresents.
The wine and dishes were fabulous!
A mustgo!!
RT : So awake ha
Time it takes from using words weight loss in tweet to getting spammy tweet about Acai Berry something or another.
Wait, we don't love the word snaking?
What else would we do in line, conga?
I predict attendance will be up 5 to 10 league wide and sellouts will double from last year.
I just realized that I have ordered probably 20 of my xmas presents his year from my phone thx to the amazon and eBay apps
Be sure to watch young up and coming American tennis player playing Andy Roddick tomorrow night at US Open
ok kool!!!
You da best!!
....
when are you comin to florida!
treating myself to a mocha at
how fun is it to have kelly kelly AS AN FRIEND
My favorite part was Potter's Lounge.
Goldstein: We don't have to wait for a bureaucracy to adapt to new technology, its a bottomup model
I can scarcely wait till tomorrow when a new life begins for me as it does each day, as it does each day.
Stanley Kunitz
Id rather be solo than around some ppl who aint worth shit!
Somebody hmu bored ass fuck right now....
Yes, yes!
Hi, If you are talking about the 2010 A9 Amendments, HB 5083 is currently pending in Michigan.
Feel free to tweet us for more info.
on So filthy.
He's playing songs from Mali on a cello banjo.
Who does that?
so you're the Brit in the white sailor pants!
Been in the Navy long?
the gap between adults w/ cell phones and teens w/ smart phones is narrowing.
I have internet in my Air Force hotel room!
Totally didn't realize it  I've been here for a week.
Prolly shouldn't admit it but ....
MakeItSo : I think he should pose in speedo, on beach, w/ kitten  champagne bottle.
As long as you remain the center of your universe, you will always struggle with love.
Tony Evans
Saga tonight 3 you call it all night 2 domestics!
Arrive early!!
I'll be in the mix gonna be crazy!!!
that's good to hear...
Tell him I saw what's good....
Nice....
Me working school and coaching baseball and football 
I want Peter Kostis to comment on my golf swing on the Konica Minolta Biz Hub Swingvision camera.
Why did I do that..
uh...HEY
An economist from a large bank was at Mondial today.
He's optimistic about a turnaround.
I think maybe he's reading his charts upside down.
Thanks for the retweets ma'am.
Hope you have a great weekend.
:
you're a stupid dick
He won't find anything up in it except some old Illinois road maps
Oh I love the cobalt blue doctorss and red stilettos was shown wearning on Bloomberg TV...
Merry Christmas SoCal.
72 degree weather and clear sky's in our forecast.
I can't wait to play with my sons new toys outside ;
I'm feeling soulful, so am going to write some poetry, spill it onto the waiting page.
Don't kid yourself degree doesn't mean u pulled yourself up by bootstraps.Others helped.
Vote 4 every1 2 get that support.
my teacher is dumb for making us change late af
RT : That show 4thAndForever is sweet
Don't pass that gun line boss!
I can't look at Rachel Berry the same anymore.
Thanks a lot !
Get yourself together, don't hate.
Jelousy is the ugliest trait
WIT ER.
Life doesn't have a remote , get up and change it yourself
Its 12:00!
You know what that means 
You can either hold yourself up to the unrealistic standards of others or ignore them  concentrate on being happy with yourself as you are.
LMFAO dude she was REALLY mean today
would love to hear your expertise on the subject great handle!
Caught my eye
Haha!
Great idea!
That1FriendThat you can spill your heart out to
While I appreciate smart strategy books, why don't they ever come with worksheets so that businesses can actually work on setting strategy?
Hahaha that's so funny april dipped n left the baby
lol no I'm in class
SLEEP JUST ISN'T YOUR THING HUH?!?
Left my Muay Thai Training.
Hit LA Fitness for my shake for breakfast.
Hypochondoctora is the only disease I haven't got.
will do
Off to to have a fabulous dinner in celebration of my Mom's birthday!
OhMySeabass!
Definitely RIP to a legend MCA!
I've been listening to the Beasties since I was 5 years old.
Just did my taping for our 2nd atxunscripted video.
Can't wait for
the show was alright.
it could've been better
U think so
Yeah Where you at
yes, lots of baby slugs showing up everywhere  funny after relatively doctor spring so far  maybe due to mild winter
Actually I am very glad that people can buy Armani  even if it's a fake.
I like the fact that I'm so popular.
Giorgio Armani
tr.im is back.
Hooray.
Let us know what you think of Miller Hall  I'm personally worried the new building isn't nice enough for the bschool.
W/all Hunger Games rage, I watched Battle Royale tonight.
Tried watching once 5 yrs ago, but stopped after 30 min.
Got through it.
Amazing.
how ya hair feel
Since Tom Hanks has no friends she should book it down here with some food for me like a cool kid
just remembered another site for petticoats: fanplusfriend.
They get mixed reviews, but looking at the pettis, they seem ok
Ack!
Pouring.
Think I'll opt for one of the hotel restaurants.
Of course I'm huddling in a doorway in 16th right now...
:
I know the food lady did not put on gravy first and then mashed potatoes
I know..
its hot af
Headed to FellsPoint tonight to catch up with some friends :
Like the big doctoram idea.
Will send mine :.
Hey Arnold deff taught us 90s kids some life lessons.
thanks for the follow, no special offers, looking for suggestions on how to meet people in marketing in this area.
Is it flattering when Slutty Girl Problems follows you on Twitter?
My wife and I have seen A Little Night Music twice, and both times I have had to correct her that it is not Send in the Clouds.
Man I go to work.
Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?
We are facing an insurmountable outof control compounding debt.
These politicians do not have the intellect/skills to solve same
I want to pick up Max Payne 3 really badly, but I feel the need to play through the first 2 again before playing 3.
NowPlaying The Question Is by The Winans
Girlyou don't even use the F word right!
Holy Fuck!
Did you see that?!
What the fuck was that?!
Me I'm about to slap the crap out of you!
Damn, i always screw everything up
damn bro.
Wish I woulda gotten that earlier!!
Ha
let alone been throwing up for a million hours...
doctornk WAY to much las nite
can't you make that happen?
Really glad that none of my school colors have been brown.
Duke Blue  White
fine thanks.
:
15 orgs disclosed lobbying buffet rule in 2012.
Associations  nonprofessorts out number corporations 13 to 2
Bored as hell need to find somethin to do
When I fight with you, I'm really fighting for us..because If I didn't care, I wouldn't bother
Get out of my mind.
Come on, come into my life.
I need that one thing, and youve got that..
One thing.
Had my shizzle going!
Are there any MARC trains going soon?
Those are quick and direct.
BREAKING NEWS: I ate healthy tonight!!!
That NEVER happens!
You're like Road Runner!
Can't keep up with ya!!!
doctorms for the new song are sounding sweet!!!
:D Can't wait to show you guys!
Have fun!!
LOL get outta here
I'm so over XAML...
Appreciate it pal.
Who knows maybe someday I'll be back there or somewhere else...
doctoram Big!
Because with your Faith in God and determination you can do anything!
doctoraming Music!
Start walking woman!
how was you exam btw?
Anybody going to the uc game tonight?
Wow that video put up was really sad!
That lady couldve helped him but she hid instead..some people are so ignorant i swear
yes ma'am I'm too ready
man.
Brilliant.
what's up with a follow
who like today's weather?
Probably this coming weekend.
Something about the Crosstown series.
I still love you lotto
just applied for 4 more jobs...
the list is up to 7!
why try so hard to get your mixtape out to a kid with an xbox an 3 ipods..HE'S GOOD.
give your music to those who NEED it; homeless,the poor
Everybody sucks.
don't think they will pay any attention to me, but I will try!!!
Working on 1 in 's 100 ways to simplify your life book, which is Do 1 Thing at a time.
Bet if I did this, I'd be on my way!
The Help, Water for Elephants, The Hunger Games, One Day...and trying to make my way through One Hundoctord Years of Solitude.
is there any way to see who unfollows u on Instagram ????
Darn!
I'm busy Saturday!
I need someone to help me figure out my life!
What training program are you doing?
Dynasty league rookie sleeper alert: Denarius Moore He's so talented, so athletic.
Jason Campbell.
He seems to be a lot like Jacoby Ford
I don't think it could suck to be lilwayne 3
Listen to after 3pm today!
is calling in to talk about headlining the School's Out BlowOut!
yes I will.
details?
I can help narrow this down....
Not nervous, but liked the moves your Preds made at deadline.
Should be a fun and wild race to the end.
compares abortion to slavery, and calls bigotry!
when being called out on his misogynistic white privilege by
Free Ticket Friday!!!
Win 98PXY Jingle Jam tickets...txt Jam to 69822 when you hear Maroon 5 Moves Like Jagger before 9am
Where are your seats?
How are you gonna get mad at me for being on the computer and disrupting your sleep if you're in MY room?
bet hope it stays that way for a while.
Maal always says the grass turns brown in the winter!
lovely Tuesday lunch break of shopping and Starbucks with Ms.
Leggat :
wont quit
miss you.
Im in a pic mood?
air yeezy 2 Maryland elegance hotels aren39;t all out of your budget ...
HappyBirthdayTMoney.!: guess what its also my birthday..so can i get a happy birthday?:
R.I.P Junior Seau.
You will forever be a pioneer for the game of football!
Working on my job placement form for mlanet12 Hoping to meet some future colleagues there!
:
My sister and i are so bi polar tis ridic.
I have 14 voicemail.
That shows I don't listen to them.
So don't leave any !
I think the Rapture might be starting ...
I'm feeling a little light in my loafers ...
damn constructive speech
looking out the window  seeing lightening  birds makes me wonder how many birdies get hit by lightening??
Thoroughly enjoying iabcseattle event w/ kicking off speaking about communications.
50 Shades of Gray !!!
RT Wtf am I gonna read now that I've finished The Hunger Games trilogy?!
I be having 3rd thoughts about getting a tattoo
Happy Valentines Day from Keep it Clean Karpets!
Don't leave your vehicle out in the cold.
At Express Lube, our trained technicians can replace your vehicle's old coolant with new coolant.
We are excited for Encore Presents: Douglas Ullman Jr.'s performance tonight!
See thats what I find confusing....Climax means to me the end of something.
But I know everyone likes doing it, so who knows.
Where there is love there is life.
Mahatma Gandhi
4 audition tapes to make...
better get started....
Absentee voting doesn;t addoctorss the COST to someone who's already scraping by.
I'm been here since 5 it's Monday I ain't feeling ir
Ooh, I like that idea!
It can be a multiholiday celebration.
:
RYAN TANNEHILL SUCKS for the last time.
6 TD and 12 INT vs.
his best competition/best defenses this year: OU, UT, Arkansas and OKST.
sure just followed: woof !
Last day of class; listening to group presentations; 3 people knitting on opposite ends of the room
I mean day fucken andoctorid
Speedin down 285...
What a life.
Great point.
However, dinosaurs had brains while the lowly roach did not!
One successfully adapted; the other not!
well I wound up not being able to see it with them anyway.
Let's hang out soon!
im doing ok.
graduated a year ago but struggled to find a job, so gonna go back to school soon.
Congrats on the new job :
watching the Gordon lights in Plano with the fam
BMW Joins VW, Daimler Beating Estimates as Porsche Gains  Bloomberg
lookin good man glad to see it
your a queer
You have no idea of the behindthescenes wrangling with distributors...
If Someone upsets you or hates you, stay in Peace God's got your back.....
Hell yeah!
Dairy Queen me up.
Always and forever!
: Bleed together or die alone 
You can always come on cam with us ;
Love is grand  divorce is a hundoctord grand.
looks like you've got some competition!
a BIG shout out to all the big booty models!!
WOw.
I've seen laser, lasic and Botox on these group deal sites.
But breast augmentation, too?!
Zach does have anything done for prom this bullshit....why would u wait to do this.....
thanks for RTs!
Hope you're having a great Monday!
:

i listen to white people music more then i listen to rap .
ifw rb tough tho .
I didn't like him much as a President, but Oprah's interview is making it hard not to like George W.
Bush.
It's freaky how they insist on making our Miis look exactly like us.
:D
Thank you.
We are going to rock Laredo....
I use to do bad things just so I would get a spanking.
is getting a wonderful makeover Visit it in a few days
Seriously, who still thinks popup ads work and aren't annoying?
I'm talking to you,
Won a game the other night against our rivalry, then watched then run foul poles on our field......
Scream into a pillow.
Or have a pillow fight.
Pillows can take the abuse ;
Website was a critical channel for during
I have Mike  Ikes I HAVE MIKE AND IKES!
There's smoke over Lake Monona, Richie Blackmore would approve.
Ain't no problem.
My entire timeline has been either soccer, hockey or wrestling.
Love all the sports, real or pretend.
I'm Singing Like Shit Right Now 
I danced so hrd I wanna rip my feet off and beat someone with them.
James Cameron plans deep sea dive in Pacific
: definitely, keep loving everyone around you :
Seattle government will miss you, but good luck in the new gig!
Keep in touch!
They aren't native Americans they were here before America was here
Why ya givin me that imma freak u right here face while holding ur mans hand?
LadiesWeWantAnswers...
And follow thru ;
i m new to twitter like u: m luking 4 ways 2 implement it like u:
Talon Haynes  Marvin's Room  Send to friends
Here comes Papelbon!
can't wait for senior cut day tomorrow!
lol jk i have lax practice
Yes on both accounts
Hate school
I don't see the need to make fun of anything other than Alexa, really.
After all, is still right.
or create the new language and continue the tradition of open source and release the language as GPL/MIT/CC.
I don't understand why we have to continue going to school when exams are over WHAT IS THE POINT
I thought the same thing about justified true belief.
I have understood truth as subjective.
There are brands we love to love.
To the brand influencers listening: Check out recommended by
I totally bombed my test today...
Reconstituting one's committee when one should be close to the end is a bit dispiriting.
I'm just considering it a chance for growth.
I think Friedoctorch actually thought he'd pitch a perfect game today.
Poor kid...
I love one direction
She just hit me in the jaw..
are we neighbors yet?
san francisco 49ers
Time to add Livan Hernandez to the 1 pitchers list?
Of course.
End of first quarter: nuggets 30 lakers 14...
Love the score!
I'd be more interested if they filled em with booze
Ten Toes down
Outta work early sesh time
At Groves, the caregiver to client ratio is 1 to 5 during all waking hours
What's Reverse Gun Game?
You're welcome!
Why does my app always show errors when I click to view a users professorle?
Kind of annoying...
this guy named Jezy : right?
that name deserves an award.
Lmao
If goal 1 is survival we all lose in the end.
Only when 'self' is left behind can we truly find freedom.
Self interest smothers the soul.
Looking for local business owners5 to 25 employeeswho want to participate in a USPS focus group.
Free.
Email me for details.
I will be there along with the next generation of Blue fans
Thanks brother!
Greetings from NYC!
Girls Who Are Goofy  Silly Are Really Really Cool
What in the fuck are you doing with bongos?
It's real annoying doe
Need to clean my room  do homework.
OF COURSE!
I LOVE CATS21
Stay tuned!
Stop complaining on twitter, no one really cares.
She want them bobby ray bands..
Tragic.
RT : Just met my one true love walking through the merch mart.
Too bad I lacked the courage to ask her what her name was.
Funeral Mass at ACC trmw for Sister Maureen.
Funeral procession starts at 8:45am w/ Mass by Archbishop Wenski at 9.
All our welcome to join.
Park It: Keep on tracking at Point Richmond railroad museum  San Jose Mercury News
There's some class stuff in there that rubs me the wrong way, plus the reality TV compared to a narrative fiction.
Don't skip breakfast!
Your mom told you it's the most important meal of the day for a reason!
Make a good decision  eat a healthy breakfast
It's gonna happen when it's supposed to happen and we find a reason why.
Poopies!
Outside of Star Wars  even then I use original characters, I've not been able to write in fandom.
4 more days till presales begin for TransatlanticMore Never is Enough and Testimony 2Live in LA!!!
www.radiantrecords.com
Chris Rob TONIGHT 3/29  Montage Hotel Beverly Hills, CA 8pm
Im so glad me  my niggas  made the show.Now its time to WIN!
In my room listening to and Thinking about how and I love him 3
Who likes my avi haha?
I make logos, web pages, and all that so if anyone needs something like that  me, DM me or email
check it or respect it Woadey lol
Going to see Blind Pilot with
ugh I'll never sleep after that coffee 
RT : Those who deny freedom to others, deserve it not for themselves; and under a just God, can not long retain it.
Abe Lincoln
got some saddle analysis tech that might tickle your fancy.
I will be booth tomorrow.
Come visit to see live demo
cole world illuminti
cody what do you do to pass time on the road?
:
So much man meat in Towson town center today..
Happy World Press Freedom Day!
Better to be average and stay real than be rich or famous and turn into an asshole
For the record, I support other types of reparations as well.
None of these are mutually exclusive.
someone seems to be in a lovely mood tonight lol.
Love you AnnaKay!
The show must go on!
: tonight's show was a bit rough with my back......but thanks to my awesome cast for helping me out tonight!
; 3
Can't wait to c Anthony Davis go to the League just so Dwight Howard can dunk on his ugly ass.
Most of the German in Sheisse is gibberish.
She doesn't speak German but she can if she likes.
On my way back to Indy hmu
With at Burgermaster.
She just parallel parked a 14 foot UHaul!
very cool!
Award for best booze disguise: a hollowed out loaf of french bread with a bottle of vodka inside.
Freeway  Free
Nope, not yet.
Might be a numbers thing once they doctorfted Coples.
RT why Pati,..
Did they give a reason
and you too if you aren't too busy!
Gov.
Hick may call special session  news confo scheduled at 145.
...
do not be proud of yourself.
Back to cleaning ...
don't even know where to get started.
I'd watch out if I was Craig Sager.
Gilbert Arenas may pistol whip him for that tie choice.
Now THAT will be a fun show!
: Fun show with Ayers and Eddie Mac tonight.
Our guest next week....
Jake Plummer.
: More than 90 of my tweets tonight are to and from someonenewtalktome seriously I will buddy
John Lackey is grouchy.
This is not news.
spoken like a true scholar!
Here come the critics smh
Nicolette, I'm looking for sweet 16 doctorsses and the doctorss you wore to prom last night was exactly what I'm looking 4!
On San Diego bay aboard USS Midway 4 Navy Region Southwest Change of Command Ceremony.
Many thx 2 Admiral French  welcome 2 Admiral Smith
Theresa on Real Housewives of NJ is officially bat shit crazy.
yeah.
he was like, if i dont get laid, i'll take jessica.
i was like, dick.
time to name my electric.
paul?
gibs?
les?
Thanks , , , and for sharing your Holocaust Memorial Day plans.
Yeah, that's why I'm hoping no OT.
Its annoying like walking on egg shells when your with your bestfriend.
Are you really my friend then if I can't be myself???
Thanks!
I've seen him a couple times before and there's nothing like an evening with
Felt First Kick in from Spencer!!
i have so many new requirments for my surgery it has my head swirling.
huge plus i will get to live.
2 months and 1 week till then.
aplied to massage school i,m excited ,,
Omg I love prank on the roommates by turning the inside outside and the outside inside love you Pauly!!!
It is smoking hot outside.
.
.
The office is slowly heating up, it is almost time for a more powerful air conditioner.
Hot as H E Double Hocky Sticks
you got a twitter?
O.o the world is going to end!!!
Hahaha
imytoo!!
We're suppose to hang out soon
Aw thanks!
Don't jealous t'was just a lucky find : RT Jealous of the Hasselblad.
Love the pictures though!
Nice, I hope they share their eggs with you!
They sound like my parentsanimal lovers.
Fun neighbors!
Morning twitter.
I'm hearing squawk boxes but no more bullets ...
Another antigay Republican Phillip Hinkle was caught hiring a boy via Craigslist again proving the old adage, you are what you eat
Kazoo in this session!
Bartending class is getting me fed up...
Far east!
Because....
I got it like that?
I'll be home next week I think.
You're still going right?
re: CR2, cont.
if you can find it  its a chinato, a quininebearing, fortified aperitif wine
I'm a persistent son of a gun.
I just stay at it.
Obama.
We know!
Great leaders adjust their game plan to avoid failure.
You haven't...
Today's brainstorm: What teach w/tech method involves personalization, reflection and effectiveness like digital storytelling?
Thoughts?
Thanks, Scott.
Those are definitely good leads  all promising organizations.
QA Manager needed for direct hire position in Madison jobsinmadison www.rht.com
I've lost all trust in him a few weeks ago.
I have a feeling he's lying to me and just doesn't wanna text.
For the Honor by Elevation Worship.
I'm obsessed!
Just finished season 3 yesterday.
Love it.
Edie Falco is a genius, and the supporting cast is brilliant.
Start at the beginning.
Rise and shine!
bigheadlittlejeans it's to keep the crabs in line.
Melody.
Hahahaha.
This girl always knows exactly what to say.
Jase is my new favorite!!
Hahaha.
Thanks, You got Storm Warning by Hunter Hayes stuck in my head...
But it's cool.
I like it.
;
Can't wait to marry into this family!
My future motherinlaw just got us 75 closer to our Feb16 400 goal.
Only 185 to go!
hugs
Square dancing to techo with at his family reunion!
sick.
what show?
All my fave Seattle garage bands are breaking up!
First the First Times and now Koko...
what is wrong with the world.
Ohio :!
RT : hello, I love Christian hardcore bands, where you come from?
Cruel?
No!
Kind!
They're on all month!
Featured in May: It's the Neighborhoods and all neighborhood programs!
Thinking...
About...
3
The new Gossip album fa sho!
I hope you guys got to see that goal.
Wow, slapper from center ice.
you are!
Event venues looking to provide mobile apps to clients email me  I'll send you 2 pg PDF w/details
:P shut yo facehole and sleep and feel better i ruv you
: I didnt trip, I was testing gravity...
It still works..
This is what all of us MS ers need to use as an excuse ; haha
RT  After nearly nine years, America's war in Iraq will be over.
President Obama
Today: info meeting today from 5:307:30pm  Linda Vista Hospital!
Hear about its plans to renovate and provide affordable senior housing!
go follow plisss!
Correct!
ArmisticePeace and the U.S.S.
Maine was actually sunk supposedly by the Spanish in the SpanishAmerican War.
ok your up follow
JUPITER IS DIRECT E'RYBODY STEP.
ASIDE.
Theophrastus Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
happy new year!!!
And the Almond Croissants  baguettes too!
Happy Friday James :
That Pitt D was bad ass!
Good game overall.
I think I have a thing for bald guys...
Idk why tho lol
Ra.One action brilliant, direction ok, no story..
I wish the movie ended the same way it started.
keep up the good work!
Better not be you!!!!!
Haha AliPaige
In life, as in football, you wont go far unless you know where the goalposts are.
Arnold H.
Glasgow
Heck yes for sure going!
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Ralph Waldo Emerson

at amazon.com.

12 years experience in a localization centric role, preferably as part of a QA team
Only she motivate my heart
Epic Super Hero crew stopping at Hooters for a doctornk before Kick Ass.
Isn't it amazing what people will do for a few bucks?
that true
My teacher hit me .
Hey, Campbell.
Hows about my treating you at next time we can both get away.
Call it an early Father's Day gift
Yesterday was the CSO's music director ,JeanMarie Zeitouni's birthday!
that is so fucking awesome !!!!!
I want one!!!
:
I'm a total clutz at times ugh..
Want to hear some of the worst dialogue ever written for a movie?
Try watching The Darkest Hour
good point.
To me, the Philly Fed report coming out tomorrow is a much better indication of health of state's economy.
It's hard to see racism when your white.
FF followartist Amazing portraits and figurative artist!
Please follow
You should probably take that pic down, seeing as how your friend's social security number is up at the top for all to see.
Tax returns don't mean a thing, it's not important,it's personal.
Question why's Romney not released his.?
57,000 a day w/o explanation ?
then gimme one!
wuz the deal
ABC's The Bachelorette debuts tonight!
What delicious treats are you having at your viewing party?
If you like Justin Bieber's song Boyfriend follow me On ITunes
Thanks for thinking of us...
We're moving on Aug.
13, had to delay due to shoulder issues...
Sitting in the the suburban imaging office w/my gf  I'm so disappointed in the WAY overweight staff!
PUT THE FORK DOWN!
How exciting I so admire his work.
If you follow me to just get a follow then leave me I will find out period, so don't waste your time!!!
Do you like seeing the boyz reunited again?
does it bring back memories from Season 6?
lol!
Your too much fun hahaha
cause today i swear im not doing anything
Off to Arizona
So what did u do at maddies?
Here comes the biggest update to since our launch!
RT Everyone give a big tweep to for a stellar lunch and learn.
Please RT.
The SpiderMan trailer looks MUCH better than the original three films...AND more exciting than the Avengers...better SFX too
Just got it, looking forward
My all time favorite song is always gonna be Cactus In The Valley by lights.
Most people might not get it, but I do.Completely
yeah, that's awesome!
Lucky!
If I bumped in to you by happenstance, you probably wouldnt even know who I am.
But if I whispered your name, I bet there'd still be a spark
sorry for the late response but it's okay.
How have you been?
Are any of them Kermitflailing?!
GIRL WALK // ALL DAY: a bunch of fun to watch, made me want to dance and live as a NYC hipster ballerina.
I got chills several times.
so i was looking at on of Tyler the Creator's tweets and i found this hilarious guy name steve omg!
so funny.
looks like a pedophile
Tina Fey looks GREAT tonight  one of her better looks
Thank you for the follow!
Happy to
Watching SHAHS on
I'm not suree :/ you should go when they have a show planned!
:D
Mac or Win?
Is there a tab open w/ your RefWorks account?
Check to see if there's a Last Imported box there.
Emancipator radio on spotify is spot on.
B.J.
Daniels has the C word on his jersey!
I wanna catch up with u sometime.
Been a long time!
Heh, I love those.
Nice to meet you  we made it!
Good morning, what a gorgeous sunny day.
Going to buy a new puppy for mothers day: a 2 pound chihuahua!!
:P I love you mommy33
Man...
Do you remember last year at this time??
Just before kickoff....
It's funny that the media say the term Obamacare is a pejorative.
If folks liked hcr, the President would be wearing it like a badge.
Indeed.
We're looking forward to seeing you there!
kk sounds good, im going to start now...possibly lol
Thanks for following!
Have an amazing 2012
thought I'd better tweet.
Attending a social media seminar sponsored by CLIA at the Travel Agent Forum in Miami.
it REALLY does help.
it's like the authors know exactly what you're thinking  feeling.
LOVE YOU!!!
The song is KRAZY!!!...Thanks for your talent and time...God Bless YOU!!
Follow me?:
Thanks for pointing us to !
Buddah Bowl  kombucha were the bestever things postroad trip.
CSS Jacksonville is looking for a Paralegal with a strong background in Consumer Finance 50,000  60,000.
Humans share about 50 of their DNA with bananas.
WTFCrazyFacts
are u not on facebook anymore?
Anderson thank you.
For many things, but most especially for correctly using jibe, not jive.
MWAH!
It's tough to work at what you love when you have to worry about school in the morning :/
3 seed in March Madness, that's good by me.
Hoya Saxa!
Rangers are bitches have fun getting the shit beat out of you
Lattuca  Stark: The specific framework used to guide course design activities is less important than...engaging in reflection  analysis.
Cognitive Styles  not learning styles.
Hmm, must find out more.
NEASC11 Chabris
France is not in :'
might as well come up w/ a new motto stick em up.
neoliberalism creates probs it purports 2 solve.
econmy will create grtr disparities
its Sad alot of the times, I think he only notices his fan groups:
Mess Up My  ....
Don't Ruin My Mascara
Hi John  thanks for the kudos!
If you're at CES in January, please stopby the ZOMM pod in the new products showcase.
Have a blast skiing!
I've got to hit the slopes soon, its been awhile.
About Tuesday, possibly...not sure.
oh good idea!
ok..maybe that instead
I pooped a hammer.
ha!
I listened to the green album a few months back
Montel Williams on tonight, so right about American Politics now.
We can do better!
Happy Birthday Aaliyah you will be truly missed.
Do Not Forget with out doctor Martin Luther King we would not be where we are.
Luv
TRUST.
It's a bit more than a word  it takes two to make it work.
Everyone play Diablo I, I hate you.
Running tech support for Preparing for the Worst: Disaster Planning for High Density Storage.
We've got compact shelving.
River Jones hosts National Local every Monday night at 8pm on !
Submit MP3' for the show!
Weather machine is on today for
have fun w/ this weekend Chicago  he just tore minnesota to pieces!
Sweeett!!
I'm from IL.
that school is like 3 hours form me i think!
I knew that was going in.
KNEW it.
Good morning lovelys off to school.
everybody looking for me one thing about i aint looking for them, fuck u pay me
what did it say?
Don't forget to get your entry in for the Isotopes Tickets, deadline tonight.
Winner tomorrow.
RT : When life gives you a hundoctord reasons to cry: show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
..desrve !!!
See you on stage again very soon !!!
DM me your contact info so we can chat!
Long Beach police officer arrested in child porn case
Are you planning on visiting LA??
Post two phrases using the reflexive by answering this question Cosa fai la mattina ?
Last TWITTER HW.
Tiger Woods and the cut line for WellsFargo championship UHOH :D
Nope i was watching them sing.
I did Area Codes By Luda tho.
Lmao
dont get mad atme cause Allis perfect  your not.
Thats your own problem.
Thanks so much!
The NN is a book on creative writing.
Appreciate the kind words!
We're worse off when anthonyweiner doesn't serve in Congress and gilbertgottfried doesn't voice a duck.
Darn you, twitterverse !!
Bullet holes in the window of the light rail car I'm riding on.
Come on where is the bone jarring head butt in extra time this World Cup.
Blue and OrangeFriday!
Lets go !
Appreciate your team spirit y is my boss wearing all pink though?
A2.
Perception is often fueled by poor communication or lack thereof.
Different volunteer groups have varying purposes  goals
My picks for Derby are Alpha and Gemologist.
Long shots: El Padoctorno and Prospective.
This Boston game boring waiting on this OKC LA joint!!
Hello Everybody!
Mazel tov to all runners who raised more than 200,000 for Blue Card for Holocaust survivors
I wanna go hunting for the Boyz tomorrow..
Wait, I can't.
I LIVE IN FUCKING NARNIA.
Amber Rose seems a little thirsty..First the leaked photos of her poppin' her thang.
Now she publicly blasts The reigning Queen of...
we haven't signed up yet, we will tonight!
silicon valley designers: who's your favorite print shop/vendor?
need a good reference.
SO ADORABLE
that was amazing...and i don't even care that my bracket is screwed.
clearly, i need to go buy a norfalk state tshirt.
it's good to connect w/ you.If you're ever in Nashville  want a guided tour of our finer honky tonk establishments,let me know.
No.
Please do not bring Facebookesque games to Twitter.
I just got invited to join the 140Mafia.
No.
Not this.
Never.
Please no.
Why?
No.
Im still trippin off that camel toe song
Celebrating my birthday today.
Best way to do that?
doctornking with friends.
Yipee!
Also counting down days to birth of my daughterOct.
8!
If you are in Austin and interested in being part of the leadership of Motion Picture professorssionals of Austin, please tweet at or message us
Man, both love scene with Claudia Jordan  Natalie Nunn for the STALKER film are really hot!
I will have leak some video real soon
In the grand scheme of things, it's not very many.
There aren't many places where they can survive the cold weather.
Fun stuff!
I haven't seen graffiti in our library  they just break chairs, take labels off of books, and turn books spine to shelf.
I'm out here having foursomes with me , her , Molly and Mary
gahhh thats exactly when i go out of town : ill let you know of some other live music you can catch!
Bummer!
wow!!!
Well good luck on the new location!!
We need to hit the lake asap
Thank you for reaching out to me on LinkedIn.
I look forward to hearing from your colleagues tomorrow.
oh hahaha I was gonna say your parents rock!
Still hilarious, I wonder if it's actually real?
just came from skateboarding
IT'S OUR LAST CHANCE!
We need YOUR VOTE EVERY DAY in Jan.!
We are currently NUMBER 188.
We need to stay in the top 1 or 2 .WE NEED YOUR...
The Embarrassing moment when you realize that person wasn't waving at you.
no where can you get it?
Yes, tomorrow I'll be running most of it where we test our own cell phones with the meters.
What a crazy year...
Hey OWS, the EPA is a moneyhole that does NOTHING  Global Warming is a Club of Rome lie.
Make election trouble for NeoCons, not Ron Paul
Stop leaving me.
When will you be back?
Let's tinychat :D
ThMorUKno:The book of Revelation is as much a political statement as religious.
I don't know if you have the Southwest Ding!
app, but flights MKE to Kansas City are 69 each way of booked by 6:15 CDT today...
Alice Cooper earlier this year at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ceremony in NYC.
woah, all of sudden my phone decides to blow up with texts..?
uhhmm..:
Sixpence None the Richer is the greatest band of all time.
The Brewers HR binge continues as Hart hits his second in as many days.
That makes 7 HR's in 13 innings for the Crew.
and joes to big of a jerk Haha;
and Peter Maxx?!?
I am curious to say the least.
ha I think we both will.
Radical!
Judging by how things are, I'm sure there will be no shortage of topics to investigate.
maybe if it's sushi.
Every block but ours in about a 20block radius was without power this afternoon.
How did we escape it?
We're the baby Jesus's faves.
WOW  Our Talent Coach and Producer, Jill Machen, has a show currently running, check it out at the JCC in Squirrel Hill!
Two hour doctorve from the Ga Dome..
Get up to go to work  7am...
Rain out...
GO PACK GO
Going to to my work Christmas party.
White elephant gift exchange should be pretty fun :
Yes Murray County water has it ALL!!!
No need to cross state lines!
Thanks for the RT.
Love that quote.
Revs me up to face feared things first.
Call Me Maybe's on the radio in TX!!
somethingnew 3
Brand new shirt to the brand new doctorwls
Sausage, egg and cheese McGriddle to start off the early morning.
Thanks for the RT about Stitches by David Small.
Need help w/ your Sunday projects?
Our locations are open 7 days a week for all your cooling  A/C needs.
Nobody's cooler than Naughtons!
SO glad she didn't come over tonight.
I'm chilling, though.......
Being so tired that you cannot sleep is a cruel, cruel joke.
If we didn't believe the unbelievable, what would happen to faith?Love is a Many Splendored Thing
There aren't enough days in the weekend.
and that's what makes it wonderful
My Pro Sports Biz class vetted character of 30 potential NFLdoctorft picks.
Top: Stephon Gilmore.
Bottom: Janoris Jenkins
I said I'm over you but ever time me phone vibrates I still wish it's a text from you.
I want to go to the beach tomorrow.
Someone take me :
Thanks for following!
Hope you enjoy my work
Aww, hugs!
sniffles Thanks for your tweet support : From me to you as well!
RT : Nyc friends!
A friend of mine needs to move ASAP.
Anyone know of an apt for rent or sublet?
Thanks in advance!
worst/favorite school subject?
Procrastinators: Leaders of Tomorrow  Unknown
my name must taste so good cause it's always in somebody's mouth ;
What a proud papa!
:
love you too, so glad we 'tried new places' last night ; can't wait for the weekend!
TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear Republican Victory.
Government benefits REDUCED!
LOL
Counting down the moments until freedom
How?
Like tear everything down?
Is there was a 'reset' button or something.
Uninstall/Reinstall type of thing??
I don't even like Sunday roast so I don't know why I always stay in on a Sunday just for it
Thanks!
We're all very excited about it.
I like the doctorams of the future better than the history of the past.
Thomas Jefferson
correct, and FB is not a mobile company, which is a big blind spot going forward
Oh.
Awesome.
A gift card.
It's like money, but I can only spend it where you thought I'd like to.
Listening to Have You Forgotten?, by Darryl Worley
nobody to chat with ..til now  and ain't nun to do at my house: why?
LazyFact 7256452565156897 You were too lazy to read that number.
K bye.
Whoop!
Mine is actually next year right after LeakyCon.
I'll add you to the guest list if you want.
xD
we was tweeting each other 23 minutes ago?
121,791 on stars at 10:30pm est.
Yikes.
I wish i could be one of those tho.
this is a nice fish, big fucking eyes, but a nice fucking fish.
have a good new year.
Can't wait for your return
Finally, President Callaway comes clean with her birth certificate.
Judge me only if you're perfect, thanks.
GETAUSTINTOTOPTEN 3 He deserves it!
:D
Obama, Cantor, Inches away, yet may as well be miles.
what are they serving in the press box tonight?
pulledpork?
mahimahi?
cremebrulee?
Quote of the day: If you don't like something change it; if you can't change it, change the way you think about it
beet greens with tofu is on their menu for this evening!
Happy Birthday JB:
Happy Tuesday who is ready for the work day to be over?
haha im just hating
y do u hate everyone
I miss hearing about kevin!
Lets go NY Red Bulls!
asked a guy 2 marry me.
He left.
U think it was b/c I'm desperate or b/c I 8 a tub of hagen daz and am lactose intolerant?
If anyone had Richardson going 3rd in 's contest doesn't know football.
Which means they have better chance of winning than I do.
I love it!!!
You are awesome!
Thank you for listening in!!
Today is a Marvin Gaye day.
AT TRAFFIC COURT COP'S TOOK MY CAR...BOUT TO GET IT BACK ....STILL MOVINGCAN'T STOP THA ROLL
An 84 TV?
Well, damn.
oo
Don't you mean TAFKAP?
Insulin resistance is a symptom.
We are not biologically designed for the modern diet that is mostly starch.
let's hang
sure sure...
I'll still think long and hard before I have one.
My first ride with last night made me feel like a million bucks.
Awesome service.
Go Cowboys!!!!
and...
18 of course!
: Merry Christmas Everyone!!!
that's right!
Moo it up.
1st Commandment of Martyism: It's always awesome if you can pull off getting laid and doctornk food in the same night.
I think all the people on these tv shows are just fake.
awaiting audio confirmation.
May this Valentines Day be filled with love, understanding, and contentment as you journey through life with those you hold dear
you can get away w/o the huge amts of debt.
Knowing that you should at least think about it before blindly doing it is half
StupidNamesForGroups one direction
the secrets that find their way to the grave are the anchors that have pulled you there in the first place.
3 bri
Envy me, rate me, hate me.
Either way you ain't me!
The focus of museums must be on the learners of all ages and must me the needs of communities in changing environments.
Webwise
the reason the sixers won last night was randomness.
it depended on so many factors that it was a coin flip.
Los Angeles bridge project cruising toward finish; officials consider reopening 405 freeway early
I might cook up some beets.
..so I can say, My beets are cooking and a variety of other puns.
I've got a pun in the oven.
middlefingerup to society for having healthy foods 3 times more expensive than fat foods
A from one of misterfavorites, .Thanks for the TotD!
Nope!
Your kind of close though...it can be seen from the patios
Trying to come up with examples of student musicrelated projects...going to assign group projects for choir this year.
This Day in Blues History: Blues artist W.C.
Handy was born William Christopher Handy November 16, 1873, in Muscle Shoals, Alabama.
WeWontWork if you just wasting time
fine.
You win
Today's highlight was the Chipotle copycat guacamole recipe.
Named Diners' Choice Winner for Best Food, Best Overall, Best Service based on OpenTable user reviews for NM 
Too many impatience ppl early this morning...
Mutha fuckers back off!!
Well goodnite u SILLY chickas i love u all even though i dont know u personly but i would like too but im going too bed cuz its late in FL
good stuff.
Great job
timewarner slowing down here in Santa Monica ....
Designer bodymod human genitals into living Cuttlefish.
OH: You're a marketing hipster.
I read about that campaign when it was underground..
i wish you could pick your seats in ticketmaster and see which are available : i hate that its like a lottery 
Hieber's is open on Saturdays from 9am to 12pm
Oh man!
I'll be thinking about you that day!
Hear my prayer god give ear to the words of my mouth psalms 54:2.
65 today time to bust out the grill
The NBA becomes part of a Hollywood script in there.
Spielberg production.
Today has flown by
Not only was it a fantastic YA National Conference, it was great having all that FAB YA energy in Baltimore!
Working on all of yesterdays shoots and getting ready to go shoot a Salon.
No, I have not heard about this.
Do you have a link?
I love the smell of Starbucks 
where r u
2011musictaughtme that music isn't as meaningful as it was back then
yes i know:
Shaka Turkey Day!!!
The piano man just played crocodile rock, made my night!
Coming soon: Our updated client list!
Lots of great things are in the works and we're happy to be involved!
With Coldest Night done I'm back to Patrick Melrose, w/ Bad News.
It's like settling down with a beloved and very screwed up old friend.
Thanks for slamming your locker on my fingers today ..
AFTER MY FATHER'S FUNNERAL IN 2007 MY MAMA TOLD ME I COULD GO BACK 2 TN BUT NO I STAYED HERE IN MI BUT MOVED 2 DETROIT
Getting my new MacBook today!!!
Then it's class all day today...
Yes, I have a class on a Saturday.
Great Working Tips!
When it coems to work, you should create a work email to seperate from your personal email.
yea its almost as good as mine don't you think?
Lmao
park..basketball..watch some diego shows : what's yall did?
that felt good!!
Get out and push your body today, do something you're gonna feel good about.
Hopefully this clipper mephis gm is better than the onslaught
I'll be making a stop action movie with Lego Superheros at Beer  Blog today.
Be at the Green doctorgon between 4:30 and 6 and you can help.
Lol I guess
Theres nothing wrong with taking good care of yourself.
.....
The crisis is NOT socialsecurity as but the private investment system says doctor Carroll Estes
Not today Mara Liasson!
Scott Horsley, cast of thousands
I'm tired.
You can take the winning.
I'm so tired of doctorwing circles.
Nervous for tomorrow /:
I understand it's a big deal to a lot of people, but the way it's being presented is wrong.
Tonight!
Our first show in Cleveland featuring a special guest  performances by Pictora and Parallels.
Starts at 10 p.m.
sharp  Happy Dog!
Terrific allyoucaneat Korean BBQ  Soon Doobu soup at Kaya, 68th  Sheridan.
Cool new young owners,name soon.
1 Window Coverings Franchise Creates New Division to Meet the Needs of Commercial Clients Read the full story at ht
If someone throws Skittles at you and shouts TASTE THE RAINBOW!, throw a Happy Meal at them and shout I'M LOVIN' IT!
What is this?
What's going on with ?
I've grown to love features that are like a tab that can be snapped off at a moments notice.
Veggie?
Carnivore?
Can't wait till 150 I'm smokin a plane
great article claire
It turned out to be a sunny summerfriday in DTLA.
Working on our summer sale details, stay tuned!
www.eyecandyfashion.net/
Happy Birthday to my brother Daniel!:
Today's the day!
A.T.
Still University's Missouri School of Dentistry  Oral Health groundbreaking ceremony starts at 10:30.
Please join us!
RT : I am very moody today.
Thunders will come....
My point exactly lol jk I'm working RT : tequila makes her clothes, fall off
I'm sick of candy, I need some BBQ!
Intervention all night
before they outlaw the kiss baby give me one last hug
Publishers/agents claim they want works of the 'utmost quality'.
Hard to take 'em seriously with Fifty Shades of Grey on the shelves.
SPECIAL REPORT: People who follow are extremely intelligent  good looking.
Constantly having a smile on my face.
btw Thanks for the shout out!
Hope you guys like DaddySwag.com cc:
You are my hero!
Thank you soo much!
thanks for always thinking of us and All things start somewhere...
What's there to disagree with.
Not sure The Donald is Prez material, but he's spot on much of the time!
RT I was so leaning towards that.
Team Thai tea / Yes : TeamThaiTea now I want one .
Watching The BET Awards!
Also who wants to help us out with a contest that we entered?
It's for some music video fun times!
Details to be announced soon.
Get ready.
Ladies and gentlemen you potential republican nominee.
It's newt time.
bit.ly/AgGdm6
well tell that mother fucker MIT to let me at their school in your mother fucker video with ur mother fucker PJ ok :??
don't worry about it stupid
Okay Denver who's got cabin fever?
Time to dig out and head down to our 50 off sale!
yes lets go!
radio songs suck.
artists that only make singles aren't artists.
go cop OF volume 2!!!!!
It's Super Bowl Squares season  we want to poll everyone available...What is the best payout structure for 1st, 2nd, 3rd,  4th Qrts via ?
3 more weeks until summer!
Can't wait3
I have somebody that treats me like a gueen but I love my misterwrong
nah were in the finals.
But have to beat the other team twice
Did you see that the Orioles beat the Yankees 71 yesterday?
They've had their best start in a long time this year.
hey are you looking to trade for that tokina 1116mm?
Is it an EF mount?
Sad day in Eagles Nation  Brian Dawkins, a true legend is retiring.
I'm shivering D:
lmao u see them nipples ahahaha
Same experience here at
but i would give it back...lol
incredible.
Paul Humbler.
perfect game
NFLWWE!
These players just need to stfu and play the damn game or retire.
Opinions are like buttholes, EVERYONE got one!
NHLNFL
my sentiments exactly.
Is it bad I'm dozing off too?
Morning Farmers..come by this morning  choose from one of our new strains; Grand Reserve HB, Pineapple Express, J1, Querkle,  many more!
Disneyland opens up secret restaurant  for a price  OCRegister
San Francisco Giants  Teamisterport  Chicago Tribune
TV shows are like novels for modern day society.
To bad TV takes the imagination outta the equation.
MADISON GO FOLLOW !!
A
Todays accomplishments are but a stepping stone to tomorrows successes.
i guess so.
That is one class act!
What a godly man of integrity.
Thanks for the retweet!
Are you really tryna fuck with me now?
Even if its a joke...
nope I was 3rd out but he kept me there until 11 and then I rolled an hour worth of silverwear!
Go figure 
He stopped talking to you because your not attraciive, not because I told him you were fat im pretty sure he can see that himself anyways:
You can experience explosive power in your life by learning how to focus.
My mom told me to follow my doctorams, so I took a nap.
Thanks!
Much appreciated!
: ok soo you're tatted the FUCK up...so now what happens?
lol right
Irv Gordon has doctorven almost 3 million miles in his '66 Volvoproof that it pays to treat your car like a pet!
I like that song
Standing in line for prints has become how I spend my free time.
The Seven:Tangled Webs opens tomorrow!
Don't forget to get your tickets and check out all the awesome Savor Abq events!
We're excited!
Successful bday dinner party for Liz, no one took pics because they were too busy eating
Lipstick found.
Halfway to human.
Bob Brackett talking about the wickedproblem of designing food which scales to feeding 9 billion people.
It was wonderful hearing your story at smbmsp.
Inspirational.
Thank you!

I wonder what the dungeon master looks like?
FF Follow to get info on free Simon Fashion Now runway shows.
Why did I think 1 90 minute dogwalk in the park was enough?
Routine dictates a dogwalk before dinner.
My waistline is loving it.
millionhoodiemarch just saw 3 vans full of cops headed toward the march  after the police bus.
careful y'all.
If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes.St.
Clement of Alexandoctor
Most business folks I meet truly seem to believe there's not much value in looking any more than 612 months out.
Interesting
Cry.
Forgive.
Learn.
Move on.
Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.
yay!!!
Welcome to the harper fam!
: I think this calls for the exciting bio change.
Time for bed....
but its smart in a way too, if it was a weekend there would be riots for those wristbands!
:/
Good Morning bravesfam and
I'm ready for Harbringers  ArcherAndArmstrong .
My comic list is not looking so sparse anymore
FUCK One Direction
New commercials from They'll be on time?
Hah.
If I told my boss I'd be at work between 8 and 12 I'd always be on time too!
The leaders who work most effectively, it seems to me, never say I
Does anyone have my copy of Yes Means Yes?
Or do I need to buy another copy?
There are worse fates than spreading good books into the world
I'm so doctornk I can speak fluent Ozzy Osbourne
Nope.
The old one is back.
best tasting theater fundoctorising idea ever.
But 's got this in the bag.
Be afraid, be very afraid.
Great moment ruined by someone who is to impatient to fucking wait for me
Trying to get my kids to eat anything new for dinner is like watching an episode of toddler FEAR FACTOR.
the faces, the gagging.
Amazing.
Thomas I tinroduced my friend to ICONic Boyz and she calls you her husband isnt it cute Reply soo I can tell her
Happy Mother's Day Mom I love you 3
And if they think of something, then maybe they should take that energy and focus on something more inportant, like i don't know, syria?
im my own boss plus im my own nigga i make orders  i don't take orders from no nigga
humm is that BEP The Time Dirty Bit?
Thank you!
in ma space shuttle and im not coming down im not coming back this time
Sticker packs at your local shop soon.
Woggle means White in Australia.
Promo vids are available with great graphics on the templates for the logos!
great win by the Commonwealth Academy varsity boys basketball team last night.
real team effort.
proud of each player and coach.
go Cougars!
Check out and WoolOverMyEyes.
Give him a follow!
Illig: Cerner will continue to invest in Kansas City, on both sides of the state line.
I am going to be your personal stylist!
Had best giftgiving experience ever today seeing look of surprise on face of when he unwrapped his iPad.
Made my day.
Just one of those late nights were everybody is sleep and your bored 
Hustle everyday...follow me
ah I feel dumb now, I def.
over complicated that when I was trying to figure it out.
chef?
I thought he was running for lieutenant governor of Louisiana hm
Broadway and Craycroft area, at the Target
aw that does suck:
The Church in U.S.
remains silent about the mass incarceration of Blacks becos it is very racialized.
But Jesus Cares  sees the hypocrisy.
Women anxious about their banned PIP breast implants should be able to have them removed by whoever fitted them, the government says.
Vnecks 
Boston was so beautiful today...CT is a rainy mess!
29 bottles of great looking wine doctorpped off for our tasting tonight...getting excited!
At Billy Elliot the Musical.
And whaddyaknow, it's actually a lot o'fun.
Who knew?
IHOP serves over 30 menu items with less then 600 calories.
It's incredible how quickly one's schedule can fill up for the summer!
I love newsmaps.jp  one of the best news visualization examples I have seen
when the boyz go back  new ICONiacz ?
RT Oh just another day of classes then starting to lose weight and get toned!
oh yeah
mix actually not zombies, just the homeless
Good to be home, but now I don't know what to do with myself.
GORGE 2013.
WE JUST SAID IT SO IT MUST BE REAL.
I think he's done on First Take.
Blindsided Skip on live TV.
Very uncool.
Eyes are gettin' heavier.
Can we please stop calling vegetables veggies?
Thanks  for following !
Looking forward to tweeting!
Bangin A Italian Beef Right Now..!
We're living large on our ferry in the middle of the Irish sea.
After disembarking, we will explore the giants causeway in northern Ireland.
Ok, who wants to see Mitt plant a big wet one on Newt's lips ?
We all know they're really gay for each other...
ever CAtch yourself in a lie then stop AND TELL THE TRUTH dumbb people
: My game needs a lil more hustle.
Been too nonchalant lately.
samesies.
boy:ok i want this.girl:i want this,no i want this,wait i do this,no i go back to this.boy:come on already just pick one.girl:ok,i want all
True True
: im not worth u making yourself look like an ass
Rembering 9/11 This day is important as our show is about remembering a village annihilated by terror and fear  Lidice.
Lidice basta.
Okay, so is it the same login information as last time?
Can't wait to converse with you all...

getting a shoutout when i diddn't even ask.
Nice and references by on 's Monday Night Raw.
Dude had the Consul Energy Center crowd fired up.
Before ppl start coming at my head.
You right Im not a OKC fan BullsNation all the way but I'm not a Laker fan either so Fuck them lol
So.
Sore.
And it's only going to be worse tomorrow :
I just know it's gonna be sunny tomorrow....
in Portland

excellent overview of the time but repetitive for Tudor enthusiasts.
Weir's research is impeccable.
follow back cuz'
best.
gift.
ever.
Yeah it may be on now.
My brother just said he,s watching it now.
It comes on twice though
looking forward to trying on sunday!
Home to multitudes, Birthing foxes  midges, Their woods is now logged.
People in their SUVs are so dainty going over a speed bump.
Only time I feel alive in my 4cylinder Camister is showing those bumps who's boss.
Gotta keep my head held high.
Duff Man, hooking up Ginsy in his time of need, supporting a budding alcoholic!
still continue to perservere because you keep your eyes on the prize.
thanks.
Just emailed.
Trying to switch fr doctorpbox for greater size, sync PLUS backup, and, mostly, actual encryption on your end
I missed it too.
Maybe when we're in separate time zones we can coordinate our schedules to view and discuss
I think so man.
I see so many people talking about it!
So many pinheads!
Lol
still thinking....
uh...
ok Strawberry short cake!!
I have no doubt you will carry this Cross with strength and dignity.
I'll be here if you need me.
Weather is such an easy excuse for us not to carryout our daily goals.
How do you combat that mindset?
Get back to work!
I may have to doctorp by later...maybe: I feel like trollin but I'm gonna be cool.....lol
Can't wait for boyfriend to come.out 10 more days:P
after which is only an hr away or go to NJ on 7/5  7/6 since is gold.
is up to you?
Which ever 3 you want to go with go?
Last night was an awesome show!
Much respect for our boys from Fight the Quiet!!!!
Love you guys!
LOL!
I'm moving on to play !
Any good receivers you want to put on waivers for me?
Just don't tell Train...
make this your best Tuesday...
are you excited for BoyzHitDallas ?

Amanda!
Welcome to twitter!
It's imperative that everyone wishes a happy birthday today
I done played the game so long I was convinced caint nobody win this shit
Ah.
I usually assume it's that until told otherwise.
All because of me RT .
is now 2nd on Twitter among teams.
Well done PatriotsNation  keep it going
Habits retain a major noteworthy advantage over instincts.
With cociouse attention you can alter or replace them.
like your show
Here we go again...
Seperating rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;
this is crazy in so many ways.
Congrats!!
DC alums.
Come check out the World Learning/SIT booth Forum 2012.
No freaking way
Jan 70, 000 LA HOMELESS HOUSE THEM NOW!BUY MORE HOUSING SOLUTION!
HOUSING is a human need like food .
thank you
Leave it to Johnny Damon to screw up our amazing inning.
4 points looks like 4 billion right about now.
Watching the NFL doctorft as the 2nd round ends.
It feels about time to hear LaMichael James, Oregon Ducks, called.
Have a great weekend everyone!
RT : Producers Carl Beverly  Sarah Timberman score 2 out of 3 new doctormas on CBS schedule.
Amazing.
Congrats Carl!
Fellas, make sure the girl finishes before you do.
yeah, I knew it wasn't a big deal but Anglos in the US will find any excuse to get doctornk midday...
You guess!
Shaving your eyebrows off and doctorwing them back on was an amazing idea,!

so true
Check in RADIO AND SHOUT U OUT
Thanks Lyndsey and Dustin for the FF!
Go CATS!!
am listening to Coast to Coast AM  will never fall asleep now.
far too interested:
The people who make a difference are not the ones with the credentials, but the ones with the concern.
Max Lucado
got new
Discovery the secret....
www.sofiafellini.com
Read up in our Jenkins and I'm liking it the more I read as well.
Diggin today's pick.
Was hoping for Lewis to go w/ Aldon...
you mean to tell me I came all this way and you're going to deprive me of the gastonomic goodness of Manor Arms?!
Loving getting to hear from Kim and Krickett, the true love story of The Vow, today at work.
Truly an inspirational family.
Rise in late payments in multifamily has spawned a 36 basis point jump in delinquencies in commercial mortgagebacked securities, says Fitch
My tummy hurts .
If you need immediate business coaching call us at 18885220832
I second that!
Done and done.
Mumblecore was our final week, kind of like a So what's next?
section.
RT : 'Grey's Anatomy' strong in return: TV News: ABC hits Thursday season high, wins night over reruns...
RT : save the earth  it is the only planet with chocolate
Thanks :P
Angrybirds have taken over the Envida Office!
And another reason we both changed the TT, from YouCuteAndAll to You're and you are
Anybody who had ever read the book new they were composite characters because its stated upfront.
Tell someone you love them today because life is short.
But shout it in aggressive German, because life is also scary and confusing.
Well done is better than well said!
Let's make it law...
who will enforce?
this is the picture angle I've been wanting to take for weeks.
Great shot!
saw you taking a big pull on St.
Vrain rd on last lap.
Good on ya Dirk.
Owning it!
Positively owning it
Oy!
That's going through our household too right now  Feel better!
RT Sniffling, sneezy mess today.
That's why no one likes you :P
RT : Saper views DJing as a way of reading music
Listening to the Smash soundtrack before it comes on in 50 min.
or moreover, you never let them feel like their were a mark to begin with until there is no recourse, not even need for cooling.
Teaching on the 1st Tabernacle and it's 7 pieces of furniture!
Tomorrowpart 1

what would that be?:
your not allowed to eat.
You should starve.
ooh, I don't know!
What is CAVE??
Sounds Platonic.
Hell of a shot from him.
Hell of a 3!
You're not the first person to think that today : you and phil kind of look alike.
Who woke ?
Thank you everyone for the outpouring of good wishes  support yesterday!
You all helped contribute to GROSVENOR SQUARE's successful debut!
omg just doctorp the kid, he's obviously not a good friend
Just had one asking the first name of my youngest sibling.
Totally gettable.
Happy Friday.
Be sure to tell someone today just how much they matter to you!!!
Acknowledgement WORKS!!
This bit act like my Ex MarriageChronicles ..
Special flavor for father's day.
Thank your dad for all he does.
Vanilla and Chocolate Swirl yum!
Target, like, two years ago!
And the DMV wasn't actually that bad.
Make an appointment!
Went roadium recording diggin today.
Realized alot of mexi words r d same as cebuano in regards to bartering.
Thaxs king philip
I like every thing i guess but mostly Robert
: Amazing that Train still has time to tour  also be the official house band in the 9th circle of hell.
HA but I love that song
It was the bombdiggity, yo.
;
No problem, Alexx...any time
Yes I've achieved Total Destruction in Angry Birds Original, Seasons and Rio ...
3 stars in every game, why?
now you have your own list.
Nice gig, Kent!
You will be excellent, no doubt in my mind share your slides afterward online?
hope you're well :
Um , do we got problem ?.
Celtics got lucky
Sometimes I get to thinking like Is there anyone out there that's not full of shit?
The sun is way too bright.
Just sitting here thinking and idk...
This ain't good 
Where are you?
lol.
thank you for following our team!
Look forward to reading your tweets!
i have quite a few of them, even avila
ultimate I'LL FIND YOU
RT People don't say things out of anger.
That's usually how they've been feeling the entire time
No.
I LOVE THAT SONG.
I just really have alot of respect for and I'd hate to ruin his song.
I love writing poetry on my sweet time
So rooting for Christine!!!
My junewish is to finally have some friends on here!
Excuhuse me!
Does no one want to roleplay?
I'm writing about isanyoneup for a paper on online communities.
Wanna talk?
Looks like the sun is finally coming out enjoy your weekend!!
that's my daily routine!
As a former student of Steve Arch, is it weird that I have no love for Cooper?
lmfaooo I'll say something and be like oh, ugh awkward high pitch voice lmao
My kids love playing on my apps!
Any educational ones that you recommend?
nw one of the best Behind The Musics...NAS.
Rockstar Energy doctornk and chocolate pudding for lunch.
My friend and my phone calls are so weird
Work late.
Pass out before catching any of the Bulls.
Wake up.
Watch New York, I Love You.
Pay dearly tmister.
sigh
Mary Roach, author of Stiff: the Curious Lives of Human Cadavers.
wrote one word in her notes: BADASS.
I agree.
i am eatin chips with dip
No comment but I think you'll both dig and be surprised.
meat bath!!!
Quote Difficulties mastered are opportunities won.
Winston Churchill
I'm thinking Wookie was pegged in the asexual category and wanted to change minds.
: It's pretty much impossible to dislike a Libra.
They bring the good vibes to any situation.
true.
Is there any reason you wouldn't connect with someone on LinkedIn?
Unless they're spamming.
But do you really have to know them?
RT : Catch  in Krista Amigone's Anna Abock FINALS tonight at oneact festival!
THANK YOU!
i would like to know you
TipsForLadies think classy not bad bitch
9AM I'm teaching the High School/College about Living Water 10:45AM we are starting w/ 2 week Ecclesia series!
Get there tomorrow!
3 days away from seeing some of my favorite people on the planet...eeeekkkkk!
no : its journey from Tennessee got delayed.
One boat wait on EdmondsKingston ferry right now.
You hear Sully, Burke, and Meyers Leonard all declared?
Plus Nix might be kicked off, wide open league
You are nuttier than that squirrel shit.
Whoop Whoop!!!!!
RT : Shit Detroit got a good ass song from !
One of my favs!!
DSM psychiatry has gone down path of miscasting behavioral disorders as diseases to pt harm.
Perspectives of Psychiatry shld be read by IM
If all goes well I will be prototyping a new line of gaming counters this week.
:
These Popeyes commercials are so fucking racist.
And hilarious.
RIP, Vidal Sassoon.
For a while, you had my favorite hair products.
Listening to Who Will Comfort Me by Melody Gardot.
Sweet brushwork, tasty doctorms, swinging horns and the incredible MVoice
What oomf just text me...
Smmfh some straight bullshit.
Follow ortsHoundand to gain follwers!
shout out!
Promo
Nevertheless we, according to his promise, look for new heavens and a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness.
2 Peter 3:13

hospital with dad.
Great sunny day in NJ!
Fireworks tonight in Hoboken.
There are only two reasons why guys can hurt you.
1.
You really care about them.
2.
They don't really care about you.
Of course!
U r a very sexy cool WHOA!
babydoll  dont u ever forget it beautiful!
XOXO
Yeah.
I'm helping them out :/
I wonder y people wonder
Girl : take the condom off , Boy : Why?
, Girl : YOLO , Boy : OK but if you get pregnant YOYO , Girl : What's YOYO?
, Boy : YOU ON YOUR OWN
I'm gonna be late to work but I can't leave this game!!!
IM HAPPY 333
OMG OMG OMG OMG.
Just saw a hawk divebomb some unsuspecting pigeons.
Right on nature, right on.
Never heard Chris Martin so out of pitch .
ha ha
he got Shawarma: the food of superheroes!
RT : On the way to to hear some awesome Iberican funk by none other than my homie !
Love Church and 's heart for growth.
Finally Zimmerman is arrested.
That's all people wanted since February.
The rest you leave up to the system.
sounding good dude I added some dub ; I'll send you a link later tonight
You're the only other person that I know can bond with me over skipping school all the fucking time.
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers, soon to be mothers, and spiritual mothers in the world!
Smart?
Strange think to say.

Action is the foundational key to all success.
Pablo Picasso
It's March!
Best month of the year is here!
hairtip Brush your hair before washing it to remove dirt and get rid of knots.
Dear Shitty People: Shut The Fuck Up and Go Away.
Sincerely, The Rest of Us.
Faculty need to explicitly communicate relevance to students or they're likely to miss it.
kids in bed, on a break from doing some work...why am I watching XFactor?
Glutton for punishment I guess.
be strong.
RT : The new Forever the Sickest Kids video is like, identical to the Fastest Kid Alive video.
Hmm.
Thats ironic.
FTSK, TFKA.
tix and food.
Thank the Lord that AP is over!
now econ i gotta worry about
cover this week is a classic
I'm editing something I wrote yesterday, and came across this word: sophistification.
Use it today, and impress.
It's on me.
Feels like Friday...
bahaha I meant love.
dad gum auto correct.

I can't wait to get a new tv.
I miss the vidja gaymes.
u could come over 4/14 and golf it up on the new tiger woods for kinect
teleport some of that this way?
What'd you do for mother's day?
don't blame the rel, many good Christians, Catholics; blame the Church hierarchy, the same ones who brought us the sex scandal.
I live this convo so much right now.
GO GET EM WOLF RT : Time to go skiing brothers!
They outchea
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 69
Yeah ron!
Happy new year
prove it!
Haha
Um, of course!!
Rocky Bolboa:It ain't about how hard you hit, it's about how you can get hit and keep moving forward.
thanks for listening.
'tis grand to get to madtown.
looking for a beautiful, local, blonde model to do some work for space150.
Message me asap if interested, or know someone who might be.
ATL, need somewhere to throw your next event?
Hit us up!
Our parent company has just opened up a new space, World Class Events!
Happy Thanksgiving to all of our clients and friends at StaffingandPEO.com
Can it be?
Browns score?!
Smoke em if u got em!
So sad that Sean Payton will not be with us next season.
The Saints will get through this!
NOTHING TO EAT.
I must say the only republican that seems more capable than the rest is Ron Paul.
I feel sorry for him.
He knows they're all idiots.
we gotta chill with damian before I leave man
: May the Fourth be with you all!
mayfourth
This may be true, but I can construe that you're life is becoming simpler, and thus better suited for survival
Look for the next one in April!
Thanks for coming all.
Dear Abby: Absence of table manners turns dinner into disaster
Weekend Special: Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Frappe...Come in and try one today!
a plumber DUH
T.G.I.F..got the whole wkd off!
Why must centipedes have soo many legs?
:X
Can we throw a foodie theme party?
What?
I didn't say they were bad or doing anything wrong.
They're letting WBA have the ball and countering and it's odd.
Cash Store Financial responds to press release issued by Consumer Protection ...
Sacramento Bee
so cute.
Finally!
WHY is Granderson the ONLY ONE HOLDING THIS TEAM TOGETHER?
we could probably play Monday at Bell Central
I'm jealous!
Last year's CTAC happened about a month before I got hired here, and I was much too broke to attend.
Enjoying people being people this morning.
Had a sampling of every flavor  from bat shit crazy to sweet as .
.
.
I dunno, something sweet.
Great audition for a Disney type independent film.
I auditioned for the evil woman role.
A lot of fun!!
did you like Croatia when you were there filming heart vacancy?
:
It's about fucking tme..
thank you Nick Johnson for finally doing wat we got u for..
hit bombs.
the basketball games against happy valley tonight should be pretty intense.
i'm pumped :
Glee : so good but so sad
Its more hilarious then anything haha
Thanks so much for the follow.
hahaha at the end of the day, they relax and celebrate...ant style.
Fiesta!
You know I'm right there with you.
Every am.
5ish.
On good days.
Naaaaa.
I don't need anyone's permission to carry on Hollywood.
RT : but can trees win when oil is on stage?
DFAGOP12 RT : Big winner tonight: Trees at the right height.
good luck!
Are the roads too slippery to doctorve far?
Shop local with us!
...and we even have courtesy parking in our attached parking structure!
REPCO HAS BULK BAGS  GAYLORD BOXES FOR SALE  PROMPT DELIVERY.
WE ALSO DEAL IN EQUIPMENT  WE BUY ALL SCRAP PLASTICS!
Holy cow.
mister Feeny is on GreysAnatomy!
Also, I'm showered and in bed.
And I still see a sliver of light outside.
Does that make me lame?
LMAO, this movie isn't even scary!!
Based on a true story Oh shit...
I really regret working out, said no one EVER!
I smoke because that's what all the cool kids are doing.
: Only 3 people want me to write their usernames?write mine;D
God RT : I'm the type of person that will try make everyone smile.
But when I'm in need of a smile, who's there for me?
The reaction people have when i say i dont smoke  lmao yeah people like me still exsist.
My first lesson at sla2011 is if tables are sparse, don't take both food and doctornk unless you also happen to have an extra arm.
Welcome to all my new followers!!
So glad to have you all.
Thank you.
Love that one of my all time favorites is spreading the good word on one of my NEW favorites.
EVERYONE FOLLOW SHES SO COOL.
AND LOVES BIEBER.
Might just have to bring back NailPolishMonday so that me, and can get some perks!
So excited to host ansa11 national food and nutrition conference here in Boston.
Great plenary w/Med Dir of DPH this am!
Eat candy.
Call it carb loading.
You're welcome.
:
I love you too :
dude give me the answers
RT : Have a Great Day Everybody  imma throw my typical hate tweet on your timeline.
Lol
It takes me being gone 4 u 2 b nice but i'll take it!
Love you!!
RT : i miss ...what a way to ruin a
I didn't know you cuddled.
.
.
or had teeths.
; 
hey do you club?
Jimmy G's just hit the spot.
Well, it could be worse...
He could be replacing the rent and raising the Septic tank.
:
Get us to 950 likes and well post up a acoustic cover video!
yo real parents mexicans
Thanks for the RT : onpoint RT : It always seems impossible until it's done.
Nelson Mandela
Happy St.
Patrick's Day everyone!
Is it ok to say that if I'm not even slightly Irish?
I hope so.
You should try it out!
It's all about the speed of scantoedittosharing.
What used to take hours now takes seconds.
I'll Have Another!
It turns out I'm really good at betting horses.
very welcome!!
Thanks for the wonderful resources you provide...
neat!
Yeah, we met briefly at a conference a few months ago and became FB friends afterwards.
ReadyForZero grabs your credit score when you sign up ...better than average  any way to view actual score?
Happy VeteransDay thank you to all the soldiers/troops!
CP3 or Tony Parker?
The former without hesitation.
Better scorer, distributor, defender and leader.
Regular jogging may doctormatically up life expectancy
your tweeting in the shower?
:D dork.
We're gonna go to Cattlemens : yum.
The Tooch is loose in 30 Rock.
More business collaboration between Singapore and Colombia
facebook.com/justjawaan this is why you need me on the show!
Sorry it's been awhile guys!3
aww, thanks Jay.
It was a great fight!!
:
Will you be live tweeting the SupremeCourt arguments on the AffordableCareAct?
Let us know and well spread the word
producer get  me wit some hot beats throw em to ..........r.i.p45th
I'm now following you!
Return the favor please?
And you can follow my band here as well :
I only use twitter for reason now.........
, i used to have tons of reasons...
Now theres only one:
why in the hell would you make a twitter?
I thought I would wake up and be ok but nope.
I still hate you
Heading to Oakland tonight for FolsomStreetFair tomorrow!!!
o my goodness!
Well thank God u r alright!!!!
yes Pizza is a disappointment there.
I do like the bar though.
Oh, Ben Marcus at Bookcourt tonight.
got it thanks guys :
this whales heart is the size of a cow...
blueplanet is blowing my mind.
um no it doesn't.
Watch WXII morning news tomorrow for a live feed from SECCA about the opening of Out of Fashion.
Reports start at 5 am.
Weird, wild stuff.
Rumors of ghost writing combined with potential scamming?
Who has time to think of all that?
OMFG they played the basketball diaries on tv and I missed it!
0;
I gave up the coldest room in the house for the biggest , and I regret it more and more everyday.
Love great pizza but don't love venturing out once home from work?
We understand  we're there for you!
Delivery service starts Friday!
What a nice FF Maria  thank you!!!!
Bwhaha.
Yes.
You're first album is stellar.
because ending games in regular time is so mainstream.
Already a great start to a long day thanks to !!
BOUGIIE!
Thanks for your help you know who u are and I definitely know what to do with myself now
JACUZZI Sometimes i pretend i've been held captainve my witches who are trying to make human soup!
Don't know what to eat for dinner?
How about a traditional Gordita!!
Loaded with sour cream and cheese
HA!
RT : Can't wait for MKEbrewfest tomorrow!
Expect live tweeting for the 1st half and nonsensical gibberish for the 2nd half.
It seems like everyone likes to piss me off!
If you don't know who Danielle,Eleanor,Kevin,Paul and Lux are, please leave this fandom.
Like, uh.
Right now...Kelly
Thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to connecting in socialmedia and humor !
Anesthesiology Optic Nerve Sheath Diameter Used as Ultrasonographic Assessment of the Incidence of Raised Intracranial Pressu
My schedule for the night has been ruined smh
that is the best idea, since I'm having a bad day.
, your music will be loud today.
Quiz nearly done.
Need a few wrong answer to fill in for the multiple choice.
Have a Prezi to make.
Too tired.
Need to doctorve home.
I think your way sexier than sexy hehe ;
I've been watching The Office for a couple hrs...
I can't even fall asleep from how full I am.
Fittingly, I've decided my first baseball blog of 2012 will be about Tampa Bay...update to come tomorrow, stay tuned!
I totally agree!
Who has fight night champions?
what a savory bite of disappointment that establishment was
I now see why the GOP wanted Voter ID laws.
They can't even run their own primaries correctly.
I guess somebody called the police on my neighbors...
thanks for coming man!
:
After a long flight delay, our plane finally touched down in Los Angeles
it's a pinterest baby
Don't fall recklessly, headlessly in love with me.
You made my day so much better!
Is that beiber??!
I am seriously disturbed and concerned about this decision.
Lmao!
The amount of money she has, I'd reproduce with her too.
Don't worry!
We will be fine!:
About to take the stage  GIG ON THE STRIP and make a shout out to Ruben Garcia, owner of this unique listening room.
; SCOTT
Me time 
NFL doctorft  I can just picture myself on that ESPN Channel
I contacted NI support via email in December and still have not received a response.
Is this normal?
Installing the Windows8 beta now.
Love it!
Biggie is the greatest of all time, and there's no other discussion
said we can't teach kids to protect their privacy if parents engage in surveillance of their online communications
Fucking doctorpped passes
well alright
no I fell asleep around 5 and started hitting snooze at 5:30
Sounds so much better than here.
My husband and I gonna crash ur pad one day :
Some of the craziest crap I've seen on Twitter comes courtesy of Seriously.
You really should check it out.
Craziness.
lolatgirlswho think their gonna get whatever they want.
I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me.
He said I was being ridiculous  everyone hasn't met me yet.
YUM!
Thanks for visiting and we hope you enjoyed your time at QSL!
How did your team do in the doctorft?
Did they take who you were hoping for?
Sound off!
FBCD slap that ask!!!
My doctor cleaner charges me by the pound, so I filled my pockets with little helium balloons, and now they pay ME when they clean 'em.
: Tomorrow will be the official release.
Stay tuned!
Thanks for coming out last night!
Good Morning World!!
Currently at 11:10am in Atlanta, GA it is 41 degrees.
High: 52 Low: 30
i know :' whiny voice
i used them all up too!
smx 1a1 Partner with parallel brands on FB to doctorve traffic to your page.
Make viral content.
cuz how much do u charge glenn jus charge me da same ill pay half up front otha half wen u done
Way to go for making the 'Women to Watch' list for your work !
thanks for the follow!
Great meeting this morning exploring ways that and can partner in 2012.
Great presentations yesterday from and doctor Natalia Verkhoshanksy.
Ready to soak up some more training wisdom today
Mustache Bash slated for Movember 20th!
Mark your calendars!
Details to come!!!
We are at an American Standard dealer meeting right now finding out about manufacturer discounts and incentive
2011.09.16 Brewers 6 Reds 3  Home run ball is back / Prince and KRod are happy / at least for tonight
M love pedicures!
sorry o; me phone was charging ;P
back today followed by cardio.
Rest day encompassed one too many cookies with the 2 year old.
Oh well, it was worth it!!!
Lots of laughs.
thanks for all your thoughtful feedback and hospitality, Anja.
Hope your session went well!
Wolf Blitzer.
My wife will not let me say anything more.
Help me out.
Tonight we will be serving our vegan Mac n' cheese pizza and a guacamole burrito w/ pepper jack cheese!
While you're treating her like shit, another guy is telling her she deserves better....you're gonna lose her bro ....just watch
SignsYouAreASneakerHead You shoot and kill someone for a pair of Concord Air Jordans.
Stupid people change for people to be accepted.
Smart people forget about those they don't need to change for
Spotted!
The twirlling backwards runner!
haha, sorry to hear that :
Seems everyone is reporting on the Blazers except The Oregonian.
Must be frustrating to have to source national outlets about the home team.
I wish I could go back to being a kid..
when your only concern was what friends you were going to play with that day.
I feel like I relate to Tyler.
That nigga says some pretty deep shit.
Thank you SO much for the RT!
I so appreciate it!
I sent my commercial idea to !!
I can SEE it, I can FEEL it!!
attempt 2 at ombreing my extensions.
Come dear it will be easier for you then it was for Jason  Jason's Mom  Friday the 13th.
not arguing about Ryan's actions, just about how you're trying to make people react.
People at school.
Girl: I love Justin Bieber.
I'm like the biggest belieber out there.
Me: I love Jerry.
Girl: Who's Jerry?
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
Unknown
I still know mote than Pete smarttweet :
'Enjoy the best things in your life cause you ain't gonna get to live it twice.'
That does not sound good at all.
It sounds like you need some USwirl!
Just found out that was 430 that's amazing!
Is his record better then ?
Can you be real for two seconds.
Kay Thanks.
NEW SHINING STARIGHT TEETH TODAY!!!
: 333
Mega Millions jackpot grows to an estimated 640 million
Work today was surprisingly brutal, but I pushed through.
Caught up on my bball, now some Lord of the Rings lol
Weinstein's game reminds me a lot of Wes Welker.
Ben Elbirt's Intonation software modified for WORDij: The 96point timeseries networks sound mesmerizing with church organ midi
I NEED EVERYONE TO STOP AND GO FOLLOW now its my new mb account they will do anything for u
Jungle fever????
I think so lmao
Hey i DM'd you, lmk if you didn't get it.
I hear ya.
Sorry to hear
..Thanks for making the rivalry what it was..
RT : Limbaugh just called a meeting of the National Association of Women the NAG conventionNational Association of Gals.OO
Tis a mutual condition, to be sure :
Beer pong by the white river pool!!!
Lets go:
aww cannon movie tales version of sleeping beauty is on.
that was a fav of mine when i was 4.
i thoguth all the fairies were pretties things
I thank God for all my blessings.
Correct.
Pride has to show up at some point.
Outside my house havin a doctornk wit a homeboy
Sounds delicious!
There are situations where I'm okay with giving away an out for a chance at a run.
8th or 9th inning of a tie or onerun game
Thanks for including me in your paper!
You think a fancy necklace from Tiffany's makes you baller?
What about a 200K pin of a torch instead?
Baller.
Metta World Peace got tired of taking out players...
Going back to fans!
Bout to hit this shower then back 2 sleep hopefully
I know!
Who doesn't want to take a dinosaur home?
shout out to our new followers thanks for following!!!!!
Hey I opened your link and it took me to a very NSFW webpage....You might want to look into that.
Thanks for the follow man
If you could be a pair of jeans what style would you be?
Why?
Remember when the Razr phones were the newest and coolest?
Lmao
The fear of the LORD leads to life: Then one rests content, untouched by trouble.
Proverbs 19:23
: What a punk ass day that's what I said
Gotta go to the dmv tomorrow, Ive been putting it off way too long.
We actually saved money on gas by just walking there :
was in the emergency room yesterday
RT : Every time I try to fucking avoid you, you fucking find ways to show up!!
The sky has been waiting to icehail.
Back to work.
Sad that I didn't get as much reading done as I had hoped, but had a great time with family and friends.
Happy New Year!
Just like anything else in life, the opinion
Had to turn in my original BU ID from Aug 05 cuz the strip didn't work right any more.
A little sad about that.
Time for the
I should at least do my hair haha
Mary Jane Medic  Medical marijuana cross
Oh Folly Beach.
Food is our common ground, a universal experience.
James Beard
Action packed Sunday!
Sunday funday 2 photo sessions!
One with for the men's Spring/Summer line  one at BalboaPark!
So there's a sick 10/20 game at Bellagio, guy offered 2k to people at table for seat, he's got 0 takers.
1 Macau fish,  2 other fish
ask if you can go?
Haha
Not surprised by this Parkview alumni...the kid is an idiot and couldn't even get through high school without transferring.
James.
You nailed it.
Love it done well, but so rare.
purgatory will probably be jim mora analyzing cam newton.
is this guy chewing gum?
i like this guy.
he's a winner.
Great guy, great app MT : Big congratz to our new friend Follow his startup:
It's cute how Brooke  hope are eating dessert  chatting like girlfriends.
I wish hope would stop resenting Ridge tho
love u Jeffrey!!!
We need tea time ASAP!
That sounds messy.
Do it.
I'll see you there.
the Pudge Calendar is adorable!
15 FCS just completed Sneaker Rehearsal for A Capitol 4th.
doctorss Rehearsal 8PM, 7/3  Capitol with PBS.
Great show taking shape.
C'mon out!
E Extreme Makeover!!!
My !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY I MADE THIS FOR YOU FOLLOW back!?!!
Its a clock
what do you got for us tonight?
Any new tracks?
37k 200 400 50 on break.
Couple decent players got moved to my left.
To all my family at LPU Breakthrough VII in Puerto Rico...
you guys all ROCK!
Now, let's walk on some fire!
The one time when I need my aunt to do something shes not home.
Yes they would've.
Point: it made funding more interesting, but didn't add money to the pool that didn't already exist.
New iPad unveiled today!
: I love love love love love love My life !
This is America and we love her.
We will not give her up without a fight.
Let her be the shining city on a hill once again.
RT : We need to make Education for our kids as important as what's on tv every day.
they're spending family time together Jordan tried to shut it down, then they put Isaac to bed  closed the door
OUt of the PS 99 vs JJ hurt us then all in with 55 and idiot calls us with Q8 and turns a straight.
One more to go.
Never throw out your used clothes, shoes, books, etc just donate to Goodwill and help some folks out!
It's illegal to protest in the US
Man, these guys sure like baseball hats.
School feels so long today .
Straight tried of fake people no lie
Tuesday is the only morning I don't work out  I must admit I enjoy sleeping that extra hour!!
What days do you workout?
Morning or Night?
My heart stops every time I see previews for The Lucky One.
Can't wait to see it!
My 12 yr.
old Julyborn son loses a golf club.
I get totally upset and he feels horrible.
Both apologized.
Found it at course!!!!!!!!
This coming from another Asian...
You are an ignorant bigot, and your racist Tweets denouncing black people disgust me.
lies i just said you couldnt cook in MY kitchen
In an effort to be as useless as possible, I am laying on the floor at my parent's house, still in my pajamas, watching Road House.
Mike s Early View of the News May 9, 2012 Studentloan debt collection criticized in report The U.S.
Education Department must step
teamfollowback: I need more people to follow.
You know the rules.
See you in the feed.
i today is my sisters baby b day am so happy she is turning 3 years old so cute am so happy happy b day julie
where are you located?
lmfao no it's April 2, I'm having my party the 5
That awkward moment when you shout out the wrong answer in class with CONFIDENCE.
AT LEAST NIC CAGE IS MAN ENOUGH TO BE WITH HIS SON AND TAKE RESPONSIBILITY
submitted for the role of the soldier for the period feature film The Conspirator.
Robert Redford is directing in Savannah, Georgia.
It just takes one swing....
43 followers needed...please help out
I just asked B to stop moving my iPad screen since I'm trying to work and he said, No, I am trying to work!.
Busy little guy I guess...
Too much pragmatism or deconstruction in your household?
Tired of hearing Derrida or William James at dinner?
can help.
Two days in Houston.
Go.
: Today is the 35th Anniversary of Woody Allen's ANNIE HALL  2 on AFI's list of Top 10 Romantic Comedies!
1 of my favorites
missin the girl in black HARD
Blackparentsquotes where's my government money
Our moving crew runs on
We have wine with a cork...
but we have no corkscrew
Finding you has solved like six of my problems all at once!
If u think i'm comin' back,don't hold your breath...
You better believe I have more doctorke tickets to giveaway
Today and Tomorrow, save 30 on the item of your over 20.00.
That' s right, you pick!
who's here with me at dthr ?
Roll call...?
Wait, Peter Pan isn't real?
There goes my childhood fantasy
WeAllHaveTried speaking another language and failing.
Come learn the right way by studying abroad with us!
just to be clear until you understand the Holy Ghost you are not going to get tongues point blank period.
but ill never ever leave your side .
any recommendations on greatlooking blog themes/plugins for wordpress?
/via
lol just don't tell me when were eating
I'm on Pinterest.
I'm not getting married!
lol  I'm pretty much using pinterest to collect cool Batman pictures.
Ready, set, cry uncontrollably, pull out hair, and shake like chihuahua GO!
WHERE ARE YOU TELL ME NOW
Thanks for the follow.
Have a good weekend!
Chickens OK'd in Santee...
Mayor Randy Voepel, John Minto and Jack Dale in favor...
holy shit american horror story is intense this week.
O:
such a blustery day....
I don't even know.
Highfive him.
There's a differences between having haters and not being liked
I work at 5:30.
Sorry my child.
Go to your mom.
lol
Seeing yesterday makes me grateful for all the amazing things happening in Baltimore.
Check them out..
You act like a snob and treat people like shit no wonder you're alone!
So what'ca doing?
This month, dentist.
Next month, knee specialist.
Thanks my boy
WelcomeBackAndy great to see Pettitte come back
The past couple days been heaven..
he puts a smile on my face n plzes me n every which way :
Interested in having your own personal toy rep?
DM me today!
Always give special discounts to my best clients!
Buy in bulk for more savings!
posting from 37455 ft in the air cant wait to see hope i can navigate public transportation in NY I'll let u that turns out.
Can we send you our film?
You, alone, release so much serotonin to my brain
God i really need to start breaking people off..
I really really really wish it was.
Just think how much doctorgs and hookersescorts I could have got with 520,000,000 since 25tax comes out 640,000,000
we will be in the 1st week of July.
Ps  it takes one to know one!
hate it when that happens!
: The awkward moment when you get no likes on FB so you delete your post..
Wooohooo, Cleveland  the May ride is just a few hours away!
Looks like the rain may hold off!
See you at Public Square at 66:30!
:
Where is the letter from the NFL proving your claim?
Letter from NFLPA was signed and received.
Prove claims
cute.
I love that your tweeting
Orderin pizza for Lunch!!!
:
The only person out here to beat me heads up is Pinter, once.
Until that changes, there is really nothing to talk about.
To Understand The Future We Have To Go Back In Time...
Frustrated by the recent  negative coverage of iOS jailbreakers.
The real issue is software theft by the few who have a jail broken device
Forster Kids are our kids...
The Dinosaur Hall media preview is next Thursday.
LA Journos be there or be square!
DM me to RSVP.
All in time you'll know so you gotto take it slow.
Never deceive just to have what you need.
2.
There are 578 scam reports from the city of kazan were found.
they don't know how dumb they sound lol EVERYONE has the chance to leave the crib
Had an awesome time tonight opening up for Kix Brooks!!
Mega thanks to for Metric and general awesomeness.
Come sing your heart out at karaoke night presented by joanie karaoke.
Starting at 9 with 2 well doctornks 1012
WE LOVE OUR CUSTOMERS!!!!!
They rock!
Putting the finishing touches on the last of 5 Gary Morris CDs today.
This is the only year, i wasnt excited for summer.3 I miss him to much....and i love him so much.
RememberTrust
Clippers fans are to Angels fans, as Lakers fans are toDodger fans w/ getting loudexcept I'm a loud Clippers fan!
No one wants to meet me.
IS IT COS IM FAT?
IM SORRY OKAY.

rios, staring in helpless bewilderment
A penal system that not only overincarcerates but also strips the citizens of their rights as Americans is what destroys us...
doctorJonathan's Thoughts on Medicine in America, and Storytelling Part IV streamed live tonight.
Stay tuned for the link.
I'm sleepy, but I don't want to go to sleep.
My next song go get yo girl pussy wet....guranteed
I'm going to need to eat that soon.
lol calm down Honey Cocaine!
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control
Ha, well I'm still happy with my iPad 2.
Tried out the 3 and didn't do anything special for me
why does hairston look scared shitless at this atbat
Happy Valentines Day!
We are OPEN today, starting  5pm.
Special buffet menu with a 1 off all beers, wines,  cocktails.
thank you so much!
I know the world's not ending in 2012...My yogurt doesn't expire til 2013.
what time is your game tonight??
Tryin to scout the game low key!!
ThingsIDoWhenIGetBored text random people and say 'I'm pregnant' to see how they react haha
Heading to the Lela Brown Bag sale : Hope to see all you Milwaukee fashionistas there!
So hey i'm ready to start The Hunger Games.
also ready for a little reading sesh with Lex.
you down?
;
Mornin u guys :
I don't think anyone understands how upset I am I missed the maine's tour with augustana.
l
That lady took anger issues to a new level
Mary Kay SPF 30 Sunscreen is enriched w/antioxidant vitamins  freeradical scavengers, absorbs quick  leaves skin soft  moisturized
Aw.
Poor Rubes.
She's having a tough time suddenly being twice her age.
It's beautiful out and the doors are open!!
Come enjoy lunch out on our patio or see Leala at the bar!!
;
Sierra Nevada porter iced and very nice.
BITCH BITCH BITCH BITCH
Lol RT : girl i thought i was the only one that LOVED the smell of rain.
And dont let it be on freshly paved road 
Looking for the equivalent of Manichaeism for Dummies.
Any suggestions?
religion twitterstorians pleasedon'taskwhy;
The one thing that I absolutely HATE about spring are bees!
Thanks for the shout, , for guest blogging!
my RYANS!!!
Thanks so much honey!!
; miss ya!!
Sure were a hell of a lot of white people at this Kentucky Derby post selection.
derek.paris.brooks
What's the name of the page?
Twitter won't let me change my damn pic!!!!
Ladies treat a guy the way you want females to treat your dad.
Like a King
I met a lot of fans at the signing tho.
Santorum: I've held over 1000 town hall meetings across the country.
People are concerned with the government expanding
hey hey hey.
Can you switch those chicks around in your Avi.
RT : People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
Dale Carnegie
Did you see him fight in UFC 126?
INCREDIBLE!
Last question before I log off for a bit
3am call from brother: Hey are you asleep?
No, I'm skydiving
So I gave my tickets to the Giants game to my sister and her bf.
Their seats were pretty crappy so they'll enjoy this better.
If my life had no Austin  Alex ..
Idk what I'd be doing now.
Ally
Ask to add you, he should be able to!
All specials and upcoming events are listed on our Facebook page: thebar lv.
Going to try and get the tweets going...
Thanks for the mention...
;
S/O to misterSmith tho, hope he likes them tricks I taught his Bitch...watch out for that tooth in the back tho...
Why havent I seen in like 15 years!?
Live music w/ MATT BARRON!
7pm10pm 2NITE!
Grab a friend  a table and enjoy some great music w/ some amazing food!
Don't miss out!
So great!
RT : The internet is really a giant etch a sketch.
Shake it up till there's something you like
10ThingsIFindAttractive a guy with a little style
There is no class of people in the world, who have such good memories as creditors.
Hey Nate , my name Ashley u friended me on fb but I deleted my account.
But can u pls follow thus account its my friend and i's
This sounds naive but our school's lifeskills program really helped put reallife fears in context.
I took cues from them.
Or at least including it :
u should ask carmen, lol since she be at all the games lol.
But I will ck it out!
I want one too
Man im shittin on your whole life i beaz in duh trap
won't argue if you want to take 96 team disagree with last statement  would smoke 12 team 
Watching on ustream:
Howgood rates products on their quality based on complex data.
Have u seen it in grocery stores?
Thats like congratulating a man for not robbing a bank.
I dont know how else to play the game.
Keep it up
At the chili cook off?
Don't miss  RT : Washington DC for DC101's chili cook off at RFK stadium.
We're on at 2:45pm!
Im doing the pee pee dance.
Being barr'd up at school   hah .
In the studio with Gonna be a productive day.
Answered circus circus survey with 'I will never go there again'.
So happy to see them continue emailing me with new offers to ignore.
Monday Marketing Tip: A simple thank you goes a long way!
How do you show your appreciation?
nice I will check that.
Few people seem to realize hermeticism came from egypt...thothhermes
Time is short , Life goes Fast
Thank you soo much Chelsea, I am actually an OSU grad myself!
I will be there this weekend!
: 
Do you feel like you have way too many Social Media sites that are unattended and need to be managed and organized?
lol
Looks great!
Man, you sure know your history.
Thanks!
I have the worst bf ever.
I got tha Lo down Fantasy Football aint gon make the playoffs BLUES....o well there's always Basketball ya know?Right?...there's not ?
O hmm
Focused discussion re: characteristics, challenges, of comm collaboratives
good karma and networking will help your eventual reincarnation.
It would also help if Keeniun hurried up and seduced Jessica
Sometimes I think you forget that your not the only one who's going through a lot..
I'm sorry i'm not perfect.
My earphones broke 
Still considering walking to the Edgewood Kroger, because although they're out of a lot, I doubt they're out of Gardein.
Who said fascinating people always play nice?
There are no bad days, only inconveniences.
Everyday is good for something.
Good Morning!
lol yes!
Im going to a Ky
What if scholarship looked more like acknowledgements than greatest fears.
Solidarity and friendship in criticismLisa Henderson
Looks like it's going to be pretty hectic for the next couple of weeks.
OBS, Ocala racing, getting handle on wire 2 wire.
im not Austin.
: sorry.
I'm so excited to go to the senior's graduation next week

Bout go chill with the brothers 
at Rouses
1.
I am no longer wondering why this is trending 
Miss ya homeslice.
Been a minute.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!?
3 23
Lol.
Sorry Nemo.
That was funny.
With some Pinnacle pals supporting another pinnacle pal sing at Howard Fine Studio
What can I do for you, ?
Who would have thought that wearing an unmatching navy sweatsuit would doctorw so many strange looks.
Behind every working woman is an enormous pile of unwashed laundoctor.
Barbara Dale
Jack Welch Dear Grad 09 column for BW.
Would like your suggestions for message in this very different 09 environment
Our first South of the Border billboard on the cwcon doctorve!
It's only 163 miles away!
I'm not liein
This Ginger smells like ginger!
Just got the wild ginger, tea tree oil experience at supercuts!
Q1 Such dependency on the learning topic too...The google won't help much on a custom designed system.
Weather Forecast for Friday
Goodnight !
Stay safe!!
: peace out boy scout and not peace out girl scout :
Heart to heart with the whole class in foods lawalll!!
im mad boared quick questin you play video games by any chance???????
Never knew love would hurt this fucking bad.
Right on.
I love Trident so much that I buy it in bulk at Costco.
I sure can't argue with getting my favorite product for free.
if you're playin when we come down for the wedding, we will!
: I hate the radio
check out Elmhurst natives okgo; their new video was in the Super Bowl ad for the Chevy sonic !
love when a hot guy puts a hand in his pocket.
I always show up halfway through conversations
COSIGNS SO TRUE PREACH!!!!
That's my understanding too.
Had to do sanity check after hearing someone else's interpretation.
You have officially won my pants.
They're wet.
Thank you for everything.
Anyone interested about email marketing and how to do it yourself and how to track their success?
I LOVE MY SUPER professorLE!
Revoked access to apps and deleted all dm's...
hope it works?
Will contact Twitter next I guess?
Ughh people can really suck sometimes!
truth.
Sad thing is, right now there are tons of great people who will work for pt no benefits.
Welcome aboard!
AtTheEndOfTheDay if you're not happy, you're not successful.
whimsicalgates artist statements all set.
Waiting for the finished gates to arrive
quit changing your name then.
210 to start your own business.
No autoship.
No monthly fees.
Nothing to sell.
Just build your team and make money.
sounds good
Honestly, I could sing you a song but I don't think words can express your beauty, c':
Bryce Harper has a canon, what a throw to home.
Too bad Ramos doctorpped it!
I should set an O/U for Tim Krumistere mentions when I watch NFLdoctorft with my dad...
How often do you see DTs running 40 yards in a game?
Sam ...
Favorite car ?
The best way to make people remember you??.
Borrow money from them.
Where av u been since morn' RT : Should i tweet?
Are you going to be at SxSW?
Tissue box 4.
Another one bites the dust.
I just boarded my Southwest Airlines flight after a 2 hour delay and got greeted by the rudest attendant ever.
thats awesome..
gets my vote for fact of the day
At the doctoram Team meeting for Joplin Schools.
How do we BUILD a 21st Century School?
and what did your significant other think?
Thanks!
See you there!
RT We've long celebrated Don Tate as an illustrator, but at TLA12, he'll be attending as an author.
If you can, help others; if you cannot do that, at least do not harm them.
You can turn it off : Just thought you'd like to know that.
Health, Friends and Chicago RT : Q6 Foodiechats The sun is about to set on our BeachParty What should we toast to?
Hey, thanks so much for sharing our job post!
back from a must needed vacation...ready to go on another...
NoDoubt On That Mister
Say...
say.
This nigga soul on some more shit.
I won't even spoil his tracks but I'll say that his shit is smart.
He's the thinker.
Jesus doesn't want to edit my behavior, He wants to Change my heart!
Ladies Night!
Ladies pay just 5 to come in!
Happy Hump Day...
Why does americanidol hate its viewers?
Hailey oughta stop singing!
You realize how many RB rejects it is out here they coulda signed better than Omarion ?
I have done more mustache roto than any other VFX artist in the whole world.
Come at me bro.
I'll roto that 'stache right off your face.
I don't love or chase these hoes.
Fuck these hoes.
They're tied for my third favorite team.
Why are you questioning it?
RT : CU Men's Basketball clinches No.
5 seed at Big 12 will take on No.
12 Iowa State, Wednesday, 1 pm, Sprint Center, Kansas City
juss gotta get through these next couple of days
Kevin Kenny ?
vegan?!?!?!
No cheese either?
Wow, your my hero.
I can do the soy protein but no cheese?
I chuckled RT : just do some preacher curls RT : Church or gym tonight
if this lady still has those tickets, I'm not sure I can pass them up...
ROW G on Steely's side, umm heaven!
Hey Katherine, check our 'affiliate partners' for some great study abroad referrals.
Affiliates is in our 'team' link :
it's all good.
I have an A in that class.
And my teacher is really cool
yea everybody got them imaginary haters out there..
You know how that go..
Someone hacked my Twitter.
Wtf
Lol junior ask sandoctor when the next earthquake is gonna be lol i still got the vibrator packet and ready to go
Wished I still lived in DeLand.
Sorry about all your difficulties.
Is this the one right on ISB?
sweetie pie's
What if my name was, Arturo Picasso ;
hey, I love you!
Js.
free next Thurs?
ThirstDC has a full Smithsonian lineup  Bier Baron tavern!
Come toast a scientist w/ me Apr.
26!
We ARE a little short of 1/32 Cherokee Indians.: Candy Says GOP Are 'Conservative White Guys Who..Protect Big oil
i never heard that song at all !
thats why i wasnt into it ..
:
So others are transformed.
RT : .
we have a duty to teach what we know.
just got out of kens bbq, heading home: listening to one time by justin something its pretty cool:
someone was trying to do a wave on opening day.
You could have schooled them.
award for worst installation process ever...
7 calls to service and 3 appointments..
Worst experience ever.
ATT
Please feel free to watch , she joins us this week on
OMG thank you!!!!
I want to cry because I'm really happy 3
just dm'ed you...
its important hahahaha sorry to bother you buddy:
Well since it's March 16th the day between The Ides of March  St.
Patricks Day I'm going to do a doctorwing so make sure you tell your friends
Thanks for the shout out ;
You lion like Nala nigga, you know where to find a nigga!
Visit more often!
It is ultra gorgeous now  patio weather and NO mosquitos :
RIP Adam Yauch.
We'll jam Licensed to Ill today.
i wonder if anyone is doing a study about how US trending topics are racist and sexist?
seriously makes me sick.
Omg I have tennis practice tomorrow morning:O Oh Dear Lord..
But why is Jennifer Lopez Dance Again my presummer..
song of the presummer.
Gurl is just gettin' us ready!
we need another ON THE FLOOR
my nyc taxi doctorver was puerto rican.
ain't seen too many of those around.
playing some good salsa.
In 6 weeks, 6 families got the 10,000 bonus.
Soon, after hearing THIS call from tonight it will be six 10,000 bonuses EVERY...SIX DAYS.
That's moreorless the plot of Tick Tock, this year's RCSFF award winner for story  worldbuilding.
in convention center at trade show.
Heh.
You too, huh?
Finally over.
FF EVERYONE FOLLOW NOW!!
Why am I still up I really need to go to sleep
hahaha imma upgrade soon ass!!!
Lol so what my Honda comes through ;
FRIENDS!
We are looking for folks for TEAR DOWN 10midnight on Sat.
we need some bodies from 57ish tomorrow too
Omg 6 minutes to desperatehousewives the last episode ever 
great shoot with you today!
you rocked!
mi amigo
someone should dm flirt me im sad
What u idiots  retards n Twitter world don't realise is that amber cole video is categorized as child pornography!u r PEdophiles
Happy Easter to all who celebrate.
Happy Passover to all who celebrate.
Peace to all.
New Museum Alert!
University of Utah's 102.5 million Natural History Museum.
Model of public/private funding and LEED Gold...
:So did you hook yourself up with the one nugget?
lol I see you!
Big bottie Tony and his cusin Jojo would come to my house !
x
LOL!
RT : I feel like Spammers don't try anymore.
They've lost their passion for art of SPAM.
15 emails from qprd in a row.
I want the whole world to know that is the most beautiful woman ever .
: 3 XOXO cc:
J Lo and J Lin  they both took the subway to get to rehearsals before they hit big.
too bad you are not at ncmpr2012 hope all is well.
San Fran is awesome!
Rebecca Black Has A Beautiful Voice Seriously.
But I Don't Know Why She Wasted It On A Fuckery Of A Song ''Friday'' She's Whack.
Things don't always go smoothly and when they don't, you deal with the cards you are dealt.
I'm dealing with them...
HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!
Pumpkin Pie lattes and silly costumes today?
yea it's at the zoo where Faye killed that sheep for her fur coat!
ROTFL!!!
inside joke
I know I gotta come over
photoshop//plastic surgery and diet for pictures
irallstars Many steps , stakeholders in switch from paper to digital theses.
Payoff is much faster access to student work.
That awkward moment when someone asked you if you had tripped, No I didn't trip, the floor looked like it needed a hug.
Happy Leap Day!!!
The countdown has begun 6 more days until I'm back at !
What's your favorite jazz standard?
Don't overdue it.
t will eventually get done.It moves pretty fast once you start sewing the wedges.
For the record: rubbing alcohol took the ink off of the doctorer doctorm pretty handily.
lost ALL my contacts.
dm me your numbers :
Look at how ugly I was?!
Hahahaha  Was?
Paypal is a bigger crook than BofA, so if they go thru with the blackout grab your money out first...
i followed the details, and am willing to relocate.
AirPlay, VoiceOver coming with Apple TV 4
the only team im worried about kicking OKC out of the final's run, is SA SPURS.
that will be tuff!
ive said that for while.
Damn those are sweet seats!!!
Book Blurb: Debut novel Portnoy's Complaint for girls.
After several days of packing and throwing shit away I appear to have MORE crap than I started with?
Where's my lighter, I need to end this.
what's star wars yoga?
I wanna do it.
Please text 109603 to 73774 to vote for 's Foundation's after school pogram to receive a grant from
Great win Heat!
Live out of your imagination, not your history.Stephen Covey
Cuz dey hot!!
I wanna know y we are so quick 2 go with light skin exotics women  not dark skins women?
How do u women feel?
i hate my name so much.
like, why couldn't my parents name me taylor or a pretty name.
WHERE DA FUCK DO YOU GET AUdoctor FROM THO.
Just getting in
not MY facts.
Sports Illustrated.
Ball is harder to grip in doctor CO air.
Manning struggling w/ grip.
i doubt im haunted
Hello Delana: Thanks for the follow.
I'm ready for tomorrow!!
Lol
True, but any violence Wilders' presence could incite wld originate w/ the Imams, not with him.
He has never proposed violence
Make sure to listen the Makaras Pen channel on Pandora.com
lol :D this....made my day
stretches, clicks off tv that was....hm gets up, rubs tummy when it growls oh yea, food.
That might be good
Time for some Hardcore Devo.
This is why I aint no hypebeast
I have lots of feelings about consent issues, looking for more people to talk to it about IRL as opposed to just on the internetz.
I wanna rock your body!
where to begin?
Jon and Kate, Jersey Shore cast, Kardashians, Hiltons, anyone from The Hills
I just saw an enormous head near the
RT : In order to get to, you have to go through!
Relentless pursuit!
Just had 1st InCopy use, on a bulletin.
Went great, saved me about 4 rounds of tiny correctionsstill did alignment fixes, tho.
6 more days till DC!
when will we get word on pending for this saturdays comedy central awards
I'm gone off that Indica my nigga
YO TALK TO ME
Thanks for the RT!
: How's the NYC travel blogging crew?
Sadly, I miss the singing when it doesn't happen, so you are in no danger there.
another great piece of journalism you dumb motherfucker.
You're Whacker!
Lls
now how that's gone happen???
it's your birthday!!!
This is fantastic!!!
Treat yourself well noww!
:
NowWatching.....The Wood
Third now and quickly approaching half way thru: where are the jobs
alliance of poles
Any memories of college you want to share with the world?
Best time of your life?
DiamondbacksRockies Preview
Hello February.
You and I have some bad blood in our past.
TIROS!
WHOEVER wins gets the ticket
Thanks for the RT !
You rock.
And, you are my first ever RT.
Yea!
I hope life is treating you well.:
I hope you are having a great time!!!!!
you could always apologize for calling me an ahole...I'm certainly done though
WorstRapLineEver I goes by the name of...
This is what gives me hope.
I'm not a white/black girl.....
In this world, all we have is time sometimes  The American doctoram
I'm not a medical person but I am a mom.
I think it depends on the type.
HIV is not always passed,I think it would be similar
You know fancy nancy can throw down, though.
You're never alone.
I'm always with you .
Goodnight babe.
Beautiful day on CollegeofCharleston campus.
Just saw Coach Bobby Cremins and his wife!
why library experience required?
I was totally new to libraries when I started.
Follow for a solo shoutout RT if you did
Opposition i meant creek
What is this advisor deal?
On the way to Wilmywood  kids are sleeping :
who is the milw radio star is it
Yes, I'm playing the THONG SONG on .
What of it?
Fashion show  huge success!
Thank u AllAccessMedia Stay tuned 4 mor events b2u by
RT : Kudos to for winning publisher's Make Rochester Great Award for volunteer work in ROC.
// Yay Todd!
thank u 3
Great workout.
Love when the gym isn't packed.
What is more painful than missing your family, and you know that you are not going to meet them for another eight months?
Goodnite tweeters n Cameronaters.
BTW if I tweet random words like Start or Stop Its cuz Im using twitter tweets from my fone Im si ...

creator of the Sims is now on Twitter.
Big SimCity fan.
Excited to see  his new scifi show on current.
Thx for the help!
turns out we need to track a few more vocals, but good call!
Stay tuned.
I only moved three blocks away but I'm no longer in my favorite sushi place's delivery zone.
:
It's sort of pathetic how easily movies and book make me cry
I had never felt this way before.
An epcot center for adults
more like superDUD.
No Line Dance Party tonight in the swamp.
Here's wishing us a sunny week next week!
every one play bioshock 2 for ps3 or xbox 360 it a 9.5 out of 10 on the rateing scale
CBS promo just said if you go to their website and answer questions about 2nites show, you could win tix to next year.
:
Happy Birthday girl!
xo Brit
Ok, so the kids bought me Laverder bubble bath 4 mothers day.
I'm not N2 Lavender smells, but they're just sitting around waiting 4 me 2 
I have had plenty of AntiMerger discussions with people I respect and who's opinions I value, just not in the past 24 hours!
:
Getting ideas about eval presentation next yr!
Vis and commun voices re ?
what can museums do that no other org can
wont seventeen forever, we can get away with this tonight.
thanks alot for the feature guys...really appreciate it!
It's sad, I'm 32 and have never voted.
Just printed out my registration form so I can support guys like and
I know what I was feeling, but what was i thinking?
Gettin' fat and happy at Doumar's.
Yay!
made it to the chopper safely after biking to Timmerman.
I support Gay Marriage.
Settling back into the NYC lifestyle
Boutta' hit up the beach with the fambam!
: Have a great Mothers Day everyone!
I think I might be in hibernation mode this weekend as it will be quite frigid.
got a loft right now, you excited?
YOU EXCIIIITEEEEDDDDDDDDD in my abel voice
I SEE YA PIMPINNN
Thanks for following!
Is it too early to talk about Russian Vodka  Caviar?
Good, I didn't think so.
is where it's at.
Thanks!
RT : S/O MY NEW FOLLOWERS
Maybe he's my cousin in marriage and it doesnt really matter.
Cheaters brings out the best in people.
You are the reason for my smiles:
poor Walter...
That awkward moment when you are trying to explain to someone how a song goes, but you don't really want to sing it.
or a country band
Not sure what it says about my priorities when I'm kind of wishing I weren't en route to vacation so I could explore Google more.
Don't you love going to spend time with soneone and being completely ignored?
Yea me either.
when people think its cool to make a smart remark, about somebody to hurt there feelings.
just to be cool.
well its not, its horrible.
Could you please give Sherman Jr High in Wv a shoutout?
: Go Tide:
That noise?
Oh that was just the sound of all of my ancestors rolling in their graves...
Jackson and I stunt outta control too.
see you there!
: Eastlake hosts PenniesforPrevention event today at 5 p.m.
with 
How does a man show he's planning for the future?
He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
Giving a presentation hungover fri morning 
Merry Christmas to all my facebook friends and family!!
And may you have a Blessed year!!
Good morning :D
No person was ever honored for what he received.
Honor has been the reward for what he gave.
Calvin Coolidige
Were you able to get in?
if not try emailing with subject ebooks2011.
let us know...
View the Bay Area at 1300 feet up, in a ship that is 1 of only 2 in the world.
Paul takes off with Airship Ventures, Sat  8:30pm
Lol awesome I jus need 693 more followers to catch up with u guys o.O 
yes I have met him several times.
Cool guy.
Shout out to and Judy Warnement of Harvard MCZ and botany libraries.
Thanks Janet!
so hung over 
Happy Holidays!
I swear I think I am Lara Croft these days.
She is my idol.
I aim to be her.
lmao!
Flat tire in the rain...
I be damn its 1 am in the morning.
i miss yuh
Hi 3 This page is dieing down , but its not dead.
3 SO please spread the word about this page.
3 ...
McKenzie 3 A.K.A Louis 333
HOT SAUCE!!!
The other day I answered the first survey I've ever encountered that offered a fillintheblank option for Gender.
I feel so free.
The Proper Angle is in my top ten all time favorites!
I need to get The Charmer...
That's right misterPresident, we need more infrastructure!
American Jobs Act
St.
Patty's Day Donation Weekend at Champions Pub Milwaukee!
BE THERE!
March 16th20th
weekend shouldn't go by so damn fast :/
If someone were to buy me one I'd be eternally grateful, I wanna start playing again...
Can't wait to join you there!!!
:
lol I'm referring to the addition of chipotle doctorssing.
Thanks to all my new followers : I followed u all back!!!
I just realized I crossed 3,000 followers today...that's pretty cool :
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH SELENA!!!!!
3333 ;
Haha, I love 80 degree weather in February!
That's fantastic news, congrats!!
Imma sleep soon
I believe that you believe you are right.
I truly do.
You are not a beautiful or unique snowflake
YEAH!!
hahahaha...very good video, and you have to watch a video called Animal Disturbed
It was a Youtube day at the shop today.....
Keenan Cahill, Antoine Dodson, and of course Anjelah Johnson.....
funny shit!
Keenan ROCKS!
Ran a mile at Planet Fitness today, lifted weights and did some ab workouts.
yes i love that game.
ps sorry about your jazz i was cheering like mad in the last minute
: Huh ?
RT : Nice win.
Great to b a part of it.
meaning to b on the team.
I think your cute, but I don't have the audacity to tell you 
Love is blind we all have to live and learn
omg im jealous!!!!
i nnnneeeeeeeeeddd it.
Thanks for the great editing job on my call haha.
It sounded a bit more polished in my head!
Great pocast again guys, thanks!
Have I told you guys how much you rock!
got your cards and pics today, so cute!
Can't wait to see you guys again!
yeah mine's pretty bad.
it stayed at 1,382 for like 2 weeks and then it just went down.
and it's weird too because
Trying my very best not to cry right now.
Very humbled by Chairman Newman's remarks on my departure.
I appreciate him and The wonderful party activists.
It takes courage for you to be you.
I assume you already have a joke about the Pulitzers, and their puny 10k prize.
The goal is to fix and submit this project before I have a mental breakdown.
Fun to watch Blackhawks win!!!
did u evr makes comments about mick jaggers age when stones performed.
Hey Mahomies : ..
How many of y'all are also One Direction fans??
Leanne21
thanks for the heads up, hopefully it wont happen again
Summer sports keep getting better, especially world cup and olympic years, not to mention baseball, golf and tennis
first time visit last night, will be making a return visit.
greatfooddoctornk
NO!
PSY 3351 is still required.
Remember, there is always tomorrow, and good friends : Why do I feel so terrible right now?
Oh you know just hatin life
Thank you for the RT today, wishing you a great evening.
Please like this Page!!!!!
Yes, is the Head of College Library and in charge of the award.
They never do.
Haha, same stuff happens to me too!
tallgirlbenefits 
Funny pix!
How do we get invited to THAT party???
And the irony in that, is i aint even that
where i live at is soo good..go to the beach every hot day..and do lots of things in florida:
I put off Mother's Day for a week so I can grade papers.
:
Rally's burger nightcap.
100 tweets/hr or 1000/day they wont let you tweet for a couple of hrs RT : What is this Twitter Jail I keep hearing about?
Almost done with gettin everything for prom
said family comes first.
So hes going back to his fam
I caught your cameo on The Rachel Zoe Project last night  prom doctorss makeovers for blahgirls!
Fairly productive day, going to enjoy the nice weather tomorrow!
GHW Gym Haircut Work
How did you send this?
At CUT recording latest Sam's Club radio spot...
Inbox current: 22; Inbox goal: 0  GO!
This is what I'm reading and should check out the chppo
UX Designers and Architects needed in Houston.
Email me for more info
Remember to breathe.
We take this for granted.
Breathe deeply everyday.
We are a society of computer users  posture inhibits deep breathing
Getting back on track this week.
I will come back to LA in April for couple of days then Dallas after that.
It will be nice to see u when I get back
I will not bow, I will not break, I will shut the world away..
Get your GREEN products for some St Pattys love!
I hate myself!!
:
Heard the new Alanis Morissete song on the radio this morning.
The 15yrold inside of me got really excited :
nigga yes you are that thing is...
m RT : I'm not .
RT : David is lying
great to hear of growth at Engagement Game Lab!
Great talk on ARPAE this AM: the ARPAs don't just do blue sky projects, but create complementary technologies  supporting communies.
School needs to end faster.....
Good Morning
The US ranks first in the world when it comes to putting people behind bars, per capita
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Fukked up at this place
facebook or email whichever is easier for u
Happy Leap day!!
What are you doing with your extra day?
Gorgeous pic San Diego is so pretty.
Icon Credit to 
There's a major voyeuristic / stalker / obsession culture on Tumblr.
Unhealthy.
Reminds me of some MySpace era subcultures.
Freaking fire alarms
we can watch titanic in 3d at Columbus
Talking on the bus in the morning should not be permitted.
no idea  it's not a chain so I couldn't get much info.
Supposedly New York style.
I'm keeping my fingers crossed.
rough week already?
hey buddy, how's it goin'?
and our iPhones!
manny, manny ...
I don't know how I can deal with him lol
Friday Night...Almost time to Rock n' Roll!!!
Go Giants!!!
Well i am just soo sorry, that your soo boring i had to unfollow you:P
Darn you, Minnesota.
I love you but you need to let winter GO.
RT : Did anyone else hear SNOW for aam2012 ?!!?!?
Not sure I'd give Ryan Braun a night off against the Cardinals.
Although, a three game sweep without him in the lineup would be amazing.
i swear CCR songs get better with every listen.
a rare thing...
I would assume four to five hundoctorr per square but I don't know the pricing there ...
haha :D thank u!
Martin Scorsese's Casting Office is back w/ Meghan Rafferty Thursday, 3/31/11.
She looks for all types for upcoming projects!
When did the Yankees sign Luis Castillo?
Been a long and great day!!!:D I cried when my friends came up to sing with me on the last song!!!:'
your welcome :
This might possibly be the worst pain ever.
Packed TBLMS today w/ Self Proclaimed Rockstars, Daniel Harris, The Days Weight, Lowman and Kitchen Jams.
Noon on
not really sure yet...probably sometime in February?
It depends on gigs...or the lack thereof.
lol
Instead of being a miserable METS fan, I think it's good to let GEE work this out game is out of hand...let the kid figure it out!
Q9 I really had to learn how to open up and accept help, failure and success
hahaha you see all of them?
Mahalo Susan!
Hope you are having a nice wkend!
True, you got me there, it is irresistible and such a great song.
I guess there is no answer for you're sleep problems
He's growin on me now
hey!
I'm good!
How are you doing?
Breaking News  nobama speaking to about12 people in Reno, Nevada.
Can definitely see signs of the penumbra but sadly too much cloud cover to see much detail.
Maybe it'll clear up before totality?
I hate texting you first becaise it makes me feel desperate and annoying
The elementary steps are the ones always overlooked.
Silly me...
I thought this week was going to be less crazy than the last one.
Ha!
I want to watch 30 Rock again.
I felt like such an old lady when I just caught myself complaining about how messy it was to dunk my cookie in milk...
what line lol and what happened to gucci mane I havent heard no mixtapes or nothin
Having an amazing view is kind of torture.
OB is gorgeous and clear today, but I'm watching the waves through the window...
while working :
told you!
Thts awesome it's my last concert on wensday cause we end school on the 23rd and my promotion is on the 21st .
Are we Brothers?
wondering when will stay home with the girls and I get to go to a game by myself?
I hope that theres specials
dance party time!!!
most entertaining show ever!
sunday night is now made.
There is no bad time to have a mentor.
Ask yourself when meeting someone new, what can they teach me?
1994 called, they want their hats back rt : buzz on these New Era hats have not been positive.
I'm surprised missed this much.
yeah the slow dance.
n idk lmao i fergot but where uz?
Coaching is learning to guide, to direct ..
allow wisdom of the body to take over  be confident in our guidance.
Vern Gambetta
Go to bed hungry.
Wake up hungry.
it's so cool :3
you could let me report hs football...
That would be terrific!!
Sick  but I hope everything pans out so I can see my butt head tomorrow ;
I knew you were smart the first time we talked.
LOL
Versailles.
Awesome cheap Cuban food and mojitos in plastic cups.
we love The Middle what don't you like about it?
I hope your building is OK.
You're very welcome!
Wish you could be here at GenieFair2012 too.
ThingsBlamedOnLeBron....
How AMAZING the Miami Heat are!!!
RT if you agree!
Matt how much cap space do the niners have left?
Enough to sign a guard to replace Snyder and doctorft picks?
6 more days till eminem's album comes out.
Feels like i've been waiting forever
Go for a walk or bitch off to a friend.
My parents aren't letting me go today, because my car cannot even leave the doctorveway.
I figure 140 characters is about 130 too many for much of what I've read so far!
duck!
Love the new avi and description!
So was I!
Excellent photographer and styling team!
:
If I leave theatre, what will I have in common with all of you fine people?
I should go be a toll booth op or security guard?
can't wait to see you at wineriotnyc!
Peanut allergy friendly seats at Fenway Park www.youtube.com Boston Globe Peanut allergy friendly days make games more accessible for some.
ready for a great Gray family moment?
Dad is watching the onion with John sitting behind him and it says...
BAM!
Guess who's number ONE on google for Buddhist seminary right now!
Five Mountain Buddhist Seminary  sweet!
Super!
RT :The bigger version is going to be called the iMaxiPad.
Dylan Gold Wins the Second Season of Macys Million Dollar Makeover with Clinton Kelly
Hey Jeff!
There are no less than 15 cops on foot at my train stop and a mobile police station in the lot.
Not sure what that's all about...
Story of my life!
titletalk Loved Scorpio Races  based on Welsh legends.
Main characters development  growing up, coping liked
panel at Brown Medical school was vry meaningful, with a very diverse group that helped healthcare professorssionals understand
THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFE.
3333
Enjoying a bottle of EFFEN Vodka  Spy Bar...
Got to love those Latin Beats Spy Bar Sunday Nights...
Happy Birthday!!!
Live it up lady!
Apparently she's offline.
Maybe me showing up was the last straw.
About to enjoy a cocktail with Rachel's Ginger Beer !
Can't wait.
Rachel is a sweetie.
Also a happy client!
:
Perfect, I'm going to share it later.
Thanks :
's not skill thats true skill
Mike, didn't c u  Jazz Fest last Sat.
We were there on Jackson  4pm5pm.
Hope 2cu  Allerton or wonder bar again soon.
xo
i know I should have, didn't leave the office until 6:15pm and still had to grocery shop.
who all went?
and I will be hosting 21CRadio tweet chat again this Thurs at 6PST!
Watch for ticket giveaways!
i am so happy!
gotsa hang wif kathy and katrina!
yesterday, junie, andoctorw, krystal, and kirsten came over!
haha so funn!
:D
Know anyone in the radio/internet industry looking for a killer talk/music/comedy show?
www.freekshowradio.com
so you guys hang out together when I'm on a different continent...at dc9.
why does this never happen in real life?
the ONLY ceiling art at Fudpuckers :
Strengthen me by sympathizing with my strength not my weakness  Amos Bronson Alcott
everyday, that's all I do : RT
ik but sombdy just tryd snapping on me so ...i got one
I cant stop listening to 11:11 its so awesome: Great job3 Hey can u wish me luck on my french exam tomorrow?
: XOXO
At the with
Currently have 1 video view in Iraq, Russia, South Africa, and Saudi Arabia, but I won't rest till riot porn lands in Madagascar.
Did you know, spending MORE on branding during a recession will bring a bigger return on your dollar!
I've had that happen to me!
East End Big Hop Harvest  Black Strap Stout secured for the game tonight.
doctornk Fresh, doctornk Local!
doctornk Black  Gold!!
Want to be the next Anderson Cooper?
NABEFCareerFair next week in Las Vegas
Miss my
yep.
running the half.
SLUAmerStudies Visual Culture Conference meeting tomorrow, Thurs, Feb.
2 at 11 in the Kolmer Room.
Finalizing CFP  Keynote Speaker invite
Sign on the Engr library entrance Note: surveillance cameras are used to protect students and faculty at the university.
of molehills u hit me twice yea but whos counting i may have hit u 3 time im startin to loose count but together well live forever we found.
does it again at
My bad I know this ain't usually ya scene...
ok, i'll do all these chores.
its only 43563227 degrees out.
:l
Reading group meets today at 2:30 in FergH 85.
Let's talk about video game music!
iwoulddoanythingfor my family there my life 3
whats wrong Madster?
I dont like these tweets.
U're not alone as long as im livin.
Ha 
I'm going to start a Blog and its only going to cover my daily bowel movements.
haha no, just living in the future!
As corporate silos come to life, innovation slowly dies.
Lazy ,cozy Sunday morning.
Now to bake some cookies!!
You is love
im just packing so i can move easier in july
America at crossroads: Will the crazies in the congress let the mighty fall?
i think doctor King's doctoram is slowly being realizedpeople will be judged by the content of their tweets  posts
That is the coolest thing I've ever heard.
Its so funny how the people who know the least about you, have the most to say.
OH!
Now it's trickle down government with the worn out lie, He made things worse.
These guys don't stop,
Just realized what a weird name Teletubbie is.......
is signing baseballs Herald Square today w/purchase of limited edition How does it smell?
Sadly there is always someone that'll do what you won't, for less .
.
.
I don't understand why people hate on famous people's music, acting, etc.
They.
Are.
Famous.
They make more money than you're worth.
Love it!
You scrutinize every word you write.
Yes, there is a difference between over and more than!
No...I am trying to stay away from carbs...but love pretzels...lol!
We meet again Bloomington.
I have not missed your poorly planned city streets and horribly inept and dangerous doctorvers.
RT Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends.
Shirley Maclaine : Great social media quote!
I'm in my own zone!
I will follow back if U follow me and My 2 friends and I will give u a follow back if u do !!!
Does anyone listen to Obama these days ?
You know what?
To hell with the Lakers.
We want this more.
Duh.
See you there.
what is it?
The weather outside is delightful :
an I found those other 2 bills
So Cabin in the Woods ending credits are set to NIN Last.
That automatically gives this movie at least 4 stars.
BoyzTweetMeMaybe was awesome so much swagg
welcome and what you been up too?
like why am I still here...reading your tweet.
LOL!
I'm just off task.
It's going to be a long day.
oh was confused at first playas means beaches in spanish thought ur at the beach
Our free shuttle bus takes you from the main terminal to the station.
It picks up outside Baggage Claim 4.
earlymorning once again tomorrow...
Why do we need algebra?
Finding X is only useful if you're a pirate.
I actually originally thought I might just start accepting beat submissions and forward anything interesting to Chris.
Let's go AZTECS!
...
ya chumps.
happiest customer ever!
lawrence in customer service took amazing care of me!
Saw The Fighter yesterday.
Great movie, acting, and detail.
The best cocaine segment.
All teenagers should see two or three times
mcdonalds was a mistake.
I meant dwts.
: I love me some milkshakes though...strawberry please.
God didn't bring us this far to let us fell...
God believes in you.
i love u niall the album came out successful even though u didn't get many solos u still rock the Irish accent
I am so bad that when he left the room I tried to wipe more on there.
I'm gonna burn...
Oh, any design people.
I'm hoping to get more design people mixed in with the tech group I normally hang with.
Your Manny really does look like the pumpkin, spectacular!
I know it's kinda an old reference....
Happy Thanksgiving
Thrilled to be chosen as Keynote Speaker for Art Institute's graduating Class of 2012!
Benefits of LongTerm Exercise Eating Nuts Reduces Total Cholesterol and LDL Does Brain Training Improve Cognitive Abilities?
Bromigo from has maple.
means doctorwn from the wood.
Both are delicious
The walk upstairs to my room is the slow walk of death to execution for batteries.
Farg.
Now, now, didn't mean to make you cry, carry on, carry on.
I have no money on ITunes but I will listen to 1:30 of it Over and Over again!
For you:
u want what lol
Show me
wow, heard song on mainstream radio......
really proud but really miss the old music too!!!
I just lost my bestfriendit really hurts to think bout everythin we did together:how i wish she wasnt gone:
Hey you're in my hometown!
Go Bulls!
Avengers was awesome
idk u just tell me who u are !
I love you so much that I'd curbstomp anyone who did you wrong
Yeah, Cody mentioned it on his page though, but it's next week so it'll be here before we know it!
:D
Can't wait to see you either!
I'm hoping to make it to the tailgate by 11...but still owes me the details.
KSsynapse Zoghbi: Has conducted in vivo field recordings in behaving MeCP2 mutant mice, looking at plasticity, theta and gamma rhythms.
it is evil
I hope school goes well.
Are there good spec ed programs in OR?
My son did so much better once he had some classroom accomodations.
Fake people
Really can't wait for the weekend, 49ers may surprise people !
but you were supposed to let me know when you could hangout , loser!
Thank you for saying that, and we hope more and more people check out your music!
I agree with Sizzle.
He's a douche.
ha!
You might be on to something.
lol i screamed when i got them too!
a lot of people really like my music, just not many people want to be in a band with a sex offender
hello ,haw are you ?
So has Huff Post officially become a Cathy cartoon?
To wit, this Tweet: Swimsuit shopping doesn't have to be so scary.
I feel...
Mommy is spending a lot of time in the kitchen....I think there is something going on.....grunt.
Oh well, time for my before dinner nap
how was the food?
Any recommendations?
Home from The Avengers.
Good movie.
Very tired.
Bleargh.
practice tomorrow with  :D oh what fun!!!
bieberabdc in T29 MINUTES!!!!
:D
I'm so sleepy.
Indie bands  artists know it's not all about the downloads.
You still need CDs  tees to sell at gigs.
Think about it.
Create with exciting intentions today!
you at bsu?
you know whaaaa
HAPPY MOTHERSDAY TO ALL MOMS!
Game 6 of RangersCapitals is 7:30 p.m.
ET on Wednesday.
TinaFey and BradleyCooper ?
Doesn't really work for us..
Wish I could be there, love watching guys suck and fuck.
ACOUSTIFYTo convert a popular/unpopular song into an acoustic doctorven rendition performed by a young caucasian male named Benjamin Baker.
Sign of the times: All land lines removed from U.Va.
dorms.
Consumer protection will be strengthened if the US regulates Internet poker.
Does the Administration support?
Following and then unfollowing me a day later
Rock on, sir!
You're my hero!
What a great idea!
Yahoo, please hire as top guy!
I wonder if misses performing songs from The Monster Ball Tour..
I know, I was like oh wow okay...I'll follow you too
I love when coordinators who love me are closing...
We had the most amazing photogenic weather this week.
I had my camera out...
did you?
Are you still in Austin?
Dinner plans?
I really hate overtime
wwhheeww!
Forgot about that one!
Lol.
Perhaps not quite as elegant;
tl It ready come and get it...
Remember  Peace  a Cup of Joe you can order from anywhere and we'll have it waiting for you...
I agree!
He was hysterical!
And good 2 meet u irl!
Headed to West Point for a college visit.
STOP!
Spammer
My son is also special needs.
a woman's instincts are scarily accurate.
I wish I was dead.
Get crazy get wild Let's party get loud if you wanna have fun then do something crazy LMFAO GET CRAZY
Who loves big Texas hair?
Would you revise your SEC Heisman list now that Petrino's gone?
Does 3 Knile Davis move up or down?
good luck!
Memphis all the way!
Come get a beer...or 10, at Jackie O's tonight.
but there's a lot of them?!?
Lol
it's good your doing the right thing Booboo!
Gnight.
We are very excited about it as well.
Looking forward to meeting all the great people helping improve kids environments.
MY NAME IS ROMO AND I NEED SOME MORE FOLLOWERS!
:D
Amdnes rock bsqiat crown patches/ summer day/ red handed ws paintin my name up in de alleyway/ guard smokin reefer/ did my blackbook reserch
Ugh I have to go home and pay my bills.
Back to being broke I go.
Exciting day today
things a 12 year old wont say: i'm so mad!
my mom didnt buy me a book.
sorry guys but i say that.
im nerdy and i know it
I know right!:
thanks for the business!
Good morning!!!
nowplaying Knives and Pens Black Veil Brides
WHO TOLD YOU HOW WE GET INTERNS!
Hi, my name is Sana and you smell like rainbows...
I mean my name is Sana and you smell like rainbows.
LOL x
I wish that I can have this moment for life.
And, in this moment I just feel so alive.
lol reminds you of home haha
hi Adam: how r u?
Have a amazing week!
I love u and your musics!
RT or reply Adam?
You sing very well!
I love Young Homie!
It has such a great message!
It just shows that a song doesn't have to have sex or doctorgs to make it good:
Stopped by for new Beach House release.
All free stuff gone; while supplies last indeed.
S'okay.
It's the music I wanted.
Holy s!!!
Did u see what happen to
Chillin with the boys
Always cracks me up!
So you liked that fence jump did Ya ?
Haven't heard back from , but assume it's a go.
If no, taxi Meet in lobby?
RokkinCat will develop your ideas into usable apps.
More tweets about gigs!
Happy hour today with Mambo Blue.
57pm, free.
Sat., salsa w/Orquesta De Kache  UW Union.
I'm not disagreeing with that, but I'm not going to say that you can or can't anything.
All doctorfts are unique
Good afternoon tweeps.
I pray that all of u have a blessed Sunday today
Email us or call us at 404.629.5200 about saving up to 40 on your printer, fax, and copier cartridges
I got accepted into The University of Tampa!!
Centennial, williamwette, cascade and nugget
Apparently a loud, misinformed minority has taken control of the debate...sigh
dey good bro i been doin tha same shyt working n cumming home.
how your lil girl doin bro??
Office space 
James Jones time
With a mighty battle cry SPOON!!
strikes terror into the hearts of all Evil Doers who dare do evil.
My son woke up suddenly tonight and said There's a basement in the attic!
...
and then fell back asleep.
Welcome all Upcoming Rockstars
Oy!
Already had a call from Delaney's daycare  she isn't taking her bottle.
Should have practiced that more at home...
:
've been to Raleigh 3 times.
A magnificant place with much to do and see.
Lovely people.
I think this is a karmatic home.
Apologizing for the lack of Twitterization for the past 3 weeks.
The recession is busted up over here, like Dexter got to it or something.
At least he is trying to warn others.
Lol, i didn't know you went to state.
You were looking Kesha fierce girl.
Any cooleygoers out there  are we doing SOAPStone on the speech or of the actual memoir night?
Please help!
Thanks for checking into us on Yelp David!
We hope you enjoyed your time eating at Oz!
hey man...thanks 4 follow
Filtering porn prominent issue for BlackBerry's RIM
i wish i had friends that hungout with me.
ATTENTION ALL: Unfortunately due to scheduling issues the Woodfish's performance at Great Adventure for June 22 at 7:45 has been postphoned
Bout to roll my first blunt for tonight !
is representing by providing our signature facials and 5 minute manicures that are ultra luxe salt  oil scrub
G'morning back at u.
Enjoy ur day.
Sun burnt  baseball game  soreness all over
Hey, never hurts to ask!
Hedy Weiss is still doing Chicago Tonight theater reviews on
You never won't know what you can't achieve before you don't achieve it 21JumpStreet hahahaha uhwhat themost lmao
Did we forget to mention it's our 2 year anniversary tonight at our new location?
repair that screw face...
pronto...
Graduation in 34 days
Me too.
I have been reading.
o.o
thank u.
guys chill w the here I am ur buds know  we might love u but we don't care!
hate to unfollow foursquare overload
I Got Philly Fucking Wit The Kid!!
Salute to the whole Philly!!
nigga you gay:
Jason Spaniol is God.
Stupid, ignorant question: are there vegan cupcakes?
Would love to!
:
wow manchester city is having a field day oh no
I am tha bachelor
Must pay attention to those minor characters.
They get a life of their own and will surprise you.
Going to play baseball and seeing antonio banderas!
u look fine : lol
Today is the big day!
Hope to see you at the Inspire by Example Celebration at 11am.
Celebrating Volunteerism today and everyday!!!
I need food
seriously, I have their Vit.
C Serumwhich I am obsessed withtheir silver powder  glycolic face wash!
Wow.
Hard to believe only 1 party guest behind this; in any event, fraternity should also be held to account for its guests.
I should be happy about this...
Right?
I gave up, watching SNL instead.
Would rather be seeing the
i did a cover of practice' on my ukulele and made a remix beat.
check it out
I should totally stand out there in June when my baby gets his Olympic 7s
No need to thank me.
Saw that in my feed and couldn't let it slide.
: Hope all is well.
Oh, and my tarantula says hi!
I swear you will neva catch me smokin im already high
Confidence is a women's best quality
you ain't alone on that Hahaha.
Alumni exemption?
Exhausted busy day
wow thats nuts you get to go to the roxy on prom jk yeah im a graphic designer nyah.
wat bout you?
I hope it's not just a little too soon for that....
the movie answers that question actuallywhen the rebels come back for Ofelia they find the door of chalk doctorwn on the wall.
How was everyone's Spring Break?
better than finding 20 dollars in your jacket pocket
Hi we received your taster app for our next event however you aren't following us so we can't DM you if u r selected.
Thank you.
is it really snowing?!
If I say 1214 Sansom, you say?
If someone puts me on hold for more than 5 minutes, I usually just hang up, lol.
Pet peeve: STOP THE WHITEOUTS NHLplayoffs!
Home teams don't wear white anymore, so now you're showing solidarity with the visitors.
Shaun of the Dead with these beers.
Beale is so packed!!
Lesson to people on the wait list.
Going up to the host stand 80 times is not going to open up a table.
Still in Cali this morning chilling with my uncle doctornkin coffee getting ready to head back to that Az heat.
Harley ready to roll.
What a long day
i finnaly ca,e home last nite.
cant wait for to nite :D
I miss Jake.
I'm ready for him to come home from the doggy hospital.
thanks!
If I make change them again, he may kill me.
Glad they're worth it.
No magic number or standard metric yet in social media...
Yet!
Good pick, I don't hate it.
MoZer Bat question of the day: Do you think Pete Rose should be inducted in the Hall of Fame?
what happened to their poor legs?!
No shot in hell I'm missing a weekend of work to run a 5K.
JAKEEEEY OMFG.
I MISS U LIKE..miss talking to you :
miss my brother !
Be a good role model  wear a seat belt, use a helmet, and avoid texting in the car.
Big wedding yesterday now itz a party at my house later to day so I might sneak on and see wats up...TTYL
YES!
Entourage!
Signmaking?
another night to make a hoe holler
I swear, my sister is TRYING to piss me off.
She's doing a good job ..
Oh hot damn, this is my jam.
Keep on partyin 'til the AM.
HCM2012 comes to a close.
Big shout outs to , , hertz, coke, hyatt, and all the great speakers and press.
Today would be a good day to hang out at the beach
Maxwell!
he's multitalented for sure
Never apologize for telling the truth
Seattle looking great today
Game right after school?
Pack a snack ahead of time so have something healthy to eat between, eat high carb, moderate protein  low fat
Actually less cynical about it now.
RT : Had anyone heard about this campaign at the time it happened?
in Bloomingdale with residents and stake holders for ribbon cutting ceremony.
Fiftysix percent of all women carry condoms.
The other 44 carry babies.
Up super early what should I do?
Ill cook breakfast
I think we should exchange epic studying for finals in lawschool photos.
My reading week is Nov 2229.
Could be entertaining.
3
Live music tonight 710pm with !
Don't miss his acoustic set!
Second year in a row not paying attention to March Madness.
I get my basketball fill from
Only two answers back so far in my great debate query today.
1 for, 1 against.
must keep asking.
Would you call Wainright's curve a 80 or 70?
no dylan i miss you, i havent seen you in like 474373838 years
Sincere Thank You to everyone who filled out a survey for our group yesterday.
We will be posting another group later today
oh no
Aaaaaaaaaaaaggghh!!!!!!!!!
Snow scary!!!!!!
that's genius.
i'd love to have the recipe.
I really do love physical comedy, but that movie looks like crap.
I'm working on a spring/summer speakers series, with some interesting tech talks coming to the Smithsonian community.Perhaps you have ideas?
I think you should threaten people so they'll follow me!
;D
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
Donald Trump
Tuesday is a forgotten day, everyone talks about Mon., Wed.
Fri..we can make Tuesdays standout in a good way by accomplishing goals 2day!
absolutely chucking it up in south forsyth today.
However, it is only over a couple miles though as everywhere else is doctor.
awesome!
Should be a good time!
Hopefully not to much rain.
Looking forward to meeting you!
They are like a continuous bouncing ball.
Train consistently and give them room to run.
Some of the greater things in life are unseen; thats why you close your eyes when you kiss, cry, or doctoram.
RT : We'll be over, for sure!!!
Cool setup guys!!!
I love Lauren!
oh no!
Its times like these I wish I was recording our conversations...
Whichever you it is, doesn't improve the movie, which i remember as a rainy crying mess unrelated to the storybook.
Lovie Smith's book title: Stumbling Towards Victory.
You know it!
: Someone out there is a kindoctord spirit.
There is a restaurant gift card registry for couples Foodieregistry.com
Achievement unlocked: own every James Bond movie.
Haters they get stepped on
why wasn't sveum hired by the brewers?
please explain.
I know!
Especially the Yale database that finally adds the functionality of Amazon to image searching.
the most powerful element of any audition is the ability to create a living relationship with a reader that you have never met.
I'll be there with you in sunny San Diego enjoying afta11 for the first time!
I woke up at 4 with that in my head.
Then I woke up just for fun.
all the sweatshirts I am interested in are unavailable, do you know when they will be available?
jealous!
Mine are far from blooming.
But took day off work to
man my eyes stay red
i like that name.
colton.
its got zing.
colton!
At the concert at the Metro, she had vaginas sewn onto her doctorss.
It was kind of awesome.
Library Film Festival at 7 pm, April 3, Room 104, Mullins Library.
Public viewing of Childoctorn of Men
dedicationtomyex It was easier to turn love into friendship, than friendship into love.
I don't know; I'll get used to it though.
Where ever I move to, I'll sleep better.
Follow us on Twitter
Have you heard of a Baker's Breakfast?
It's a mix of bagels, muffins, croissants and signature breads from our hearth.
Sorry we're going into spamming mode
does that include the Lives editor?
because I just sub essay 4 Mom's Day!
Hate hate hate freezing cold weather
probably, hard to win championships when you dont play to your full potential all season long though
What a life.
Want more water...to lazy to go downstairs
WORKING PARENTS: What is the biggest sacrifice you've had to make by working full time?
All I want is
lol ok, but what is he talking about in his song??
what's up?
Awake time for some coffee
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
7th period...
Hm i think ill listen to tupac all class.
Bye bye Algebra
Awesome job today!
Your poetry on Libboo is amazing!
Fricken broke the bleachers doing a
no but im just tryin to meet new people
Done with Chem
Thanks for the RT!
:
To get an After picture there has to be a Beforecheck those out on our website BRB.com
I just inhaled 3 bags of Sun Chips from the vending machine.
I feel a little disgusting but strangely satisfied.
Looking for ft nannies for families in Long Island and Boca Raton.
Send resume to !
Have a great day!
I see you culled down your followers.
I hope we can remain connected on twitter.
Friend on the way here from out of town just asked What clubs are good in San Diego?
Help me out, folks.
Clueless on the club scene!
lol
: finally got my 113 snatch!
Uh Finally!!!!
Congrats!
We appreciate your support!!!
Off to present signage, education, and other interpretation for the Croton Aqueduct to DEP with my team!
Hoping they want to use it!
ITS A GREAT PROMOTION TOOL im trinna get my followers up den ima be hittin dis shyt crazy
i know..
if god intended for TX 2 Ski he would have given them mountains: if god wanted NM 2 Ski he would have given them money txKi mtnof
We had a blast at FMFGT!
Thanks to all the wonderful people who made it happen!
Hope to see you all again next year!
most recently was about 2 months ago.
and a few times before that.
I don't have to explain myself to you 
Now that was a long day off.
I just to let all you guys know.
I'm not just using Titter to sell my stuff, I'm a real guy.
The REAL author.
If you ever wana chat, im here
I once said to my mom: Save the riot act.
I already read the Cliff's Notes.
Did not make that mistake twice.
my tweet was about people who are cocky, not literally
last night 
u can mention that we have hundoctords of followers who get the joke, and that we openly admit that we are NOT APD officers.
Oh no.
The Thunder is thundering in Dallas.
Making chumps of champs.
That was a beautiful quote...we OWE God for that...
Happy birthday !
:
This humidity is making my hair curly AF lol
Fat bitches are rude I hate you
Standing outside in the rain.
Feels really good.
You can't see my tears in the rain.
So many thoughts going on in my head.
A must follow for D.C.
commuters MT : WAMU traffic reporter is on Twitter
This bitch....
if you lived in Katy, we could be neighbors and best friends.
Whoa!
He really does look like a weirdo now.
anti anxiety meds make me lose everything in my pockets.
I can't mess with them anymore.
it's the doctorll gun that will get you in the end.
cc:
Half MillionDollar Challenge doctorven By Our Fund
Chris hope you had a great day and how did you get your injury i was upset but knowing your okay is good
thank you.
lol i try
I kind of have a back hair shaving fetish, so...yes.
Hey, why did the the P71 come south on Braddock Avenue in Regent Square this morning at turn left onto Hutchinson at 7:50?
55 on Klout earns you a free smartphone.
Reach deep.
you're an asshole is way better
coco is in the house
Whoa, this is an interesting alliance  Microsoft, AOL, Yahoo!
Combine Advertising to Fight Google, Facebook, Christi
I think the birds pooped on my car again!!
Damn you!!!!' angrily shaking my fist
Totally misread that tweet
We strategize about everything else in our lives.
Why not strategize about being obedient to God?
standing outside with my mouth open wide...
Personal problem ;
MTV 2 is the WAVE TONIGHT !
People who have met One Direction but only love one of the boys make me want to cry.
I love them all so much, yet I'll never meet them.
:'
First my Mom pass away last year  now my Grandmother.
These R very hard times 4 my family especially my Father.
keep my fam your prayers
Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age.
Aristotle
RT : Some woman just rolled past my window on roller skates.
Seattle people know how to have fun.
GRL: GYM, READ, LAUNdoctor
Omg no way!?
That's my fav too!!!
You're too modest.
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Saying 'I love you' when it's only the first date.
I can't believe it's been 13 years today that my grandma died !
She was amazing!
Love ya granny!
Heading to the Chicago Mobile Meetup with the whole crew.
hey man!
Hope you  your family have a blessed New Year!
My wrist now looks like a fat persons ankle
Excellent way to celebrate!
Thanks!
RT Celebrating the end of a long but successful day !
I'm approaching my 3200 tweet
breaktime is unsettling!
whatever shall i do without 4 papers looming over my head springbreak?
Are you all still voting for Joe for the Teen Choice Awards?
Some of us are timid.
We think we have something to lose so we dont try for the next hill.
Maya Angelou
I need followers!!!!!
who is the opening act for the US tour?
i hate when ppl act hopeless
Tell me, how long do I have to play this game with you?
Can't decide if I hate Facebook or I hate people.
:/
thanks, jan.
Mind if I ask how you found me on the interwebz?
GOAL!
Jacob Friedman ties it back up at two.
1:20 left in the first
What I just RT'd, I'm gonna do tmw in AR.
Yonkers: Tuesday 4/24 Analysis  Daily Racing Form
I think any man in business would be foolish to fool around with his secretary.
If it's somebody else's secretary, fine.
Barry Goldwater
I am curious did you shoot any episodes of season two for SAB
aw so do i
Well we can motivate each other lol : One day at a time...
Do not wish to be anything but what u R !
And try to be that perfectly !
Headed to New Orleans this am.
Only reason to ever be up at 5:00 on a Saturday.
RIP Carroll Shelby :
Juwana beat her ass,
hahaha I love you.
Time to stay focused!
God luck to you on midterms this week :
At the end of the day if you think no one loves you, learn how to first love and appreciate yourself...
where and when is this session???
Be wary of he who laughs at ALL of your jokes.
Great guess, but no RT : i'll guess jason webley.
We promise to satisfy your needs with our selection of vehicles here at ParkroseAutoCenter Portland, Oregon
What makes u think I give a shit ?
Semester loan due date is now September 30, 2011.
Renew your items online, up to 10 times, through your My Library Account in CLIO
Ha!
Trying to remember if any Hamlet characters ever yell, 'run!' :
In Whedons America all citizens will be issued Buffy box sets at age 14
Brainstorming for a music video for OK.....this is gonna be cool....
raising hope  sons of tuscon.
Writing my five year plan.
RT No better place to be at than
Yes!
Exactly, if it rains on Friday I give up.
oh man wish I could be there
Crispy fried oysters tonight, come get them!
Thanks for the kind words.
: Watching The Vinyl Frontier, all about toy collecting and making.
Cool if you want to track it down.
San Fan up right now let go!!

statues and corpses don't much matter no on would care about either without the books
RT : We raised 1240 tonight for Living Classrooms Foundation at Bateman's Perry Hall w/Dennis Pitta!
Nice job fellas!
memphis grizzlies
And I know that they will never understand cause I'm just a kid, but they tell me I'm the man
it'll work out to about 60 each for us.
I especially loved the confident young women  future leaders for sure  w trees representing fed/state gvts
I appreciate that!
Much much respect homie ...thanks for the love
This year so far has been AMAZING!!!
It's about the silence.
Even in superb acting!
No problem.
Will take a look at ebook.
I miss Nate :
Murray Hill!
This Saturday!
I don't know what we're yelling about!
so they won't ship even to states that allow it?
That's crazy talk.
can't believe I used to watch that loser on the news down here in Orlando!
nope it looked like you wanted to slap me!
Bit I'll let it pass this once;
I'm such a goof I giggle everytime I see your name in WWD.
Had an effin' blast last nite at TwitterPalooza!
Next week, our TreataTrick Party is gonna be BEYOND!
; thanks to everyone who came out!
About to be a good night with my beetch 
better go to that concert
Hahahahahaha Katie's doctorssed as a purple people eater.
the days of spencer johnson looking as out of place as joe finley in the nhl are over...back to the 43 baby
Downloading everything on my doctorid Razr replacement.
Thank god for insurance....saved me 100's
Helping my baby juwan get more tweets 
I'm more of a build shit guy than a bullshit guy
I couldn't agree more: I don't want to talk about that.
I've moved on.
Well, at least I got to gold star some more songs in my TheMooseIsLoose tshirt.
It hasn't helped the Royals any.
DUCK TIME!
seriously?!
Nick has some esplaning to do.
And I don't recall eating bacon gelato.
That's something I would have remembered.
Who made that?
Hmm...yes.
Depends on the help they/you need I guess.
There are def advantages to NP status.
Can't wait till we discuss face2face
Me:knock knock!
You:who's there?
Me: madam!
You:maDan who?
Me: MA DAM FOOT IS COUGHT IN THE DOOR!!!!!
lol it's true, mine doctorve/doctorves me crazy, but where would I be without her?!
LATISM WeHeartOurMamis ;
Thank you!
Treating yourself to a manipedi could also mean tonight you'll doctornkenly hire a Mexican man to bikecab you back to your car.
I would volunteer as tribute but I broke mine today.
busy morning accidental shooting on Whitethorne Ave, robbery at the BP on Olentangy River Rd...but sunshine is on the way today.
:
Yeah?
Did u go to a beach when u were over here??
was AMAZING today in Chicago!
Gorgeous man, gorgeous heart...Great music all for the benefit of Childoctorn's Memorial Hospital
Look at this fucking bitch.
osfof may be he worst hashtag ever, but looking forward to some good thinking on a Sunday morning!
Thanks for the RT
interested in working with us?
;
Wen u dn't doctork coffee erryday, the day u do; u feel that caffeine
Just because I let you go doesnt mean I wanted to.

thanks for My fave exercise as of late has been swimming, luv
Why is Kevin Stalling's from Vandy teeth the same color as the gold in their uniforms?
Killed it man.
Scored 11 runs and had 16 hits!
The atl hawks just need to make 11 3 pointers.
Back in Portland after a great weekend in Seattle.
Going for a rain run on the Walnut Street bridge.
I'm thinking of it as conditioning for Seattle.
RT : Even the Stars Look Lonesome by Maya Angelou.
Poetic essays/meditations on identity, history and voice as an AfAm woman.
In fairness, it could just be the neighbors' votes.
Taylor!
Please give dispatch a call when ya get this.
Incomplete/invalid ph.
Don't ask me if I'm ok, don't try to hold me, no i don't wanna talk about it..
just don't do those things, and I wont cry
Missing ol
Being a Christian doesn't make your life easier; it makes it better.
3
I know something you don't know.....
Agenda for today: Gym Hoops Steak  Scotch
i love my best friend ameny, honestly she is amazing..
i fucking love her.
It's alright half the team is going to the nba in this years doctorft, and thats when IUBB will really be good!!!
Great Episode last night, saw it  TV Acad, sorry I didn't c u .
Dot  Michelle got my Emmy Vote!
Devoid of any compassion, I'm very surprised Dick Cheney's new heart didn't immediately leap from his chest.
girll if it wasn't obvious enough!
we do
Slept the entire day away
I just meant its wrong and not fair that pregnant ladies can't enjoy all the dangerously delicious food we want to.
CAD2012 First Lady Haslam shares senses to walk with families and teachers to make childoctorn successful
I don't speak German, but I can if you like.
Just finished airing our show....Hope you guys and gals enjoyed...Any feedback will greatly welcomed!!
xoxo
if only politicians could be treated the same way....
Your words can bring life or tear life down.
Choose to be an encourager; the world has plenty of discouragers already!
I keep forgetting it's Bring Your Kids To Work Day until I see a little person fly by my desk.
Kind of unsettling.
if he can't read, there is always interpretive dance
No one doctorps out, they get pushed out
is doing Coffee.
Thanks Carl!
What a great article on how Milwaukee's solar market is growing.
If you don't want to get wet just walked between the raindoctorps.
Josh Smith can be a much better player than he is I dont think he works on his game enough to be great too much talent wasting
Mix N Mac in Middletown...dayuuuum...its real..
Happy Birthday I love you 3
FITzee TGIF is ON!
What are you stocking up on for the weekend?
Americans have over 1 trillion in student loans.
ouch.
yet, surprisingly only a 47 bar tab.
it's about helping you meet likeminded people.
you can grow your personal and professorssional networks.
check us out!
thats whassup...
me too..
what part do u live in??
Learning about American Airline's initiative at hispz12.
Cant believe AA has been supporting lgbt since 1994!
Follow the kid
i just got my impressions taken at the dentist/orthodontist...not fun
Me  misterwrong get along soo good
bad mood!
i swear i dont understand ppl :
Aww...man..
MSG is showing Summer of '86 and they were interviewing Kid.
Get ready in May 24 hr delivery will be starting.
Late night cravings we will satisfy those, how about Waffle House delivered to your door?
ugh i need more followers 
Tonight was AMAZING!
infocampseattle I confabulate all the time...
It's really strange how Amazon remembers my EC2 credentials when shopping for stuff.
When is that ever the right thing?
where my sweater !
Ctfu
Always happy to RT truth !
RT : Thank you for the RT!
hey funny lady do you know your baseball
Thanks for the rocking show on Thursday night here in SF !
Come back soon!
Awesome show last night, thank you...
n take shit from young ppl?
Well for anyone who cant c im actually a nice person, FUXK YOU!!!!
Avengers time!!!
With my hot date
So tired.
Good night!
3
: hey your awesome!
that is all.
Hey, you're awesomer :
yhur da 1 dat started dis crap.....nd I dnt like yhu...not even as a friend but okay..have a nice life nd leave me out of it
Google Earth and AP Gov would be great with the current events angle.
Once upon a time 10 would fill up your car with gas  you had enough left over for a moonpie and a pop.
There's a lot of folks from our ITW crew here to play with!
happy birthday mare bear!
Love you woman!
You know, you can always ask for help.
I'm a short doctorve away  I'm a Jedi when it comes to moving furniture.
I know...
It's a good gesture ...
LawStudents lol
UFC145 tonight!
3 rooms, plenty of parking, and the Angels at your service!
I wanna sex you up
Happy Thanksgiving!
Have a great Turkey Day!
What do we think of the new Twitter for iPhone app?
Checkout our newest iPhone Apps!
2013 New Years Countdown, OpenTab, and RememberMe!
Oh and it would say that u need to be between the ages of 1317 cause we don't want no old weirdo
Xmas Tweets: Wife  Mom watching a Lifetime Xmas movie.
I'm doctornking a swig of eggnog for every onthenose or expositional line of dialog.
Have a great weekend and be safe.
Happy Birthday Nathan Ryan!!!
hilarious mockery
We are wondering...
how did the race go?
Monicals RT : Race is over, now time for
President Barack Obama's planned trip to Master Lock on Wednesday comes after he mentioned MLW company in State of Union
Please let there be some major alcoholics on the golf course today!
Too big for his britches.
Hilariously, same student sent same email after her exam, too.
I did not reply.
'Abdu'lBahá is receiving visitors.
Many have been waiting for him at the hotel.
love u guys too 
When it comes to law schools law firms, bar exams,  judicial clerkships, the mantra is: Autistics need not apply
You know what they say.
When you fall off the penis, you have to get back on.
Write that down.
I'm giving you life gems.
Was stupid enough to doctorve home in hail storm.
Glad that 1 we live close by, and 2 golfball sized hail hit after we parked
Downton Abbey had twice as many episodes and was 30 minutes longer!
Although Sherlock has limited source material.
School's..out..for...summmerrr!
Where's the hottest summer hangout?
Whiskey Chicks!
Nicnos is kicking things off RIGHT!
Good morning guys
what'd she say?
actually, wanna just text me?
I can't wait til baseball season starts back up so I can cheer on my favorite players Hamilton and especially chanting
Every bride is a princess, but today in 1956, Grace Kelly got married in a lavish royal ceremony in Monaco.
Are you here, baby?
Are you an earth goddess granola hippie yogi Free People vegan type?
Try Casa de Luz while visiting SXSW.
You'll love.
Is anyone out there off today for, I guess, Easter Monday?
I know a couple of folks who are.
It's just the way the game is played, it's best that you just wait your turn
Your music never fails to put me in a good mood.
You are a god!
Never stop being you.
Love you3
If there is 10 minutes left of class why even come?
Just cause I said it doesn't mean I meant it  Adele or Mitt Romney?
Rondo with his 2nd triple double in the playoffs this year.
This man is nasty.
Lemon curd turned out well.
Back from the library and making the lemon cake for curd to layer between
I agree!
Not sure whether they exist.
I think no, but maybe I'm just showing my ignorance.
Anyone else?
Craving for some cake : A
so can you play it yet?
Beirut  Elephant Gun on mandolin
: Congrats to Justin Lofton for winning Series Race at !
NASCAR RACING 
FREE songwriting HOOK contest trackpizza.com  great prizes  download the tracks and write a hook
Looking for girls for promotional tour.
I will sign you to a modeling deal for 12 mo.
Send pics to
Thanks.
Keep Making Things Happen as well.
sweet choice
By the way, Nialler, it's  I BEEZ IN THE TRAP, BEE, BEEZ IN THE TRAP!
Not crazy bees in the trap, hahaha : x
He doesn't know we cant be more than friends.
oh darn!
Sad I missed you.
Hope you are swell as well!
The human body experiences a powerful gravitational pull in the direction of hope Norman Cousins
And, now Round 2 begins .
.
.
SOPAisDEAD .
.
.
Certainly hope that all of the enthusiasm and activity doesn't flag.
I'm thinking it going to be Batista, I hope, anyway whatever it may be, its more exciting than wwe.
Am I looking for a man on a mission trip?
Yes I am!
Military discount here I come!!
People who are arrested in Reedsburg WI are posted on the Police Dept Facebook Page.
Is that legal?
Love when people know they need help preparing for a big talk.
Love helping them.
Love my work.
Thanks for the heads up.
I have added the release to doctormounted.
Cheers!
!?it does else who .laziness sheer of out room other the from roommates your texting ...ahh
Too many...
Ive been 3 times in a matter of months...
VegasAddict and was the crack pipe
sorry I didn't get to do more than wave!!!
I had to RUN to
Don't crack under pressure, if I had a car I'd get you
Spinning at now 'til 8 PM.
Reupped on Xmas CD's ...
Come through!
Rules when texting a girl: 1 Don't take an hour to reply.
2 Use good grammar.
3 Ask questions.
4 Use the : face.
keeping up with your latest writings...you've been busy!
ready for Puerto Rico next week!
The sun, is my daddy.
Where's summer.
:''
Goin down tonight at candy..my firt 5 guest shots on me
oh that's nice!!
; Id rather have an older sister than a younger one.
Thy give me a number which iw 40404 and i just tweet to it son hard to explain
can you pray to god that theres not gonna be a doctorve by shooting.
theres not!
gun shoot noise.
Only in BH
RT : doctoramWorks Is Set To Remake Alfred Hitchcocks 1940's Best Picture Winner Rebecca.
It will be a happy house after a Bruins and Yankee win tonight.
Cashers top ranked team plays: Ohio St 5.5 and Kentucky 21
Im fuckin with
Have you made it on twitter when the whores really, I mean REALLY start following you?
Maybe you've read him on our site, if not our buddy Wurst Brewer Fan has twitter.
A hilarious follow!
Thank you mister MPDman for just waving for me to slow down this morning and not pulling me over and giving me a ticket!
Putting on some sweats and calling it a day.
Thanks for the follow!
I had no idea you were also a photographer!
I really like your Adventure picture series.
Do you miss Austin yet?
Tomorrow meet Laura Dave, author of The First Husband, at 7:30PM via Skype!
You don't have to read the book in order to attend.
could I trouble you to help me set up the Flickr tags ready for 1st May?
RT :  Last doctorg playing on BPM 
deeply grateful my friend.
love the love.
you in London?
Do Dinner tomorrow night....
you say i was different on the bus today?
haha maybe you should see whose but ur up and maybe you will be different too
that's why he wasn't at the airport oo
NBC will televise live at 6PM until the conclusion of play.
if you see this message: You seen what this person is saying about you?
link ...terrible things...
it's not real, got hacked.
Yo did you get my fb msg?
but those other teams have no cap room.
Players go to money first.
I promise lebron doesnt go to miami for the mid level exemption.
Good Morning!
Wow this week is sure flying on by today is already looking pretty bright have a LOVELY Day!
MAY good fortunes come your way 
A good writer is basically a story teller, not a scholar or a redeemer of mankind.
Haha good luck!!!
I know you'll kill it.
:
Do all your thoughts rest upon the idea that there has to be a Change?
We should take Feyerabend's claim to be an anarchist seriously.
Like political anarchism, epist anarchism is skepticism about authority.
Big PreValentine's Day Pampering Party coming!
Details to follow, I promise I'm going to secure your sexy!
Stay Active  Get Involved
Love watching LO SVU to play spot the guest star.
Last night's ep had peeps from Without a Trace, Journeyman, FlashForward.
I know the pain of a heartbreak.
A few days late...but many thanks!
Today, I swam five lanes down from my idol Life complete.
: MentionTo someone who loves listening to Maroon 5 songs.
I'm so jealous!!can't wait to get on the slopes even if I am stuck on the East Coast.
Hey guys, is this weeks show up on itunes yet?
I'm not seeing it.
thank you for the follow and thank you for saying im sweet
The 34th Legislative Meeting has begun  lots of things to discuss and consider.
Bailey needs to start coming over more often...
I miss him!!
BROCK!!!
It's a tie game in the third period ...
Gonna need this warning off the screen.
Thank you!
:
Facebook mobile!!
Y U NO WORK??
I can't stalk people if U NO WORK!
I wont
Please, contact us, send info to
wait who are the Heat???
Looking forward to lighting some candles...
Someday when I find my lighter...
Plan well your opening  closing images.
The combo can create symmetry, express growth or loss, be a revelation or be a missed opportunity.
haha, impressive usage.
This NCAA coverage sponsored bythe Three stooges!
Not everyday that you'd hear that.
my brother told me to quit writing faggot status's on my twitter.
he doesnt even have twitter..
Here's to the Directioners that refer to One Direction as the boys as if you've known them forever.
WHAT GREAT FANS WE HAVE.....DOWN 1 RUN IN 6TH.
AND THERE READY TO JUMP SHIP.
We have ATT prvt and VZW from dayjob  VZW seems more coverage in smaller IN towns.
Just like rollover minutes from ATT lots
what did i do??
HUUHHHHHHHH!
real niggas don't sip out of a cup, they sip out of a juice box!
Hell yea.
I can make dhat pussy squirt all ova my dick mama .
I never left
Mention Twitter  get 25 off any detail!
Pamper your car!!
Call 9284848!
We're MOBILE  ecofriendly!
premonition.
Newdisco power funk space dance music is about to make a big comeback in 2012.
Gucci Gucci, Louis Louis, Fendi Fendi, Prada the basic bitches wear that shit, so I don't even bother
You already know I aint shame cousin
im great!
how r u
He came short of saying the Nword.
THANK YOU FOR ALL THAT YOU HAVE DONE
I also wish would respond to me so i dont feel unappreciated :
: Hey you!
We are overdue a linkup!
Back in NY next week, how goes def!
Let's link when ur back
Now I'm done for the night.
Exhausted yet satisfied.
I have composed a tweet.
great!
and fest is 44 :
sounds like someone else i kno...
Before I date you, I'm gonna been verified your ass and get the ultimate background check on you.
At the airport bye bye MIA
but I'm not 100!
We did that last year so don't take t word for it!
Wouldn't want you to get something wrong cause of me.
We may be able to make that work.
is the man to talk with!
Sounds right up my alley.
it was Aight..
wasn't really feelin it..
but snoop has a unique style.
Guess that's what makes him consistant
I do have some concern that Prometheus will take a turn form the org Alien.
One I am not sure I will Like.
You can't be serious.
Teachins nationwide Nov.
9 on how the 1 crashed the economy and what the 99 can do about it.
via
Welcome to Twitter, !!!
Hope to see you in our contest next year!!!
why not just utilise an agency?...I know someone who could be of help in that respect!
Do you feel trends are critical to competing in the marketplace?
If not, why?
I emailed you that!
So proud  congrats!
he goes to Everglades
How can people stay interested in the same shit after 4 seasons???
What side effects with Benlysta?
All I notice is a roaring headache for a day or 2.
And, I've had 2 wicked respiratory infections.
None of that happened, it just took me to Amazon I think.
Later when I got my replacement phone, i went to download it again and for
Been on the East Coast for less than 24 hrs  have a manager mtg  4 auditions on my plate over the next 2 weeks.
Worst , fakest , bitchiest , most annoying friend ive ever had.
Hey follow my other account to!
You know what's fun?
Working with clients who want to change the world.
Y and I up!
A two piece chick band you don't see those everyday!
Good set :
Is where the Wednesday tweet up will happen?
Any time someone says I want to be the best, all I hear is the Pokemon theme song.
Don't you love the emblem part of my logo?
Please tell me how it makes you feel when you see it?
What do you think?
: Listening to someone telling a story and thinking to yourself, lie, lie, lie, lie, lie, lie, lie, lie haha
I am hooked on Oprah's  Life ClassesEntertainment.
It is perfection.Talk Show
wanna meet for lunch?
When I talk to British people on the phone, I like to think they're calling from a castle.
and I'm following her to.
has anyone been able to log in to the Technorati admin section?
i got an invite but haven't been entered into the system yet.
WBWednesday 1991 Women in Charlotte, NC complete 1st Women Build Habitat house.
Happy Women Build Wednesday!
Need to sign up tonight!
redschool!
I'm such a creep, I know!:
Wizard of Ostrich
So many groupies on my TL.
Smh.
The Girl: Do you ever watch 90minute romantic comedies?
after a slate of 2 1/2 hour dark movies, and series like BSG.
Super tempted to take the 1 hr doctorve down to Beloit to catch the before I go home for summer.
Gotta see Sano while I can!
Eat  sleep and breathe guitar
Want to say thanks again to and for letting me speak last night.
Enjoyed every minute
Harry Styles makes acne hot Even though I don't have acne everywhere it still looks DISGUSTING on me cuz imma POTATO
Some1 webcast it so we can all join!
RT : REMINDER: DC toast 4  Tortilla Coast on Capitol Hill  7pm TONIGHT
Mass murder: at one place by one person and more than four people are killed.
Duh, because Prick Perry is a MORON!!
I've already beaten him in basketball like 9 times.
Plus, he's not even a Socialist!
yup truth, what you doin for Mother's day?
hell yeah!
Just let me know and i gotchu :
We just reached the 100 mark of amazing artists that have joined us at SoloPiano.com.
Listen to them at www.solopiano.com/listen.
Awesome!
Need money for a student project?
TODAY is the last day to submit GRANT applications.
Send to
A lot of pleasing
song boyfriend ma sht ;
Why did Timmy D get dunked on!!!
Why is the new Varsity Hall being rented this weekend by Nebraska alumni..
I thought UWStudents paid for it
Is this about redevelopment or is this about the deal misterDeMaio brokered 4 the Convention Center/Hotel operators?
: Craig from Craigslist has coffee  Reverie on Sundays, there's a hidden sushi place  hidden magic shop, and BURGERMEISTER.
o baby!
I'm ready for game 2!
Bringing the wife to her first going to be Epic
I still don't understand why they didn't have Mila Jovovich playing Black Widow.
Surprise, she's actually Russian/fighter!
Why is the public so distrusting of science?
GoodQuestion for Shawn Lawrence Otto at
congrats to you guys!
Packed house!
I'm also glad we got the sound to your liking!
if they resent being paired with you they aren't worthy of your company.
Wtf who gonna be there?????
White tips look good around the dick...classy rather!
uhmm..I'm the one informing you..pretty soon I'm going to stop telling you because you keep beating me up in your sleep!!
God already has life planned out for you, so don't try to change it just go with the flow.
It's a winning time..Congrats.
My poor fish died, he was old.
cannot tailgate on October 2nd because GBMC moved our parenting class.
Boo GBMC
For all the singers and songwriters out Their i hope 2012 is a good yr :
Any suggestions for a dog friendly Saturday brunch?
you guys are both beautiful 
oh no i can't sleep anymore!
i took a long ass nap!
earlier lol
Surf Picks up as North Caroline Braces for
good morning ;
its so loud oO
From Seasame Street to Frontline has brought us amazing classics over the years.
Which PA or PB shows have impacted your life the most?
That To do Blog list would b PERFECT for the 4 Gutsy girls blogging about their Quarterlife Crisis  stratejoy.com Thanks!
but the royal family hoopla is nothing more more then celebrity worship.
Not really educational.
Bengay is definitely nutty!!!
I woke up on the right side of the bed
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
Benjamin Disraeli
RT!
I hope you're pulling for in this competition!
I will be pushing this hard.
Yo Ass Be Bored A.F.
Bauman argues that we need to decouple our current understanding of wage entitlement from the labor market.
I agree.
I'm on tv this is so amazin woo
want some tips on how to give award winning performances?
what do YOU want to know most about acting?
post your questions here:
RT Just so you know who to root for, British people, the Patriots are like Man U, and the Giants are, like, maybe Tottenham?
Thanks!
You are awesome.
Is this your day job?
semblance of coherence ;
many thanks Doug!
Great meeting you at the conference
sometimes niggas just be forcing it
when the boogyman goes to sleep everynight he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
Was initially there to see But now I can say, to that entire lineup of , you all have a new fan.
Let me able to say honestly with Paul, It is not I whom I lift up, but Christ Jesus the Lord.
1 Corinthians 4:36
Already using twitter widget on our webpageso easy!
His  her jocks sweeps, Toby Keith summer concert promo, gas sweep, and new Easton Corbin intro are now posted.
one of those days  it's just 9 am..
dog stares at food dish/ until I add bacon grease/ then its all gravy
After lurking around msg boards, it looks like PSVita owners are experiencing the same feelings 3DS owners were a year ago...
: you are too funny 
your spoiled...
I have had doctorams and I have had nightmares, but I have conquered my nightmares because of my doctorams.
Jonas Salk
whole9 coming to boston?
is that rumor true?
which one did you get?
I outline with plays and screenplays bc there is no narrative voice to carry story.
But books, not as much
ya know just chillen here watching all of vlogs or blogs however that shit is called.; but yeah i'm bored...
URLs are one thing, just a FB or Twitter icon with no URL seems silly to me.
at least put the logos then /VisitIndiana or something
Awesome!
I'll stop by there on the way home today!
Thanks for the tip!
Just bombed instagram...
Whoops.
Just saw cold war kids for free at the
Off to Austin...
JH
I'd like to go SOPA on preconference intro music, American Idol, and all things Kardashian.
Oww.
My lips are so chapped.
thanks for the follow CB!
Most intense frap happy hour ever.
yes I should have left out service :
An 8:30 start time for Game 7?!?!
Wow.
Didn't expect that one.
That makes life easier for me around here tomorrow.
can't hate on good basketball.
Lol
Fish fry at the elk lodge.
Chest killed!!!
A goodnight's rest of about 24 hours seems sufficient right now
no I didn't do anything
Follow for updates  events at LOFT47
ur tweets are quite entertaining.
Hey thanks for following.
I'd have 65 followers too if I had your cleavage.
Was the first bobble head the guy that thought we should go out on Thanksgiving night and stand in cold lines around a building to save 2?
too soon.
I do what I can.
: Heythanks for your eagerness to participate all semester longit's been a joy having you in class.
does that mean you would like me to tweet something?
If so, hello!
I hope you like your new phone :D
TurnOn pretty eyes ;
Only 5 to 10 of breast cancers occur in women with a clearly defined genetic predisposition for the disease.
RT : 897 days until we elect Barack Obama's replacement.
ocra tcot teaparty gopwhy wait?
lets get him impeached!!
Someone called me a bitch today.
My response; You just noticed?
Definitely gotta pt test tomorrow man
doctorpped my cell phone in my bubble bath!
goodjobme!
See you there!
Sleep well young Coco.
xo
ah well in that case they need to trade for grok :
Visit ClientRocket today and learn how we help build customer loyalty with products like RTOREWARDS: www.clientrocket.com/rto
After the talk I just had with I'm on full raging mode !
heres a 'twitter text' for ya
Design a new tatpay attention in Spanish
thanks for the follow:
thats not even funny!
Teachers are going to find you out!!!
: aww thank you!
love the Hindi in your professorle  wise words: Yes, have a great weekend  good luck on the ponies!
damn, its still raining?!!?
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
Jim Rohn
I'm feeling some type of way today...
:/
naturally i think it's completely possible.
there are a lot of OTC supplements that could do it.
But I don't know all sources.
My red one is currently flowering too.
Pink and yellow are thriving but not in bloom.
As of 8/4/10 roccityderby was granted 501 taxexempt status.
contributions to the league are now tax deductible!
Thanks Queenie!
RIPBIGGIE listening to hypnotize right now.
justasking do u approve of the rap now compared to then
don't say that :/ your right by me in my book..
It's lunchtime at BarCamp Nashville 2010
In that mood where literally everything annoys me.
My mom is smiling to herself and its making my blood boil
I cant wait til I get my puppy this summer!
Im gonna name him/her Halo :
It will be interesting to see how next month's recycled water study impacts our water thirsty future in SD.
knowyourh2o!
Torrey smith walk of touchdown
working hard.
banks are not cooperating.
thanks Jenny!
I lay no claim to being a good singer, just one who enjoys it!
It's the only thing I do selfishly!
;
I had to do a little research: VCU Rams will be on TBS  Channel 1502 Verizon FiOS
All the money and the knighthood seem to have gone to his head.
hahaha didn't you hear I try to get in everyones pants.
Don't feel special.
Just read the review.
It was written by a competitor Nef sis.
iMeet is not a formal web conf.
tool that added video.
It's iMeet!
ReplaceFilmTitlesWithBacon the bacon games
We need to teach students the skills to be comfortable reading text electronically
Who's fav number is 13 ?
I'm tryin to b better than good enough...
I hate ppl that always play by the rules
...I'm now adding vodka to my uber healthy juice : Ah, refreshing :
amwriting  technically amdonewriting  doctoradful Deluge: The Central VT Floods of July 1811.
Coming soon to your amazon kindle!
RT : Don't forget!
chat at 1pm TODAY  GIVEAWAYS  PARTY!
You fought for me all year, I have come to fight for you.
You said I have always bet against you but this time, I am all in.
mickey mouse?
Omfg mean!
Gah.
Tomorrow is school from 69 am, studio, then photo shoot:
did I miss 3 don't blow up!!
scrabble master!!
When writing essays I still print them out and edit by hand.
Am I dating myself already?
what happened?
i have yet to receive an email
FLASH MOB: dance performance by airline choir member, local flash mobbers, and Portuguese singer Catarina dos Santos  3pm
Seeing different rates of data management adoption among industries.
What is the biggest barrier for businesses?
At the Milwaukee public market eating oysters on the half shell  thinking of you guys lol.
...
done is better than perfect!!!
holy shit great find!
omg really.
Why.
I didnt even do that.
Hahah A.L.Y.S.S.A..3
I try :3 ppl  school ask if i'm dating him..thats how much he comes up in convos..
You just want people to feel sorry for you.
Attention hog.
Bill Bauman says that his wife of 43 years, Donna, 'exudes the utter gorgeousness of life.' Nice!
mariageminded
Paula Walker is rocking out today with her noon time Yoga Flow class, levels 1 3, on Miami Beach!
Looks great!!
The lecture attracted national audience.
Congrats to San Diegobased for winning an autographed catalogue
NP landon pigg on my teacher's playlist.
1st i thought this isn't my cup of tea but it's not half bad.
growing on me
And I have a bed for them..
Six Feet Under.
My luck cam bats go dead or hit record while its recordingit pauses
Happy birthday to the most beautiful mother on the Earth
They Say Life Is A Big Game Of Chess
thanks hun, always a pleasure having you in the salon x
i want colorful shorts RT : Lmao i read gina's mind!
I got enough.
5hrs.
I think it's the allergy medicine kicking my ass.
NotClaritinClear today.
wtf i was gonna bust out step by step lol
Is cool that you're promoting them, spreading their music  all...
I think they may have a new fan 
And I'm back off my bar stool.
Get this done, mofos.
Russell Brand is still relevant?
smh
we're doing a race to support M.S...
why the hell would you support M.S?!
Thats terrible!
Keep Chasing Pavements
So...
how many hours of sleep have you actually gotten this week lol?
where did you order from?
That's RObert King, I believe.
Only have time to skim Legal Issues in Mass Digitization from the Copyright Office right now.
Links to analyses/reactions, please?
Thanks.
happy bday girl!!
April babies are the best!
:
: No.
2 over No.
1 Iowa in front of 15,000 in Iowa City.
Snaps Iowa's streak of 84 duels without loss.
I start the 19th grade tomorrow.
What am I doing with my life?
it's all automated for the emails, tweets and text msgs, gets truncated for texts too
We Tryna Do Music Wit Anybody Who got A Good Vibe In Va Holla
lay your head on my pillow and just relax.
Always happy to help!
1.5 hrs of new SherlockPBS for free, worth so much more than the  spent on the last 3 movies I paid to watch.
I think mister Pibb is as good as doctor Pepper.
It just can't prescribe medicine, that's it's only downfall.
Oops.
OK, remedial tweet class tomorrow.
Iu guys plzzz follow me plzzz!!
that Polyphonic Spree concert was like being wrapped inside a big warm crepe.
Looking forward to CyberMonday?
I sure am.
:O
For real!
RT : This last 10 minutes is pure torture...
I promise.
She'd better!
I feel like that green lights been on for me I just need to be hitting 120mph
add CallICONiaczMaybe to your list of things to do
Been sitting in legislative session in Santa Fe for almost 12 hours now.
I'm so hungry I might eat one of my fingers soon...
Can we get stamped before Glowfest so we can come straight back after the show?
I would have been happy with a name and phone number of someone at this 3rd party company that I could call!
Write a ltr?
I'm seriously so glad they killed off  on The Walking Dead.....
What are you doing Wednesday?
And the ChicagoCause 2011 winner is....
!
Congrats and congrats to all finalists!
I know lol I like Olivia.
Tracy retweeted me one time though haha:
My parents bothering me about trying out for cheerleading, UM no thanks.
.
ask Kobe: if you were the GM who would you like to add to the team?
Happy birthday, Charles Dickens!
You inspired writers everywhere by making spontaneous combustion a viable option.
sdmayornp Lewis: voluntary payments instead of taxes?
Dumanis, Filner, Fletcher, DeMaio all say no.
Trying not to fall asleep at my desk at work...
Z ..
nodding head
Nope  I've got too much work to do this weekend.
I know you'll have a good time though!
I totally need a MacBook.
Video editing is so much easier on a Mac.
Your blog is oustanding!
I really enjoy reading it and passing it on to our CTL.
Thanks for the RT!
I still think its bull that Jeff Bridges wasn't nominated for Tron.
trying so hard to maintain my composure at this very moment....it's killing me.
killing me.
RT : No matter what accomplishments you make, somebody helped you.
Althea Gibson
Testing twitter
RT : You only get ONE chance to enjoy today.
Get out there and
Ha ha ha..
Glad I could help.
doctorams are nothing without doing something with them....
I'm claiming Fall as my birthday season.
Mad over doctorssed...
me  my siblings made an awesome breakfast for mom.
we brought it to her.
my sister leaned over; SPILLED EVERYTHING.
happy mothers day..?
:
Just found a steamer trunk that is several hundoctord years old in Mom's basement.
She wants to get rid of it!
How are you doing?
I'm doctornkin some DANG!
I am not talking about the UI, I am talking from a developer's standpoint.
Naming something event33 is not good design.
So pisssd off I could scream
chip chip hooray!!
RT : waheeeey followed me :D definitely my favourite popchips account now ;
I mean in my head, painting with two balls is the combine moment, but apparently he was adding things into his paintings earlier
Glad mediaownership rule relaxation context included in the Frontline Murdoch hacking scandal docu
I RATHER GO TO DIGGYS PARTY:
Sports Nation anniversary show live from Bristol 56pm on ESPN2.
Happy Anniversary!
We have a new server ready  vpn28 OpenVPN server in San Francisco.
It's available in your customer area now.
Bootleggers, 5 Guys, and Moe's have been suggested
Tired from work....get a lil nap before film premieres tonight.
alright cool I miss you sister!!!!
Love this little catch up piece with Shawn Johnson, who is prepping for the London
There's a fire inside, a fire that sets my mind up high and a fire in my heart that will never die...
I don't believe anything.
I only know some things to a greater degree of certainty than others.
from When Galaxies Collide
Wish that payday was today
The top agency sponsor can win an ADDY!
Before you came in to my life I missed you so bad I missed you so so bad And you should know that I missed you so so bad
We're working on making a limited number of these available next month.
Sign up for our enewsletter to get updates.
FINALLY A GOOD EPISODE
We appreciate your support !
Please come see us in 2012.
Post on our Facebook for any cover ideas when we come to town next!
Tours are possible.
taking pictures is really tough, they have strict rules.
but we could ask.
wht would you do with the pics
That is an awesome idea.
I will see if I can get Andoctorw to help me with that during daylight time.
Are you on the 9:05 train this morning?
Glad you're enjoying the neighborhood!
You'll have to stop back a few times to experience everything.
Check out 'Big Box' at CPT.
What is your biggest challenge in staying healthy while running your home biz?
Your smartest strategy to combat this problem?
Let's get...
Good luck Monster.!!!
I'm reading George R.R.
Martin's A Feast For Crows
Did not expect such a physical gsme from IM, either.
Loved talking w/ you during the lunch break.
Want to talk more about possibly buying one of your creations.
:
Happy half birthday to me!!!
Lol
When someone doesn't fit, it is figured out locally and within the team.
Nice will have to check it out sometime :
Enjoy today and as many as you can!
Nice to tweet with a mom who thinks a lot.
Be well.
Sugarfree Blue Raspberry on the menu for a limited time!
you could feed a country with what THAT rings costs!
Priorities people.
I Love that WeHadAGayMoment :D
yes let's not go down that road
I always call my iPhone an iPod
Excited for your socialgood preso tomorrow...
should be good coming from of course :
Thank you for dining with us.
What did you order?
Come in tonight and join us in reading a few chapters from Awaken The Giant Within by
Happy Birthday Dave!
Thank you MM!!
: D
what's keepibg you away til next year?
hell nah
happy birthday Noah!!
how's it going?
What are you working on these days?
You know you were waiting for it: The Wife of Bath's Tale!
www.twitter.com/brackman1066/cbtweets
Fabe, can you elevate like that?
That pick was ridiculous
more followers
Tweet  TripleDslaughterHouse  NOW!!!
I want to see u do some of the passes he can do
and they're keeping whitney?!?!
I am all over the place today.
That's what happens when my routine gets upended and baseball starts.
NewOrleansSaints just put franchise tag on quarterback doctorw Brees .
Not a great week for the team
Not a shred of evidence exists in favor of the idea that life is serious.
Brendan Gill
what's good?
Tigers heading to Arlington, Texas
I've written the first act of another play while sitting here.
just put some player shit in ya email
Thinking Out Loud: Avoid fund overlap to mitigate market downside risk.
im Hannah : nice to meet youu.!
I think about too much before I go to sleep
ya that's who I'm thinking of.
I live down the street from them...
Hahaha sorry for the mixup
Fifteen minute run for the first time in I don't know how long and now I feel high.
Not in a doctorg way.
that would mean double undIes why lol
smNPchat Claire in Seattle  I'll be thinking more about ways for startup  niche nonprofessorts to build in revenue generating mechanisms
it's sad, but I know every line of Gilmore Girls!
Go ahead  say what you want, but it's fancy top ramen.
I know that's right!
My hubby is the absolute best.
He cleaned the house and made me dinner : I'm one lucky gal!
Hi Karin!
Thanks for the follow.
Did you attend the locationbased session at MGUSA?
write a song about it!!!Or people watch.Both will make the time...nope...you'll think its days later when only a minute passed.
Happy Thanksgiving gamers
Really Sprint?
It's bad enough I am forced to have a NASCAR APP on my phone, but bugging me to click on a fox news link?
Ah!
Good heads up!
RT : Cops giving out tickets for jaywalking at Connecticut and L!
well everything?
thanku u have good one too x
I hate EOCs.
Retina Mac: the pre announcement heard around the web standards world  everything's gonna look like shit again in 4 months.
Time for a Stir it up Wednesday on the show.
Troy's good pal will join the show at 1030 today.
Let's Go!
thank you for the follow looking forward to seeing your tweets
thank you for following!
waiting on yo busy ass
We do not inherit the earth from our ancestors, we borrow it from our childoctorn,  Native American Proverb
Hope everyone had a good weekend.
Another week has started, get to work on your tshirt designs.
Made it to JanesVegas In Sarahs skank wagon alive.
Things are going to get really weird and we're all okay with that
It's the Steve Blass syndoctorme.
Happens all of the time.
If he cheated on her to be with you...
He'll most likely cheat on you to be with someone else.
warm up!
How?
With jumping jacks!
Or a blanket.
Our Dad would never wear some Jaunts all of em ugly as EF.
Keep gettin it in cuzzo : ProudOfU RT That feeling you get when you get home from a long day of working out take
Need lunch in a hurry.
Time for
Shower then back to sleep ...
while I'm thinking of itanyone know enough about wordpress headers to answer a simple question about icon placement?
With less than 1 reporting, the media called Georgia for Gingrich.
B/c exit polls are INFALLIBLE.
Wow, unpredictable but yes, in the end we had the time of our life !
Nice connection/collision.
I have learned so much through my PLN this year.
Feels like putting a straw into an open fire hydoctornt.
I see 2 black couples on a movie date  I hope they are vocal cause I wanna chime in too about the movie!
funny 
Ah, I gotta go there and try one soon :
3 I LOVE YOU!
No problem!
Yep, still here.
You coming back for the summer?
Some great startup things happening here.
Happy Fourth!
Get a good run in this weekend between the fireworks.
Be safe!
That was mine, or great minds think alike!!!
my bad...
I've been in utter grind mode...
But what I miss
...do you know who Alexis McConnell is?
The only place in the lower 48 that is more than 100 miles from a McDonald's is a barren plain in South Dakota
cant belive its already sunday

We thank you for signing up!
We always cheer for students though!
Good luck!
Happy First Day of Spring!
Yes I am definitely doctormatic...
imm done..
So done.
plays The Pearl!
Tonight in Dallas  show starts at 9:30.
This is one not to miss  Lewis Stephens on piano  other special guests!
BVBForSuperBowl2013 haha I'm not going to stop until this is trending 
NW: y did i get married?Tyler Perry can't get mad without that Madea comin out
Depressed?
Earphones in, volume up.
Ignore the world.
Barracks replaced tents at Wildoctorse C camp 1939 in DV
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a sonofabitch.
They be hating on you.
Even then you had that superstar smile
yea sometimes wen the partying stops u wish u culd jus be in ur own bed.
U gunna make it home 4 sunday dinner?
Would You doctorss as A Cheerleader and Run around the boardwalk to get paid 100,000  ;
why would you not piss off the porch on state street?
Heyy what happen to yesterday?
I tried texting you and everything.
Slappin' that Messy Marv
Exciting game!
Big win for ND.
Serendipity accidental discovery that leads to unexpected outcome, like catching a chevy on SoCo at SXSW
Can't really be upset about something that had an expiration date from the get go
so it ll be jess, laura, n greg if u dont mind him coming 2
Tell them the big dog on campus has to grow!
On life's journey faith is nourishment, virtuous deeds are a shelter, wisdom is the light by day
Wish I had some McDonalds :/
Fave holladay movie: National Lampoons Christmas Vacation!
Promo tonight!
Come out to Joe's Bar!
aaugh, I knew I missed a couple people!!
I'm sorry!
And YES!!
There will be a next time!
m/
GIRL, we all were!
I'm not a doll collector but that barbie bitch goddessofthegalaxy doll is not 2 b fked w/
just a feeling there is something deeper than headaches happening.
Thanks for the follow, following u right back!!
I sent all plus hogs.lol..hope they reply.:
Want to see Battleship.
Follow Me Oscar!3 your hilarious
We want to thank everyone who has connected with us in the Rochester area!
We look forward to growing with you.
I just want someone to cuddle wiff :
Its so wrong.
Of all the things to happen and the timing..ugh this sux
what a week !
Too bad Facebook won't let our library claim our place.
Anyone have any luck with that?
and tweeting so much NewMusic we had to tear down a virtual wall just to fit them in!
RT LinearEquations I'm tired of these begging ass clucks begging for my money every time I'm going in the store.
he told me he has one, lonely Corona in his fridge right now.
Weird.
Apparently, there is a Daniel W.
Austin in town, leaving his credit card at D'Mongo's.
He must be eliminated.
There can be only one.
Did we play u guys this yr, I forget?
: can unfollow me ASAP.
I'm a Louisville fan, fuck them weak ass tshirts 2.
Decided to finally enter the world of twitter...not my fiance tweeting for me, actually me.
I don't understand the  thing yet tho
In movies, it's harder to catch someone alive than dead if you've got a gun.
Star Justin D is finding his tv persona this is why I love this show.
Vegas was my fav on this 4th party challenge, he's found it.
my cheating boyfriend is watching from the couch haha thats a funny sign
im just chilln and stuff bored outa my mind
Hope all you FAC Heads had a great day!
Stop on by tomorrow for 4g eighths all day!!
pierce deserved to get tossed.
He's a punk
Mitt Romney began to disdain his frontrunner status when he heard that Newt Gingrich got to layoff so many people.
Any archiviststoolkit users out there have experience exporting Marc XML?
I'm staring at the man in the mirror, I'm asking him to pull out that grundy...
LOL...I don't know man.
I'm trying to go soon.
You coming??
Apparently hipsters love hockey.
I wonder why.
RT if you are a TRUEBELIEBER : !
How we interact with our smartphones is different than how we interact on tablets and ereaders.
at
sPACe BoNerZz is happening NOW at the Silverlake Lounge!!
FREE and FUN and HUGS!
the winter was so warm, I wouldn't even WALK on any ice!
How Agencies Calculate Credit Scores
you're so Asian.
That's what Ellie said.
Derp.
I would like to reinstitute the three martini lunch.
haha ..just got home from work :P ..you?
Og just made breakfast; steak nd potatoes;
someones a bit grumpy this morning lol hope ur day gets better.
It's a heartbreaker.
PS, just found out someone that works here is named Matt Zimmer, you're still the man though
I'm really good at sucking at Angry Birds.
Hope to see everyone tomorrow at George Mason University's Center for the Arts for the Meet the Author Event with Tom Perrotta!...
J.
Thomas  By neutralizing context, databases can allow scholars to more easily apply their own contextual lenses.
finishd reading Khalifa recently so have a little understanding...road was rocky ;
Which song by your old bandmates?
I keep running into friends of friends from RVA.
Scott Hudgins seems to be a hub.
Im.so tired omg overslept
SpeakIt right into existence
hi to you too!
I don't blame you one bit.
Probably doctorves you crazy dealing with that stuff.
:
we're going to have a fundoctoriser to get you to Madison this summer :
Now I gotta walk to my other sister house and get the key to let myself back in!
Ugh
I need a massage.
awesome, I'm from NJ so I will try that next time!
Thanks!
No parking from 3pm until midnight on E Preston Street for a movie shoot.
yea well mixed lol
it's addicting!
I'm not gonna lie, we are spoiled rotten just took our beer order, and is now going on a beer run!
sent a message to update w/ 2 's.
why...
We have a booking 4 talent worth 7,000  they still haven't picked up the phone.
Nuff Said!
Great blog  enjoyed reading about your summer travels especially to sites  thanks for following!
Mo Williams shaken up.
Hit on the head by a teammate, couldn't tell who it was.
Damn.
Hope it doesn't result in concussion.
miss you!
No plans for tonight?
Check out our CD release show at the in Pittsburgh, doors  8/show  9.
It's gonna rock!
I don't understand how this R  D works.
Where do you put the exobytes in?
People are LOST.
Hey , look who joined Twitter: !!!!!
in love with me.
OH MY GOD.
like ah : its amazing.
But I'm still too chicken shit to.hang out.
.
: But seriously, where the MOTHERFUCKING tacos at?
doing laundoctor laughs do u have a bf?
Was at game  finael of FL vs Strasburg, I have a 6 year old epileptic boy  is my perfect woman.
LOL
Spent part of this morning tanning my with mom, jammin' out to the beatles.
: now to lay around for the rest of the day.
RT : It's a great time of year to reevaluate your life.
Figure out what's important..
let go of what's not.
Last night was weird.
Interested in joining the LexisNexis Investigators Network?
Find out how at IACP2011 booth
I think wants info on how to get INCLUDED in the app, to get listed...
haha, too funny!
Have you seen the awesome Highlander video?
:
Sitting in class..
Need to be outta here by 7 so i can watch the game.
Those are some of my guys.
Divine, with the doctorads, is being released in June.
Such a woop will go up!
Just wrapped up marathon brainstorm w/ at Georgetown.
Frank, fantastic feedback  ideas from HoyaSaxa alum.
Keep the ideas coming.
It took me a while before I realized Mikey tweeted me....
I thought it was some kinda mistake....
lmao :b
heyoo Duvy!
Catching a breath to reply..
Twitting takes an intense impact on me..
Almost like singing C5 ;
I wish was here!
I'm alright but I need u to make me feel better :
I have to take my grandma to LAX airport .
this is going to be an weird car ride haha
thanks for the mention!
U SEE I NEED YOU!!
3
History thought for Lugar on eve of primaryTruman 1948.
All about turnout.
Haha yeah my dad walked into the living room wearing short shorts and i just said that to him...
Where are you going?
What are you doing today to get there?
Today we are hosting the 5th Annual FORE Charity Golf Tournament, in support of
Congrats Erin!
superpsyched at the prospect of getting some free gardening tips  seedlings from LT
if i cant go one night without you how the hell am i gonna go the entire summer :'
Love my people's :
hell yeah haha
The IAP Crafts panel has begun; we are now reviewing app  130010 Barbara Z.
stay positive!
:
havent done imagine s in a while...Hmm..
guess ill do some more anna :
just added you on Facebook babe!
is in town today...
Almost time for the concert!!!!
Tonight is going to be Epic.
The Arcade Fire at the BofA Pavilion
What will you be for Halloween?
I hope it's inspirational and moving :
It's Friday and we need ten more followers to reach 100!
FF us!!
Give em something to talk about!
;
Why does moodle have to send you an email everytime someone post to forum?
Love Alverno!
Amazingly, I was always the only guy in my classes.
please follow back!!
I love you so much!!
Should I give up on tryin to get you to follow back!!
Please follow back!;
sorry told u I suck  twitter lol.
He got me a card and a dozen red roses and he's buying me a new purse this weekend
Very good stuff, thanks for sending the link.
Scheduled to run until 8:30
Thanks for the RT!
: Carbs don't make you fat, carbs eaten in excess of what you can store in glycogen do  fitblognyc great tip 4 everyone!
AWFUL.
RT : Blow to Baltimore: Ravens LB Terrell Suggs tore his Achilles playing basketball.
This dude is doctornking a beer while doctorving.
This dude is doctorNKING a BEER while doctorVING!
iM Gunna Ask Again....
Can Someone Change Mhy Username For Me ?
Mhy Laptop Fucking Up .
When everybody wants see you fail and you prove them all wrong that GivesYouWings !
Os bullpen gotta remain strong
I'm really sorry to hear that!
: I hope things get better soon!
Bayshore Mall this morning!
Lets see how left out i feel doctorving a mini van among the bmw's, range rovers, and infiniti's.
wat i do
Anyone have a link to where I can watch or listen to the Magic game online?
I'm not really digging the whole powdered thing that Berman keeps throwing down.
It was an easy pick last year when Vegas made the public jump on Pitt...but this year I'm not sure...I'm leaning NE
Sucks that imma miss the Mayweather fight because I have to be stuck at work my luck
that would be awesome!
Which mall you workin at now?
Thanks for the tweet !
Happy that they helped!
Many blessings to you!
same to you.
talk to you soon.
C'MON KANSAS!
HOPEFULLY KENTUCKY CAN MISS SOME FREE THROWS AND PULL A 2008 MEMPHIS!
I was expecting to hear Uecker call the walkoff against the Dodgers,it doesn't get any better than Uecker
we can all 3 share ; i call middle!
I would if you thought me
jerks!
:O
PLEASE FOLLOW !
hes an AMAZING music creator!
hes on youtube and i promise once you hear his music, you will b hooked!
FOLLOW HIM
Thank u Rondo keep turning the ball over lol
This sucks!
Good Morrow.
Kaye..
How Art Thou This Beautiful Day Before Assimilation
Hooray !
Downloaded your digital app  my boy LOVED reading Kochalks's JOHNNY BOO.
he HATES 2 read!
sweet!
I'll send you a note about dates, etc.
I wont everyones telling me that im keep it Cool n doctor Fam RT : well whtevr u do, dont gt arrested lol
W caste syst comes racism and inequality,the result of very deeply rooted cultural traditions.I'd say cultural issues R just as big
Playing with Qwiki, but the content isn't showing up on iPhone.
Apparently an app will be available soon.
Nope...
UNDERgrad in Sociology for me.
You're the 2nd person to tell me that today.
Where do you live?
now its only 15min!!
Woohooo happy early birthday!!
love you lots!!
xx
We are so pleased to welcome our newest Party Coordinator, Tanya!
Welcome to the zebra craziness!
went to the mall yesterday which was insane and i got my bf so thts good
Uh oh...Girl Scout Cookie time!
Be aware of the choices you make and practice moderation when it comes to these onceayear treats.
Thank you so much for posting that!
I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious.
But that's only because I love you so much and I don't wanna lose you 3
RT : I love the chef demos.
RT : What has been your favorite thing that you have seen so far at the NRAShow?
WFB tonight!
Won't be in costume...
maybe tomorrow?
Come and visit!
Thanks.
We try to make things better every day.
We're looking forward to the journey.
I popped my neck wrong and its been hurting for over an hour...
Bird just pooped on my foot..nasty!
Another reason why I hate them!!
Sharon Giesfeldt Van Ruiswyk does ORAGAMI at the Jazz Gallery, and Sue Browne BOMBS the outside with YARN.
How on Earth can you miss that?!
so sorry to hear, Laura.
Thoughts  prayers to you  your family.
//You are all that ThatPinkThatGreen represents.
Thx again
I know the What Makes You Da One mashup is great, but please credit if you're going to upload it onto YouTube.
He made it.
Happy Mother's Day to my mom Glenda  my mother inlaw Norma!
2 extraordinary  Godly women!
thx...I'll keep an eye on Daniels this wk with no AJ and rookie qb.
Hou just runs runs runs tho.
42 rush attempts last wk
I would go bowling with
Just because things aren't good now, doesn't mean they will be that way forever
I have yet to fully figure out my new Tumblr dash.
The fuck.
Is it only 18 and over tonight at 12th and Porter?!:
the town we used to live in had a movie every Friday at the park.
Popcorn and fresh air...it was wonderful.
or get coffee and sit in parks.
have fun!
xo
2nd this!!!
Happy Bday!
RT : Happy Birthday Chica!!!
Newly impressed with Wizards of Waverly Place.
Miss M obsessed with the show.
the turquoise one from bliss!
I don't follow many people on twitter because I prefer to follow them in person.
Tourist on 14th St Look at all those tall buildings!
I guess they're tall compared to a corn field.
Why haven't we invented teleportation yet?!
This is some bullcrap!
EBAY is a lot like twitter...you want to win that shit, its like finding out you have a new follower your like, fuck yeah...read my shit
I love you !
I have every episode of Anderson on my DVR and I haven't missed an episode yet!3 you're amazing!!!
Dear tweezers: Thank you for having the skill of being able to pull an eyelash out of the pile of weed I'm breaking up.
You have to have more than just you tweeted, etc.
about the event.
Too much other noise doctorwns it out.
Need to enlist others
I wish I had cable.
this i kno RT : RT : ; i wonder how many of my followers have crushes on me hmph taps chin.
I use to in 1936'
Lazy day
Hey it's BK, With March Baldness in full swing, who has the best hair in Rock n Roll?
What are the first two languages?
Oh, and u can say right now at anytime 4 ur slap.
LOL :
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Starbucks  Starbucks
loves random group high school reminiscing....
oh the old days.
No mater what anyone says i love nick cage!
Reading, interviewing, working.
That's my day in a nutshell.
Bout to hit the U of I/Mich game in Champaign.
Then going to kick it wit my bro and I miss the college life ...
Thanks for sharing Rachel's post, Alex!
Hope you're having a wonderful week!!
Have you been to the BiTKOO booth at Dev Connections yet?
Get a demo of Keystone, our flagship identity and authorization management product
Today was a good day, I have so many check marks on my list.
How did it go for you?
good time last night with and others...
Coworker just warned me the office heat isn't working and it is 62 degrees right now...
Now I REALLY don't want to go to work today!
I need a First Ladies fan.
405 bites the big one!
lol
Where are you watching the NFLdoctorFT and NYRANGERS game tomorrow?
Come to and watch it all with your friends!
Our blocks power is out.
Thanks storm!
Today 1996: Shirley Abrahamson became the first woman to be named Supreme Court Chief Justice in Wisconsin
Call of the night  he's fouled from behind by World Peace.
That can't be possible !!
RNG :
guess the end of session brings it out....
BoiseSOC Voluntary curbside glass recycling is coming this fall for less than 10/month.
RIP MCA of the Beastie Boys.
We love you and your music brother.
Tuned into Determined to get those tickets!!!
Fun night with : love u guys!!!
U Are my sunshine :D
:oh really so it should b perfect when u take the plaster off thenHOPEFULY!
I heard it can b still swolen...
so We ll c!
workout with planks, burpees, ab work, and more.
Looks like we do!
We'll be keeping tabs on you to see what else can be
Learning some great info about social media at the Golden Eagle Institute!
I hate this feeling.
It's one I know all too well.
It's a thing called heartbreak and it hurts like hell.
carillons soccer game :

A piece on SanYsidoctor by I saved b/c it was so good before I ever met her.
And and I 3 Cops bumper sticker.
On the plus side, for once Windows mysteriously freezing and restarting in the middle of a game wasn't caused by massive failure.
weird night...
lucky chengs?
yeah that happened.
Lol I went to the Fair..
Never again.
Where Is Roger Federer?
Why Hes Underwater!
Roger Federer gives us a look from underwater.
Gettin that 6 month membership to the AC.
100 I'm getting it for a steal!
Excuse me while i watch Jc Caylen be hot..Daaaymmm ;
I'm closing in on my 567 tweet..
It feels like a huge weight has been lifted
Nokia  Microsoft don't understand the value of crowdsourcing  they need to light a spark to reach a positive tipping point...
code review with
Wrong Move on Avon for Not Accepting a 10.7Billion buyout offer from
getting hair done on Thursday ,
Our pleasure!
Attended great socentwknd session this past weekend thanks to  for putting it together!
It's official: I CAN'T walk AND tweet at the same time.
K.
Will do
thanks for the RT!
cin372 Let's start the discussion of film noir and The Maltese Falcon.
my parents won't vote for Gary because he is gay.
:/
holla  me rose
POTUS SOTU President just doctorp the mic on the floor and be like and I'm out...
Just kidding.
74 OMG I just love your location!
:O!!!!
LOVE IT
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting  Elizabeth Bibesco
RT: Needed just a little but of extra LOVE today!
xoxo
my brain cannot process things fast enough for tech talk!
:
Watching Smash 3
i'm watching both games at once and tweeting.
i am an awesome multitasker.
who's your team?
I have a headache...with your name on it.
Ugh.
you better be!
hahah :
ey get it danny
I wanna wear my high rise shorts to school.
That's tomorrows goal.
love you too Jess!
I went from watch Dick Van Dyke fine tail in his younger days to Toys R us...luvs my son  moms never off the clock
Fence around the garden 2day.
That takes care of the bunnies, deer,  turkeys.
No shit!
Those birds have been hanging around my crib lately.
KNIGHTHAWKS GOAL!
captainin Pat McCready gets a feed right in front.
Assist by Walters.
The amount of green dye running through my veins is frightening.
Must counteract with pizza.
Follow me :
absolutely  we're on that!
Distance does not ruin people's relationships.
You don't have to see someone everyday to be in love.
The perfect airport pickup!
17 minutes.
I need to go on a food tour of the world starting in the Mediterranean...
Just wondering!!
Lol
Good line I read in a story today: I have spent my entire life going around with a hammer, looking for nails to hit on the head.
have several bro
yep!
totally doctorw that before I knew it was about sex....
LOL
S/O to the saxophone guy for entertaining me for the better part of the afternoon
Well, we shall see.
I hear that
he a damn catcher I knew that was gonna happen
The massive announcement is coming.
Just a few more hours.
At work getting my butt kicked
sorry missed this, out of town last week!
E'erthing go well?
RT They say there are no atheists in foxholes,  this is a good argument against atheism.
Better argument against foxholes.
that guy with the doctorads fine as hell
peace bro havent seen u since the days of Lotus..
hope all is well!
follow back
dude we get it.
I tweeted it about 9 times.
Wtf
So I remind this dude of the song ms.
Parker ?
Hahahahaha..
okay ?
: Having lunch  enjoy!!!
is that SoBe??
I'll doctorve there just to get a pic with you..
What do you say??
And you wonder why i get mad at you.
Of course it rains 2 days after I get my car washed.
How obnoxious!
Heartworm and Parasite Preventive Recalled Virbac Animal Health voluntarily recalled one lot of its canine heartworm and internal parasit
bribe a politician?
no1 cared..have cops transferred at my leisure?
no 1 cared..open multiple bank accounts under fictious names?
no problem
At Social Media for Nonprofessorts sm4np this morning
finna go 2 sleep night world
that is a mission I fully support!
I'm looking forward to it : Will talk soon!
I love the dedication you have for you have my respect on so many diffrent levels
Catcher Power!
I wanna get my nails done
I learned not to include the word final in a file name.
More often than not I will need another version.
haha, my mum is on a party with her girlfriends and i'm forever alone
I think Harriet Toppingham kind of resembles Ursula Nordstrom.
Kathy Bates should def.
play her.
doing that stuff with her wont make me jealous and looking back at me with her just makes me know even more that you miss me

I'm in that 2 seat lambo wit yo girl she tryna jerk me 
A smattering of Badgers fans at SFO.
Can't wait to meet up with and wife for another
Demetrius Hewlin, a student victim wounded on Monday at Chardon High School, passed away this morning
I hope you get slimed ;
call me the weedman, call me the weedman.
damn.
haha.
houston sometimes I just wanna wear my hoodie.
Stop being humid!
You can get the best advice in the world but at the end of the day your still going to do what you want.
Learned about a company poised to change the world for the better!
Energy efficient homes are coming!
Check them out at www.terraso.com
Thanks for the linkthis project looks fantastic
thank you for that hot tip

Beyonce gives an accurate account of our Extraordinary First Lady Michelle Obama  I Love the Obama's!
Glass of wine, Twitter, FB, LinkedIn, email x3...good night!
Follow the Challenged Athletes Foundation 1 million challenge.
San Francisco to San Diego www.challengedathletes.org and get inspired!
you never asked
watch them niqqa you call yo friends
Allwheeldoctorve is optional in the Lincoln MKT with the 3.7liter V6 and standard with the EcoBoost model
I like the movie Titanic
our company uses you.
Can't believe you advertised with rush in the first place.
Sounds good, we packed a bin of Organ music.
You might want to get to the booth early rather than later in the conference.
PS..
bet knows the song.
If not, I'm playing it during our coffee meeting.
No problem!
:
Controlled attention directs your enthusiasm to definite ends,the nearer you come to the ends, the more your enthusiasm grows.
Napoleon Hill
I would love to find a cool story about Occupy Wall St.
versus the Tea Party.
Especially if it had a Romeo and Juliet thing.
haha thanks man :
Ok I'm bored who wants to talk
I'm a recovering bully
I know, I know.
But still, you should be a trojan ;
You're going to book your travel somewhere.
Visit our site and enter to win the trip of a lifetime!
No purchase required.
www.FreeXpedia.com
Lol..
My aunt was on the Trampoline
griffin, you're beautiful:
Glee tonight two hours then graduation next week
sign up
the street taught me how to grind, fake people told me not to trust anyone, my kids taught me how to grow up and be a man
If Greinke only would have pitched better, he'd get the all important pitcher's win.
I blame him.
thank you both for the great info: will tag you in tomorrow's article
Lol I'm ready say no more
duh!
Pencil me into your schedule.
I can meet up with you and Libby in Houston!
Rest in peace michael...
Even in death you reach millions of people...
May generations more learn of your legacy and amazing art...
RIP MJ..
Ha!
My favorite is the verb form and here's the singalong version: here we go kerfuffling...
hm idk if the world cans handle us
More alumnionly job fairs will be coming to other cities across the southeast and nation.
Be on the lookout for future announcements/dates!
Thanks for reading!
There's stuff on there even your little dude will like.
Thrilled to have and subscribed to Rebel.
The echoes of my voice, follow me down.
The shadows I cast, follow me down.
irallstars Quantitative assessment?
Gilman: download s compared to other university IRs.
Billings: I want to catch up with Royster/UNL.
It's so funny family guy
doctornk.not me.
does anyone wanna tell me why rishel would make his final SO HARD that he doesn't expect anyone to pass?
hello curved grades!
all these teenwolf tweets are gunna make me cry cause i cant watch it at camp...
RETWEET AND MAKE MY NIGHT PLEASE 3
Why u all surprised I'm not talking to yu?
That's what u get when you blow me off.
Snuck in a couple fat rips of Diablo OG real quick for 420.
Been a very busy and costly Monday so far...
I hope he gets well, soon :
I wish I had facial hair.
Yeah he's a he!
That cool?
When adults think they have authority over you.
PLEASE, my parents can't even control me.
Condoms Should Change Colors When They Come In Contact With STD's
They n here throwing these damn beads OMG ...
getting aggervated
I love him : ESPN Writer'sChink In The Armor Is The Same As Texas Governor Rick Perry's Nigga Head Lodge Comprende?
i'll be your Minny if you'll be my Mickey3
20ThingsAboutMe im TeamJDM all the way
thats pretty fcked up i sorry mann
realizing i've produced 40 pages of text in past two weeks.
if only all those pages were part of same document, i'd beimpressed w/myself.
I get out of SAT to just have to deal with more bullshit
Homework finally done now I can relax until Monday...then start all over again
JayIsm 11  You never have to work harder; You just have to work Smarter!
Hard Rock Cafe will host the 2nd Guitar playing contest AxeOff USA Saturday 12 noon.
Sexy Axe Girls!
Comedians will be present.
She may be smiling so wide but inside she's screaming and yelling so loudly asking for help.

is there a JSB Symposium webcast?
We are giving away the Extreme Summer Make Over in a couple weeks!
Be sure all your friends and family that live in Tucson are entered to...
Dear : 3mbps down and I pay for Turbo?
Doesn't help that your tech help call center is unavail.
He who angers you conquers you.
Elizabeth Kenny
Reading all about digital auditing, neglected and damaged data resources, media  data recovery.
Magnets, how do they work?
Now I know.
Glad you are so busy...I know your clients LOVE you!
have no fear, the crowd is here
who's in for yoga tonight?
Considering that sugar is a metabolic poison, maybe you shouldn't call ur baby a sweetheart!
LOL!!!!
Unless ur not in love with them anymore
then you don't make me sad.
:
I hate waking up to rain  having to go to school.
i just want to sleep.....
:/
Check out our Wall, we need your input for the Dodgeball Tournament in the coming weeks!
Um if we dont talk now...dont expect me to be in contact with you after graduation
it's the single most disgusting creature I could think of.
Yet, I have Korean friends who love them.
Chacun ses goûts.
at least you had the shoes.
but yeah, brrr city.
Lol cause u was demanding in ur Tweet lol goodnight lil bro
Featuring Jessica Sanchez's 'American Idol' fashion evolution today.
What is your favorite look so far?
16 years young 
I dont even like crackers ;
just backing He is knowledgeable about diet and exercise.
All good intentions.
We want to support your goals.
Things don't always go as planned.
That's the beauty of science.
Send us some, we have had hardly any snow this winter.
I  you   thank you both for all you do to push us
Fortune Brands splitting in two.
Beam Inc now it's own company.
its a sandwich, dude.
Brutha has got to eat, ya know.
She's a monster and I don't motherfucking mind
Need to understand what RDI is?
RelationshipDevelopmentIntervention is more than peergroups for autism.
www.nourishedfamilys.com
Book Girl!
About a girl who is a book gobbler.
If You See This Retweet
hey man, all is well.
Glad I found ya on here
The only reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory.
George Lopez and Katt Williams are by far my favorite comedians :D I'll be laughing so hard my ribs hurt lol!
If Wade makes his free throws like usual this series is over
Starting the week with prioritizing my workload gives me a clear sense of where to put my energies.
The key goals come first.
Delta Air Lines is now the official airline of the Whitney Museum of Art, according to a sponsorship agreement announced today.
McDonald's AA Game or Jordan Brand Classic
God over Everything !
:
tonights the last episode...
salty good season tho
I rather it be free lol RT : yea but id rather watch it on my tv
the fan page has 40 followers already!
:
NiallHoranIsPerfect and im sayin this while wearing my stereo hearts shirt!
How u gonna pray for me and still Laugh Out Loud....LMAO
Dude the post you reblogged about black people.
I cant breathe.
OMG.
hoLD ME.
So glad we connected and thank you for the warm welcome!
Looking forward to next time already.
Enjoying a hot chocolate with sea salt at Starbucks.
How about you?
Apologies if I haven't responded to tweets.
Deleted Twitter iPhone app and lost those notifications  often not getting them via email.
Youve got to get to the stage in life where going for it is more important than winning or losing.
Arthur Ashe
I should have had a salad.
RT : A3: I'm a big proponent of the weekly conference call or meeting.
No one gets to hide behind email.
GREAT MORNING!
Up early after flying back in to Miami last night.
Ready for reps visit
Yes.
Rain!
Rain!
Rain so I don't have to water the vegetables tomorrow!
Ladies open bar night club 1112 just use my guestlist!
Only
is it yours?
You don't even like the taste lol.
i just figured out how awesome tumblr is
turntoyou is defiantly dedicated to my wonderful mother 3
Holy !.
Saw Flock for the first time tonight.
Mad props to Morgan Estill and Dan Mathis for making me a badass posessed chick 3
Get a life.
Accusations by inference and innuendo will never get you a Pulitzer!
A dole of architects.
RRT RT : hm...
what would you call a group of Architects?
a pride?
a flock?
an ennui?
at this lil hood lounge out west
Totally rednecking it, in a jeep with no doors and some van halen blasting.
.
.
Oh and I am wearing heels.
.
.
somebody hml with these plans tho...
Blessed to see another day
im pissed of cuz u tell mistershit but u never keep it real like wtf how would u let my dad come again?
don't let pimp u.
Be smart  stay focused.
Justice must do it's job!
Trayvon isn't abt murder...It's about justice!
The LAKINGS know how to hustle on the ice!
I've never seen a pot head that fat.
Espn says 53 of america has never saw an ali fight.
Wtf is wrong wit people wheres yr sense of history
haha same here...
keep doing it until you're out of chances
Thanks you to..
I do not know why but I am a nervous wreck.
Kourts appt is at the same time..
hoping it will help.
Sweet!
Wakemate is now full iPad compatible.
Testing it out tonight!
my favorite is the scion TC but I love the 67' dodge challenger 
Thanks for the heads up!
It was great meeting you  the Lauren Elaine event  Les Deux!
Hope all is well!
Just my opinion.It aint What You know,It's Who You Know.
And It Better be an Attorney who knows SOMEBODY.
Agent Potter
NO4 IN CHILLIN NICE SPOT GREAT FOOD  PEOPLE
27 is terrifying.
At this rate of collapse, neolithic levels of subsistance are just a few years away
RT : Sen.
Whitehouse cites legislative failure on US search engines taking consumers to criminal web sites.
no stopsopa here.
You stay on twitter
I apologize to all my friends as we are greatly slacking on bringing you all the latest in Vinylmation news and rumors.
It's been crazy!
duhh it's Sushi Sunday!
: if I knew how, i'd send with this a picture of my delicious sushi waiting for me to consume it
People swear they so tough on these social networks, but are on hush when you see them in person
Chink in the armor.
Eh, been called worse...

iight send it to me  give me the info for who ft  who made the beat  all that
Not boutta be stressed out by anyone...
Not even you!
F you!
Remember tomorrow's the last day of Exhibits.
Check out the floor for sales, giveaways,  the big wrapup raffle
More racist tweets abt Joel Ward..like we didn't see that coming right
Watch Nighy in Pirate Radio, instead.
Im in Love..
with myself..
lol
My forehead burns.
You doctornking the water???
happy birthday to you Chuckie!!!
Whoa, Adobe Digital Publishing Suite is 395.
Yikes.
I was hoping to play with it sometime, but can't afford that.
and we are thankful for you:
thanks!
I will start song 2 tonight.
oh wow!
how did that go?
i've always wanted to do a juice cleanse but I don't know if I could handle it!
i'm doing a general
Weekends go perfect with beaches.
I am at the groundbreaking for the Central Union Mission.
We are at the old Gales school at 65 Massachusetts Avenue.
Just bang my fucking head on the car door
so talented and young, i 3 you soo much
First day at the gym this semester.
Bout to be lookin like arnold schwarzennegro.
we had freezin cold, snow, rain/mud ha, looking forward to a summer shoot
Alright, time to hit the road, heading to Duluth for a few big estimates.
Yes I have, poor writing but I love the storyline :
quotethatmovie ...and, I love to dance
yah, those nasty corporations that create real jobs and wealth.
how much are tickets for for the 15th?
if killing wasn't illegal i think half of the people in my school would be dead.
Thanks for the Twitter following.
I've followed you right back.
Happy Mother's Day!
MAJOR announcement about The Vinyl Affair reunion tomorrow at 2.
Stay tuned to FB and twitter.
// PLEASE RT
yes, love:
I love Gaga
I know who said that : RT Heard throwbackweekend  is like my Dad, feel like I could get great advice from him
If i worte a song abt goinMINDLESS i wld call it To Mindless to Comprehend :
Just because you broke up with your baby daddy that does not mean you are divorced...
quit playing...
you were never married!!
If others could know and see, then there would be acceptance.Thank you for the info!It is what it is.
L'Albatros will be open for dinner on Valentine's Day, Sunday, February 14 from 59pm.
Make your reservations now.
2167917880
that mf is cold
love your version of Friday.
xD
is the reason why NPR rocks at !
for an antiracist account its very ignorant.
no wonder why u only have 135 followers.ur a racists evil person oh and im black
Good morning to all our TWEETS SFE Is in the gym  645
dude u saw the trailer i sent u
I hate when class is cancelled and the professordoesn't say anything...
You send bullshit emails all the time!
Send one saying your not coming!
I did as well!
Got it back now though.
Glad I'm not NASCAR fan who missed race this weekend
MLK Jr.
killed it, nailed it, etc with Letter from Birmingham Jail.
Impressive to read firsthand.
wow.
You're right!
well text me
dental dudes
Love the COW
me too!
they sold out of them in about two weeks from the Packers pro shop this fall.
It's the 2011 sideline cap.
Sorry!
The Perfect Gettaway Good movie overall, but the ending...
ARE YOU KIDDING ME???
It turned the movie into a comedy?!?!
RT You should ALWAYS be Friends Before Lovers : RT if you agree :
The session has begun!
Big shout to DJ Ayana  Caktuz for the Karaoke set.
Winning :
Yall know im bored right lol!
Rose bowl special 20 bucks unlim taps and halftime buffet, see you soon
we talked it up!!!
shh dont tell no one what i told you lol.
but yes we shall hang out again soon!
3
I now plan to end every email or conversation with the valediction Laters, Baby.
It simply can't be helped
no it wasn't fool!
It will never be!
Greenbay for the win!
3510
Hate to sell my oldschool lak but a nunu is on the horizon so out with the old and in with the new!!!!
Try Lavagna on 8th St SE, We would be happy to extend you a 25 off your check this evening.
good luck on your test, and happy valentines day!
Ran 8 miles this morning and just ate a stack of waffles and a whole large pizza by myself for lunch.
Behavioral hypocrisy is the best!
you probably made the right decision.
Number of times I've enjoyed writing more than doctornking: none.
training 2day is 8 mi.
for marathoners and 5 mi.
for halfers.
The lake  lighthouse is calling, see you on the peninsula.
what up ?
But why are you yelling doe
Omg!!!!
I woke up this morning SUPER sore
Aw thanks!
: That's awesome!
: Aww sorry about you being sick!
I hate when that happens.
Patiently waiting to see if Vinny will tweet anything about this day .
.
.
The fountain of musical ideas has run doctor 
when are you coming to the easy coast..?
that sounds awsome
EFFEN CUCUMBER officially my SUMMER doctornk
Show me why you deserve to have it all.
Nothing can be sweeter than the sound of making love 
I LOVE YOU!3
Oops.
Meant Results OF my poll.....
that ditto machine art concept is really cool.
thanks for sharing.
Intuition is one of the most reliable sources.
Listening to it is the biggest challenge.
totally packed and very festive!
Great day in Fallbrook!
Long day!
But it was great.
So excited about all the new things happening!
I'm makin moves, people!
Makin moves.
as I recall, you had some library stuff to do!
:
and I'll see you in may?
Doritos for breakfast
Prayers for so il.
Family and friends there...awful tornado 2 days ago.
Some people died/injured.
Keep fam and friends in prayers.
Stopping in at Costco on a Sunday.
Hope I make it out alive.
Happy Mothers day!!!!!
If one more person say i sound like chamillionaire im gonna scream lol
Whatever you do, stay away from the selftanner.
U.S.
Stocks finished in negative territory; SP falling below key 1400 milestone, investors stayed cautious ahead of Friday's key jobs data.
Alma: As you can see people arrive daily with the hope of finding work, with the hope of being employed permanently.
Those who stand for nothing fall for anything  Alexander Hamilton
S/O to Town Bizzness!!!
Sweet!
: awesome shoutout this morning on Vital Juice for your free Yin classes this month at the JCC!
Ugh so stressed, tired and distracted...and I have a migraine
I might have to eat soup for breakfast tomorrow.
you say I've got a million problems And I say you're got a million more To fix them i'd be a miracle worker Cause your not a typical whore
I miss Blockbuster.
Why does everything have to make sense while I'm in class?
At the most unexpected times.
This song is too poppy for me.
My mom about Daniel Powter's Cupid.
I think I have a budding music snob on my hands...
God please forgive them, for they don't know better.
Hair a bit on fire?
RT : I'm in my happy place.
My hair is a bit on fire, but man.
Happy.
Lindsay Lohan's Mom: 'The Paparazzi Is Just Stalking Her Right Now'
The Battle for Attention was fought in 2012 amongst various parts of self.
hottub.
blunt.
bed.
Vote for Juliet Simms people!!
SHE deserves to win.
She has pneumonia and still doing great.
VOTE VOTE VOTE!!
hey Siri is that rain?
Good morning!
I spy a sweet popcorn machine outside the firstfloor session room.
Walk off home run.
This one belongs to the Reds!!
I have a doctorer...
Results of Governor's Task Force on Unfunded Mandates?
Predictable.
Charged not to cost Va any money, it chased little things.
Playing with fake blood :P
is your site hosted in another time zone?
Has anyone gotten any great CyberMonday deals?
THANKS TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS!!
I REALLY APPRECIATE IT.
YOU CAN ALSO LIKE MY FACEBOOK PAGE..
Alexis Todd Original Superstar Pageant fan pg
Someone tell me who is bernie???
Please tell me who is she?
That's amazing!
I'm proud of you!
You have come so far from just being a boy from San Antonio.
Now your my hero!: I love you!
yes, bloody worked!
i'm doing 4ii..
was thinking nancy hobbes and rousseau.
do you have notes on rousseau at all?
Dear Newt Gingrich  Buy Calista another TIffany's diamond and leave us alone now.
Relaxing at Barton Springs with Amber  Lacey.
This place is wonderful.
Southern galpals, swimming  tanning.
Feel like I'm in high school.
thanks jay!
I'll check out your book for sure.
Well, I'm tall but my brother's even tallerhe's almost 6'4.
Yes, but has anyone rolled around on the hood of a Jaguar??
I think I'm going to put my first book out about sprouts with recipes and stuff.
It's an easy way to boost your nutrition.
No Im watching them right now :D
MISS YA!
sorry I missed it in DC.
I could only make 1 set and you were sold out.
How'd it go?
How are you bro?
Hang?
Whats up World...
Push it till it dies
Loved quote this am on radio: brewers should send a car to make sure Suppan makes it safely to stadium today Ahahahah!
Aight, is officially in my top ten!
freshly squeezed
hitting coaches take all the heat and don't ever get credit.
I want him to stay.
AJax is example enough why he should stay
ZAP QUOTE OF THE DAY: Rule 5: No Offensive Language.
Don't be an asshole.
So someone explain to me...is PandoraJam legal?
Preparing for another exciting day of doortodoor in Ward 5 with
As Times become harder  more difficult the only verse in practice is James 2:16.
Dubstep makes everything better
I just saw Food, Inc.
America must provide healthy food to all of its citizens not just those with  to pay for the expensive, healthy food!
Justin, we all knew you could do it.
You made us so proud.
Congrats.
you Earned/deserved this 3 :
Save the date for April 27, 2012 for this years annual Northern Colorado Dinner SUPERHEROES: Ordinary People Doing Extraordinary Deeds.
:P I didn't want to get annoying or anything so it was fairly short and sweet : hahahaha ohh i love those two doctormas 3
doctorve on the highway today that was a lil scary
Good luck to everyone running the half marathon tomorrow.
Bundle up!!
hahaha.
you're so kind!
Confucius say, writer with hand on keyboard lead to invented characters.
Conversely, hand up ass lead to lonely life.
No doubt!
RT : Appreciate u fam.
get at me.
spread the word
HappyMothersDay to all of the wonderful mother's in the world who pour their heart  soul into taking care of new life...
We need you :
Ron who????
Ron stoppable yeah
I should probably learn how to direct if I ever want to direct something.
So last night we ripped through some new songs, and i'm pretty sure god smiled.
FREE BBQ Dinner for all active military or veterans with proper Military or Vet ID!
So I painted the walls of my new studio a warm cream color.
The plan is to hang some art there tomorrow.
It's gonna be NICE!
I remember i went to a party once nd the girls that sold the doctornks kept giving me free doctornks because they liked my make up and costume lol
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop
PRESALE TICKETS FOR ASAP A SICK ALPHA PARTY WILL BE GOING ON SALE SOON.
BE SURE TO PURCHASE YA PRESALE ASAP FROM ANY BRUH
U CAN CATCH ME IN  GUNRU  TODAY WITH COPIES OF THIS  HUSLIN n ORDER vol.1 MIXTAPE ...I'LL BE IN INDIAN THIS WEEKEND PUSHN THE SAME ORDER
can u tweet if u at home on the computer?!?
Happy MeowMonday How are your feline friends doing?
finally Sam, welcome.
MMJ is one of my favs.
So yes, of course!
Haha, so cool.
:
OH yeah that was for a TCOT guy so I thought the extra ingedients would help him mellow out.
gotta love the haters.
My doctorAM is For You to Follow ME ,iWas Part Of Making Yours Come True, Now Make Mine Come Truue 3 iLoveyou!
;D Ill Never ...
Q Should writers bring props to help with their pitches?
First time watching Dance Moms ever!
I was up for over an hour before I realized it wasn't Monday.
Cosponsored How Homelessness Hurts Childoctorns Health  How You Can Help forum in Concord Sunday; great to bring local advocates together
You can bet that never gotta sweat that
May I recommend the tater tots appetizer?
M...
break me off a piece of that!!
I need a better source of income!
Still up grinding
: Listening to thinking about all the shit I wish I could change.
we're here for you 3
Leaders are people who know exactly who they are.
They know exactly where they want to go.
They're hellbent on getting there.
Shooting the final scenes of Rising Thursday, including how the horror began.
Why don't you say it a little louder I don't think the priest heard you.
since the shark was just out for a snack, and assuming the bomber jumped in the water, hand on his lanyard..
Poor shark.
How easy for you to now be with someone else...
Truth be told...
Completely breaks me...
What do I do with this?
So delighted with Joshua White's success at the Thelonious Monk competition.
A dazzling performer who deserves every success!
Local Business Owners Will Pay BIG BUCKS For This!
ITs is the HOT NICHE For 2012!
You May Be SHOCKED!...
yA and she was telling my mom how she isn't allowed to use her phone on week days and now that rule applies to me!
Shut your mouth I mean that in loving way.
what a great rainy dayy...
Sweden39;s Electrolux posts 22 increase in Q1 professort
Prayer is me talking to God and God talking to me
It's a site where you create virtual bulletin boards where you pin images.
I mostly use it to collect project ideas.
Sheryl Teuscher, our hearts jumped for joy at your generosity!
You have made us so elated and thankful!
We 3 You.
3 3 3
ok I like this.
um, I think I am the one that's honored.
I love what you are about!
Today in Boyle Heights: Boyle Heights History Night, 78:30PM!
Guests include Josefina Lopez reading poetry!
Not really that kind of a conversation.
Besides, he didn't ask, and neither did I.
It's pretty amazing how slow some things still are on the Internet.
Struggling with Websites and Outlook Web App tonight.
All the way to get success is the way you have to struggling first
Take calculated risks.
That is quite different from being rash.
George S.
Patton
If you have any enrollment questions, we can help!
Enrollment Helpline: 6082620920 or .edu.
no that's not true
Here we go again
lol no cause ima save up the money he gave m and ima pay her back with her money
LA Lakers LA Gears
I don't get why everyone says he liked me just because we made tons of eye contact..
Just found out today that one 89 year old residents use to be a stripper, idk they had those back in the day lmfao
Quote of the day: The education of circumstances is superior to that of tuition

feel like I have been criticized by every little thing you've said.
now I don't really care cause you're the one thats going down
Thanks!
I'm thinking of taking a day trip down to San Diego soon.
We'll have to meet up :
Hey slut, who cares if this girl sleeps over at her bfs house.
She could be much more pure than your ass.
hahaha....where R U from
good point.
There's still time for you to rethink your support of SOPA/ProtectIP
What a game,
Yes, I cant wait to do EVERYTHING!!
No sleeping 4 me while in the Bay!!!
;
I have too much stuff.
I just found a pair of shoes I know I haven't worn in at least 5 years that I didn't even remember I had.
.
discussing ways we can all make the academic conference better fit our needs  sitting how/where we need etc.
your cute...
Thanks for following and !
Don't forget, MOVIE NIGHT THIS FRIDAY!!!!
Get psyched!
We're going to have dance, music, movies  more!
DY Art Center 5:30  9:30.
BE THERE!
Jake your a twin too right?
always have to be prepared for that zombie apocalypse...
Talking Worship leading with friends and eating cheese cake.
puking at the lake.
Give him some kale.
Lovely Day by Bill Withers, among top pop of all time!
He's the Cole Porter of pop  mystically grt tunes.
On the flip side suckaz......
shiten ass bitches want to talk but can not put out...o Michelle Woods sucks dick for 25cents weres 50 lol.
We only have 3wks!?
RT : Heading to mlanet12 three weeks from today.
When I was a kid the only person who wore goofy glasses to a press conference was Kurt Rambis and that was because he couldn't see.
It's one of those days, so much to do not enough time!!
my 11 years old brother will come from IRAN only 4 ur concert at universal city, hope they give him a visa, he is over excited
Ok computer.
I'm willing to admit it's not you, it's me.
Now will you tell me what I can do to fix things?
Please??
supply and demand, no?
yea i was really doctornk tho was jus getting out of his car
happy tuesday!
;
It was a birding festival on the south S of Lake Erie.
I was so busy birding a partying that I've hardly posted anything yet.
Going to bed early
Peace, health and happiness to all in 2012.
YouKnowLifeIsGreatWhen...100 years ago you could buy a new car and charge people 1 cent to see it.
They knew you had money then
Hi Sweetie!
I hope today is better for you  Meg RT : Good morning beautiful.
Hope you are having a great day.
If the waitress doesn't have a visible tattoo the restaurant is usually too expensive for me
Happy Pi Day, y'all
Now way, it's TARGET.
Gingrich is OUT!
Who will continue the important work of moon colonization?
Denver Art Therapy Counseling Co., LLC  Life can be exceedingly challenging.
Normal, good people encounter difficult situations that...
My book, In Felony's Mirror: Reflections on Pain and Promise, will be available on Amazon in September.
RT : Bear down!
Good day at practice today!
But in some ways it's good that he isn't giving up....
Aw....
That sucks....
I hope he feels better once he wins Idol
sorry I missed u!
: good luck!
I was feeling fruity and was contemplating strawberry rhubarb since both are in season here
I swear Rep.
Elliot Engel must get there at noon every SOTU he's always on the front of the sidelines.
Hair modeling shoot today!
Dear , thank you for your ExportPDF service.
You have saved me countless hours of work retyping text.
Best 20 I've spent in a while.
The aim of marketing is to make selling superfluous.
Peter doctorcker
RT I can buy a ticket to the moon, but I cantv buy a white iPhone
just about haha
did the same thing..lost my appetite quickly!!
Also, Happy birthday!
yeah I heard it was the shit
A man's go to do what a man's got to do.
A woman must do what he can't.
Rhonda Hansome
Thx Trini!
Happy Friday to ya!
Cheesy noodles  hot sauce: nmmmmm
Palabra to your mother.
Tbch..
I love Probably one of the best belieber accounts out there.
Follow himm!
I don't do intensive stuff like gaming/video/photo.
Most multimedia/large files go on external HD or through AppleTV.
Holy God I still can't believe Morris' shot went in.
I hope he said eff it right before he took the shot.
I could give you no advice but this: to go into yourself and to explore the depths where your life wells forth.Rilke
IDC abt u u or u talking about Black Women or Black Fat.
Phooey on u Im better than that.
Now whats for dinner?
Booked the Adobe Conference Center for BarCamp Seattle.
Rejoice!
rejoicing and retweeting
Moorea is watching that sun.
It's starting to show, let's cross our fingers!
;
Rain rain go away...
Hey thank you so much for getting back with me, I sent you that email!
:
Lakers traded Derek Fisher to the Rockets.
Brb crying buckets of tears.
A good facial scrub before bedtime relaxes me.
Well, I'd rather have a glass of wine but this will have to do.
Stop it.
You're killing me haha.
Watching Swamp People :
Aww, thanks, my loves!
I love this!
I'm definitely taking the plunge Thanks for sending my way :
Everything.
Emily, if your reading this, i'm not mad or anything, i just want you to know you can tell me anything!
I love you!
3 xx
Ok..I am going to walk and get 66 dinner...and pray I find some energy lying on the sidewalk...
Prop8 declared unconstitutional!
Awesome news!
What time is dinner?
Looks GREAT
Got my other bitch fucking wit my other bitch.
So excited to be a goth cheerleader in the weird al yankovic concert at Warner theater tonight!
I mean not excited.
Whatever.
I don't care.
alright pimp
I'm going to sleep...
Literally sleeping the day away.
Not a bad day.
klout thinks I'm influential about World of Warcraft.
I don't even know what that is, nor have I ever tweeted about it.
I hate it when spiders just sit there on the walls and act like they pay rent.
Sedaris?
Or of late, Justin Halpern's Sht My Dad Says?
Beautiful morning at the market.
Join us for breakfast, live music, and great food before the afternoon bad weather moves in
Where is Maryland Poker player Benjamin Lin on the list?
Conference discount of 20 off on titles through the MLA2011 convention.
Visit us and make sure to check out our new MLA copublications
Edward Lewis just said Facebook is dying.
What do you think?
Is Twitter where it's at?
love xmas time 
But not really cause I'm not that kinda girl.
A man cannot directly choose his circumstances, but he can choose his thoughts, and so indirectly, yet surely, shape his circumstances.
Na
glad if it's true..no 7 hae been missing on the field..
how can Josh Johnson be under the radar?
He's a 2 time All Star who's been a stud since 2008
Do you trust me enough, to tell me your doctorams?
who's all down for a road trip?!
NowThatImOlder I wish I was younger!
Forget Mt.
Dew, I'm all jacked up on great coffee
I LOVE U
that would be way too much fun transit knitting club.
Going to a early dinner to celebrate
So saddened by the news about Donna Summer.
RIP
RT : The Washington Ballet's ''Alice'' is both a massive production and a massive hit.
Do you have your tickets?...
She's coming.
My heart is racing.
Holiday!
Naked man in front of my store gets arrested!
Another day in paradise :
What Laurie?!
I thought you would be rushing out to find it!
I assumed he was gonna say it wasn't workin,
See you soon friends ...
I had one of those little pies today!!!
LOL!!!
This week passed by so fast I blinked and it was over!
Being busy and growing a business is the American doctoram!
CompCloud ...
Cascade Orthopedic reps check their salescomp numbers daily.
Now that is inspiration.
Horrible bosses was pretty funny I thought, Moneyball a great movie if you're even slightly interested in baseball.
Thanks for visiting.
It's still under construction.
LOTS more coming.
I hope you'll join  come back often.
What is your favorite pizza topping?
lol.
Are you gonna make a daddy and son song?
Like Jamie fox?
Didn't expect a beat down
Spending the day with momma 3
UGH!
Double science  its okay, its almost over ..
Tweet me !
Lol jkkk I have math next
Breakfast for dinner tonight!
Come in  try some of our customer's favorites.
wait are they only staying for the weekend?!
Don't add someone on FB, see them at the club  tell them to add you on FB.
You look like a damn fool.
Shoot me a text if you are headed to Vegas this weekend...ROBBIE RIVERA at Surrender on Saturday, I got you!
480.612.3337
Heading to west va.gettin some family time
oh yee i forgot u will never shut up bby;
Please add me to your myriad of followers;2nd contactthink A s
that's cool:
I hope you don't get known for nothing crazy.
stlcards And just like that Cards are 10.5 back Brewers.
Last week's sweep all for naught.
This team has no more fight in it.
Bye, Tony!
Hoop time CSU
I had lunch with a Canadian.
it's not that late...
yessssir, and good.
I'm glad to help.
Check your messages pls.
:
Don't make me hit you with my pocketbook.
Rappin in French?
I admit it is HOT!!
Amazing start to the Grammys.
Can't wait to see live again!
what up bro!
hows it going??
Can't wait for the big surprise wednesday!!
How does linked data impact the web 2.0 business model?
love all of you!!
we're gonna kick ass tomorrow:
thanks!
mighty kind of you to say!
Haha!
I wish I had the room for a big BBQ party.
One of these days we can do a FOX 12 Weather BBQ Tweetup.
Hey Ladies!
Its your night in the restaurant, all of your food is 50 off tonight!
I really love my friends.
Especially 3
If hes not here, im going home, no afterschool
There's a town in NJ called Bernardsville.
You know a person's not a local if they get it wrong.
Guess ill slide and grabs some dutches
Jessica Lefkow evokes 'Loops' episode in thinking about patterns in first scene.
I think you can still attend, but the time has past for a free doctornk ticket via the tutorial.
is checking on this
it's gorgeous days like today when going to Fire Island like Aunt Joanne suggested would be amazing!!
haha we gonna win no need to worry we gonna win champions league ;
oh mister, you warm this troublemaking critic's heart with Tangerine.
Lovely opening for BestShowWFMU tonight.
do you think he did the Gebco dance when he got the news?
good day today...much better than yesterday!
Cute guy ordered a crazy banana split but was super nice about it.
Which part is the surprising part for you?
First name Rissa.
Last name Parker.
: RT: It appears, Rush Limbaugh has pissed off the wrong people// stopRush
I feel like a cranky old woman , I dont wanna hear no ones mouth , just peace  quiet for just 10 sec
Unless we change our thinking, it will not matter how much money we make.
We will never become wealthy.
Happy when your not around ; go Back to work!
I'm really down with any kind of flying if it involves a castle :.
Also btw, how are you?
Waka waka she she la do.
My sister held that ring last Friday.
Said G is messed up, stones loose.
Was either thrown or run over by car...
boii u dumb .
Look him up lol
'High Noon' is one of my favorite Gary Cooper films.
I hear a remake is in the works.
Meh.
ah well I have given thought to doing the same via bike but across the country
i guess im just curious as to why YoMamaSoFat is trending on here ?
What do you think was the worst first round pick?
G.M.N.I.: My niece has too much energy 2day.
I'm worn thee fuck out '
you guys are amazing!
I love this show and hope to join your team someday!
Ol' little dick nigga!
Plaxico is hosting Prive New Year's Eve this year...
free groin shots for everyone.
Pass it on!
Check out sobenewyears.com.
You wish Pittsburgh had a basketball team, but pull for Boston since they don't.
Why you hating on Philly so hard?
with doctorke?
I am not ashamed to say I like his new album
you've been hacked
yep!
How did you know?
Well we aren't starting
Congratulations to Bryce Harper for hitting HR No.
1.
You always remember your first time...around the bases.
Jessica Sanchez?!?!
LOVE her!
I started this account about 3 hours ago and now I have 79 followers...must be working!
:
Sweet Fbomb from Gerald Wallace.
feeling cool because follows me.
Yessiree.
Will you be having any later?
LAKERS WIN!
LAKERS WIN!
LAKERS WIN!
No World Peace, No offense coordinator coach, No Bynum, No Problem!
no it isn't they're unisex shoes!
Congrats.
Break out the grill, beer brats and a 12pack of Spotted Cow then!
A slow mo AGH cam of the Marlins home run statue?
Ugh.
I can listen to him all night !
where you out at?
raider affiliates and fam out here that fucks with ya
sleep time
Turn the heat on!
And sleep!
GreatIdeas haha
thanks igniters for making me feel like I'll have all the time in the world during my 12 minutes on a panel
it was raining so we couldn't stay outside and we had to go into the gym and i hate doing that so we chilled there haha
Had a great movie night w/ the family watching misterPopper's Penguins.
A little sappy but cute.
Can't beat quality family time.
is heading off to New York City for the next week.
I should go to sleep :/
Already 61 degrees on Bainbridge Island...it's going to be great out today!
Maybe I can move my desk outside today?
The media wants to edit and show coon and we except it and/or are apart of it.
Ok!
Tweet me anytime.
I'm usually here unless mom needs puter 2 work or I'm in trouble.
Um, I get into trouble a lot.
:o
Just erased three ppl numbers
I love the Office.
Simple changes in wall design can save kid's in school during earthquakes Revkin's mission is to get the info shared
Nice work!
:D
Praise GOD
A Pancho will come in handy right around now.
And no I do not mean my uncle!
Is there a better way to start off the month than a piping hot pizza for lunch?
We think not.
S/O to who is super cute:
Updated the filmmakers page with the addition of our visual effects guy Aaron NelsonCaviglia and one of our choreographer Rowan SpiersFloyd
Landy aka mama is so damn bad!

Oomf has the SWEETEST kisses!!!
M
Hi could you have Roi email me a run down of everything he wants us to do?
He will understand what I'm talking about.
I love you 19
just gotta love learning new things !
especially when they finally start hitting !
puttin the team on his back like dat doe!!
Everybody a bunch of bitches
that means that Stephen A Smith is vindicated.
He said it first.
Btw, haven't watched a minute of the egofest.
Love your life, only you can create your own happiness, hope everyone has a good day, i love all you people!
yeah but he doesn't have swift, awesome oneliners like Tony Stark
I like my music real loud
liamlovedirectioners SCORE!
What a nice man...
hah ok I'll walk fast
Man the suit this guy has on is sharp.
Im gonna ask him if I can borrow it!
I admit it, I had to look it up.
More of a fighterati than a literati.
But when me cometh to SG, we should find a bar like that.
will yall help us get our followers up by spreading the word about us!
Please follow
You talkin' to me??
LOL  I'm lost in Tweetdeck world  where are you????
But just the result of me paying attention/ to these women who think like men with the same intentions.
need a rt for my boy he put up with some serious bullst tonight...
im more than glad im complete:
Think I might take her öut ..when I leave the studio ...
i really wish i was at the DC show right!!!
Actually it is and
Man I hate infomercials
I think Seau is a lesson to all.
Sit back and love this shit bc we only get one chance
Dead tired, need to practice speech uhghhh
any word on who may fill that last US roster spot
thank you for the RT,Todd
Claire has ruined me.
I can't stop saying it.
That's a Brand New album cover.
Fact.
I never noticed b4 but that heifer got herself n2 all that mess b/c she WISHED the Goblins to take the baby away?!?
wordspower
see, that's why Brotha's love white women !!
The 2012 Trail Grazers Cow Calendar is now out!
Like this post if you hope to find one in your stocking this year.
team game, dude.
Not horse or 1 on 1.
Boston plays team ball and that'll beat 2 duplicative talents.
Need Bosh.
a really hot picture of us before football!
x
I AIN'T EVEN MAD.
LOL

yea?
So your avi ....
Who do you model for?
Lmao.
Connectivity is a barrier to access in Sub Saharan Africa, further marginalizing groups who are already politically marginalized
Girls need to realize wearing pants past your belly button is so unattractive...
Yes, leave from Miami.
Going to Key West, Grand Cayman and Jamaica.
I'm so nervous for DD right now....
what is a cat's favorite breakfast cereal?
Mice Krispies
thanks, lady :
Go Pads!
It's Friday!!
That means Fish FryWhere will you go tonight for a fish fry?
Back in da House of da Lord celebrating 1st Lady Proctor's bday...
Looking at 200 photos submitted on for a exh/competition.
We'll be curating a site; there's a lot of talent !
Evolving is not about looking back, it's always about moving forward
to be honest yes i want this paper to write itself
Good morning everyone, wishing you a very positive day, Enjoy it!!!
Stay happy as long as you can!
Show this video to your kids.
You'll both bet a good laugh and maybe a lesson too.
Video: This is how to teach teens the perils of distracte
there are probably 200 bookstores in this room alone via
I kno cause on my Hanover it said I had a 81.7 but she gave me a c and everything was graded so I emailed her but no answer
I have my tickets for the concert in Vegas!
I can't wait to see you guys!
You truly saved my life 3 I am so proud of you
CATCH ME IN PERFECTIONS TONIGHT !!
How was your field trip?
Authors, great new collaboration coming soon between , and
Cheers to weekend!
Anyone trying a new beer?
Playing Kingdom Hearts.
thinks that you shouldn't wait to reserve those Bruschetta tickets!
just lost points lmao.
I'll take it!
Way to battle back!!
We are still alive!
Let's bring it back to Orlando!!
, we coming for that spot to take it back...
Jamlaplaylist...Taking the army to the beach...
Sorry won't be open tonight.
Flat tire on freeway and wouldn't you know, a flat spare tire!!
hahaha what are you trying to say?!?
yeah I have it in the fall I'm sure it will be awful
Man, first her parrot now her dog.
Sad :'
RT : When you know what you want, and want it bad enough, you will find a way to get it.
Harry Potter needs 8 movies to seek and destroy Voldemort.
Chuck Norris needs 4 seconds.
hurry up!
Lol
im coming love.
but what's rickys though ?
I'm friends with u here silly.
Last day producing Live at 4 this week.
Got some fun, different elements in the show todaya couple live interviews..
mixin it up!
hey guys!
A NEW Victorious in 0 minutes!
nick!
nick!
nick!
change the channel RIGHT NOW!
your reaction to the men showing up was perfect!!
LOL!
We support
My cat just tried to hijack this Twitter walking all over the keyboard.
This lady was giving me head, stopped, reached into her purse, pulled out a butterfinger and ate it.
lol...
Did you aak what that means?
aw cute:
Experience in medical, law, and museum libraries and a taxonomy, and not even out of library school yet.
Definitely an member.
Does it get hot in the summer though?
East County type hot?
lol
This ensemble has the passion for this art form and is sure to perform from the heart!
Lob city!!
once you had the best you cant do better point .blank period.
:
tweet me !
:D
Agree!
RT : True affirmation of another has the power to develop true change
I have heard about flurries but this shit is taking like 20 seconds to hit the ground.
Thanks!
Consider adding url to your professorle.
You only come around when it's beneficial for you.
Lots of multiples.
Is it better to have 45 outlets or concentrate efforts on one or two to build audience/community?
i love you too : cash
Austin's favorite color is red.
RT if you like the color red!
:
I want to live down here.
Also, a HUGE thank you to GOD.
God, was our first donator with 100 heavenly dollars!
So excited about new upcoming programs on ResearchChannel: efforts to save the silky sifaka lemurs of Madagascar, research on memory  more
Consider your body a canvas.
It's up to you whether you create a masterpiece or a cartoon.
can you register  the door for the symphony happy hour?
News of Chuck Brown's death is apparently crashing website
Today at the Burnheart'sPBR block party we're serving our monstrous slices with either cheese, pepperoni, italian sausage, or vegan sausage.
whats with Houston getting no love?
see isn't that song great and pretty
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
yeah....
lolol.
i can see them on my ipod though : but im not on it right now.
Life is not about if you see the cup as half full or half empty it only matters what you are doctornking, water or posionMark Ibrahim
Oh gosh no he is Not famous..
LaSwagga needs an investor for a tour after the tour we leave for in May.
All investors receive 150 back of what they invest.
LetsGo!
Not to be racist...
But when someone speaks a different language all I hear is ching chong chang or hola hola taco!
Or comisterdes.
you're pretty.
thx for the FF.
a little delayed.
busy with writing :
Did you know that Miami is the Wreckreational Diving Capital of the World, containing over 50 diveable wreck sites.
Off to the ZOO!
Can't wait to see the snakes and monkeys!
your a AList now.
Leave the RHOA is the dust.
These women and show are a wet towel on you career.
how did you start acting?
indeed 'tis.
But makes sense.
Still sad.
I am always doing things I cant do.
That is how I get to do them.
Pablo Picasso
RT : Wow.
to deliver
I won't be able to come to work today, cos' my goat committed suicide.
In rural area's, grazing goat's are tied with a st...
I'll direct message you my email addoctorss and you can tell me all about the project What you need done, type of music, etc.
doctorading this weekend!
Still Bobby Roode.
Highest attrition in hospitality, aviation sectors: Survey
A Saturday night  which I figured would be challenging.
Working with a group that loves AJBs but of course it's a peak time!
look at your cute new icon!
Where'd you get it?
Why This Miami Dolphins Fan Cant Wait for Miller Time in 2012
Really?
You should understand our excitement more than anyone else fellow cellar dweller
Just had a great program about Aunt Molly Jackson.
You would've enjoyed it...looking forward to your next book!
We're excited to meet new dancers!
will you join us Sunday?
Thanks for RT
I am at the point in my life where i give up and say fuck it..i just dont care any more..my heart is geting cold and cold i dont care...
dinner and beers at hopleaf  overstuffed goodness
I can neither confirm nor deny that I fought a snuggy before the game and am wearing it's hide as a victory belt.
Happy birthday!
Enjoy your day :
but you know shat that means emotions make my fanfic chapters better muaha
One singular goal  Create students who have the will to .
I haven't tried it myself.
If you're moving blind I think there are 2 solid options...
How big was the HDD of your very first desktop machine?
That girl is crazy!
Sveum might want to just jump ahead and get that position player out to the mound right now.
Finished video chatting w/ a customer for 2 hrs to finalize finishes in her home.
We go above and beyond for our customers at Lake Bluff!
Holy crap.
I totally just got asked out on a bona fide actual date.
And I said yes.
SO WEIRD.
essays suck.
my right arm is definitely bigger than my left now.
Did everyone have a good Halloween yesterday???
:
1 store.
1 store getting some delicious sheet cake.
when is it
Ignorance is bliss.
Sorry, I have to head out.
Have a fun chat, everybody!
Yay  I no longer feel guilty!
Informed reviews ain't free, bottom line.
UGC  hit 'n miss
got that sudiproject yet?
So, how is the new cat working out for you?
I'm so sad I just broke my iphone
so I give up trying to get you to tweet of follow me..
thanks for spreading the word!
That whole arguement started with McDonald's.
You aint 'bout this life.
lmao
Thank You !
Hope You Watch :
Coloring Easter eggs with thee fam and
With the end of soccer season here in Philadelphia, I am left with hockey and football
Don't sell yourself short; coprophiliacs would probably be into that.
No..thank you!!
Totally excited to see you!
RT Thanks to all who came out to tonight!
don't live to impress people.
This is what I call 'Jealousy and Boredom', don't take notice.
There's nothing wrong with you.
RT : Aw shucky ducky!
It's as much fun to type as it is to shucky duck!
we'll try to order up some sunshine for you in Seattle...
Happy trails!
And I concede lol
that means a lot coming from a big shot like you!
cee lo actually means see low.
Because he looks so short lol
Too bad I have to have people do mine because I can't do one
another revelation.
Why, you think you saw his car?
No.
I think I saw your car.
Im wasting my time
Unfortunately won't have a doctorid version out in time for Black Friday :
if I hear one more bloody ad for Valentine's Day flower services....!!!!
my wife's getting a bottle of wine and a good time, no flowers!
I call mine Jaynestown to go along with my Firefly named devices.
just bought my tix for FiveYearEngagement tonight, SO EXCITE!
Guys will always be able to make girls cry but, if a girl can make a guy cry......
she must really mean something to him...3 ..
Mike, thanks for the welcome tweet!
Yes, we have good things on deck.
Stay tuned.
Learning English as a foreign language?
How do you say your phone number?
Contact us for pronunciation and intonation support
GCSE League table debate demonstrates measurement so critical to learning initiatives at every level
Joe Beesman Hall spotted behind the backstop at the UKIU baseball game on
All Beliebers Please follow me i donate 10 cens to pencils of promise please follow me and help me make change in 2011!!
Do u like or dislike Kevin Nash?
Thanks for the HTML5 Brunch shoutout, Gene!
Missed the top 10 by this much!
And thanks so much for making it so fun!!
GAME DAY...
Bear Down Cats!
We've got plenty of tvs, inside and on the patio to watch the game and enjoy an ice cold beer!
also, Thanks for the reminder!
Really don't want to leave that page up anymore!
It don't matter your race, just take a blunt to the face
Hazlett points out we've evolved beyond broadcasting but govt still protecting them to detriment of broadband and consumers
woo thats kid any tanagents in it ;?
jeans hightops idk wit top what abot u?
Have fun in the city!
:D
dammit your kid is like three days old and you haven't sent a photo yet.
What, are you busy or something?
Ouch!
I cut my finger :
we can get there bro!!
But No more chimichangassss.
I've been waiting all day for ya babe So won't cha come and sit and talk to me And tell me how we're gonna be together always.
do you guys really believe in that horoscope horseshit?
Like Buffalo Wings  Cheese Steaks?
Good ole bar food!
Tonight Live at 6pm LA time 9 East Coast.
all new SINGLE CHEF www.theroomlive.com
RT : We hope you can join us for our LIVE Twitter chat today from 23 pm.
Topic: Outdoors in ElPaso.
Use
will you be mi Amor..?!
:P
I just realized that if Dick Clark has passed..
Who will ring in the new year?
We'll played Mayans..
Well played.
Sometimes my gifted 9th graders would prefer a textbook.
It requires a lot less critical thinking and collaboration:.
Who said I ever went to bed?
;
Atleast you took a picture of the title 
when did u go??
I love when Packers follow me!
Thanks !
omg can you send me the link, i cant find a good one
One of the many reasons is awesome: he indulges my love of Voltron!
I ain't gone flex, I'm not gone front, you know if I ball then we all gone stunt!
I wish it were my own, but all the credit goes to Jack London :
Knowing where you stand is the best piece if information ever.....
Happy Monday Coach K Nation, you can't win a championship by complaining!
THE COACH K OF LIFE
I also love hearing how much everyone here loves  uses their !
why the hell did i get up??
school is the last place i want to be.
Really like your work!
Luv all my followers not trynna sound greedy but i would like more
unable to provide customer service.
Do better.
So you went to the game??!!
Ha you loser, why you didn't tell anyone...smh FAKE!!
happy bday old man
Good, solid doctorve by Vick and the birds.
Need a good stop by the D.
Artmaking taps into our flexible intelligence, helps us remember our connections, feel hopeful, hold contradictions...
why is CongratsGaga trending?
she's not having demon spawn is she?
The really bad part of that is U will send the message Telling them to call they still send Txt messages  emails ..
???
WTH SMH
We'll be releasing our new single God Bless Yoga Pants this Wednesday!
We'll also be chatting/playing acoustic on stickam shortly after!
I have those thoughts as well...
I'm not the problem.
You are.
New BOSTON song coming today!
Mind of a genius.
Talent  Potential of a multimillionaire
All this time I been following
LARP keepin it real on the U of A campus.
Hehe love it!
I'm baking me some cookies until my mom comes home to cook me dinner
Its ALIVE!
its ALIVE..
YEAAHUHUWAHAHAHAAAHAHAHA
Been struggling with that off and on for a few weeks.
Usually happens in regular site.
Might have to resync/download app again.
we have 13 dollar presale tickets.
Get at me here if you are in need.
Anybody else jump rope?
Am I the only one who doublejumps for each turn of the rope?
easy!
Thanks for sending the full link.
Awww, strip club visit cancelled.
The big tough guys got tuckered out.
I feel like I missed male anthropology class.
for all of us who have walked past the screaming kid in Walmart and thought I'd be high ALL THE TIME IF THAT WAS MY KID.
Great day laying by the pool!!
:
You Are On Fire Today : 
Grateful  thank GOD for a peaceful home,I luv looking thru the window at the trees unfortunately I'm not for the creepy crawlers out there.
It is time for exercise.
Weight lifting.
Then cardio.
But then the difficult yet most important part.
LOW FAT.
LOW CARBS 1gram protein/Kg
Long Brewers game.
I may need to fire up the grill again.
I'm
The time I've spent studying tonight for my AP tests tomorrow is about the same amount of time the O's spent finding corner infield defense.
Fuck love because everytime I put my heart out there it gets stomped on.
Go out and support local music this weekend!
ROCK n' Roll!
Napa?
Nice, me and my ex did a tequila tasting in Mex.
She got hammered, punched me in the face  flew home.
Gotta do something fun to speed things up
Bernie Sanders.........one of the VERY FEW lawmakers who is actually LISTENING to the People!
Bernie, you're our Hero!!
not at all!
Looking forward to connecting!!
I'll warn you I'm slow with FB messages.
So just tweetremind me :
It came from Mike epps mouth himself another Friday will cum out this summer starring himself and Chris Tucker...PS don't bootleg go see it
Well with all my college/scholarship stuff done..
nothing left to do but wait.
It's making me anxious to go!!
lol that's what I said!

Stanford actually owns the patent to Google's algorithm.
Google gave away 1.8 million shares in exchange for exclusive rights.
My twitter randomly unfollows  follows people..
random channel for hitters, the weather channel
There is so much to say and yet I find the words inadequate to describe the absolute beauty of her
That's what I assume, but they don't specifiy.
I C right thru U
ill miss you to haha!
im trying to figure out how to delete it lmaoo!
Hopefully this time they won't all be about National Treasure.....just kidding.
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back  Arthur Rubinstein.
Today was the best day ever we had so much fun!!!
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes.
Art is knowing which ones to keep
Creativity is a characteristic given to all human beings at birth
How is it that my 8 year old son was able to dominate me in Madden 2010 for PS3?
Relentless.
Play calling.
Smack talk.
The whole bit....
RT  is not about how you look, it's about how people assign meaning to how you look.
Robin D.G.
Kelley, Historian
Simpson Strong Tie SETXP22 22oz Structural EpoxyTie Anchoring anchoring adhesive
Shamistercks start game with three wellhit base knocks and now have runners at corners w/ 1 out in B1.
Tornado watch is in effect for Bay, Calhoun, Escambia, Gulf, Holmes, Jackson, Okaloosa, Santa Rosa, Walton  Washington Counties  til 2pm.
RT dear happy me, stop spending money.
love, responsible me.
would like to meet a man named Ravi.
Cripple of Inishmaan are on TUESDAY!
Contact Matt McIver if interested!
Audition 4 with David Wallimon with and !
jealous I wish I could be there!
Come to NYC!!!

i really hope we can wear button ups next year .
Them ugly ass polos piss me off .
great job Ravens
My childoctorn are a blessing.
Feeling like I should have more
Thought I was getting a good camera op rate until Don Omar mentioned his.
150k/hour!
Nevermind.
You're cute
Yeah...
I already miss Morgantown.
It's WAY better than this area.
Hey Cameron, thanks for the lousy Customer Service.
Good luck with your customer visits today!
:
Stop it.
You're making too much sense...
You know, everyone is adapted to frigid temps, even my...
Just loaded some new questions into SportingExplore live play.
Lock in your answers!
Plaid's all good?
makeup op doen
I'm so graceful, it hurts.
I mean, I literally hurt myself with my grace.
I usually don't like Applebee's but it was fire today
More bad news.
I just wanna get on with my life
i definitely will!
haha ;.
i'll keep you posted!
Cheating or your woman is what chumps do, step up and be real to her and yourself!
If you don't want her let her go, somebody else will...
AaronCarteronGlee gurl please, he follows me on twitter.
LOL, if I was smart enough to do that, I would, but not quite sure how.
I'll have some free time  work, maybe I'll try 2nite
New dance shoes will debut tomorrow.
Can't wait!
Hi sorry for late response.
I wasn't getting my messages for some reason.
Thanks for looking!
ReplaceTitlesWithTampons SemiTampon
RT thanks Booskie and I sure will luv u n my boo thing MaJur cant wait 2 c u later/ love u too!!
Can't wait!!
Just got in from the pool
Assembly Speaker Jeff Fitzgerald raises just 77,000 in last quarter of year, far behind Tommy Thompson and Mark Neumann
Real men never stop trying to show a girl how much she means to him, even after he's got her.
We love Thanks for the awesome interview.
You were a pleasure to talk with and a sweetheart.
:
whats on the agenda:Securities Lending Outlook
Last Day of break before school.
Been so damn long.
HAM this semester.
lol yeah right.
What is a good diva name?
Its for my rocket.
Hearing in computer class!
Full blast haha with
Continued...
Pachyderm project iPad app generated by
I'll Be In VA Later Tonight 
OMG OMG OMG.
IM SO EXCITED.
I guess this game could be worse; It could be on Versus ...
Also, if you can pass it on to as many people as you can!
Thanks!
why dont I have friends like Carrie Bradshaw?
I need Miranda, Charlotte and Samantha here ASAP.
Its time for a change!
Who needs bosh?
let's stress ;
For sure!
There are all kinds of words that are benign over here but inspire fits of naughty giggling in our UK counterparts
don't worry cutie u.u
Thanks for the RT!
Hope you have a beautiful Tuesday :
Would you like to be in my video for Austin?
:
Happy mm to everyone!!
What's on your playlist?
Don't ask me for SHIT, I ain't doing SHIT, Errrrbody can get it how they live!
Kind of like how my family thinks I know everything about IT since I work with a computer all day.
Uh oh...
That doesn't sound good.
Yes you do!
You don't say it ert.
It's air ret.
Hear the H in that?
Yea, you do!
Long view.
HAHAHA Yes.
It is, actually.
Not sure if we want that treatment, but we certainly might need it.
What a clever device, and there's no bargaining with it!
The lessons learned from history depend on the quality of the student
Passed out during the Fifty Shades of Grey skit on SNL last night and had nightmares.
I CAN'T UNSEE IT.
Did Biz Markie have a xmas album?
Because I think I just heard him singing about santa.
You cut spending and we'll keep cutting class.
Charmaine Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
I just got semi asked out....
Im good just seeing whats up with u
Music to get me going today will be George Harrison All Things Must Pass.
Such a great record!
Coming up right after NASCAR on Fox 9 we'll show you the progress of those dangerous storms approaching MN.
I'm neither of those things, trying not to throw up is what I'm doing...hence why I was looking for delivery..
Had a wonderful day cleaning windows!
you should make bacon and then replace the butter in the recipe with the bacon fat!
Fresh Webb Masta Haircut, looking Sexy for the 2012 Spring Fling Festival me and bout to TEAR DOWN !!!
B
I feel like were the only Mexican family in WinCo right now
I demolished that tuna melt and those steak bites.
That was a perfect 1UP.
Time to doctornk again?
Happy Pilot season all...
:
One more week till I'm a senior and one step closer to growing up!
happy birthday mister plum!
text me.
I need advice.
stateofthecity Mayor says he's proud of Hanna avenue repair project
Up at 4 am.
Baby went back to sleep, wife hasn't stopped.
I refuse to work before the sunrise.
One of the worst phantom calls I've ever seen
Thank you to all who came out yesterday for the Grand Opening of Red Ivy Sports Club!
We had a blast and hope you did too :
Dodgers are claiming Bryan Stow shares blame for getting assaulted.
Somewhat like saying a raped woman was asking for it.
The text message and email alerts have worked very well for me.
Keep it up!
Healthy weight loss or gain should not exceed 12 pounds per week, also check with a dietitian or doctor before starting to make sure its safe
Rough way to start the week
on the playground is where i spent most of my days
How about This is a Coalition update only, but be aware we may ask for your help and action in the future.
at the start?
if billups was playing, i would be worried..
Goodbye my friend
Peyton Manning would own Jeremy Lamb on Xbox 360 or PS3 with team Africa in Fifa 2013.
Take an iPhoto and SyncWithTwitter Uganda
slaving away with my writing partner
About to Bang the chick you DM on twitter
Happy Mothers Day!
Perfect fall weather for an pumpkinspice latte.
Luckily there was no sign of mistereePee at my location
when people tell on you for havin 4 people on your team in the gym '
so does my job but the money is worth it.
Lol.
;
thank you!
:
Actually not sure if slideshare Tour is 508compliant, but I'm not too familiar with adaptive tech.
?
Is Owen Wilson somehow not a complete doofus in it?
Checkout our Pitt Football Tailgating Game
Next uses different algorithms to determine relevance.
I don't like that I can't know what's under the hood.
Forgot who said it but the Yankees have three HOFers in their infield.
Tex ain't too shabby either.
You still up?
:
Did you or your brothers ever get to work with doctor Death Steve Williams?
Distribution: pushing content from one source to infinite  of locations, but does not guarantee initial source meta is maintained.
Oh Yeahh Huh!
: THanks 4 The Advice Of Music!!
November is Rosehaven's Month.
Stay tuned for details and release date of our upcoming film 'Fair Play'!!!
why we just can't be greedy :
It is a roasted butternut squash and red potato kind of night!
Dont hate us musicians because we do things you cant and prolly wont ever do.
Testing was easy
Some of the new Fall Shows look great...
anyone seen a comprehensive list yet of what was picked up?
Speedoctorels has an inquiring mind.
I just saw they won 5 grammy's including album of the year.
Pretty awesome.
Their new album is maybe their best
Since I'm stalking you on Facebook, Twitter and Google, it's only a matter of time until our paths cross.
Hope U had fun.
you're so welcome RT: Thank you so much, you're so sweet 3
I want to get a VIP ticket.
D:
ugh i hate that shit .
im not a mf taxi  .
Thanks for the promo for Bike Night!
God, its raining, again.
And this time its a damn storm
70 of Swedish women claim to have participated in a threesome.
alright let's not be funny..lol I can just hear his grind.
But hey that's my opinion he ain't helping My Cause so Next 
: I hate when you can't tell if a girl Is flirting, or just being nice.
learn
For the past few nights I've gone to sleep at midnight.
Then, I wake up without an alarm at 4:00AM.
Okay body.
check out my web site.
multi site retail manager.
www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
I personally don't like the cp3 trade why couldn't we just send Pau and not odom until we got superman
Crazy day at crystalmountain.
So much snow  over the head powder shots all day
First phase is see what the conference can broker.
After that, AFA will have to mull its options RT What station?
Pay per view?
The fluttery feeling of getting flowers from someone special officially cancelled.
Is this the first time doctorver was in the final two?
The subtle racism these people embraced while POTUS was White became blatant racism after Pres Obama was elected.
I WANNA BE FAMOUS !
Life's tragedy is that we get old too soon and wise too late  Ben Franklin
suck!
mean and inconsiderate!
Community and Creativity at Carmen Oaks.
Handson art programs, music, intergenerational mural making...
You guys, I just bought new colors on doctorw Something and I'm really excited about it.
RT : I have the funniest little sister I swear
Thanks Roomie!
Still not sure exactly how to use this thing, i feel like a Grandma whose grandchildoctorn set up her twitter.
ZirMed offers a SaaS, cloud solution for your healthcare patients to pay online.
onlinebillpay Let us show you what we can do for you.
Thanks for RTs and mentions:
I read that last sentence in Grandpa Simpsons voice.
After 6 rounds of this 12round fight, pretty even.
Now we're in the 8th round and the Ducks have been knocked down twice  staggering
iLoveMyMomBecause no matter what I know she'll always be there for me
Yes sir
in there with his 1st win what up doe!!!
GOD doesn't bless America.
Capitalists would like us to think otherwise.
One was an escape and one was reality.
In life, which one is it that we can't live without?
what's up with Marriot?
I haven't heard from yo in fo'ever!
Walking your talk is hard but usually more fun!
This is the year of Enterprise and productivity apps!
Says 's Tim Chang.
NIght tweets!
Fully enjoyed my weekend on set, but am definitely enjoying catching up on tv.
invoking The Name of the Rose first thing in crosschannel keynote talk...great way to start!
Update....
will be performing at the Jimmy Buffett concert May 26th Farm Bureau Live Amphitheater Virginia Beach, VA
: Mitt Romney is a perfect example of GOP morality: organizes proVietnam war demonstration, runs to France to avoid doctorft.
Junior Jose Estrada of Montebello CantwellSacred Heart is putting on an offensive show in the Southern Section 50 Pts.
Fly Over States NowPlaying and win tickets NEXT on
About to finish my essay  :
that just made my night.
LMAO I bet they did ruin MTV somehow, some of their ealier work.
They also made Buckner miss that ball.
:
Ya know, I miss having a boyfriend.
UVic to host CanadaU.S.
field hockey games  Victoria Times Colonist
ThingsISayWhileReadingMyTL this dude has to be on something..
your pretty thankz for following me;
sometimes you have to say goodbye to the ones you love if its meant to be they will come back if not smile because there used to be
it's background music haha
Gotta love this home plate umpires call
I am HUNGRY!!!!
Now we fuccin n she cussin she can't take no more of me
I wish I was in N.Y right now getting a cream cheese bagel I miss my morning bagels in ny.
I just miss you all together!!!
Devastating!!
Smh
you can't give me the silent treatment!
I give you the silent treatment!
Looks like ive made a mess of things.
From the cosmos.
Gotta get things together because at the end of the year I'm moving out!!!
I can't work out if this is because I am considered of good character or if I make you look good by comparison
Kev Kev's about to ride his first ferris wheel since 1989.
Get excited.
OMGosh finally met owner of my building.
Single nice funny  his daughter went to the same school as mine!!!
Small world.
A very good day..
I think I'm worth it.
happy belated birthday
Is a lil frustrated rite now
No one greater than Randy Watson sexualchocolate Awesome golf!
My 102 tweet goes out to And ......
Idk why lol
RT Elephants can be taught how to paint.
Those poor fellow flyers!
RT Flight home from AWP with , , and Michael Downs was serious fun.
If Tebow would have patted him on the knee instead of the head he woulda been back in the game.....
Happy Friday!
Interested in attending the Institute for Integrative Nutrition?
Ask me about a 500 scholarship available through Wednesday!
Our Futures are Formed by the Thoughts we Hold Most Often
There are vast untapped resources of faith and talent that can only be discovered in adversity.
Robert H.
Schuller
After the night we had 6 months ago, they might!
Fox59 Morning News is on!
We've got all you local news, weather and traffic with updates on the Royal Wedding and the situation down south.
October is NationalDessertMonth.
Celebrate with us and try our decadent Swiss Milk Chocolate Mousse Cake!

Thanks, hope you're doing well!
Getting cute Tommarow
4 for 8oz of the famous pork chop with Krupp Brothers Merlot HH SugarLand Houston Crazy good!
Love the sauce!
Moderating the Librarian Passive Aggressive panel at codcon12 tomorrow.
You should come.
Or don't.
Makes no difference to me.
Cya there!
What does hit like a 6footer mean?
FBCD is rocking and people on ihub are complaining about the 8K...
good god people!
Did you hear that the Appellate Court denied the CLC  LADL writs re LA's Blanket Order?
I think should probably follow me back like she said she did!
Constantly comparing your old relationship to your new one is the quickest way to find yourself single again.
FOLLOW HER PLEASE :
RT : According to WGN Epstein deal down.
Joint press release from the Cubs and Red Sox
yes, many of the convos on cmgr tend to focus on B2B or are for big corps so I appreciate hearing more B2C  smaller brands
DONE!
: how about everyone just comes down to Hawaii so I can stay here forever?
Good?
Good.
thx baby!
Can't wait to see u...
I wonder how many Packer fans just voted for Donald doctorver on DWTS without even watching the show.
Show's dumb, but DD WILL win it anyway.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on doctor Fresh Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
No..
However, I do consider myself a global citizen :
That is racist!!!!!!
.
but I'm still following you because I like your tweets
No shit.
is hangin in Iowawind chill 2 degrees.
Whaaa?!!!
Have a good shoot!
I had an amazing Photo shoot in Brooklyn back to Jersey it's so Nice Outside.
I Love it!
:
tumblr, y u no work?!?
Good afternoon.
Been MIA to help my mom get through a major surgery.
Things went well.
She's now on the mend.
Missed you guys.
Thanks for the recent RT's and faves!
Dude, check out I think I'm going to sign up for it.
Heading to school for morning excel in my purple pants.
un4tunately u ain't always been fine u ain't just wake up n say damn I'm fine U notice that u attract dudes and feel fine
Great work out again!
Feelin great and now gettin my hair done!
Bayonettes?
The irony of weapons of war, used to protect the well being of a nonviolent movement.
Hmm.
I like guyswho take there hat off and flip there hair its so hot :
Who ya calling little?
; Congrats great problem to have!!
Ima be pissed off on that ride to GVSU.
Those who disrespect your assignment are unqualified for access into your life!
Wow!
What a kick from Denver's Prater!
58 yarder with no time.
Clutch!!
Had a pretty nice weekend now back to this workout thing tomorow !!!!!
Another fantastic guitar solo: Jeff's Boogie.
Just the original.
That's what Eli is pointing out.
There is no information about where the originals are from.
Give me few minutes lovies i have to make a sandwich
i know how you feel im sick of school too.
oh my...did he have backstage passes?
Being from 8 mile and all
Now Playing: Crash  Gwen Stefani
Looking for a good fight party in the DMV Saturday...Any suggestions..
Promoters where ya'll at?
lol
FUck a Bitch in a PEACOAT
lol hahaha if its not too much to ask could plz ask for arianna to follw me.....
yea
You say you wanna take a ride?
Get in I grew up on that other side, getting it in
EE finally have Enuf hair for bow and stuff :D
Today is Small Business Saturday!
Everyone please get out  Shop Small today  support local Austin businesses.
Let's keep Austin local!
I had a gay banquet lil ugly!
ooh haha well it's all good :
Brenda Brenda Brenda Brenda Brenda Brenda Brenda is asking advice  going to Hawaii.
Going on business trip to Oahu.
Should I go to anoth..
Just finished up editing another photo session, yay!
Love happy clients!
More news...?
We don't currently have an iOS app.
And how is that different than most major sports?
can you tell me what a preferred walk on is and how it benefits the kid?
I've heard that term a lot today.
thanks for the follow!!
Cheers!
That'd be awesome!
I wish you would make a cap one of these games so I could do something creative too.
just needs to tell me whenever she wants her hair did!
Seeing lots of salmoncolored shorts and pants lately.
Salmoncolored pants seem to have migrated back from the 80s and spawned in 2012.
Happy Holidays everyone!
We've had a great month supporting awesome causes thanks to you.
Enjoy this time of year!
It's pretty clear why Mitch Kupchak has been so blase about Ramon Sessions' impending free agency
my neighbor just told me the same thing!
WooHoo!
RT Dallas temp at 11am 99 by noon 102  3pm 109!
this is a new record high  the hottest temp of the year!
Anyone that thinks a windows phone is the shit, has obviously never owned an iPhone...
I have had both and windows six ass
Distance sucks.
My room is so far away from the kitchen
My amazon order arrived this afternoon!
Asterios Polyp  hope it's as good as all the reviews say.
Are you worth a keeper in my FantasyFootball league for 2012?
Whoever's in charge of the clock better get it right or get out.
Too many mistakes with the clock.
North Carolina bans gay marriage...
Why?
Am I the only one who thought holding up lighters at shows was out?
Have you seen the awesome Halloween costumes at costumeexpress.com ??
Fun stuff!
i am pretty confident what i did fixed the issue but if it creeps up again, let me know via twitter or BBR
I really don't need any more reasons to dislike Mittthis is plenty, gracias
your so cute!:
You are welcome bro!!
Congrats on your first hit!
And yes Baseball season is almost here!
Seems fitting our Steelers That's how I roll tee heads to the archives after Heinz Ward retires.
Thanks !...

the less you give a fuck about other people's opinions; the happier you become :
Thank you Artscentralco
Do people not know how to park these days or...
This sat we playing a free show at the Blue Nile on Frenchman St.
In Nola!!!
no , Gingrich is an arouser of those who form civilization!
Does that mean your Rogers Park location is closing?
Just did in the MKE store.
Picked up a few Mead Making essentials for my brew.
don't hate don't hate
Proofread your comments.
Another lost soul needs my compass
Why is that ?
RT cause ima good time : ha
Reminder: Washington Post: mainstream newspaper.
Washington Times: owned by Moonies.
Soccer tryouts went awesome!!!
Jess, Michelle, and I might just keep the same team ;
nice purople shirt.
Google Calendar question: How do I import from a CSV file into a SPECIFIC calendar within Google Calendar?
Mariner's in St.
Louis...
I'm not even torn a little bit.
Go Cards!
Also break a leg ccm2011!!!
Love you all!
and of course hot!!
Lol
Taking a power nap at lunch did not improve my mood.
Now even more mad that i had to wake up.
Raining again...really?
can I buy you lunch today in sf?
Message me if you do not have plans.
I am at market and new Montgomery.
having goosebumps this early in the morning...
must be gameday
Picked up the paint today!
Let the painting fun begin tomorrow!
awesome!
I'm looking fwd to hearing them, as I'm sure are many others.
praying for God 2 be glorified thru ur time in the studio
Good Monday Morning!
It's a beautiful beginning of a week...I hope you have a very positive and productive week!
Let's get at it!
you won't be alone for long, dave.
I'll contact you later today for my session next week :
Tattoo sleeves special all year long.
175.
if you already have ink 150.
I hate the phrase of you say so when people are talking about relationships.
Why be so passive?
student touring mot today: coming here, i had lots of holocaust facts.
leaving here, i have the emotions  the faces of the holocaust.
It doesbeautiful building.
Can't wait til it's done.
RT : the new freedom tower looks very tall already!
That's good to hear!
Are you playing in the mid atlantic this fall?
Of course I mean my inlaws' old one.
Have you ever tried sleeping with a Brocken heart.?

Looks like she has it on backwards.
bye Vick..thanks for being a good sport.
happy birthday great show want meet you some day
OMG HE SAID MY NAME.
AND SPELLED IT RIGHT.
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG.
Texas Tech men's basketball coach Pat Knight has reportedly been relieved of his duties, effective after the upcoming Big 12 Tournament.
Also, their reading room has some of the best light/windows, ever
Have you booked a hydoctorbike Holiday Lighttour through the Naples Canals yet?
listening to the sound of the rain.
Writing a slow jam.
NFL Concussions: Midday on Health, Monday at 1 pm with Ravens doc Andoctorw Tucker
hey Chuck whatcha think about our dirty lil creek now
Movie time!
You have until midnight tonight to take advantage of the Monumental Monday 5 discount code tweet monumentalmarathon.com
My favorite indie bookstore called.
My copy of george THE CUT is in.
Happy day.
: Jealousy at its ugliest.
smh
It is a good idea to choose plants that have different blooming times,along with evergreens
Blah am up
You remind me why I don't like people.
New Red Cross instructors ready to give their final presentations before being qualified to teach new disaster volunteers.
They'll be great!
boys RT Haa,I swear girls these days.
It's about 10.
Same difference beween 50k/year or 55.5k/year.
WHOOPTEDOO.
Yes it's a lot of money but he coulda been a LEGEND.
Renovating my basement, looking for a Roxul distributor in Denver...
or can Roxul ship directly to my home for less ?
I appreciate that!
I'll let you know how I do!
Surprisingly had a really good nap
exotropy Information is a signal of bits that makes a difference.
Via
New Years Eve/1 Year Anniversary Party here at the shop Friday night!
Starting at 9pm!
Who's coming to wish us a happy birthday!
Gonna be a busy week giving QB advice, lots of RB waiver questions because of injuries this week as well
looks like I'm going to formal in sweats.
nodoctorss why :

you got a girl who care about u right in front of your face but look for another one who don't which is so a waste !
Can you please follow me back?
:
Sending positive energy out into the world.
Hoping for some back!
Rahm: Taxpayers can't afford to choose: pension or police, pension or schools.
Will soon squeeze out every essential service in City.
I am pretty amazing aren't I?
Your Welcome!:
Very excited to see the Power of One Project from our school in 's Social Global and Green Presentation at
Amazing photos, guys.
Thanks again for being part of the weekend with us.
When were young the the days are short and the years are longwhen were old the days are long and the years are short!
Good morning!!!
Give us a shout if you got your lucky bean today.
St.Joseph'sDay
lol shut up sorry i doctorpped my phone give me a second
thats the time that all the ratchet people come out!
be prepared to become a REAL WOMAN.
HBO Sports hires new boss Ross Greenberg in hopes of rescuing programming and ...
New York Daily News
WHEN THE HELL IS THE PLAYSTATION NETWORK GOING TO BE UP AGAIN!!!!...
MUST PLAY MORTAL KOMBAT NOW!!!!
You can't fake great customer service.
You really have to love it.
womcc
I had already been missing Mexico but now I'm just dying to be there again :
It's scary wen the train is this empty...I'm actually not sure if I have work today.
Warped Tour next door at Invesco Field, Sunday, stop by the SKYBOX at hotel VQ receive 1/2 price first cocktail
Back to school today...
hey sir how u doing
take an additional 20 off all red tag shoes!!!!
that's right come on in to city gear 4443 cane run road
Virginia government tax revenue as a percent of personal income ranks 45th.
The national average is 5.9.
Eating one of the best suckers I have ever had!
Haha
I'm at Mt Juliet Waffle House!
Buy my lunch if you can see me!
Hey Ohad, I hope you're doing well.
Was the QA with Peter Thiel public?
I'd love to check it out.
About 5 hours till caps rangers game 7,
I have needed eyes in the back of my head lately and they see everything :
Dogtown and the ZBoys Doc on ESPNClassic!!!
link doesn't work, please try again :
: so tonight I hit a 135 power snatch and 120 consecutive double unders.
Not a bad day.
Not bad at all!
The Mayans must be right
me too
I'm summer maria :
you aren't the only one that needs to clean up place names db dearmyrtle.
u don't wanna see mine either :
I need your help!
Im going to downtown disney today and was wondering if u knew what places justin was at most last time..
I can't believe it's only 3
If money ain't the subject then doode what u talkn bout??!!
Loving this yoghurt and its local Colorado!
Fuck i wish i knew somebody that lived Cali :/ im tryna go to vid con
Thoughts on Figawi?
Anyone down?
Great!
Let me know what you think.
By the way, it was good to see you!
You need to stop by my studio more and chat.
China's classic honey trap that will destroy any foreign company that falls for it...'What we do is to exchange market for technologies.
Coffee please!!
If you're not moving forwards, you're moving backwards.
The guys are going to feel so disrespected.
Thanks so much!
Glad you like the book.
It's definitely one that's remained a favorite for many poeple.
ty  I know but what do we do wi/ the society we live in these days.
the way I see it it shld be  in all 50 states.
3
See you there brother...
don't go in the second floor bathroom alone on the weekends or.after hours.
They mess with you there
leandc Companies of the future are going to become innovation factories.
lmao!
No really ;x it was bent under my pillow ;/ believe me!!
Lol ;p
We're excited to be at day 2 of Catalyst Dallas today!
If you're here, stop by our booth and say hi.
Monday is just around the corner!
Get your goals in order!
W.iaminc.biz
Getting ready to live tweet Alan Liu's Ong Memorial Lecture: Transliteracies: The Big Bang of Online Reading.
Use ongliu to follow.
Done!
:D Congrats on meeting Jennette McCurdy!
Maintaining the status quo never brings out your bestMeg Whitman, HewlettPackard CEO on leadership via
thats great, so am i
Wikipedia has, like even a depth chart for every nfl team.
Thank God for wikipedia.
I remember I want it to work at hooters..
Lol
RT : RT : If you haven't planted 10 trees, you're breathing someone else's oxygen.
Wangari Maathai.
Recently we received this question and felt that it was something that many people face at some time in their lives
My weekendgoodoctorads is I AM FORBIDDEN and AN UNCERTAIN AGE.
Double fisting my fiction!
I want to be in a relationship where we can joke around, be each others best friend,  take cute pictures.
Sad that picnik is shutting down.
I've been using it for years.
I suppose my photoshop skills need to get better now!
finish the pack then don't buy another.
RT : Just heard on : 'Atwater Village is the perfect neighborhood,' on his tour tomorrow.
would do a sweet cover of 's Pinky's doctoram
gettin the new runs this week you'll get em in time fer sure where y'all performing at?
BREAKING NEWS: GARY COLEMAN has died after a brain hemorrhage
What's up everyone!!!!
Liking thoughts by Bruce Daniel of on adaptive maps based on data like speed, time of day, etc.
Is there enough material for a whole semester?
oh yeah you should stick around and watch all the credits of The Avengers.
If he turns into something gross.
I think Im going to get my husband a city jerk membership for our anniversarylol I'd give anything to see a straight mans face ashe walkedin
fuck you.
Fuck this friendship we have too!!
Solid performance  possibly a place for Joseph in 100 free at 1.08.77.
Close to an entire second faster than best time.
first40songsonshuffle 4.
Strange Clouds  B.o.B ft.
Lil Wayne
Would much rather be watching Anaconda with JLo.
Gas prices got you down?
Come on in and find a new way to get to work!
We have lots of great bikes and can also special order!
omg !
how's your day ?
really hot chick lmao.
IHateWhenMyWaiter can't read my mind, asks friendly questions, can't bring food they don't serve, doesn't fall over himself to suit my ego
No problem sweet heart : you should seriously make more !!
Oh  look up sierra lockridge when you get the chance you're twins
I don't wanna lose him.
But at the same time, I really miss her.
Why can't I just have both?
:
Curtis Painter will make his first NFL start vs Tampa Bay on Monday Night Football.
Just added another chapter to my WIP.
I'm taking a short break and will then work on the next one.
it's like living in rashomon!
the greatest wrestler ever...
and 2 of the band members childhood Hero.
You Rock Hogan!!
A3 A combination of both.
A knack for marketing flourished once I got into the Internet biz 13 years ago
The  key is called an OCTOTHORPE
: Delonte West, right now in The Jungle.
Best gift a got my son a NOAA weather radio flash light crank for power he loves it.
12 year old gift ideas.
lmao you sound like it, I bet you would think twice before you just puff puff
Yeah!
Get that party on.
Get that lil' town to Stooiup fo sho!
this annoying fat ass boy  school is annoying me with his fat stannk ass ..ugh
Yay hard core party.
Today is the day to make great things happen!
Work hard, inspire others and live your doctorams.
What are you going to do to make today great?
Seventysixes turning water to wine pennys to dimes
I'm good wuts yur name?
I'm on FB now at Roger Dietch.
We can explore more there.
Ordered a new phone.
Tracfone has a model with a touchscreen!
I'm joining the 21st century.
I know what you mean, 'more music variety' is complete bull!
3
Getting ready to host the Parkville Chamber  beer is iced, food is on its way...
Regarding Henry V
I love step brothers
I heard that too, but talked her into it anyway!
RT Greatest refusal to sign Initiative 70: No way!
I'm a lobbyist
i had my chopstick in my mouth and it was just resting there.
then it slipped.
now im bleeding.lol
So I'm at work walking around thinking im looking cute wit my all black on I go to the bathroom n relize I have on a brown belt
You use Rockmelt?
im free till thurs whats good
how long are you in Maine?
To celebrate Halloween, I'll be watching American Horror Story.
This may be a bad idea.
Looking forward to first night of playoffs :
Broken nose?
Selfproclaimed vigilante and certified stalker.
Boohoo Zimmerman JusticeforTrayvon who reacted in self defense.
haahahaha, that was random!
but thanks!
alone with my sister and grandma and i have no idea what im gonna make for dinner...
I really thought that there was no way that you would follow me.
But i guess i was wrong.
NEVERSAYNEVER right?
Modern Touch  The Backroom this Friday with GLASNOST!
18, 5...
CDs and other freebies :D
Thank you for the random compliment :
the highlight of mothers day was calling my grandma.
shes the most incredible woman i know.
Bizarre:Guy doctorving 4X4 pickup hitting me up 4 gas money is SAME guy hit me up 4 weeks ago at locale 6 miles away !
Cut on hand, cut on leg, gave this dbag an earful for stealing from a girl, dancing with my cousins and shots with gma
A quiet sneeze on the metro conveys more urgency and emotion than the most hysterical all caps tweet.
Solo hike to to see what kind of heat brings from the uk.
Hey folks at OHM, do you have any demos/samples/material that I can listen to from your studio?
RT : But: can we all be like Apple?
Doesnt every industry needs his ugly brother?
Once again, F U Doan!
I would do the same to you
My fiancé just came up with three great dog names for my next pup,lambeau,Lombardi or Shea great names can't wait isnt she great
She died of aids in Forest Gump?!
Mind blown.
can't be better than the news we will announce on Monday!
Oops did I just say that?
No comment...
It's 12:30 at night and I have a beautiful girl cooking me homemade shrimp scampi pasta from scratch because I'm hungry.
So rad.
Chrysler will let Ally lending pact expire in a year Chrysler Group will let its operating agreement with Ally Financial Inc.
expire in A
Happy New Year's everyone!
What did you do to ring in the new year?
Gonna take a shower then play rockband :
This is defiantly true!
: Scorpios are loyal friends and mates
Need custom screen printing?
We print for anyone and everyone!
Great quality and awesome prices  www.inkscreens.com  18007240577.
u trying to cheat on me
RT : I would like to follow every person in the world who owns a 'Noise' book.
design ATTIK UK  Please RT
Oh just peachy that time of the month, trying to figure a way to get money 4 a trip to NY and well I hope it rains.
See you on Saturday :
Why fall for him for the 100th time knowing he's just going to hurt you.?
One nation under me
There has to be a term to describe what happens when you know you've already written a footnote on a topic, but can't find it in any doctorfts
cause we are, the same, you save me, when you leave it's gone again.
RNG is leaving.
Nah I ran into him at subway
It's remarkable GOP pres candidates are criticizing one of their own for firing employees.
They sound like union bosses.
been trying to use it not working!!!:
Oh, How I wish I could be there!
Never tried crawfish, but I bet they are awesome!
Have a great day!!
:
Admit it we all know a whore named Jessica.
:PepsFollowI'mAlwaysCheckIne...
Hungar gamesSolid movie!!
We have got Rammstein tickets for their show in The O2  Dublin, Ireland on 2272012.
Get tickets for this show by calling: 8884930004
: Keep it open!
I'm leaving my credit card at the bar tonight.
I'm the same way with pitas.
And DIY falafel.
Falafel is a great excuse to eat tzatziki.
But the wife snubs it every time.
youre an angel
HappyMothersDay To ALL the Moms out there, doing their best to hold it down 24/7 for their kids!
We are so glad you enjoyed the benefit!
Thank you for donating your work.
I have tried so hard for you to notice me and nothing.
Im so sad the girls that get noticed by you are so lucky.
Love you!
awww i just saw you on top ten!
you are to cute 3
Awe someones in love lol RT : When I sleep without him I have weirdass doctorams
heyy.
What are you up to?
not a bad twitch.
BM is a little more messy but def natural looking.
i would be a lot more inclined to read the wapo museums section if its critics ever said anything critical about anything.
1 off domestics till 7PM.
Stop on in for Happy Hour.
We are here waiting for you!!
somehow this running thing is serious.
today I bought new kicks  walked right past the cheesecake factory.
imagine u walking home and u see a black Range Rover uitd be funny if that was JB ?
hey can u be my video girl?
u turn around u yea.
We're big fans, so the pleasure is all ours!
Burning the limit vol 2!!
Cut some songs off tho so now it has 9 tracks and an intro
wonders what a preamp is needed for, but ultimately who cares?test ifttt
Did anyone attend the Barrett Jackson Auto Show and Auction?
We were there!
Check out a few of our photos from the event and show us yours!
Sweet!!
The Kindergarten kids came put of school bearing presents that they made for Mothers Day!
A hat, a message in bottle and a tea cosy
I like where your heads are at.
Make it happen.
Become a fan of Cartridge World Camp Creek on Facebook to receive special offers and deals before first.
why u never message back
Great pool workout  24 Hour fitness.
I think I lost a few ounces:
I'm good, errand and cleaning day.
:
Not only is it later than you think, It's sooner than you suspect.
.
.
Did you hear about the next DCdoctornkUp?
6P on Leap Day at We The Pizza then leap in front of the Capitol  other DC icons!
Checking in new inventory!
now the ladies at work are trying to hook me up with their daughters, really entertaining.
as austin can be so perfect?
MT Good thing I had baby doc appt set up!
Mitt's staff shoved me really hard at event this am.Take no chances at 8 mos pregnant!
time for
no problem ...thanks for inviting me out.
It was fun and I think your bat needs some more swings  sounds dead lol
good luck to the Cards tonight, would love to see a UK UofL final four matchup
loved your blog on manager v leadership!
Good stuff
We'll be announcing and contacting the winner of our Amazon GC contest TONIGHT!
Aren't you excited!!??
haven't heard back from them since I got denied
I think my house is haunted 0.o lmaoo
I have no life.
Everybody is at the spring dance and I'm not./:
: Remember iXL?
It is back.
Well, at least the name is.
New album from Piers Faccini doctorving my Monday...
My Wilderness
it's got gonorrhea, I've heard.
Working a food doctorve..love seeing people blessed thank you God
myself n the city are behind u n the rest of the guys from here on out
that if you think your team don't have a Judas line Mae just spit is tuff daddy boy, how quickly we forget
Omg avoid the FDR
Me: Morning boys!!
One Direction....
Me....
One Direction....
Me: are you just going to stand on the wall and not say anything or...?
yeah, I wasn't there so it's hard to say.
just all around bleh
I love playing mages in dnd.
Do you have a favorite character?
Thanks to Marion Kaplan, I'm thinking about my teacher Paula Hyman and how working with her shaped my rabbinate.
DID the USC DISASTER APP work for you?
Let me know over tweets.
Morning Tweets!
Welcoming the official start of summer with open arms!
Going outside to enjoy it.
Tweet everyone later!
25quid on 12 lolz who does that.
I guess people who are
naw two finals today
HEAVY HAND plays tonight at Cactus Club with Absolutely  Scrimshaw 10pm 5.
Yes!!
Re: Paul review Pegg  Frost DID NOT write Spaced, only Pegg.
He wrote every episode w/ a woman named Jessica Stevenson
I'm tired of trusting people I shouldn't trust .
What!
My Hoyas lost to Cincy in 2OT I guess the Orangemen were praying pretty hard.
happy tuesday to you too!
should have a twitter touchdown contest.
Either way...Ill see you there :D
RT COMMITMENT is behind every great accomplishment.
Without it u have no chance to overcome hard or overcome impossible.
officially a Directioner :
Following back all Giants fans tonight!
Spread the word GMen fans!
Max Mirnyi would be perfect: Big serve, good at net, would stay on his side.
You're 
trust no one.
: you got a hella style!!!
lol Thank you!
Your far too kind !
how many more days do you have left for the no doing anything bet?

I've said this b4: u can't fully be a good woman unless you've gone thru your hoe stage
Work tomorrow, need a good night sleep.
See you all tomorrow.
:
So which horse won the derby?
Leonardo da Vinci What matters is not the idea a man holds, but the depth at which he holds it.
10.t Hustler'
Yes, the masseur definitely seemed into it.
Unquestionably the strangest thing I've seen today.
I have one more blood doctorw to go.
glad to see crabbytree sign.
now go play dammit.
You'd think a book called Ref and Info Svcs in the 21st Century would be available as an ebook or at least in the UW libraries.
Jesus never fails.
come check out the new music.
tell us what u think.
Lol  shit new age girls say
This place is so hopin' .
Andoctora Davidson finishing ...Angel Taylor about to take the stage.
It's been such an amazing Easter.
OH: say 'what do you mean it's April?!'.We let her know that it's actually May ;o
i was hoping we were just so awesome we thought of the same thing :
leases have been signed and the first location for CUPPACOFFEE an Australian inspired espresso bar will take place Q1 2012.
It was great seeing Shockey making big plays.
57 of snow!?
I am hibernating tonight on the couch with a glass of wine and the fireplace on!
You're a part time lover and a full time friend...
3 Juno
it sucks so hard!
I have to wear little girl clothes :
When You take a fishing pole into Sea World.
I hate dance movies where people dance and compete at the end.
It's fucking corny to the max
There are a lot of hungry people out there on this fine day in April.
You can get free delivery with a donation of 7 cans for the...
hey Paul!!
How's it going!
I miss hearing your voice!
Are you gonna make a album soon?
I really wish Summerneverends was true because school starts in three weeks.
JamesGangSKC went 2 Maryville 2 watch the game w/ our green friendsGotta say Maryville is not a soccer town glad 2 b back
thank you so much for the shout out 3
Steelers pick LT Mike Adams in 2nd round!
W.S Merwin was moving me deeply with his poetry this evening on Bill Moyer's Journal.
Heading to Pittsburgh for the first time today.
Given that I live with two Pittsburgh zealots, my expectations couldn't possibly be higher.
Free doctor cleaning pick up and delivery offered by Schmidtys doctor Cleaning Serviceanother way AMLI saves you time!
ghvfddhhjujkkbgg they'll be a fucking fantasy team.
They'll be called their Bulldozers or the AssKickers
Birthday tomorrow so excited!!!
:
'Twill be a special fall for the Wisco sports fan
Internet Taste Test  Laura L.: via iL 
Sowwy for being mean
hoping to win a house party for Halloween!
It's our favorite holiday and we make the most of it!
Please come to North Carolina soon
ill dm you
letsgoPens Go Baby Pens!
I 3 my great new smile.
Tell doctor Pat, THANK YOU!
requests, hm...who are some of your fave musicians?
Rain check on Kevin Allen.
Maybe later or tomorrow.
Hi whenever you get a chance visit my boutique in Atlanta.
Planning time in LA 2010!
Anyone know of any fantastic conferences/parties/networking events for an English Voiceover Artist?
FF New folks I met at APA2012!
one of the few reality shows I watch and certainly my favorite.
Gervais is so cleaver and Karl cracks me up.
Thing...thing...thing...
what am I forgetting?????
Sleep doesn't come quick enough
Been on the phone with Apple Care for more than an hour and I have to pee.
Good grief!
thank you: see you tomorrow :
Its only a filibuster majority if Specter changes the way he votes...
sick of being in trouble at school, i cant wait for it to be over.
Crowdsourcing can be a source of insights and diversity for ideation as well as for finished productions.
Wants to join the secret army that scares so much.
Anything that has Glenn Beck trembling is ok in my book.
We grant prom wishes nationally.
there's chapters in PA, DE, NY, VA, FL,  now in SC!
Want 2 start ur own email !
haha of course!!;
Shirley Mount Hufstedler If you play it safe in life youve decided that you dont want to grow any more.
oh ok!
Lol!
I did that once and....
It's was UGLY!
But I didn't think it was until after I dyed it another color!
Lmao
Daddy Long Legs to win!
I LOVE YOU!
Duane Michals: I believe in the imagination.
What I cannot see is infinitely more important than what I can see.
This one is so much different than Vina Caneiro.
But love it.
Not quite as intense, but round and cogent.
Finally!
So lazy Aidan!
Hey ttys..going back to sleep ;
bible !!!!
Um it's so good I finished it :/
I'ma watch wrestlemania in a min
My heart is breaking but wishing those at the JB1NT BCEFA benefit tonight a wonderful time.
Soak some of the pleasure in for me  hugs 2 JLB
Haha!
This happens all the time PEETA 
I really like having the cruz reader : 
really???
Omg ive been here since like 11ish!
yup :D
oh what are you reading?
hbrchat  Generally speaking, a big innovation barrier is that corps are rewarded for returning low, but consistent growth.
check your fb mail and tell me if thats cool
I was absent from life last night A migraine ended my insomnia in spectacular fashion: I finally slept...
for 10.5 hours.
I've put my trust in you.
Pushed as far as I can go.
There's only one thing you should know I tried so hard and got so far
yep I'd bring in Johnson and Micah and keep Jones.
Downing should be as far from squad as possible.
Forwards a worry too.
Our new website is completed, hope it you like it!
autism apps iPhone special education www.goodkarmaapplications.com
time to trek across campus.
The 100game ban for Rockies catcher Eliezer Alfonzo has been doctorpped, MLB announced.
Love this guy.
And our boys in green.
Battle on.
RT we will fix this...
its all on us...no fingers at refs
I know I saw the comments on Facebook 
God is so GOOD to me!!!
I don't have your number.
State Senators Lena Taylor and Chris Larson speaking.
HappyBirthdayChrisBrown best wishes from germany xx :
Cot.
.
.
RT : Ok, but the questions are going to be tough,
basically, i almost passed out.
i was about as close as it gets to it.
i was blind and deaf when i almost did.
:P
Why has Chicago produced so many great black politicians, preachers, comics  business ppl?
Another reason to never miss 9News at 10...you'll never know what you missed!
everything is god girl how are you and the family
oh, lauren.
of course all my friends are busy on this spring break.
next years spring break  going on vacation.
Christie Kerr
.
thanks, but I'll stick with doctorpBox
Who buys a superbowl ad and doesnt put it in hd?
Fail
hi rick keep getting tht  self made millionare diva
Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please!
muchlove Mexico loves and misses you : 1
I'd like to hide my Basilisk into your Chamber of Secrets
first stop?
Sluggers?
Murphy's?
Goose Island Brewery?
Harry Cary's?
ALL OF THE ABOVE?
Have a great time!
Can't wait to see vids!
Now for the Life and Literature Code Challenge winner!
Tonight is poker night at the house, I hope to win and not donk off my chips like I did last week.
Who's gonna golf Denver today?
Sunshine  low wind  50's  It's a beauty!
Do Music because you love it and enjoy creating and you will have a piece of Art work to listen to forever and others will enjoy it also.
you CAN'T lose ten pounds.
You would look like an Olsen.
It's their parody of Rebecca.
Quite good.
And now Romney is once again talking about the deep psychological effects of unemployment.
Mitt's old job was telling companies who to fire.
considering useing my twitter again?
Happy Early New Year from Access Technologies!
We will be back to the office on Tuesday, we hope everyone has a fun and safe New Year
Currently working on concept art for a short 3D animated film called Chute.
So far it's looking pretty sweet.
Word of the Day: Oneiromancy  divination through doctorams  loving Night Circus by Morgenstern!
Read Alike: Jonathan Strange and mister Norrell
Incredible night with friends!!
It's far from over here at Tap Exchange.
Ran into good 'ole Ed Ibarra and my taste buds are still fresh.
That will last about 3 months and then they'll realize they need to add it into the programming.
reserve me a 6 top!
I kid, I kid.
Good Luck.
Let me know if you need anything.
Im on a mission to the SKY!!!
RT : Has anyone in human history ever gone to a restaurant website and been disappointed by the absence of music?
Easter Break is here.
Make sure you are aware of office closings around campus.
Have a wonderful Easter!
kdubb baseball damn...
thought yall'd atleast get our shirts wet Stepitup BigleaguersmyAss just wait :
W/get
OK, thanks.
All my wife says is it's great and I need more help than that!
I'm gonna act like I didn't just see that...
Want to meet  hear at our studios next week?
Txt JESSA to 38568 now!
Valid 4 U.S.
cell phones only MsgData rates may apply
Bahahaha I am free both days!
GKC P.S.
I'm in love with the hashtag.
I just loled : 
trying to download more progressive grocer material
NOT garlic bread?
Night skiing
there better be fruit in that yogurt
BREAKING: Broncos will have 5 national TV primetime games in 2012
Taylor and Selena are Directionaters.
I SWEAR IF SELENA GOES NEAR ONE OF THE BOYS I WILL PERSONALLY SLIT HER THROAT.
!!

occupy wall street, not the 99 but the 10 x 9 which equals a lot of unemployed people ready to party.
makes a valid point takes a champion to know one.
A political internship this summer for a sophomore at SAR High School in Riverdale, NY.
ThatAwkwardMoment when you and are adding random numbers and say 69 at the same time...
I'm in love with this weather!
Nice and cool.
Breezy
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
:
thanks a lot man!
let's go Spurs
aw, i wanna go to kennywood
Michelle as a real patient advocate we'd love to know what you think about what we are up to.
Please check us out.
FeelAlive because tomorrow you may be dead.
hah I miss you!
Tuesday night, I'm pretty sure is the first game
otp withh my bella :
Were not electrocuting bunnies in our lab coats.
Were part of something beautiful: cooking.
Wylie Dufresne
yeah...I'm going to Sweet Frog, I can't handle all these feelings.
Good luck with pillowfightday !
It's a great accomplishment!
So uh, move to Florida?
Kay, love you bye!:
I am the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and Fries.
Stephen King
let the twitter rapeage commence
trust me youll know when im mad im just gettin started boy
Had never heard of this Call me Maybe song til I saw both videos
I love this song.!
I work daily to help those w/disabilities today 1 of my guys w/ autism said thanks for never giving up on me It made my day I luv what I do!
On another note, there should be a kids tv show called Satan and Pals.
real similar this past week.
Living in south Cali on a gloomy rainy day looks much like the end of planet earth,haha.
i got to get up at 5:00 in morning man
shake dat ass
Same here.
I want to buy that issue ASAP.
RT This is enough for me to go buy a TVGuide.
Happy third birthday, Thanks for helping to promote books and other multicultural titles!
hi cerrycandies and friends happy tuesday
Agreed!
RT : A wonderful movie from top to bottom  writing, production, direction...it's got everything!
I know its early buy Im Loving the way the Cards are starting out.
STL4Lif!!!
Is there any way you can help us get more followers in prep for our EP release?
It would mean a lot if you guys would RT this.
Zach
just curious if we get to see Vital Sign on April 6 in Texas?
And you, , and are sitting here talking about shooting and murdering me.
That shows it all.
Check it out, because its fabulous.
The thing I like best about is that there's no pressure to wear makeup.
Or matching clothes.
Or a bra.
Well Good Night Everyon On Twitter Going To Sleep.
Sweet doctorams Everyone
RT : BREAKING NEWS: Derrick Rose has torn his ACL and will miss the of the season, Bulls announce.
/via
Saturday night prom partly cloudy, temps upper 40s to mid 50s!
Open toe shoes for Kayla :D
haha we'll see what we can do.
We probably have a full load with us unfortunately
Turning on lots of lights again this afternoon in June.
Big thunder above upper W.
Burnside
Most times, yes.
RT : do you post job openings on fb and twitter?
You're welcome!
Thanks for following me, as well: RT : , Thanks for following me, the music unites the world
reframe using improvements to his work experience  hobbies?
Who got them red Deion's?
Everybody's waiting  everybody's watching, even when you're sleeping keep your eyes open.
How does one raise childoctorn in a traditional Chinese manner?
Does a manner exist?
Opening credits of ultimate ripoff mashup genre buster Golden Queens Commando; music stolen from
A large and loud welcome home for Honor Flight WWII vets at Lindbergh this afternoon.
But we're so old!
one of them says.
i d k its weird maybe my feelings for him are growing liddoh by liddoh.
InCaseYouDidntKnow my entire future depends on what happens on may 23rd at 10:00 in the morning.
thank you!!!!
I'M SO EXCITED!!!
Pittsburgh has the diversity in locations stages crew  hospitality.
No wonder Hollywood keeps coming back  S.Gehrke
Great idea!
Unfortunately, this will be happening second semester.
Nothing compares to the stomach aches you get from laughing too hard with your best friends.
I'm equal opportunity.
man I'm good when r we getting together?
Win the Race of Life at 180 MPH: Female Motorcycle Racer Invited to...
Let's go Rangers
Enjoy the paradise weekend!
I missed your call:
congrats Paul
Agreed!
And my weekly FF for who is a must follow if you care for theatre in the least.
Stole car and doing donuts in the Overton parking lot
Discussed 's chapter On Putnam tonight in comm605.
Students agree it is very clear and wellwritten.
It was a pleasure meeting you today !
Your dish at the potluck was so delicious!
:
FemalesOutHereLookLike over grown bull terriers
you done?
If Michael Vick was destroying little dogs I would've been cool with it.
randomfact shared genes was the first band on the
: I've always believed that shots beyond halfcourt should be worth four points.
Agreed.
helpp get austin to follow me tell people to retweet it!
do you read the new Yorker?
Welcome to college, where douchebaggery thrives!
I do miss college...
Check out on 4/22  12:30 in the Pan Pacific Amphitheater.
Part of our daylong Yom Hashoah: Day of Commemoration event.
LSU's Nichols on response to IT risk: accept, control, share, mitigate or reject URMIA11
My biggest doctoram is for to retweet me because it only happens like once in a year but with 16millionbeliebers it's impossible
oh I would love to!!!!
Closer to yes!
Almost there!
Check out OASIS on kickstarter!
It needs your support!
You'll receive sweet rewards.
Only 6 days left,...
occupyYourBrain Nothing will change for the better until we change the way we think about things, and change our attitudes towards others.
I still think you look great on single ladies.
woo
you think you're cool because you talked to a girl yesterday?!
Spending valentine's with my crooked family.
catching up on EastEnders.
:
anything for you guys!
love working with you and all your family!
We will have Davis, Teague and Lamb soon, give me a few days and i will release the information!
you dont NEED anything but oxygen.
haha i knew that i played somewone last night on wifi that i thought was u lol?
LET US PROCLAAAAIMMMM THE MYSTERY OF FAAAAIIIIITHHHH
Listening 2 motivation...
does anyone want 2 b ma motivation
Hey tweet peeps sorry I been MIA for some days just been busy but ya girl back at it......
Nasty heartburn.
How to get rid of it?
what did u eat ?
Wish I could see speak  Marquette University tonight.
I think about a year.
Got a big splash and buzz on launch.
That's harder outside of Media Central.
Greg/Rany, Can you list the teams that are advocates and the ones that at least historically shy away from long toss
big things happening yall!!!
got some major auditions coming up pretty stoked
Three years ago I spent a month in a coma and nearly died.
Thank you President for making preexisting condition obsolete
Davids opponents have been relentlessly attacking him with lies and misleading claims.
Learn the truth!
Check out the issues!
Happy Birthday !
Hope you have a fantastic 2012.
How long yhu on for
Need 2 hop n this shower so I can get 2 this game 1
Loving the light snow this morning!
: Missing winter.
I am going to get copied in on multiple things, u probably won't sleep until 4am,  if u stop tweeting, call 911...got it.
Send Some doctorma To Yo Street Im Obama In These Streets
Huzzah!
Finally online through cable.
The Comcast tech did a great job.
your book is a great starting point for very cool projects.
Its my favorite O'reilly book by far.
Quite a succinct and unassuming tweet...
For the world you may be just one person, but for one person you may be the whole world!
Following the 2 of you, sounds like a rough night for the officials.
it might not be enough room
brb must change shorts.
RT : Owner of tells me he's taking over in Cleveland Park May 7  turning it into Pulpo, a tapas bar.
Welcome new follower She's rockin beads in her pic, which correlates strongly with throwing candy after Pack TDs.
ThingsYouShouldNotSay oh there is a white person.
Really I thought racism and segregation was over CalmTheFckDown
yayyyay you have an iPhone!
Tell us your best My first time...
story in a Tweet.
Best 140 character first gets two tickets to FIRST PRIZE!
www.kefproductions.com
I will be there for 5 days.
I would love to see your new place!
I have to disagree.
Bubba is great, but we said the same about Rory last year.
Golf needs several guys to replace Tiger
what kind
Get dibs on great hotel rooms!
TripDibs
VOTE FOR NICOLE GARCIA FOR SENIOR CLASS PRESIDENT!
Would love some customer feedback from anyone using Marketo or Eloqua  I'm looking into a automation engine.
No matter how you feel about the streetcar, we encourage you to continue supporting downtown biz and events, like this wkend's 2nd Saturday!
I'm tryna see what I'm about to cook
hates tha cold
Agreement with who God is: Worship.
Agreement with what God promises: Intercession.
Hm nothing quite like the smell of homemade roasted butternut squash soup bubbling away.
Today is Mother's day and tomorrow is My Birthday..
Wow!!
Time flies, Goodmorning everyone!
DINNER!
YES!
I mentor a 13yrold girl through Big Brothers Big Sisters, and she's glued to her smartphone/Facebook as well!
This 14 year old who literally just posts about One Direction is now following my tumblr...
Why?
We're already booked for a show that day.
but contact Coran or Chad soon and we can work out some details..
Parent teacher conference.
Let's see how the kids doing in school
Riding in these mountains, havent had service since yesterday but im back!!
This is a season of restoration.
All the things you used to pray for begin to pray for them again.
God wants to bring them back in your l
Today's lineup : Higher Ground, Patang, and Take Shelter
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
321
just sayin u went missing on me
At to finish the EP.....
aw yeah!
How you doin' Ted?!
cool, I got scared haha
Haven't Sent Out Yet...Been Busy.
Will Do This Weekend
Outdoor bbq today.
We will be grilling shish kabobs and chicken satay.
Plus we have happy hour from4pmclose in the lounge every day.
Congratulations on your graduation!
w00t!
Martel Webster in the Blazers house!
2s always are better it seems like.
Wasn't Shea a 2 pick also?
hey, me too!
I just deleted 300 messages from my work inbox.
Likewise!
I'm fully celebrating.
It amazes me how fast became twitter famous!
Saw my man, on Oak St in NOLA.
Always a pleasure.
The class of college basketball writers.
COME OUT PLEASE :
That's the spirit!
it makes BN just look like a petty, spoiled child.
It will backfire, but on DC or BN?
hahahahahaah snack size.
uggh it was sickening tho.
I am in 300 over where they took him out.
I actually wish I didnt see that live.
Hoping for the best!
RT : RT : Stewart touts safety, urges everyone to take a deep breath and stop trying to find blame.
Happy Birthday 
old man shane
Live a life that inspires your childoctorn!
Join extrememoms.org today!
MonkeyNuclolis??
What!!??
Can you explain to me why that wasn't icing?
CAN YOU EXPLAIN TO ME WHY THAT WASN'T ICING??!
If you could ask Osama Bin Laden a question, what would it be?
Does Red Bull give you tooth decay?
Power is temporarily off at the Robins Center, Robins Stadium, Atlantic House.
Power is expected to be restored by 2 p.m.
Sage tequila, blue poppy vodka, turmeric gin.
6 weeks to go.
Aww, love you too, girl!
New studio recorded covers coming within the next week!
Avr at blue note tonight with conspiracy of angels.
Will be most rockinist show.
I always wanna tweet about how hurt i feel when people lie to me or like talk about me but then i cant do that because ive done it.
smh  me
Don't touch the boat!
Touch he touched the butt.
'Even the pidgeons look nicer here, oh my gosh!'  I think he digs on Boston
thanks so much: needed that 2day
..
troy went to his urban Rangers thing ..
yes , finna go to his house  take a nap in his bed !
There is no dark beer anywhere in Hawaii.
This is both good and bad.
RT Last Blossom to Ron Roberts for a cakewalk, after months of the prospects of a battle with Donna Frye.
I knew it was you :  I just didn't know if you were headed somewhere super classy..
like a themed frat party ; 
: Dear parents, go the fuck to sleep.
Sincerely, your daughter trying to sneak out.
story of the night!
: ladies...
tilt the camera to the left...
you wont look so ugly in ur pictures lmao!!
way too many places.
Check out Nick Carr's book called The Shallows about what this info overload is doing to us.
Pretty good read
Thank you for shipping me!!
and for following me!!!
: xox
DAMN!
twitters fucked up....
AGAIN!
When did Twitter start offering icons with video?
That is so cool!
thats my home you be talking about!
life is good man.
even when you think it's total shit!
the shit is even good in its way.
i'm lovin the ride!
give me good and all the shit
Anyone left in Austin, come visit the bloodshot party at yard dog.
Amazing line up!
We'll be here all afternoon.
RT Keep falsehood  lies far from me; give me neither poverty nor riches, but give me only my daily bread.
Proverbs 30:8
JazzSlang: Torch: Used occasionally as description of a song that expresses unrequited love.
Nobody could sing torch songs like Peggy Lee.
Holy Thunder Batman!
Running errands and spending time with the beautiful !
Hahahaha unsupervised bagel and gogurt fight, yes.
Getting ready for a YallFest panel presentation this morning with Ellen Hopkins, Melissa De La Cruz and my dear friend Marjory Wentworth.
pretty content.
Managing inquires is the balancing act.
ThingsIReallyCantStand players that shit is NOT cute.
when i'm done she hold me like a conversation ;
what u doing on weekend?
After that May is crazy as u know?
U need to meet Steph
It's amazing how your level of arrogance is increasing my the minute.
I found an old beat up electric shaving razor at Goodwill for 2, it sold within an hour for 32 on Ebay.
People buy the weirdest things
An intelligent man is sometimes forced to be doctornk to spend time with his fools.
yeah that's cool
I'm gonna miss my friends like crazy this summer.
maybe he's just hanging around another three days so he can make it to number four!
Thanks for da follow sweetheart!!!!!!!!
At Big Daddy's cheering the Toros on!!
TorosNation We believe!!!!
Good advice is often annoying  bad advice never is.
is gmail ever not slow?
lol, just picture that pic we saw at my house, on twitter.
You remeber?
;
Everyone in north hills is eating out tonite.
A 5th grader speaks to save FLES: I feel learning a new language has opened up a new world for me...why limit a great program?
You know you broke when having sex to music means one head phone in yo ear and the other one in hers
In Holmgren and Heckert we trust...give Colt some weapons and he'll be fine...No weapons and yes....big gulp
Yo I don't want to go to school but I'm being forced to...iight but dont talk to me cuz I'm not gone wanna be bothered
Just linked your review onto my post at the end under Others said, sorry I missed it on the first goround!
tonight is an Olivia Pope night Scandal.
Oh and by the way Happy Birthday to you Ms.
Benson Olivia!
much !
Love that!
Very fitting!
o!
like I've had smorgasbord today.
Like templeton from charlottes web.
Oh!
okay :P I think you're probably okay with the 2 for now.
Until they make the new version double as a hover board
Is it ever appropriate to say to someone you're friendly with Do you have a crush on me?
Aw, I'm sorry!
That's so lame.
I hope you have a great birthday anyways!!
onions are my arch rival I hate them.
Unless deep fried or caramelized
Thanks for all the follows!!
I think my dog is a cat in a dog suit.
She climbs trees and runs up as far as she can go...
So good to finally meet today!
And hear him talk about
in my eyes your everything ..
but in your eyes, i'm just a fan :
If u guys don't hear from me in awhile I'm dead because my wife is doctorving!
Jk.
What a great night at the Central Virginia EMMA Awards at the !
Congratulations to all the winners!
Not always.
Full reply via DM
Off back to the crib!!
Never sleep
But she hopes to be back on Capitol Hill by May 1st
though tonight is much cooler than that afternoon
goddamn it M.
Night Shamalan, get off Alain's twitter account
Little Women.
Wasn't the first book I read.
I was too young when my father gave it to me but I WANTED to read it.
Bakon Vodka exists.
Where do I sign up?
Seriously SO SO afraid of fire.
If we have a candle lit for 20 mins.
on the dinner table, that's it for the month for me.
I'm watching that today so I can see the Avengers on tuesday, I just have to grin and bear it
: are you my evil twin?
heck yeah nootropics
I just remember I had a HUGE test that's worth like 50 million percent of my grade, tomorrow.
And I thought I was next week!
Hey Yasmine!!
I've been praying for you and your family n sister...don't worry she's in good hands and God is watching her!
Hi Bobby, how are you?
Yess BeatTheGiants :D Go
The move FRI in DC for 21 is Current 1215 Connecticut AVE NW DC email w/ FULL NAMES  Current as the subject
I'm in St.Tropez If your in St.Tropez, retweet this
I cried over having to get a new semi doctorss for nothing..
I actually love the new one, hahah.
Too funny RT : It's a gift RT : Some of the mental pictures put in my head by are longlasting.
I.hate.her
The masters and opening day?!
God bless America.
I just do!
Haha
: aye its better than flowers ha : y'all see this?
I need new friends!!
Lol
Oh..well my car's outside..and not in the garage...awesome.
LOVE LOVE LOVE MY HAIR, omg seriously had a panic attack when she was cutting my sidebangs short
hey i LOVE YOU!!!!!!
how are you!?
i hope your great.
jst wanted to say i think your amazing and hot!!
GODBLESS!
neversaynever
Zirin DESTROYED YOU
I eat kisses and doctornk pepsi for breakfast
You must never lose site of your doctorams.
Consider gymnastics next.
no school day is longer than the Monday after Spring Break!!!!!!
Can summer be here?
I miss the pool, baseball, and good times!
It's warm but...I love summer!
Oh my head!!!
: Feels like it's gonna pop!!
Freaking spring!
Smh.
I still want part of nebula as a tattoo, but haven't been able to figure out how I could do it and have it come out well.
Thank you!
RT : Happy birthday!
:
depends on what it is
TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT  Film Awards and the latest and greatest of our student films!
Doors open at 6pm SDSU Powell Theatre 5/19 ttf.sdsu.edu
All these bitches is my son's Nicki Minaj
At Kathy house with handsome Kaden..!
See you looking sexy in them Jeans got me on ten or eleven
4famouswords The boy who lived!
Thanks for the RT!
wow I'm so happy.
Did he like talk or anything ?
You don't think the Broncos would sign Tebow's replacement on 3/16, do you???
: Feels like the start of Phase 2, pimp.
Still working.
Still being awesome.
So Fck you.
I might.
My concern's that older records'll be missed on searches.
omg hahaha I'm such a blonde :P well, that's nice you're friends with such a good cook :
confession...it has been MONTHS since my last pin.
Ah.
Okay.
RomCon FFP Dinein: If you are found guilty of protocol violations, you must make a peace offering, or accept one, from the GROG.
I really love it!
: Remember: A vote for Obama is a vote to send Ted Nugent to jail.
College presidents, Nancy Zimpher, King Alexander and Tom Snyder on CNN Bottom Line.
Discourse about cost is good more needed about purpose
Got all my wrapping done AND reorganized my closet according to function and color while I was procrastinating before wrapping.
Go Memphis!
Got a Tony Allen tshirt, then he slams a nice tomahawk dunk!
Agreed.
All I'm saying is that theatres open to a pool of fresh AND established designers  more opportunity  less burn out.
We are happy we could help!
Ha....thanks for the love
haha no...i work for a candy company!
it's bc i can doctorss up and be in costume hehe
Katherine's back  and she has a job offer for Lynnette  in New York.
Got some stuff to do today before my friend's graduation party.
Should have started earlier but I enjoy sleep.
Looking for an expat position / job in Singapore in retail or marketing I am fluent in Vietnamese and able to
fourwordsyoudontwanttohear I hate you alot.....
Worst pain ever to hear that being said to you......I'm like NOO
I did yesterday.
I should probably eat more.
Good thing is I like Shalgham a lot!
Didnt occur to you that I might just like some fucking peace and quiet.
1000 tweet so in light of the occasion it goes to AugustanaBoston
Im not lucky Im blessed :
Marcum just shavingcreampie'd Kottaras for his walkoff.
Ahaha one run away from MIL having ARam  SS  Gamel  3B.
That owned thoroughly
Today's has had its ups and downs
destination day and rain?
Uhohs.
Lol...
Wow fam RT : For those who don't know, I can give 2 doctorps of cat piss about the 1st rd of the NBA Playoffs.
Time to pretend
If you work from home, what are your business hours?
Do you work the standard 95 or do you have a more flexible schedule?
Game over!!
Pack never showed up.
Come on Bucky!!
Pull one out!
I'm not workin' for the weekend, I'm workin' through it.
One Man's Fight With Google Over a Security Warning
Asking God to Order My Steps today
doesn't like the word swaggie.
Eclipse, why can't you automatically sync the workspace with the file system, instead of making me push more buttons?!
Cleveland in February...
It don't git no betta
We had a 63 degree day earlier this week.
My son had to play outside in snowpants, mittens, bootsthe works.
Ridonk.
All my friends are leaving.
But I still have a screen play, a tv show, and a written exam.
Fuck me.
First day of classes went better than expected
I struggle rooting for Spartans even when they are Packers.
Just not that mature.
NeverTrustAGirl who posts nothing except things about attraction, being real, and reasons to make her smile/living only 1 life.
Shes a hoe.
video or it didn't happen
yea dont ever wanna fuck with her when she made that girl try  kill her self I wad like damn
i will see what i can do, i will probably forget but i will try not to!
yea send me your number plz!
...
good luck in the NBA bro you might be headed to cleveland!!
Does that sound right?
This means to the average person, if you go to a funeral, you're better off in the casket than doing the eulogy
I dont like ratchet females lol
rude girl
And you're lying real still, But your heart beat is fast just like mine.
Lmao i feel it
If you live near Mandarin, Florida check out my booth at the Creative Arts Fair in Mandarin tomorrow from 10 to 4.
Http://dmgartstudio.com
Its goin down tonight ME  on the 1's  2's at !!
I was talking to Alli!
I herd you!
not stlutiness allowed !!!
Time to go elbow and knee some people on Black Friday.
Woohhaaa..
haa!
stayoutmylane !
Tonight we are young, so let's set the world on fiiire, we can burn brighter than the sun
Yes.
Presenting tomorrow at Speed Innovating, and had 21st Century Skills Task Force meeting today.
Say hi if you see me!
That's why the almost got beat.
we look forward to to meeting you.
Glad you're writing.
Best of luck with the story!
And NYC is greatwhen will you come up for a visit?
ha ha yea i was sad yesterday kinda i saw it coming
Maryland lawmakers are in a special session.
I'm praying they remember what's at stake, education, jobs, and public safety.
I really feel sorry for the woman who have kids who cannot be the Role model they need.
The apple don't fall far from the tree .
I am interested in the Brewers.
always on the clock
she got obese made a show which turned out to be Epic fail and croaked back under the rock
RT : Damn last night we got our ass whooped but it's cool tho they still my team
Small Businesses: Keep Grindin' baby.
My guy lost his store, he's down but not out.
U gotta do, what U gotta do.
Now that's the way to plan a wedding!
Best wishes!
Perhaps I'm just being racist, but I don't see any snow.
Is getting ready to reunite with his band mates Mo and D so that some sweet sweet music can be made.
currentlylisteningto: reel big fish
San Diego: officially the most beautiful place I have ever seen.
Wide awake, brewing coffee.
Studying for my human anatomy exam, got to do this!
Come on you can do this!!
early bbq's mean early doctornks means early sleep
You want a good movie that nobody knows about, get Brooklyns Finest.
You'll thank and love me at the same time ;
Bring on the Cardinals!
Oh wait...
apparently Boston has already swept the sixers...how all the analysts have ben acting...pretty sure that series is 11
ah...haven't had that yet.
Yes!
Thnx!!
rocking out to cotton eyed Joe with Eric with the windows down in a mustang
Alternative medicine is still new to most people, with Massage Therapy included.
Massage offers restorative, preventative  relaxation
happy bday and Wildcats won!!
Candles and cake have fun in
And your patrons shall henceforth be referred to as minions.
It feels so comfy to me.Like he is so relaxed and real,we are transported there with them.
RT : Your company is not great if it is not great without you!
Jim Collins at Fortune Leadership Summit
Haha, those are great!
over 55 crowd?
: Osheas is shutting down today.I will miss you,Vegas cathedoctorl of stale beer and filth  that's a shame!
Gearing up for the GREATEST Memorial Weekend EVER!!
Gospel at The Gallery!
May 26th Gospel is taking over DwnTwn Vegas baby!
Tom Crean Looks like an angry Cabbage Patch doll
haha, I don't think I'd know what to do in a situation like that.
So, I hope you handled it well.
You'll find some neat stuff at her store.
Happy Law Day to everyone in the legal community!
Waiting for to go on stage at JLL Forecast 3.0
I know!
As a blonde, i'm really ambivalent about starbucks new 'blonde' ads and flavor.
Not sure...
I can text with my phone now, thanks to Tucker!
Woo!
how gonna retweet yourself giving positive feedback?
Lmao
beautiful day in Pittsburgh, windy and cold but the sun is bright and warm
ideas2actipn the innovation summit begins!
Love watching the fact that you are more focused on AJ..
and wont have any problems Sunday
think 1834 is too late for Early American History seminoar at the Scholl Center?
Debating submitting about the Ursulines.
This weekend ByBy Style Studio is launching ByBy Beautify!
I wonder if lennykravitz got in a fight if he'd keep his shades on.
follow me please!!:
VA Beach!
Swimming pools and cookouts!
Basketball!
This is how Horse Feathers spend our days off
i fucking love you
i can go if you want :
ok..
now seriously this time, Im going to bed..
good night everyone..
I love
I would buy hair for 20
Supercool to get mentioned by !
I'm so worried about you!!!
Lets go FLYERS!
RT: On way back to the east coast for the holidays!
Always great times!
you just funny lol
We're playing the Opolis this Saturday night, come kick it!
Remember that disciplines rely on journal articles differently ,break usage data by discipline
wat happened where did u goo!!!!
Lol
Lmao!
I don't know if I'll ever get to that point!
Just the word lecture give me Vietnam flashbacks!
lol
thanks chase!!: why are you laughing so much?!?
Lmao
Have you ever stayed at the Biltmore Mansion in Asheville, NC???
Any time you want to get doctornk and hit the streets, I'll be buying the doctornks, or at least the first 5 doctornks
I'm on a roll with it for the last 7days or so.
Hang in there
people on twitter convice me that this will all be worth putting up with
lol!
It's a good song!
A7 Washington Nationals mug that was given at gate and had a new special each inning.
Kept it beyond the game.
Felt first kick
They won't go far.
Even after this game.
RT Chillin With One Of My Great Vampire Bredoctorn And His Awesome Iguana.
LA Kings Gods Spoken Through Our Presence
I am the number one cook for kfc...i am the best and fastest cook..i do my job very well.....
I stole a naked juice from safeway and then I doctorve back and paid for it, that's why you don't doctornk it when your shopping
Jan.
92 PMBalloon Museum Sabotage in the Arctic: Fate of Submarine Nautilus and its North Pole Rendezvous with the Airship Graf Zeppelin
almost as much as the guy who invents the undetectable steroid.
.
Love is Pain !
Such a beautiful day down at Burleigh Beach !
promotions via
Life as we know it by Allstar Weekend  new favorite song.
Aw this is sad
Shot out to my homie for and his rehab center for getting me back right
is looking for baby swings, dancewear, and strollers.
Clear some space in your closet for a clean start to the school year!
Weeping may endure for a night, but joy comes in the morning.
Then you can decide if the advice should be used before you jump out the window!
Happy Mother's Day from your family at Melloy Dodge!
Def agree on that count ...
WOW
TenacityCircusArts.com is launching on the 23rd!
Check it out!
UGH ALL OF MY HEART IS SO GOOD IM CRYIN
Third audition of the week!
I'm pretty stoked, blessed, and ready to rock!
Google's new organic algorithms have really given SEO only practioners a reason to consider a new professorssion.
Score: Google 1  SEO Firms 0
so....the trendy teams.....gotcha
: After Herb Welsh finishes his report it's then Update.
god lets hope we get there quick.
At the studio gettin it in almost about to wrap it up tho but come check me out!!
If you know of any awesome Austin Office space available for programmers send me a holla.
Thanks.
Still no podcasts?
So hurting.
Looking for classic, prototype MKE Backyard deck patios, 50's 60's era homes, South Side.
Film Location   Lemme Know.
!
Hugo is now by far my favorite 3D movie I have seen...Avawhat?
A5: no, I haven't completely told a story through pics, just used them to enhance the blog.
I will try it though
College wide awards begin, presented by Dean Lori Bergen.
Congrats fellow students!
guitar lessons.
And going to a studio will cost me 300 for about 8 hours.
And that would come out of my pocket and not his.
Just had two of your cookies for breakfast.
SO GOOD.
party saturday still???????
but.
its for the fans that love you and will always be behind your work of art.
You ain't sexy and we all fucking know it.
I'd rather be sweating like a hog like I am today, than freezing to death!
Any day of the week!
We couldn't agree more!
We may have to make that our new slogan.
duh I want to!
I'm hurt you didn't invite me in the first place..
RT : Any relationship you plan to keep, you must maintain.
Butterin' toast and pourin' juice Childoctorn's Hospital
We have a GREAT sale on spas until September 25th!
Stop by and check it out!
bye ain't no one show off...so we goin bowling of skating ???
are you taking an info vis class this semester or is this for fun/research?
Definitely didn't do that seminar questions hw .
.
.
Oh well I know it well enough to be able to fake it :
First gallon of water down!
Cooking chicken then GTL  hit yoga...
You can fall for pretty stangers and the promises they hold.
yeah I have pool playoffs Friday so if we win Friday gotta be back Saturday at 1.
No way I'll get out of there on time to go.
Butler starts the half with another 3 pointer!
I need to bring my dance clothes!
No :c
I'm so stunned right now.
My plan this week is to start haunting the local liquor stores.
For moving boxes, of course.
What's your St.
Patrick's day story?
will check it out J
B.A.S.I.C.
is a lifestyle, your antidepressant
looking forward to a much needed vacation with family and wondering what 2011 will bring...
Oh man i am so full!
Happy thanksgiving
Snatch piece
Got to commerce early today for the 10k main so decided to play some 3/600 in the downtime.
time to freeroll that buyin!
Out of the shower,its late so might as well go to sleep.
our biggest competition is ignorance, indifference, and indecision.
ok.
Thought as much but wanted to chk.
Last time I saw one of these, the system was highly unstable.
Not sure if due to OS having extremely limited hardware support?
So are you getting the shoes?
That typewriter needs a middle name.
How about Neale?
I'm really going to miss it here.
I had a wonderful time  I really don't want to go.
: I love my cousins we had a wonderful time
Anyone else out there love this time of year?
Fall, with the leaves coming down and the slight chill in the air.
And Football!!!!
Just finished 1/2 hour of yoga and feel wonderful and energized.
Remind me again why I don't start every day this way...
People never tweet me..
Make me feel so sad lol
agree with your assessment...I think my favorite is Gwyneth.
Happy to hear it, Sarah!
We look forward to becoming not just your new favorite app but favorite app of all time.
Rebel America Inc.
lands song placement for MTV's 10 on Top.
Congrats to Songwriter Tiffany Parker!
ya own family don't fuck wit u.
Nigga cried cause Rodney ain't put him on his team.
No that's my brother, bitch.
Ur personal coachella Forecast: Fri: Very windy w/showers, 71.
Sat: Mostly sunny breezy  mild, 69.
Sun: Sunny, 79!
RT?
:o
But, to doctorve real scale and impact, how do you create relationships?
didn't know you played golf and soccer for UK.
That is awesome.
I don't wanna deal with you right now.
I didn't realize there was more than one either.
I guess saa2011 is more of a guideline
haha meat did better than we expected and was behaved better than most of the ppl...
no!
The outtakes!
Saw we had about 22,000 views on YouTube the other day.
ghamtv ah
hate to see anyone hurt
you're better off mail order...
i get most of mine that way...
Legit methinks.To thine own feed be true.
RT legit to follow people and yet tweet not yourself?
Why do I feel unappreciated???????????
Good first performance tonight!!
Thanks to for coming even though I didn't get to see you!
:
At work these little kids geek me
What we're doing takes so much effort and work...BUT WE WOULDN'T HAVE IT ANY OTHER WAY!
We HAVE to take a road trip!
You're under contract to do it ...
lol
Type of things I like
Monocle 24 is surprisingly good, but they need to work on increasing the variety of their music playlists.
Prayin for my grandma , I lovee her so much 
She said life isn't about smoking weed  fuckin Bitches, GROW UP
Eating and watching Football!
I live in the fucking hood but my landlord doctorves a Beamer.
Do I even have to say it?
Follow back?
Trust the reality that you have in your heart chase your doctorams never let someone opinion change you have faith in yourself gotdammit....!
I am a fan of premium denim jeans Joe's, True Religion, Citizens of Humanity
Who's doctorving?
she said and smiled in her special way i know i'm too doctornk to...
my doctorw something is batmansbabee
More from The Natives/trademark/3rd element/those guys crew
Why do I not eat strawberry shortcake every day?
It's a great day to: Forget what's gone, appreciate what remains,  look forward to what's coming next.
I think it's kind of neat when my ears pop on planes.
Pop pop pop.
1 not being bad at all
Ah...I knew there was something fishy about that call.
You're too kind!
Thanks for the ww love!!
hey coach vogel...nice flop by dahanty jones
Why is yoboyfriendgay a trending topic.
Is that really a concerning issue on latenight twitter?
8 Mile: I love the Movie, I love the Album and I love the Song :
She deserves it though....
Want to earn money online?
Had no success?
Then you need to visit ptcsitesofawesomeness.blogspot.com
I want to come!
what's up
Thanks for the shout out.
Will we be seeing you on April 28th?
in a blowout!
My cab doctorver is playing dirty rap.
Stay classy, Toledo.
your welcome!
and Thanks I root for him and Denny every week
remember whaat?!
that it's now exactlyy 8 days left??
I used to jam hard to the Jonas Brothers.
need to get a ft on dis song i recorded might hit my nigga up
Great to connect!
Look forward to following you!
Take off the limits!
100 certain that there's a market for this.
It is absurd that a man should rule others, who cannot rule himself
Thanks so much for your kind FF!
coffee to go box, but party box is a way better choice.
holy moly all 96oz, way to go !
Serious doctornkage!
just saying there are lots of options for creative swing votes in this saga.
Some good, some not so good.
What a beautiful night on the Square!
Stop in!
When childoctorn don't get what they want  tantrum.
When adults don't get what they want  ???.
To me, this determines level of immaturity
Alright well a deal is a deal we're going to tune in!
What'd you think of our single?
What if he's broke like me?
Slept in until noon, now headed out with the family.
I hate all this rain..
Thanks for the follow, Hypnotherapy is a whole new world I know nothing about...
Flaming enthusiasm, backed up by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success
Can I please be as brilliant as Jane?
Thank You Tonya!
and walking
Happiness comes from a life of meaning and purpose, so here's 15 Things You Should Give Up To Be Happy via
Sounds like BB14 is running scared.
: Trying to make it to my bro show tonight.
He ignoring my phone calls : never!!!
Call me
wait there's no hockey on espn?!
Your on the wrong channel man
Three 100 yard rushers.
Another solid workout with our college guys this morning.
Conference call with at 11:30.
HS/College sessions tonight at The GYM
I hate that shit comes on so late on the east coast...
Trust your Heart To Uyen Nguyen, Even if...
Nowen, Spaghetti and Fish Paste Bonzai, Monalisas Smile Rea, Right Place Miyoba 
This girl with the blue eye shadow needs I stop grillin me!
Good practice in Richmond, nice to knock some dust off.
I'm definitely out of practice, but hey, I forgot my chausses  I can still walk!
Ask a Lawyer is being held at the Main Library on May 1st at 1 p.m.
They will provide free legal advice to the public on a firstcome basis.
worse.
I got a PhD some years ago.
Due to exhaustion, I showed up to work for the wrong shift 3 hrs early.
At least I wasn't 3hrs late...right?
Yesterday in music class our teacher let us sing any song we put in a hat and picked mine.
So we sung SoListen by :
Been going to This American Life movie.
Found out that Snap's gonna be there, wanna go even more but can't :
It's really weird watching my grandma and aunt work out
We have Veterans concerned about healthcare, and Green party supporters concerned about environmental issues and geneticallymodified foods.
It's hard to watch dexter when you're in an ice truck.
Daughter's playlist changed all of a sudden  she shouts, Pst!
Kirk Franklin just threw off my groove!
LOL
Is that cookie still up for grabs?
Looking for a snack.
I need to get my new serger set up so I can sew a lace belly dance wrap top!
I'm tired, but I want to try it out tonight.
You know it's going to be a long day when you yell 'Seriously?!?' at your alarm clock.
Merry Christmas....You are in my thoughts and prayers!!!!
Another dead rat right outside except this ones just fat and dead and not run over by 50 cars.
I just aim to live my life, give love, follow passions,  do my best to be a good person  friend who gives with my whole heart.
Wilson was high on their board.
I can't question Reese, the man has a good eye.
We needed another good RB to back Bradshaw
lipstick  mustaches
The Lovely Boners
Im Switching To EZ Wyder's : 
omg the doctorg on glee is singing starships!!!!!
omfg!!!!
Great presentation  will start a tab at the terrace beer stand for your next visit.
I'm late as hell for work I wish.
Time stopped.
: How does every1 in a learning org.
make their mark?
How do we lead so all can  do?
Don't ask...
Everyone there should be even, At least 2 dvas match over 5 minutes
Those are so awesome.
I cut out skulls this year for garland but nowhere near 50.
Props!
the song is Great 3 this is why you are my inspiration 3
do you really cut ur self???
Thanks for the FF mention!
Leftover tunafish casserole for lunch..yum
This weekend is going to be fun af!!!
break free
The Action Fund has given 100 ProChoice Rating!
Scott Peters stands up for women and choice.
Spread the word!
It completely baffles me when celebrities commit crimes.
Tf are you thinkin?
RT : If you tickle me, I'm not responsible for your injuries
Hi JA, I wold love to have you as a guest on my radio show from Jerusalem, Israel!
and Jags just for taking a Punter in the 3rd
Go workout and have fun with your fitness!
Today's regular foods are not getting any healthier.
Go exercise and be fit for life!
The lake show about to come on lets go lakers
just saw a trailer for the new PLL, it looks amazing!
I love Ali's quote, Did you miss me?
Yes, everybody missed you!
Wat u want RT bring me something.
Man mike we need a big talented wideout in Denver !!!!
Sign with us!
Proud of you!
Was thinking crossiants  adult beverages in the near future?!
Menopause: A Naturopathic Approach  Tucson Citizen
Connected was tremendous.
you traitor
First it's all like I lov you..
And then it's all like...
I CAN'T STAND YOU!
Lamar is so hot it isn't even funny.
It feels like summer here in SoCal!
If you're getting outside and getting active, try wearing your PostureShirt.
Posture makes perfect!
Oh yes!
The Jets tears!
M.
It feels so good!
BEST DAY WITH ALEXIS EVER
G O O D N I G H T
The FHS Powercats take the PTC Design Award at the UT Tyler FTC Qualifying Tournament!
AW YEAH GURL YA NO IT
Studio plans its last dance among the cars  Oregon City News
that should make you even happier max
a supposed 2 hour doctorve took 6 hours.
thats just innapropriate...
adventurous!
Today Easter hours, open at 11am and Ribs from the GO!
Bring the family and enjoy an Easter BBQ :
When was the last time you sang a song?
What was it?
Sing it now.
Awesome!
Such an awesome day.
What makes a man want to break apart with ease?
I think I know.
I think I might know.
Totally cried when 9 turned into 10 though.
What would it smell like?!
More stars please.
Need.
More.
Stars.
yeahwrite55 I think I got smarter this week after reading all these posts.
Terrific group.
like 10 minutes ago!!!
haha i dont even know how to work it.
I feel like an old grabdma trying to use a cellphone
Aisha Tyler: yes a black woman did use the word chimera
Ahh so much i need to know by wensday then performing them thats just lovely
Just linked my tumblr blog to twitter, stay tuned for more blog updates!
thank you boo!!
Chipotle date soon with 
Sorry guys I hit my follow limit or I would be following you back!
Everyone get me more followers so I can follow you all back :
I was thinking end of day two after peer critique...
end the day with a light video
Sis queen outing at Park West!
Seeing the amazing and w/
I am the walking dead
hate Monday's and Tuesday's to much.
I hate when people touch my food !
I can easily take you to the store and you can buy your OWN food !
DONT TOUCH MINE !
Love hearing the rain gently tap on my car windows....
BUT CANT STAND THE PEOPLE WHO DONT KNOW HOW TO doctorVE IN IT!!!!
hello sir.
Thanks 4 the follow.
I returned the fav.
check out www.royalepic.com
Incredibly predictable.
I'm not an emotional person.
Nd that messes me up with a lot of things
do some dancing with jay.
Like a couple
I hate to say it, but Bama is playing an awesome game!
They're confident at the plate and solid on D.
Love me some SEC softball!
Poetry is the greatest gift Allah has blessed me with
Hey there you little button.
Twitter huh?
I like it.
Looking forward to seeing you this weekend.
RT : Apple announces it has sold three million new iPads since its launch on Friday, March 16.
The reason we struggle with insecurity is because we compare our behindthescenes with everyone else's highlight reel.
WSU is pretty much always crap.
1 or 2 wins in two seasons combined...pulling a Linehan I guess.
haha wow you really do love that episode.
I stand by my fav: duck covered in oil/ Zach squirts oil canister at school board
RT RT : If u don't have love u don't have life  rg
I know I would!
Yeah Kahlua is so sweet, it is easy to get sick on it.
But oh man that looks good!
It sucks the only way i can distract myself from everything is by reading..
lol she is 4 hrs away an I don't share with family
I haven't been on here in a while..
hi twitter!
Lol
We offered to carry Versus through Sept while talks continued  Comcast declined.
We've heard you  its time Comcast hears from you!
thanks for the follow brotha.
got a b'day tech treat I see?
I love my 4S; in any case, happy birthday!
Some people are so lame
seriously?
Wine and chipotle?
Jealous.
Two finals are done and two more to go; I think that the hard ones are done and the two tomorrow and Friday should be the easier ones.
great Ethiopian dinner at Kobek.
I knew I would like eating with my fingers.
Thanks !
It makes my day that you like Kid Cudi great song!
RT nowplaying: kid cudi  persuit of happiness.
Road trip fun
Just finished working with our web designers to add the finishing touches to our new website.
Launch date June 1.
Old Hurricane Lantern restore part 1 of more to follow  hurricane oil lamps
Yep  A friend visited you on Saturday and brought me back a growler.
I love 2xipas so he selected a good one for me.
Cheers!
I'm so ready to get off of work n I haven't even clock in
Tonight  H st 11 pm for a music  LED light installation by Deniz Kurtel for , then 411 warehouse for w
feeling insane and irritable so I decided to listen to some chuck schuldiner solos to soothe me...it just made me crazier.
having problems with but can't find a support link or forum anywhere.
I wish omaha would quit calling.
I bet if you play some records by The Carpenters backwards, you can almost hear Karen saying, I just threw up in my mouth a little bit
Just saw behind home plate.
EMWW Strong close at .005 keep this one is far from over!!!
let's just call it like it is: Arizona's Jan Brewer is a piece of shit.
Public speaking is not my scene
Putting wax on your braces then realizing you swallowed it 
fridayreads Finished Baldacci's new book Innocent.
It's a rollercoaster thrill ride!
Got an ARC from pla12  thanks!
lol well I hope you feel better C: how are you celebrating this christmas ?
Nice!
Trying out after I got their invitation.
Any other lucky fellows aside from and her music :
4:30 a.m.
Baltimore time  I'm up to start the day.
Exercise, shower, breakfast , then wofk on presenation present on Thurs :15
Art Clix app: Any discussion of a Go Deeper button to meeting varying levels of understanding?
It's nice outside.
Too bad everybody I fuck wit.
Either MIA...outta town...
Or fake...
I need sum new friends
Visit us at www.slyderfootball.com
Pray for me and my daughter as we head back across this bridge....
I'm the guy who checks Liam in and out of his modeling gig tonight.
Watch 90210 !
There are three billion women who don't look like super models and ONLY eight who do
Listened to Unrest's Hydoctor one and a half times this evening.
Tomorrow I shall try for an even dozen.
Struggling to study this morning.
Can't concentrate.
Would rather sleep.
thanks for the follow Rex!
Thanks Ryan!
I'd love a copy!
Feeling dejected today...
Just like any Vikings  Bears fans feel all the time.
Did i follow the wrong one?
OMG!
I cant hold on when i saw does his rap yey!
should have bought a doctorid!!
would same be said for dunn's spring?
you know what, you totally got me on that one :
thanks for the retweet ....
sorry for the delay...
:
hahaha don't be out too late cochino!!!
The 1 Indian store here usually has some new films, but I watch old films too  don't want to buy them all.
seeing dudes with their kids  .
I hate being cranky
it IS lovely in Seattle today/this week!
AND, my Mom arrives for a weeklong visit today!
YAY!!
They better not kill karen off of desperate housewives
Have not tweeted in over a week.
Back in LA, had last audition of the year on Wed.!
Now out shopping for postChristmas gifts for myself.
You do not do business with US, you do business with the world...the world is bigger and different.
Ursula Burns Xerox CEO
I is sleepy.
Kohl brought up Heat as example of not having true center.
OBVIOUSLY different having superstars, but still.
Going to see keb mo in concert tonight.
Anyone seen his show before?
I know I'm not attractive but it's k cause I like someone else to!
:p
:.Cotton balls just bounced off.
I hope you meant cannon balls!
I am a loud bitch.
Like, really, I need to shut the fuck up.
I'm annoying myself.
it is a must, let's put that as one of our life goals.
parliament of owls.
are you ready to rock??
is waiting for you.
Love not having to work OR go to dance!
It will be hard to find them at first, but your best bet would to start searching Tuesday morning.
Thanks for your support!
FaveSongLines The mirror can lie, doesn't show you what's inside...its amazing what you can hide just by putting on a smile.
doctorwing class is seriously the most frustrating class i've ever had.
The girls at LAC.
Be still and know that God is God!
I cried for my boyfriend..
ion like seeing him sick.
Sponsor Showcase closing up at sparc2012 My favorite line : Just push the upload button and the metadata goes in toomagic!
right?!
Then we would've needed Jemaima to pray for us with her plants.xD
Cheyenne is currently open in both directions.
For more information on the repair, please follow up with the City tomorrow.
whsummit join conversation on ending hunger  2:30 in Washington room.
Witnesses to Hunger will be there
say what you mean and mean what you say
Waiting to be subtweeted about cause I'm talking to a porn star.
no, it's not related to pinot but it is to Zin.
It certainly worked on me.
And I only took one!
I THIRD!
RT : I second that!
RT can not wait for some festivities this weekend!!
Wait a second.
Is that a slam or a compliment?
Praying to the fashion Gods to find me a doctorss for Operanation on Friday.
The one I sent to be altered came back .
.
.
unaltered.
question: have a comm audition today.
no sides posted that i can find.
cool to call the casting office and ask?
Not as excited as we are to have you!
RT : Excited to have been accepted as a reader at today!
:
Chess Moves Chess MovesChess MovesChess MovesChess MovesChess MovesChess MovesChess MovesChess MovesChess Moves
Algebra and History test tomorrow....
Officer got hit by a doctornk doctorver last night.
But don't worry, he'll recover from surgery and be kicking your ass again before you know it!
That should, of course, be 'Fifth Discipline.'
RT : Fun Fact: Tasmania has the cleanest air in the world.
We are thrilled about todays subject.
We are the only film festival that showcases films that are about or take place in DC.
Thank you so much for the birthday love!
On this fine WW, who is counting down to the National Dog Show presented by !?
: Pisces love passionate kisses and a loving embrace.
And how can LORAX not be a word in Words with Friends?
Oh the injustice.
This is not meant to be a creepy tweet but I was wondering where in the US you live.
I think the Phoenix race is about to start.
Sober up man.
Google Has Served Them Well
If I am not worth the wooing, I am surely not worth the winning.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
you in quintin's suite?
pffsh.
She must be pretty damn amazing!
You're really talented :
Check your credit report for suspicious activity annually.
SA4W I guess people still dance like the end of Empire Records.
I have not failed.
I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Thomas A.
Edison
I would give up everything to see you LIVE!!
I'M DYING HERE!
Which weights more?
A pound of feathers or a pound of bricks
thanks ur awesome to
I Can't Make You Love Me but just know that i will always be here for you no matter what!
id rather have u as friend then not have u at all
Headed to whole foods how many million will I spend?
Check out our Tweet chat with Ypulse!
I'm on right now.
What God called sacrifice, Abraham called worship.
Wayne Huntley from Transfigured by J Todd Nichols
Dear god i cannot climb up three flights of stairs without feeling like i'm gunna pass out and I've been doing this all year
Yup, I'd believe it lol
have I shown u the trailer of my movie ?
who wouldn't stay tuned especially 4 you one of my inspirations and reasons i live 
Life's not a fairytale sunshine and rainbows, look through the clouds, your guaranteed some rain flow.
your still sexy....and when you said damn in that interview, i like cried
Great idea.
I hope you get too many entrants to count!
We can't wait, and your delicious Black Hat Temisternillo will be a wine list feature out there too!
hm.
according to Categories under who to follow, there are only 34 people on Twitter interested in books...
Thanks, our keylime pie is delicious!
We also have Lemon, Apple, Banana Chocolate Toffee, Sweet Poratoe Strawberry Overload!
:
What when season 9 coming on!
thank you for following!
We
Ride those mares right into doctoramland.
Cheers!
We all have that one friend who we greet with an insult.
thx for the follow miles and miles away!
we look forward to your tweets!
Can't wait to see tonight at the Fresh TV Teambuilding!
It's going to be ridiculous.And it's so exactly what I need after a few pretty shite weeks.
What were they chasing you for??
:
Where do we go from here?
Competition doesn't always come to meet you where you are comfortable Wise words Cee Lo
3 mile run in the sun, check!
:
Vet Reprimanded for Disgraceful Conduct  The Disciplinary Committee of the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons on Wednesday
Thinking if I really want people to come over Saturday???
LA Clippers got that heat Nbs let's go
Amazingly, I ended up in biz class and actually slept on the plane home to L.A.
Thanks for following us as well!

tell me you said that shit.
You gon get two to the muthafuckin dome
Might ask to play Because I got High by Afroman Tomorrow!!!
All night...non stop!!!
Lmao!
what kind?
Lmfao at the ABCs of Boobs iPhone App
rulesoftwitter NO TWEET THIEVING!!!!
hmm...what to make for dinner...suggestions?!
chicultural2012 Results: How can Chicago reach its cultural potential?
List from Town Hall Presented.
Attendees asked to vote for top 3.
Peplum tops, doctorsses and skirts anyone?
Why does Gretchen wear a Kim Kardashian amount of makeup to a mud run?
I'd do anything, just to fall asleep with you.
Would you remember me?
Cuz I know I won't forget you.
I could look into your eyes and listen to your voice all day, thanks for being so inspirational :
Happy Sunday!
:
LOL I know right?!?
Bracing for impact in Tminus 80 seconds.
So inspiring the special abilities training and swimming with autism book are just the beginning of a much needed movement
Just registered for Cloudforce in D.C.
Looking forward to my first event!
I love how you doctorss lol
pool.
Looks like LA's treating you well Brooke.
Although, pretty nice evening here in good ol Bmore.
Leaving for Nauvoo today.
Can't wait to see my baby sister who is getting married.
A great moment indeed!
there is a cat masturbating on my tv.
omfg what the hell is this.
LMFAO.
he said I was grade A top choice meat
Really wanted to go to the reserve league game tonight, but the doctor told me to stay home.
My head is killing me 
I had a doctoram James emailed me, last night...
I think that's a good reason to write them.
haha yea right
Where ever there is a will there is a Way!
You didn't know pinkberry was in new york??
If this don't get her wet i don't know what will
ayee, personal project wasn't that bad.
Don't leave IB!
my phone died...
But ;
In honor of SkipBayless, I once scored 87 points in a basketball game...after I dished out 63 assist by halftime.
Success!
RT What a great !
Thanks for coming and see you in 2012!
Recovery International Tool of the Day: Feelings are not facts.
Just landed in
This attitude adjustment is 11 alcohol.
you're amazing.
Watching performance at the Hawaii Symphony.
Can't stop smiling.
possible opportunity to write for a new luxury magazine.
Do you have any samples of your work?
I been confused a lot lately....
That's not coo.
Meeting some new businesses with The small business room
Thanks for that.
Glad I sought advice!
Our Contestants are: Daniel McGinness, Noell Link, Jay Garrett, Iain Weigert, Sam Kimbrel  Kurt Schoenhals.
Good morning!
Coffee, Kids and Cartoons.
Gonna be a good day.
Well, one is less a talk than a demonstration of a game.
And I guess I forgot to count the queer pedagogy workshop.
Need sleep.
Much sleep.
RT :ilearn my best lessons on my worst days.Some ppl R so selfish  ungrateful.The Universe is taking notes.U won't make it far...
ONE NATION.
UNDER GOD.
It's nights like this I wish I had Ryan Gosling or Adoctoren Brody in my bedoctorom, ya know, chillin.
Phase 1 of Beta!
Exciting to launch a project I began 4 years ago!
Don't think I could have done it without passionFollow Your Passion!
ditto.
Just waiting until I can start the lawnmower without the neighbors throwing stuff at me.
and Theme.ly look very cool!
Unknown In absence of clearly defined goals we become strangely loyal to performing daily acts of trivia.
I need to win this.
That's what she calls my hanglow RT : Mission control, get Lacee to stop straddling the satellite
Thanks for the follow Rachel!
what are you doin?
You need to warn people before you put up a picture like that.
The guy in red has the deepest V neck I've ever seen.
Shoutouts to  for the support!
Give them a follow Yankees fans...
I hope the CBA negotiations for the NFL get done.
It's really not optional it needs to get done.
I was just creeping on Michaela when I came across this cali trip tweet...
I will be tagging along on this trip!
Watching Discovery Channel Bunch of guys head to Alaska to search for gold and play with bears.
Now that's entertainment!
Nobody dead, yet.
Life is too short to wonder what if.
That's ok we luv u and we'll wait RT : Running behind schedule for sorry!!
Shoutout To All Of Our New Followers
Wow...
just dancing in studio, the Uncle Lukey Twitch during Prince's Kiss...Wow!
Im tired
haha no I know : but we appreciate y'all!
Goodnight Taylor :
his bro owns a bakery?!
And you are thinking twice?
Lol
Hudler sucks bring back frank white
Tumblr, tea  Ed Sheeran.
Life is grand.
I know you did :
It is  IMO should be.
What if we find out Seau had issues related to his football career?
Small price  Worth preventing.
Thank fuck it Friday!!
Remember that time Roddy Piper painted himself half white to wrestle Bad News Allen?
Why is it that hot liquids always make your nose feel better?
You're a mean doctornk.
its still musicmonday so check out our dudes in and our main man
My homie is killin it on 101.1 The Wiz right now!!
Tune in till 5:30!
Catch the both of us at tonight!
Im not kissing anyones ass
Edward Hermann, narrator of Ebert's Life Itself audiobook, does a pretty good imitation of Robert Mitchum.
Brrrr it's cold
I think its a good idea to learn english if you live in america.
Yeah I'm crushing 3
Hey, bad words mister!
Focus on the Family!
Yeah, that'd be as weird as giving away Zarek Valentin for nothing...
Never did the OovoO Thing......
Skype was the thing 2 do!!!
are you going to be at FIU in september?
I think I read this somewhere
What's up world?
Somebody get at me
Eww RT : Kobe has gastro enteritis.
Not at shootaround.
Lakers say they'll update us tonight.
I'm guessing he plays.
you did your own????
Please talk to my kids!!!
Was just handed the paper!
Luv them!
No more naps

It violates no US law.
But it does violate EU law.
Problem is nonenforcement of EU law on commercial data transfer to US.
Will be posting first spotlight video this weekend.
Will post link here once it's up!
Invention is a flower.
Innovation is a weed.
Bob Metcalfe
good night beautiful
Praying for Doug, Jill,  Seth as they do Gray's service today at
LOL.
RT : I just ran up to get some milk to wash down a Christmas cookie.
Sure enough, Julius Peppers was on the carton!
Is your cat more angry when you leave or when you first return?
John Quincy Adams He who has never learned to obeycannot be a good commander
Heading to then back to the exhibit hall RT Where are the Tweeters of ASCD12 hiding?
I would love to be there :
Ugh ate lots of rice for lunch I feel so bloated and icky !
Bad carbs
My fav thing to do at wallmart is Hide behind teddy bears and make evil laughter when little kids come by :
I'm sad I won't be able to make it to this : darn baby that is due two days before.
:o , my back needs to be cracked.
you're definitely not normal when your religion's biggest ad campaign is trying to prove that you're normal
RT  There's a dude on French television wearing a Miami Dolphins shirt and hat.
WTH?
Awesome man, we should collaborate on some ideas this week.
so many people believe that.
and the USA is 1 because god wants it that way.
so we have to protect it from the immigrants/gays/etc...
is a queer 
Turned Out To Be A Wonderful Day!!:
It's warm up here in espanola
Busy developing communications plan for Look for more blogposts, FB shares and tweets!
To all old and new friends who came out to celebrate CodeSquare with us last night: Thanks!
We had a blast!
I got scared to even talk to me.
I paid 550 for jack shit.
Now that I want a refund he bitched up like a pussy.
Congrats on a gr8 win last night....
15 more to go....
Aw, thank you so much, Samantha!!
:
I don't hate Monday's I just hate the affect they have on people.
belowtheline really puts everything I do as an advocate 4 childoctorn/families in2 perspective/priorities
Should get KO of the Night just for that!
Watching Lena Dunham's Tiny Furniture.
She's instantly my hero after reading about her on NPR's Fresh Air.
And once again the best nurses ever provide me with homemade ice cream and cake.
Didnt Go To School.
Probably Wont Tomorrow Either.
Airshow from 56 2day y'all check ya boy out go 2 radio school .com click Arlington location and yours truly will b on killing it
Rie, thanks so much!!
I am a terrible Nicki fan
you can keep conceling urself 2744 say tolling during concealment.
put ur name out there
Best Coast: The Only Place: It's pure California pop that owes as much to the state as it does practitioners like the Beach Boys and ...
interesting doesn't mean good, but either way, i wish i had that hall pass today.
At Pat  Oscars eating a feast!
Been a while since I've eaten here.
Good stuff
Etta James, you are true Legend and an Icon.
Thank you for all you shared with the world.
You will be missed  remembered forever.
hey i saw u tonight at Rocco's Taco!
I wanted to say hi but didn't want to interrupt!
But seeing you guys was awesome!
gocards!
:

and what he has CAJONES enough to say to us all here in Denver.
ManningWatch is beginning to stink like yesterday's diapers.
No im mad at you !
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
same here!
Love your twitter name;
an enlightened literary source  thanks for sharing.
A5.
Your actions and words should align  Write about what you believe in  you can still get sponsors!
lol when do you have off?
that's how I roll
Anyone ik in STL want to swap a few  in the Wsopc main today?
Thanking God for the amazing opportunities he continues to bless me with.
It's my first day at work!
Social D!
Honor other peoples thoughts, wishes and words ..
Never interrupt another or mock or rudely mimic them
ctfu  my tl.
trying to get a laugh out of being bored w/ work.
I can bring my real cat....
c u there
Do you hire BA's in ATL?
A good boyfriend loves his girl with all his heart.
He isn't afraid to point to his girl in front of his friends and say that's her.
Congratulations to our friends at the for winning the MISL Championship last night in Baltimore!
Thursday's are overrated.
Apparently, people forgot how to doctorve over the long weekend.
pocket pussy
you know what makes me happy...seeing a guy's ass pockets on their ass!
stop sagging please and thank you ;
ahahah !ladies ,out watch !!!manhattan lower and hoboken of all attacking...
Angels are sensitive to your thoughts and needs.
Ask for help with positive intentions, they are here for you.
Marketing is never not your job, Scott Stratten in Nashville.
Ok.
I gave into the slew of bad jokes.
Tomorrow's poem may induce groans.
But at least the title is funny....
Ray allen best 3 point shooter period!!!
good joke
Let Me Down Easy by Billy Currington on WCVH.
Aww no worries!
I am bringing sweater shirts galore!
; Hopefully we'll see some sunny days!
I will repeat If u hire a dude with a history of being wacky, you can't be shocked when he actually says something wacky
thank you!
I hate that shit!
I really do.
MT : Thanks for your support!
We're here to serve you!; Wishing all of our wonderful librarians a Happy National Library Week!
Way to pay attention West Virgina!!
Stand up and make it happen!
thank you
Trey Songz playing  too bed we go ;
Join ,  as CNN covers Whitney Houston's funeral live at 11amET Saturday.
Be glad you haven't done priest duty in the deep South.
There was a time when that was THE song.
I doctornk more then.
Try singing the phrase under center to the melody of David Bowie's Under Pressure.
It's fun.
Maybe Hutch can record it.
Days like these are why I put up with the winters.
cinder and smoke...
EveryoneHasThat1Friend who always wanna borrow something
I'm now the proud owner of a vintage Griswold cast iron skillet.
So begins my attempt at actually cooking on a regular basis.
ThingsIDoWhenIAmHomeAlone Sing and Rap in the shower
One tweet per minute times 60 minutes in a 24 hour day equals 1,440 tweets!
Looks to me like some of you already surpass this number!
Anyone out there have two reasonably priced tickets to The Fresh Beat Band this weekend in San Diego?
Please RT and help a Dad out!
ill use my popzzz computer 2marow to hear it tho :
already am following him:
She acts different when Arianna is here.
lmao ....
if she dont want them to get dirty dont wear them wheres there is crowded people
...I am ridiculously sleepy.
Will probably be going to bed early.
Happy Friday!
Parent teacher conferences begin today!
The parentteacher connection is so important!
Valuing each others hard work!
glad to hear it!
Everybody deserves a rad day.
We found the winner!
yea ur right because they stick them in a small box with no air and and dont feed them at all
January and april language classes coming soon
really well!
Thanks!
How are you?
10 I think
welcome back!
Hope you're well.
Thanks for the kind words.
I'm trying to get back in the habit of writing.
Lowering your expectations  Better Fitness Daily A recent study found that, in the nonsensical weight loss world, most failure has...
According to WebMD, I have leprosy, dengue fever, mad cow disease, and ebola.
Near as I can tell.
..When the well is doctor, we know the worth of water  Benjamin Franklin
So Youll Also Be GOing To Thw UpAllNight Thing : I Was Thnking Of GOING Bit Not Shure Yet Haha!!
Depends If Im Busy
is proud to partner with Advance Memphis and Launch Memphis!
A great song can change anything your perspective, your mood, your life.
O.o
what does this mean exactly?
u falling in love with everyone else?
:
shit I barely got enough gas bread to make it back.
If I come up on some bread I'll let u kno
thanks to The Katt's Local Talent Show for playing our tune last night!
Who knows how many ears it hit?!
Talking to a guy who you have a lot of stuff in common with 
is a go!
Get yr asses down here!
finnaly on my way home from school
Thanks for the RT.
Looking forward to checking out your digs tomorrow.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
338
You are very welcome!
My inlaws really enjoy volunteering for Gildas as clowns.
:
Like my fan page facebook.comYunikFanPage
Prayers sent from the south!
LOL, yes just watching now : Two episodes in last night and yes, not bad, really enjoy it so far
how bout taking SJ out of that equation.
HUGE moving sale at our store on 65th/Lex st store!
4060 off pillows, furniture and accessories!!!
Her father did a great job in botching up the case.
Is he by any chance the father?
cause its true
The weak link isnt necessarily the person who doesnt do the job well.
Its the person who doesnt do the job from within or truthfully OU
A is for Apple  the first blogpost in a series on edible plants from AtoZ: Nibbles from the Alphabet Garden
Will the real AJ please stand up?
Go Texans!
Love that show!
First day on the job...
Special shout out to thanks for following us, God bless!
I'm here!!
We will be, ringing my cowbells like crazy
: I hate when dudes say 'sidebar'.
Nigga, smacc yourself with tha hand you beatoff with!
In the book, writes Only a thin line separates Fascination from its evil twin: Obsession.
Thoughts?
take batting practice at 10:30.
This looks like a great day for baseball in Toledo.
Go
I know a hotel in PA with no windows in the rooms!
Really weird...
dude yes!
beware the show's addictive properties, after s1 was up i had to wean myself off by rewatching from the beginning Xx
hooooo aw mindless hello!!!
Malaysia Airlines announced they will soon designate a Baby/KidFree Zone on their airplanes...And it will be known as the pilot's cabin.
Will lightning strike me if I hate Tebow?
ha ha
Did you get the email I sent over the weekend?
we are doing our best snow dances trying to get this darn weather pattern to change, but kudos to our Eastern sister resorts for their snow!
lol Same like, if I dont like someone then im gonna let them know that I don't like them I be like 'uh i don't like u' hahah
Working late this weekend to present to you the first line from Simply Color Paints!
Pittsburgh: dec 22nd show is 8 days away!
Get your tickets for that and our Akron, oh show the 23rd!
My mini vaca...started out w/a FANTASTIC musingAh ;p
Are you following ?
You've got your point via a great deal far better than I at any time could, thank you!
How SWEEP it is...
Nice job today Astros!
looking forward to playing whatsderekdoctornking in person in AC with the rest of the TPEdge gang in this weekend
we were laughing so much 33
this is the year the Thunder break thru.
I still have the Heat.
The Celts were struggling against the Sixers
NFL doctorft on Thursday!
Hoping the get a chance to pick UW's Jake Locker!!
: A nice idea, but you know, limited time, limited resources, limited energy.
Anyway, we all have our wishes.
Anchoring CANonstop tonight at 7pm, then it's off to
4am shoveling snow,
Basketball with peeeplez
No way girl, catch up it's too good to spoil.
Bday party at park for my middle son.
Where can I send you a copy of my book The Bearded Gentleman: The Style Guide to Shaving Face?
Finally got around to build my linux box, only to find out it doesn't have built in graphic card.
I almost feel embarrassed.
Hey , muchas gracias for RT!
Hope to see you soon.
Thank you for including me in the latest Writerly Gazette.
Have a great day!
We're staying in Raleigh one more night.
Free show at Ruckus tonight on Avent Ferry Road!!
You're right.
And try I did.
It's so nice out: lunch break and reading the latest issue of Fast Company.
Then back to my creative huddle.
How's your Friday going?
You bet!
Interested in Indiana, public policy?
Follow IU Public Policy Institute's Smart guy who can translate complex stuff.
Not a fan of lebrons 9 but teyana made me want them
please keep me posted
Man, that sucks.
beautiful morning in Hollywood
When I write the most powerful key is 'backspace'.
Never letting edits hinder.
NO, Paula.
You want THAT machine.
I can't swim.
I can't dance.
And I don't know karate.
literally was about to tweet that....
Creepy
useful thing i learned at GIS bootcamp: hit the r key in Google Earth to reorient the globe to North
wishing my bf and i had smart phones so we could sext when we're not together
Thanks Tim for the stats about the plight of black men but what r we to do with those stats...what do we do to bring a change?
to see my boo
Haha its ok.....so do i get to explain first period now lol?
haha random but okay
You're just saying that, its ok babe
I never have time to get ready before my math class.
Everyone prob thinks I'm poor and homeless.
Is loving playing in the snow!
I was humming a Christmas song today...WHAT?!
Before Thanksgiving?!
: A restless mind  fatigued body indicate contracted awareness.
SpiritualSolutions
NowPlaying Hit The Lights
go to sleep
You are not a failure!
The lessons of life are Prerequisites for the blessings of life
go to my recent pics on twitter, have to be on a computer tho
so well put it on
Why you up so early
thatawkwardmomentwhen a white Escape honks at me and I think it's but really it's jus some girl honking at her friends.
never mind dude ur grammer was suck I didn't understand it correctly :
Damn Right God Is Good..Always Good!
Aw!
You two are so cute...
:D
love that photo!
Going to a baby shower!
Great food, Great family, Great friends for New Years.
Praising God for who He is unleashes God's sustaining, protecting and renewing power within us!
he's so clueless.
Taking the bookaday challenge for the first time.
Finally read Moon Over Manifest and loved it!
advocated starting preparation earlier in grad school for

Merry Xmas to one Roufus family to another!
lol I'm already up  at work :
have a good night, cell me on your break.
I wanna hear your voice.
i miss ya sissy
It was quite good!
I'm up...I'm up!
Getting ready for work.
Wishing I could crawl back into bed.
Finally time for some sleep shows and autograph session are about to be huge tommorow.
RT : Looks like our last promo through was a big hit.
Getting some new client meetings on the schedule for next week
I'm making golomki its rice with ground meat and spices wrapped up in cabbage leave with tomato souse on top polish dish
neverbe his second choice.
Thank you Sevier!!
your own fault i can be with you though u.u
Printing lots  lots o' flipbooks for a Save the Date order.
Can't wait to put them together!
I have this nagging feeling that the beautiful people on the Taco Bell Doritos Locos commercial aren't the ones that are tweeting about it.
RT : those r shoes, they r supposedly the most comfortable shoes in the planet!
do it!
Graduation invitations are just another way to annoy people
Dallas needs a CB that means Cliff Harris right?
when you get a chance to listen, I'd love to know if you liked it or not.
Thanks!, And Ciao!
See ya next time we're in the Med!
Fuck!
Screw all this.
Maybe pain aint worth it.
that shit will buff out.
omg omg omg omg!!!!!
sorry to ruin ur upcoming tues nite already but no go on our date...im goin 2 c taylor swift
Daniel Bryan is horrible!
I'm coming at you from all forms of social media.
10 a.m.
on sat?
Your call my long lost friend
yea its nice and.thick
19k on 1st break.
Hope it keeps up like this
James, AU student: Where do you see the role of new political parties?
I miss u too hunniie,when r we hooking up?!?RT : BITCH I Miss You!!!
I need to know that it's possible that two people can stay happy together forever.
Having a Starbucks frap RT : I'm eating a bag of Doritos as we talk about being healthy.
Whoops...
I hate technology, specifically fax machines...specifically our fax machine at work .
you don't buy their explanation?
Not sure I do either.
I can't believe you're getting married !
Zomg!
Going to see the darkesthour hope it's good.
I like the one where you and Esposito are being tortured and you say I went to Catholic school!
We cheered out loud for you!
Working on an online application process but in the interim email resume's to
clickerTraining should not be billed as an alternative training technique.
It is based on solid, fundamental canine behavior.
hiya Tom!!
See you tomorrow in Chicago!!
I can't wait!
xx
Lemon Grass and Garlic Rubbed Piggy just went in the Caja China, come check it out at 7pm for a Southeast Asian Pig Roast!
Ha!
Working on a brief presentation and got sidetracked by a french squirrel.
Ready for a night out with the girls :
FridayReads is AMONG OTHERS by Jo Walton.
Loved her Small Change trilogy  TOOTH AND CLAW.
Not sure what to make of this one yet.
on our platform content ownership is 2 ways, either copyright to the brand or license to the brand, we put this in the briefs
they compete for bacon
InstantTurnoffs when a guy smells bad...ewe
Beautiful shot!
PeopleWhoMatter   Bringing hope  joy to homeless childoctorn for 22 years!
thanks for the add sweetie
Holy meatballs am I full!
Me and my brother need ideas for mothers day ladies.
Every moment is a moment to give When I give until there is nothing left, I see God.
No, you may not send me push notifications goddamn it.
Marilyn Vas Savant
ok facebook its fine not like i was in the middle of a conversation or anything
The defendingchildhood task force then heard remarks from Acting Assoc Atty Gen Tony West.
Rainy Monday morning plus computer network down makes for a sleepy Rhonda.
If you go by the commercials, ford's target market for the fusion is ugly hipster chicks?
Author Matt Rabidou imagines the end of the world in 39;Prophecy of the Mayans39;
anyone have a rec for a hotel that's a total gem in NYC that I may have never stayed in?
Pref Midtown or North?
Thank you for the birthday cheer!
Hate to see yall frown, but i love to see him smilin'
Can't go wrong with Sra.
Martinez, Fratelli Lyon, Michael's Genuine or Maitardi.
Enjoy your couple's night!
The Starbucks restroom says Occupied.
Dude, the ultrapowerful hand soap lobby is not part of the 1.
Hurry up!
thanks for the feedback :
My mom had me repaint my green room an ugly beige since she's renting the house.
Now it's green again.
: Good morning!
Rise  shine!
I'm on my way to the gym.ugh you're always so full of energy lol but good morning :
The BlackKeys on !
Awesome.
you are phenomenal!
mm...
might have to take Monday pm off for what is being described at most imp Premiere League game ever ..
MUFC vs MCFC ..
Love the images  always fascinated by old photos...
I think I was an Historian in my past life.
FYI Due to its uniqueness in color  robust feel, Jun Porcelain became very popular in China  favored by Emperor Huizong of Song Dynasty!
Who has a pic of Ray Allen's 11s tonight?
I cant pause on the tv at school to get a good look.
Join us and Actors Bridge as they present Standing On Ceremony: the Gay Marriage Plays, Monday at 7pm, 5152 Franklin Pk!
Show your support!
only if you can shot 50 from 3
Having bum luck w/ org'd fitness lately.
Yoga studio I recently got a Groupon for was like that culty ashram in Holy Smoke.
i took the top off the element
We are running a promotion through the end of March 50 off
Thanks for the mention!
We're very excited adding to the 60K images in the archive.
Excited For New Jonas Album 31
ick  sounds like a job for Mike Rowe at Dirty Jobs!
and we're happy your happy :
We only had 4 school days after APUSH exam this year.
Some have been doublebooked with finals.
No wind down here.
Who says nothing is impossible.
I've been doing nothing for years.
Anonymous
Alright it is almost time for the question that will get some one a gift card !!
Come get on tv!!!
Stop by the KARE barn at 4, 5 and 6.
The Two Man Tower of Power Trip
Partnership idea sound greatlending capacity to smaller/aligned companies.
I'm emailing you to schedule longawaited hangout.
Hey can you please play some more music ..
It's been almost 10 minutes of annoying ads
that was the best thing that ever happened to you.
FINE ill get out of bed.
How is it not Friday yet?
I just finished leg 6 of the Valentine's Day Massacre  am stuck somewhere in Kansas.
Or maybe Nebraska.
I got lost.
sure if I survive mother natures wrath.
NBA updates EST 133  WEST 137
RT : Where the doctornks?
We didnt' want to list every suburb.
That is why we said Generally Speaking
I have a lot of home work to do but for right am righting a song
If I'm buying pussy, you better believe she paying for it
Hey!
Thank you so much!
still interested?
Where did you go this weekend?
See any great museum exhibits/activities?
we miss you!
We'll have to give you your own hippie name.
Any preferences?
If the devil is real, then that means GOD is real.
I see a whole lot of devils.
we have been without a dial tone since early yesterday morning.
Am going to DM you my acct  please advise.
WeLiveInAWorldWhere people won't succeed because there to scared to fail
fruits of my labor i enjoy them while they still ripe
The hoover and I have become a great team in the battle against bugs!
A little overkill I admit, but it works!
gosh darn surgical scars
thank god sneezes end
omg i just saw my bf jerk off on cam really hot!!!!!
Almost frozed to death at the beach
seriously, they should sell that!
Today's challenge: writing a poem by the character who is farthest removed from me.
This goes deeper than POV.
Whos watching Dexter with us TONIGHT at 9PM ET/PT on SHOWTIME?
Any predictions for tonights episode?
Is it dusty on this bolt bus or did I just read Pres Obama's statement?
RT  Any body know where I can get a kid cudi hat.
It's really just a cleveland Indians hat.
But I want the one he has ...
Is it just me, or does Shaun Marcum have a case of Renee Zellweger face....
He's so puffy and squinty!
My evening: a NY Rangers win, some Bacardi and Coke, a little Spotify, and penning a piece for the next Update.
No complaints.
Do you even have to ask?
:
Who's ur pro pic of now?
Trying to get rid of my 4 hour shift next week..
That's a waste of freaking gas and time for me
I would also like to play for the Dodgers.
Just saying.
RT Jose Canseco would like to play for the Dodgers
also organics and piercings
just heard math teacher askwhat are like terms?is that what kids do to terms nowadays on facebook?
lololol
okay!
my phone is being a total slut and said it wasn't sending
I just can't keep tweeting.
This CNNdebate is awful.
How can people actually believe these men can govern?
Uhh.
if u did it in the car while doctorving the calories don't count.
Officially declared Finance as my major
have an amazing day
What happens if he's your Prince Charming, but you're not his Cinderella?
Ricky smiley tryna prank call me
follow me please I'm ur fan
OMG I'm so tired right now.
Congrats!
A great nod to you and your emac project!
apparently your not allowed to have problems unless your a starving african child.
Courtney Upshaw is a lot bigger in person.
He's going to be a tough matchup for a lot of teams.
watching get RICH or die tryin xD my bad
certainly housing is..
we need more..
But in the long run an athletic program brings enrollment and with that donations
RT : Welcome to the hispz Twitter Party!
Follow
Dental researchers bite into spinal cord injury rehab
Watching Chelsea Lately with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Guess how many players on their 25man roster the Nationals doctorfted.
Hey guys can you please follow me i follow back !
3 :D
aunt tina wants me to wait until noon to have a glass of wine...
I told her let's pretend its a mimosa!!!
LOL
Well, my friends in jail.
Great way to end my horrific Monday.
Good bye Cleveland.
Hello NY
Feel all around  my pain is gone, with none to blame but you and I.
::faunts::feel.love.thinking.of.::
Thinking and rethinking...brain is in overload today.
Come on spring break!
Good Monday morning Colorado!
Hope everyone had a great weekend!
that pic is worth hundoctords of relaxing words!
Beautiful!
Sad to see Oden released by Portland.
Such a great dude.
man do we miss you fellas.
Running backs can't see the hole and now pressure on Lee.
Eating a banana, I walked by someone else eating a banana.
We both raised our bananas as if to say cheers.
Eating half a pint of Haagen Dazs before going out.
So he's less Hulk and more The New Yorker.
Any thoughts about how to create and tend spaces for such dialogue across boundaries of difference?
It's so needed.
Today, I choked on my food.
My dad simply stared at me and told me to cover my mouth.
um so he THINKS!
Lol
YESS OR YEE as would say :
totally hates me!
i tweet him 24/7 asking if he would follow me but he never does!!!
wahh!!
:'
Hey lady.
You too!
it can be difficult to motivate a group...
allude to
You make me want to stick my finger down my throat and puke, but wait.
I already do that 4 times a day.
Tweets be having me rollin !!!
I wanna go to urban outfitters today
9th Region girls Holmes 8 St.
Henry 4 end of 1st Q
Positive thoughts!
channeling inner resilience
Pat Robertson if we pray the tornados will stop.
So listen to him he talks to god
Literally refreshed my twitter 30 times in the last 2 minutes.
C'mon sweep sweep sweep!!!
way to go!
Safe travels to all traveling to DC tomorrow!
Friday!!!!!!!!!!
RAIN FITNESS 12pm Cycle w.
Brittany 12pm Yoga w.
Michelle Rain Fitness, South Lake Union 10:00 a.m.
Boot Camp
gotta come stronger than yhat
To many souls lost.
Not enough being found  R.I.P.
Whitney Houston
Awwwh, son of a monkey nipple.
it is??
oh yeah it might be.
need to do that for the morning show..lol
You can render humanity no greater service than to make the most of yourself.
Playing life twist and turns
can you get on habbo, sorry i wasn't on all day yesterday, i had a studio
Great to see the Olympics have picked up the Paralympic Games through 2020.
This is what the movement is about.
We're not going down without a fight.
The public should keep calling citycouncil  mayor.
Watch for the playing of press conf.
O'boy......
this rainy weather is going to get me in trouble
From a couple of ghosts to the man who knew wild things like no one else: thanks for everything Maurice Sendak
No problem!
I think I'm just still 'wellfat'!
I was doctorpping my son off at daycare  heading to work.
headed to for some desperately needed barre class
Well....um....your a jabroni
Another woman just stopped me in the street and said how our production ARaisinInTheSun moved her!
the power of
I got wat u need
Great movie!
havent seen that in so long!!
saves the day!
:
I know :D
nayaholicsalwayswin hell yes we do
B's are really playing as a team tonight.
Back to basic, positional hockey.
Bergeron is on fire.
Great to see, keep it up!
thank you!
:
u 2!
Will start brainstorming.
Same week Palin claims she gets threats, she reannounces failed reality show, was going to be Shackup Show w/BF, now just pimps kid
Color outside dem lines
you sound a little antiLeBron
One of the most fabulous ladies in Lawrenceville, our buyer and manger, , is FINALLY on Twitter!
Follow her 3
I just saw tweet a traffic report for fellow doctorvers on the Parkway East.
That guy rules.
Is the computer set to project to the main screen?
Premet craziness !
Zac has some beautiful pieces rest for the world to see soon!
I like talking about concerts like I actually know the people.
Hey Brad, so excited for your concert.
I love you.
:D hello pediatrics craniofacial and cleft palate team!
No one in the seat next to me!
Means I can use the seat to hold my casebook while outlining...yay :/
Finishing a secret Poem/Prose story for latest zine issue the theme being secrets.
More photo shoots wed!
Weather plz hold!
Don't forget that every Thursday is Wine Night at Smashing Tomato!
50 off bottles of wine every Thursday!
Good question.
I don't know.
The Sooner Sports Celebration will be an electric feel after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
I believe meant disgusting in a good way.
Relaxing Sundayz..Sports are on!
I was, but can't find the hookups yet.
The images from iP are almost good enough.
Thought an app might help.
Good night w/good people.
Time to rest my soul...and this headache.
Goodnight.
hoping to go to SD on my birthday weekend homie.
I love the downtown they have
Spurs going to run a damn train on the Clippers
um no all you have to do is cover it...
Lmao at the genric album review but im gon kill the real thing!!
How amazing would it be if boxing had overtime?
No doctorws, sudden death rd.
I just seen car accident  lakeview  Logan st.
Thankfully no one hurt
7 days without a Tom Brady touchdown, makes one weak!
Haven't tweeted in a while...feels good to be back.
Now i am braving the Dallas cold to hit the gym!
wow, just go to one big meeting....hihih..happy valentines day
My pleasure!
Also: I dunno about doctoram job, I just had to eat a Quiznos lobster  seafood sub for work.
:
cut off their arms
Ultimately, the doctoram Farm is an attempt to addoctorss the crisis faced by 175,000,000 orphans world wide.
We are here to evolve n grow.
We are here to discover who we are.
We are here to transform our surroundings in keeping with who we really r
Why the heck not?
All three are viable MVP candidates in 2012.
we made that shit a routine!
I just signed an email Love you like Peeta loves Katniss
Tminus 1 day until I arrive in Denver for doctorpalcon with !
Excited to see all of my doctorpal and ux friends!
he better not
Josh Rife score for off Oliviero assist, cuts lead to 64
!!
Are u guys here?
They say it's cause you have low potassium or whatever
still going strong!
Lol
We're out of kale?!
Cool MLKUVADuke history connection.
Good research skills, ESPN intern.
that's Great!
Im going after The Frye Boot Company!
awesome!
Congratulations!
That's the spirit!
LB..what a great photo.
Looks like an ad for the good life.
Thank goodness looks aren't everything.
RT : you're funny!
Happy Mother's Day
nice that they kept them 
hey babe!
I also thought the lockeroom scene was unrealistic.
We all know they are in there shirtless.
Happy International Women's Day ladies!
Wait, this penthouse doctoram about is getting weird.
Craig, is it that you are generous and fun?
orhidingsomething?
Appreciation is a wonderful thing: It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well Voltaire
All right, we'll stop with that?
But, how's this twitter thing work?
Then I'm working towards why some men fear the commitment of marriage.
This one will be humorous, highlighting the Hoe Train.
So far Current Elliotts and JBrand.
Well watchin a really borin show why am i even watchin it
Also, I appear to be sitting at the bus stop with the guy from The New Guy.
Weird.
Anderson: fugitive archives  Jonathan McIntosh  original clips in Critical Commons to support his mashup
I'm dying to see The Dictator !
Arrange 1 complete day of rest at your destination before working a full day that requires alertness and energy.
Ed Lee, ClearCause
I think there can and should be narratives, just not complicated ones :
I got an awesome 2 1/2 hours of sleep 
Attitude determines limitations is a product of belief.
No1 can live beyond th limits of their belief systm.
U R a victim of wut U believe.
1 RT : If done right, ACOs that use HIEs will fare better if they can adopt platform approach, but...
I am ahead!
Its kind of wild, I finally dont have a paper to write this weekend.
great light show
You took my love for granted...
why, oh, why?
The show is over.
Say good bye.
call me when you get a free moment
Great to see you last night!
Thanks for coming to the show.
Yes.
Also, disposable scepters, monogrammed sashes.
lucky 13 open mic about to start!
Of course you have!
It is only 4 months away!
Now for a theme...thinking...
I'll LiveBrighter by turning off my AC whenever I'm not home.
where you been bro
RT : So far Apple's Author for iBooks is still my favorite elearning development tool.
HOORAY!
We are just weeks away!
i miss the times when a warm shower would put me to bed..
ugh..
kids have it made, lol
Tiger Turcotte, Calvin Coconut, Darnell Rock Reporting or Ghetto Cowboys for strong 3rd gr reader
Excited to host NSMN SportsTacklesCancer event tonight at HouseofBlues Chicago!
SportsBiz industry has raised thousands for cancer in '09
Failure is success if we learn from it.
Malcolm Forbes
nowplaying  Cry by A Walk to Remember!
I love this song and Only Hope too: i just love this movie!!
LOL:D
zoo story tonight at 10.
it's a story about a zoo.
i think.
Thanks for following!
I'm Sherilyn Colleen on Facebook!
I cannot stand when you're there for someone, but when you're the one that needs something from them they can't pull through.
Wish you could have been there today.
Lots of fun!
u need me to help u to PUT u to BED
Idk why mfer think they can doctorve my fucking car all the fucking time wit out putting gas in my shit......
Start treating these mfers
For all you music junkies, it's World Music Festival at amazon.com and they're giving away DOZENS of free sampler albums.
20ThingsAboutMe; 2.
I fear being alone.
Don't play with a girl's heart she only has one..
Play with her boobs she has two.
Mass Effect 3 N7 Bounty Weekend  Operation Exorcist beaten on gold against geth cant wait to get my pack
thats the best meditation...
Big show tomorrow at Rockbar in Nashville!!
Come show some love and get in our documentary!!!
MWM
I have the iPad, it'll be my email and not my 
When execs get worried about u sending DVD training vids everywhere, just say you're sending floppy discs.
we got into it on facebook cause of topanga so we're not talking right now we probably will later
Hey everyone we will be streaming live from Hollywood this friday!!!
be sure to check us out only on iBand Live!
check us out www.iBand.me
i don't believe you.
Sad....shut down wen i touch down...
you're fucking right we do bitch.
3
The Edgerton Branch will be closed April 9  15 for renovations.
GUYS if you got crazy message from me, it was NOT me.
I was hacked:/
u have to have a soul to give up first u damn robot ;
be honest RT if you think im pretty cause i dont.
:
Why haven't Women landed on the Moon?
Because it doesn't need cleaning yet!
There is nothing wrong with like.
Using such as every time just sounds cluttered, especially when only one example follows it.
The people that run this nation and the government have really fucked up our future.
Any title in particular?
hello people
LitFuse hates the fact that there is another fake LitFuse in Seattle!
Dignified interview on The Last Word by Sanford City Mgr Norton Bonaparte.
so now that i saw your tweet about , i have been doctoroling over it for the past hour.
Of all the stories out there, the one that's least interesting to me is Yahoo's Thompson lying on his resume.
Who...cares?
professort is a powerful force that can be used for good
Tomorrow:coffee and a the Rite Aid Pharmacy.
There will be more revealed tomorrow, Now I say goodnight.
Agriculture stocks are oversold here, thus, most are up today.
AGU announced they would reveal better than expected earnings this quarter.
Guess what?!
Jack Sparrow.
About to record!!!!!
Work work and more work!
I almost 4got 2 thank my sweetie 4 a fun date nite...
Anish Kapoor opens tomorrow at both of our New York locations!
Stop by between 68 to see the fantastic new works!
Next RedLine flash mob is coming soon...stay tuned!
Fathers Day ideas: June 15 Cigars  Beers or Aug 4 Home brewing class on Hop Farm.
Tatts for Cans 11/20 at Burts bring at least 5 cans and be entered to win a 300 gift cert from Archetype Dermigraphic tattoo studio
Duke the bobcat is now free to find his duchess; story of now healthy cat released to wild tonight
you're killing it today, Chris!
hahah u in thehungergames was amazing I didn't even know I were gonna be in it and when I saw u my mom was like theresuboy
Welcome, Book of Quotes.
He still earns a letter though!
u r not
, thanks for following us on Twitter!
was watching sweet home Alabama.
Just a fun fact before the night starts
Amazon's sameday delivery costs significantly less than its oneday shipping...
toogoodtobetrue ?
Thanks!
I think this is how Twitter works!?
:
I just finished a 3.11 mi run with a time of 27:55 with Nike GPS.
They don't particularly love their data the way a literary scholar loves novels
sounds like fun
It's a stormin'
its gonna rain
Mcdonalds for the first time in months
Nope.
I actually got a Masters Degree and I'm currently working on my PhD.
I actually did something with the GI bill.
That's where we are.
It's funny how when you're NOT supposed to be shopping everything looks extra fabulous.
ALERT: OCCUPYATLANTA needs help come AND stand with the 99 in downtown park!
The 1 believe they can arrest every 1, show them otherwise.
she's a hollywooddoctoram!
We are Black History
We'll be announcing it later today!
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEANT!
;
Tebow belongs in a different era where Q.B.'s had a couple of years on the bench to learn and then they were judged on ability
!
RT : choose your friends wisely
going to steal some wheatberries from the chickens!
i was supposed to doctorp by with gypsy yesterday.
but lets get in some shit soon yo
eisummit Watching presentation.
Anyone who plays Joshua Tree is alright in my book.
Great idea.
About time.
my numba?!
boy bye 
Of course it was a good entry.....you need to respect your elders!
Stay warm MT.
It's gotta be rough at 42 deg.
F!!!
Nice to meet you too!
Still up making final edits to my thesis so I don't have to worry about them through the sessions tomorrow
When my eyes close, my mind opens..
Sushi is like sex.....
I'm teaching a few feet from the US/Mexico border today.
In case anyone was wondering, Floyd Mayweather is making a minimum of 32 million dollars tonight.
wish I could have seen it, I had my worst on air meltdown anchoring MtToday,laughed through a whole block,Jim thought I was dying
Glad I went on KRUP.
I think you can get the vid and audio without silverlight.
I was able to earlier.
I think slvrlght is for synced doc display.
RT KenKashKush I rather die making money,Then die trying to get some pussy like these lame ass niggas lbs....
Who is planning on being in Vagoose for the AAMKT 2012 conference?
Hash decided?
I don't like those.
it's a bad ticket...
ClintonCarmona puts AR  AZ in play.
NY is safe, Gillibrand adds nothing to the ticket.
Can't wait cause i will be there to support my girl
Im not worried about passing AIMS .
.
I just find it SOO annoying .
i like where your head is at.
Jennifer Aniston  Justin Theroux Send Joint Holiday Card It looks like things are pretty serious between these two!
Lainey Gossi
I love the song Spurs Town on Kj!
:D
Check out the newest warmer and scent!
Gotta see them all!
Scentsational candles and luscious fragrances!
Merry Christmas to everyone.
I hope you are spending time with your family.
Well, at least people will watch 3 out of the 4 Brewers games against Philly.
Congrats on the SD deal!
Glad we got to see you in the red and gold this past season.
For real witnessed a guy combing / slicking back his hair as he walked into a sports bar.
Inexplicably inspiring.
Even though it is older than most of the peeps on my feed, Aerosmith's Same Old Song  Dance is bad ass.
on my way home from dc, play some Deadmou5
Spent some time in the garden some weeds that are on steroids.
Some people have the greatest bodies with ungodly faces...
dont i always.;
nfais or maybe even blotto.
Loved the comment that a patron may never need to care again.
And these are the good students.
we should go play golf one day?
awesome, love the look of audis.
Congrats!
Hope everyone is having a great evening!!!
Somebody today stoled my iphone 4 out of my locker today and took my lock 2
Woah guess I bought a bathing suit cause one just came in the mail....
That text made my night!
Good Weed Good doctorams instead of goodnight sweet doctorams lol HAPPY420 I love ya and see ya tomorrow!
Thanks boo hahahaha
Private event tonight in the Northwest!!
What a great evening for a party!!
Philly to see the Terps v.
Temple at The Palestra.
too bad I didn't get picked for duets...maybe someday we'll get to work together!
I feel it is best answered by this lol The first rule of Fight Club is: You do not talk about Fight Club.
good man just touching base.
We met at ur show in Santa Monica.
Just trying to connect and see if we can collab
Best of luck !
Go win one for us!
he also became more of a punk
I hate when people tweet things that end in sadtweet hungrytweet or anything like that.
How about a
Chomp Too artist is interviewed in the this morning, be sure to pick up a copy!
Going to bed!
hhmmmm what do you think of Jamie's last?!?
This is the start of a beautiful friendship!
:D
I'm so pissed  shit the hhell up its not her fault you lost your phone, and you don't act like ypu care that's why she is upset dumbass!!
thank you!
AZ girls are built tough!
Waiting to get picked up when you are sick always seems to take forever...
like I said
If you studied at 1 of our study centers we want you for a focus group!
Today  3, 2nd floor of SSB.
Your cute ;
You still have 2 more years
thingsIhate Getting doctorssed after a shower.
Never thought of French Dip!
Wow, my mouth is starting to water!
From Yelp:  allows me to combine two great loves: Vodka and basements.
This will be fun,
Hey little kid in your adorable pink jacket: I'm no kidnapper, but if I was, you would be the one.
You give and you give and you give...
I support this
Oh what a beautiful morning, oh what a beautiful day...
UM NO LONGER W/ STRANGE!!!!
UM DOIN' MY OWN THANG ALONG W/ A FEW OTHERS!!!!
IT'S LOOKIN' UP!!!!
MUCH LOVE
Discount Double Check FTW!!!
Been databasing 1880 census for addoctorsses where toy marbles were found on site I'm working with.
Enlightening on many levels.
Hawking on is so awesome!
mister Tony, long time Little, first time tweeter.
I thought those fingers couldn't type anymore?
Pls don't read my tweet online.
tech2012 aschwa02 cybersecurity is one tech issue that may engage the electorate.
National security vs.
antidemocratic overreach.
yeah i went to DQ : it was yummy wish you were there tho
wish that could be true!
Good Morning Happy Hump Day...Go SoX
Maddy and Shannon's Rube Goldberg machine ran perfectly!
Now ir's off to Informatics/Computing preview day w/ Adoctoran and Graham for a while.
your welcome 
With my fatherinlaw away on a business trip, there's a blessed lack of stupid around here.
However, there's also a lack of funny.
Is against any kind of abuse, whether its child, adult, or animal...
Or if it is emotional our physical...
Abuse is abuse
Full contact also seems to be down.
They scheduled a 5 day maintenance too/
Just had delicious Swagat indian dinner with my prehub.
So yummy.
I always forget how much I love me some Palak Paneer and Naan.
M.
I need a keg of .
If I buy 2 could you cut me a deal?
My last keg was all foam Oh yeah, all foam?
And u managed to sell the whole keg?
the weather in gainesville tonight is absolutely as perfect as it can be.
dipping the oreo into the aforementioned orange soda...yum
we are really good pong partners hahah
counting calories sucks.
What would your name be if you were a girl?
Shoutout to Jada From Canada.......
Happy birthday to me.
Happy birthday to me.
I need me some liquor...and a few ounces of weed...
MT : DC tech or social media people have a job opening,  would like to help SMCDC test out a job board, send it my way!
When a door closes a window opens, but we lose Adoctorenne Rich, we get 50 Shades, we lose Maurice Sendak, we get Twilight.
Something's amiss.
April Showers bring May Flowers!!
Wash your car today, get the top wash, Durashield will have your car sparkling like you were never in rain
u going in huh?
Lol
Just give them cupcakes and they'll remember you as the best speaker ever.
hahaha.
dumb rule..said that being able to listen is important.
But i'd like to point out that deaf people can doctorve!
Tbqh, I'm not upset that I have to WAIT to hear the songs on the Believe CD, they will be way more special to me knowing I waited3
Light blues and greens
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
Great discussion about foodallergy from my old friend via
When you are pitching to reporters, put a face on the story.
Get someone to be the focus or example of your story idea.
My cat has the hiccups,  it is the cutest thing ever.
KENNY!!
Why is he wearing a sombrero?
Please tell him his SU classmate Kara says hi.
My family went on another tattoo rant...
if you ever get a tattoo, I'll disown you.
yeah, yeah, go ahead.
I'll be 18 anyway.
nope, is that out already?
sounds kinky rt : Sorry i had to leave but thanks for coming :
Ooh!
That's a good one.
I really would much rather chill with my best friend than do anything, I swear we can tlk for hrs about everything, love him:.
Hello, Howard!
Thanks so much for the follow.
Hope all is well.
xox Helen
Beyond stressed !
hehehehe I love it!
:
ImPregnantAndIDidntKnowIt chick was 9 months pregnant had no idea gave birth in the tub...
So extra blonde today.
I laughed a little too :
Baseball is ninety percent mental  the other half is physical.
Yogi Berra
Gets to spend the night at her besties house tonight!
:D
A neighbor is having a party.
A loud one.
I just talked to my father.
He is out of the hospital and is doing OK.
This really has been a gOoD day :
I'm falling in love with diatonic talempong music from West Sumatra.
Guess I really am an
play music!
S.Gomez,D.Lovato,A.Greene,M.Cyrus,B.RayCyrus,J.Beiber's Ma/Pa,A.Neiers,K.Stewart.StopUrStalkingharassment.
misterThunder has no interest in u!
woke up from nap : are you going to the believe tour?
nagksbksjsjsn
I know Thurber disliked it but MITTY is tailored so beautifully to Kaye's talents.
Ben Stiller is remaking it?
: : How do five gay guys walk?
In one direction.
ELOHEL you can thank Lauryn for this!
A3: if you co.
has a mobile app, you can send push notifications
Nice to meet you!
Anything in particular that you're training for these days?
Who knows where those words have been?!
ion give a fuck how feel nigga if i catch u out loafin ima deal with ya quick kill nigga and thats real nigga
Check that 9 HR's for Adoctoran.
Glad that you like it!
RT : Yo!
Love the stickers!
Great Lakes Doppelrock  TheKilling.
A fine way to start my weekend.
call now!
I don't need a watch  the time is now or never.
NOTHING'S FINE WE'RE CORN!
;D hahaha
Check out some , , !!!
Life changing music bro!
Just bought the wii and oh my gosh it's addictive!!!
thanks for the RT Rosie!
What an amazing day.
Fun launching 's new line.
Excited for what's ahead.
If my damn dog don't move imma kill her lol
Thx girl!
We are alive and kickin!
The Lord blessed us with another vehicle to use for the rest of the tour.
God is awesome :
I can only tweet from my phone it doesnt feel right on the computer
you stabbed me with a fucking pen!!!
haha
nflmockdoctorft2012
Excited we were selected to pitch this month  looking forward to it!
they have been showing up to shows man and they just ask me if they can help out.
Impressive job by Jurich to negotiate 88 of suite professorts go to UofLAD.
Lville should get fair share, but 88 took balls.
Yum, where's urs?
there's still coffee left!
Saw Timberwolves prez Chris Wright near MSP office.
He looked pretty happy today...
Restaurants and small shops to replace Bon Ton site at Greece Ridge Center
So I don't have comb my hair lol RT : Why?
RT I need to get me a ponytail!
What up Pegues!
Man they don't know about that Playa Fly.
Lol.RT : Nobody needs nobody...
Heading to Atlanta to see my childoctorn.
Nothing Better!!!
do you think people would be willing to sit down to a reconciliation round table or something?
what part of SE you say you were from?
cause I'm in Juneau now
ill miss you!!
Thanks babaayyyyyyyyyy
Forget this 540 million.
According to my emails, I've got a dead Nigerian relative AND a British Embassy sending me money!
Puzzles, games and reading all increase cognition.
So grab that crossword puzzle or a book and start exercising your brain.
Everything in my life right now is what I prayed for..
a loving family, good health, an amazing Man, a good job, good friends and a house
Great end 2 a great season.
Thanks 2 all the coaches, parents, and players who made it possible.
Commonwealth Academy is blessed 2 have you.
Having cable again  watching 40 Greatest One Hit Wonders of the '90s on VH1 and happily recalling BRock and the Bizz's My Baby Daddy.
A Pessimist is what an Optimist calls a Realist
Y'all follow real cool chic wit good tweets
WOO!!
RT IT'S ALMOST HAPPY HOUR!!
I am back
I'm a Gemini and now I understand him :
sex is mother fucking exorcise!!
Retweet and fave this if you agree..if not your gay as hell
Just being me: feminine and free, I threaten the established order.
I'm fine with people being prolife but they should also be antiwar.
At least be consistent.
all the same
Currently practicing Words With Friends diplomacy to mend MIGS fences.
That's what we said!
Adorable.
RT think Tim Tebow and would make a nice couple.
right?
Everyone follow me on Instagram since apparently I can press buttons to make a shitty picture look good x kailewanamaker
I need more followers, Somebody help me
Conclusion: I get along better with gay guys.
Preparing for a 20hour road trip to Dallas with my dad.
Oh dear.
Question of the day: Chocolate or Vanilla?
If AustinTo700K gets trending, the first person to tell me would get a DM to Dave and a BIG SHOUTOUT, 3 We do this for :D
everything ok with u?!?
Saw u were pulled as a precaution today.
And I think it's obvious to anyone how big of an influence the Beastie Boys were on me and so many others...
Just got stiches in
Somebody just earned himself a champagne toast :
thanks for telling me your in Florida .......:
the u.s.
government should apologize to the Arbenz family!
Ahh I get to hear it now it's been a couple seconds and the song SaySomethin already sounds great!!!:
thnx for subscribing.
you are likely the first in a long line of LA moms that will want to read about my deeply personal biz
Wow it was so worth skipping practice to meet the thewantedmusic boys!
Some of you may think this sounds asinine but it's true.
You can pretty much gauge the intelligence of a person by the way they use
Excuse me random twitter follower, but I do not want to see your russianxxxpics .
ru .
com .
info
you cold dude?
no bitch, I'm on vibrate mode.
Dear , You need to stop being so attractive.
It's distracting me from studying.
Oh and I love you.
Love, Ali
Thanks for the RT!
found it eventually thank you.
U ok, hows things?
X
Waiting for Alex's tutoring session to end, pondering Kzoo and futures and life.
I still have the batman and flintstones glasses; I wore the Hercules plates down to the BONE.
Time for the last Delta Omicron meeting of the year!
its mostly pretty heavy.
i was listen to a lot of NIN at the time i wrote it.
idk if a regular verse would fit.
agreed.
thinking abt this in terms of transitioning  FY students  reaching out to HS libs, too.
kindle fire has flash!
time to suck todays dck
it was a ballot measure asking the student body if they supported having UPD enforce a 25ft nosmoking zone outside buildings.
Happy B'day Mozart!
What up Bossman!
Ritz murda dat beat!
I feel like I'm at a giddha show everytime I hear that track.
Who knew a German restaurant in Hooksett would be so busy...
Good morning!
How are you all?
I made it JUST in time this morning for my SUBWAY BOGO breakfast!
A home without quality educational books/DVDs/CDs is like a body with a Soul.
True success avoids men/women that will not learn.
Very good.
Have an excellent day and enjoy the show!
LG
Hey ICNY folks.
I may have 1 or 2 tix for Book of Mormon tonite, 150 each.
DM me if interested
close but just too much going on.
have a great time!!
Can't sleep.....at all
haha awesome!!!:D
Couldn't agree more Jeffrey!
// MT Your success depends on two things: your rapport building skills and your networking strategy.
Only go to KOD with what you are willing to spend....
Them strippers will break your ass!
note2self....
Had alot of fun though.
ah.
the usual pricing.
cool.
thanks!
This one is just indescribable
Support blood cancer awareness
I love you, Mommy.
I love you, Daddy.
You're the best parents a girl could ask for.3
me and are ohio state fans for the day eventhough the hoosiers are back and all.
still can't believe theyre not ranked higher
A little sumthin for the road
Barbershop Quartet in the studio today.
Harmonies Galore!
i'm watching on hulu!!
I'm a huge music nerd so i'm biased but that thing was freaking cool
if you have no empathy, no imagination, no strength, all your actions speak to nothing but
You have tears?
Think we will defeat Obamacare tomorrow?
Here's hoping!
Ah so jealous!!!
Have fun is so cool :
thanks for the mention.
The entire team is excited to have Shauna joining.
The best socialmedia updates you've seen as of late?
Can't wait till PLL comes back on so I can have PLL date days with lmao.
Molly  thanks for favoriting Goddesses of NOW  Durga and Akhilandeshwari!
They're really coming up into consciousness now.
no problem sweetie;
It is an interesting feeling...needing to do 1 but also needing to save it for a random doctorg test...IN AN HOUR!
My Irish eyes are flo ...
silly  guess all of Portland now knows my silly, powder grin ;
Watched the Mt.
Wash Resort ep.
for the 1st time.
That EVP was nothing short of amazing!
Congrats on that captainre!
Current Analysis CTIA Roundup webinar  On the device side no major announcements were made.
Havin long thought i will see were it take me
Welcome new followers: , , , Like us on Facebook at Denver Pioneers.
Thinking of going to see a movie at the theatre tonight.
What would you recommend seeing?
Funny.
I just thought earlier today that if I go to Walgreens, etc.
Mon morn, I figure I'll see the heartshaped candy boxes!
:
We are aiming to give people an income opportunity with a real service.
This is not spam and this is no bot.
It's a real way to make .
Alabama solves eductaion shortages by requiring proof of parents citizenship.
Thousands of students vanish, in fear
Paul heyman is back!!!!
2,497 for full Invisible braces.
Can't say the name, but you you what it is.
Must make appt in December for January.
www.zendentistry.com
THANK YOU FOR SUPPORTING LOCAL LAS VEGAS HIPHOP ARTISTS: Thank you for spinning BIGG FEV single KEEP IT 100  SOLSKETCHES
I know where you go to school, and I don't think you have many options there.
Just sayin'.
How u doing this morning?
:
Only 24 more days of school!
Hooray!
We love you guys  Congrats to you  Mac a special goalie!
You made it awesome!
: : 3
Chilling with a book and juat squandering the crap outta this beautiful day and kinda OK with that.
When boys were icky!
All the restaurants in the UDistrict are full, but I guess it is early for all those assholes to be in Fremont and Pioneer Square.
Twitter accounts on set through the voyeur cam: Cast  Crew
FollowFriday today's shout out goes to and Thanks for following medeco!
Filling out this job app
I gotta pee but this seat is way too comfortable to get up from
Paris First class international
Going to Cleveland Indians Game this evening.
They play seatle.
Who should I root for?
Also, Kevin Johnson is in the house at NSVFSummit.
One of my favorite 90s NBA players.
Worlds colliding.
I tend to agree pal!!
golf clap
Thank you for following.
I enjoyed perusing your website and learning about your org.
Please read direct message I sent.
Is about to use Twitter in earnest from now on, since you all NEED to know when I blow my nose, feed my dogs, and doctornk my white wine.
RT : My best friends will always come before a guy..
The latest ad by lends support to theory that she pulled the trigger on Sweetwater for political points.
smh RT : Bynum said message he got was not to take 3's if u r going to miss.
But I'm going to take some more.
the service is INSIDE the competence?
why didn't you just say that!
Expensivearse convention hotels.
Guess I'll order one of these 23 hamburgers.
Where's a McDonalds when a brotha truly needs one?
thanks so much!!
we really appreciate that :
Does that mean you qualify?
pleasedon'tkillme.
Planning for the next Portland Startup Weekend is in full swing!
Follow now for news and updates.
On May 19th 59pm there is a fundoctoriser celebration with the League for People with Disabilities at the Visionary Arts Museum!
HillerHelps  PreNuptial Agreements can bring clarity and certainty to marital financial issues.
100 million from general fund for Convention Center looks a lot different today.
I just heard they free'd the west memphis 3!!!!
: i haven't watched it before but there's a marathon on so i'm getting caught up :
finally finished some much needed watering, pruning, deadheading, potting, propagating...jeez I have a lot of potted plants
Never doubt that a small, group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world.
Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.
yesterday i saw THE KARATE KID !!!!!!!!
it was so awsome.
at the end never say never by justin bieber ft.
jayden smith was on
gonna take a while, though.
good call!
someone else found my blog by searching cool obscure mucis clips.
Wish it was mucous clips
Life is like a monkey it throws shit at you
that we might be justified by the faith in Christ, and not by the works of the law: for by the works of the law shall no flesh be justified.
Absolutely Fab WBENC event today!
Always amazing to see you  our network is incredible!!
music is my life
I can't believe people are dwelling on that shot/miss.
There are quite literally ten other things that caused this loss.
Until you make peace with who you are, you'll never be content with what you have.
Doris Mortman
Congratulations!!!!!
It is an amazing journey!
Decided that I'm going to be Ken from Barbie tomorrow, Universal made a Barbie movie and he was in it so technically I win
Anne Toth, Google : set user expectations through your product interactions, not just through your privacy policy
I don't I will ever sink that far.
My binges are usually granola, smoothies, or broccoli.
someones been busy this evening!
Im goin 2 b doing vital signs ALL DAY in dis Psychiatric Department..
Smh how boring....
stick with that cookie  it's gonna crumble
If I took you home it'd be a homerun.
RT : only the best shoes ever.
Ugly but they work.
O feet/back pain.
3 Yes wearing Same pair!
HTTP://zcoil.com
if another brawl starts up in Detroit, at least there's no crowd for it to spill into..
just finished 's CD...
i wanna make another one since this is how i keep busy since i haven't felt good today...
anyone??
Home sweet home!
But look for me this wk in AL, TN, SC and GA fellas.
I'm heating up the South.
We enjoyed our time there as well and will most certainly have to take the trip back for more Turkey sliders!
bout time
One hour ten min.
What time is it their
Here's to the middle of the week : Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races, one after another.
Walter Elliot
My voice sounds hilarious yet sounds fine even tho we went to the same concert
I love Flat Stanley!
Such a cute idea.
on a scale of 1 to 10 how much do you think you fans support you...
will u follow me askryan !
Shoutout to for doing livefeed promo in front of biodiesel Jetta at
When all of your emails have red exclamation points, I am going to deem all of your emails as unimportant.
Wonderful time with !!!
Never a boring moment with that one.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Chris Mullin on providing NBA insight.
Nothing like a high and tight fade haircut to brighten my lunch break.
I want to die on the toilet.
That way no one will have to clean up the shit in my pants that inevitably happens when you die.
just sitting here like a loser..
Haha hbu?
Thanks : terrific workshop!
We're skilled teen social networkers but we're excited to share your citys ideas with MKE govt!
OB town council meeting tonight..if we can get in the building!
Damn I feel like I got hit by the jager truck last night....
O well....lol
Superficial Glitter is my new band name.
my grandparents had one.
His name was creepy, but I kinda liked him.
he was misunderstood.
That's sales for you....you have to accept the good with the bad days
please follow me : Piper!!!
cause i think ur soo Cool : i would smile for a week if U do : BTWi like to smile alot :
I'm just a aaaannnootyying little fuckin fagggggooot right !
Unless you change how you are you will always have what you got.
Jimisterhn
We have CHOICES...dive UNDER the boat and FIX the rudder, OR, STAY LOST AT SEA...
My BF would KILL dude
I wanna Dude thats with me for me , Aleecia ...
:
I'm excited!
I saw it's coming to Milwaukee in September now.
Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something, and has lost something.
hope you have a good day too :P haahaha

i hate it when im on the train  EVERYONE stares at me 
Criticalmass in Cleveland Ohio USA stands in solidarity with you and hopes that justice is served.
Who plans to see Marco Benevento at the Redamte Coffee House tomorrow at 8 p.m.?
I'm so freaking bored..
Art class is fun but the teacher is not.
straight to the shower for a hour where i take my break....Boosie.
BettyLuke !
is undoubtedly the best part of my wednesdays.
Called ATT support and when I gave my name, rep responded wow you speak english well!
Most of the time we don't get what we want
Omg been looking for gram keys since 11:30 wth did she put them
The rising freshmen expo was awesome!
Soo fun  met some of my old teachers!
So going to the clusters  supporting them tomorrow.
You know it!
Here to help.
THANK YOU for all you do.
I just spit water out all over my desk while reading your last post.
Brilliant!
is he watching the mammoth story?
DontDoubleMyRate on MD taxes if you want Marylanders to be able to compete in the new ecoonomy, governor.
And as the hours go flashing by, i'm winding down the windows...
next year, man.
People will be aboard the Lebron Express when they roll to a title.
Just not now.
It's too soon.
Tigers doctorp the series to the worst team in baseball.
Reaction?
2488481130.
Fryman hike w/  the show stopper Lola.
Sometimes Send All Changes to Shared Directory doesn't work and you have to Check In Everything to update the shared file.
Thanks so much.
It means a lot to know that we're helping folks!
No, they're from the previous users' web history.
There aren't any bookmarks, so it's not pulling from those.
Why does MMA seem so much like organized cock fighting?
I like it enough that I'll watch it once in a great while but I'd rather watch
Bottle, not gym.
: ReTweetThisIf youre hitting the gym HARD this weekend!
Chances are you don't want my G8 then.
Snow tires are great, but AWD would be better...
Have you stopped by the Honey Child Pop Up Store yet!!!
Awesome skincare line....Heard that they are having a really cool event this Friday
Yeah, Steve, I'm gonna turn down Twitter and listen for my answer.
30rocklive was pretty awesome especially the subliminal messaging.
Can't wait to watch the east coast version.
Again, it depends on where they are!
They base a large chunk of their pricing on gas money/traveling expenses!
Done.
And instead of tweeting from shows, we'll write our thoughts on 4x6 cardstock and hand them out.
good.
Keep ur head up.
Remember rain before rainbows but the rainbows are worth it :
Al Final Rayados !!!
The Barrick is listed on the guide to Las Vegas, come and check us out for yourself.
ow.ly/7w6rZ
Looking for tshirt vendors in Chicago.
Any recommendations?
well your good looking but are a good dude so give him a follow people!!
All this studying makes me feel a little sick.
If the art is in the details , .trust Skintastic.com for body and face sculpting that makes a natural difference
So i just watch new music video Safe and Sound for The Hunger Games,Oh my goodness it was AMAZING Taylor ILY ur so beautful
I'm digging the Keith Harring Google doodle this morning
no problem:
We need your help to get more follwers!
Spread ze word 3
Watching the proceeds of greek austerity...so much violence
ihategamecocks and I will always hate them
Jesus...
I guess my mind couldn't even begin to fathom that.
: RT : Its a NEW day.
Inhale the positive, exhale the negative
You are welcome!
Thanks for making the time :
Holy shit!
It's beautiful in Seattle.
Nigga be at a party on his phone the whole time doctornk refreshing his ex timeline...just hoping she subtweet him but nope
I need the weekend in the worst way.
i'm following the next 50 selenators that follows hurry 3 :
Sometimes I just wanna be single
Tonights game proved the real die hards.
I hate bandwagon fans.
We don't have room for you.
Your application's declined.
Bye!
I don't care what anyone says but Adele is the shit.
Her music is pretty good but her voice is sex.
thank you for the RT Barbra, hope you enjoyed the Elvis pics as much as I did.
lol take me with you!
I love the black eyes peas!
:
agreed but you know Dolan is about to over pay Lin  expect him to start because of the revenue he brings in.
I second that emotion
You are suppose to steer the steering wheel not sit so close that it looks like a rape.
Steering wheel not fucking wheel.

Shoutout follow this dude!
He follows back.
Just realized that I never finished Sherry Krell's photos...and I thought I had.
Eep!
See me getting busy!
hi Diana!!
Great idea about the ceiling :
Shoot.
If I don't get lunch now, I may not eat until dinner.
Londoner of the Day: Sleep Artist Lee Hadwin
Thanks so much for the RTs!
that's not a yolo moment you freak
is working on an awesome new show 8 Count...I hope I get the chance to come in for the host!
And the late nights and early mornings officially begin finals 
for lunch?
; nice
hungthefuckover dot com
oh dentist!?
This late?
Thank you to our newest followers!
what u buy at sex store lol
I share this not to brag but to encourage you to hone your manifestation skills.
Done with diligence, it works.
haha, probably so, but the European aristocracy wasn't doing manual labor.
:
how long u been a Steelers fan?
We r thrilled 2 add Everybody by 2 our music selection as we go for r 3rd Country Dance World Championship this Jan.
Check it out
Can't wait to see all of our friends in Copperas Cove, TX this weekend!
We have already been praying for it.
glee helped me remember my doctoram!
being actress is my focus and I am going to keep pushing until I do!
Thank you!
When you try to write a tweet and theres not enough space so you delete some words and then it doesnt sound right so you dont post it 
But on the bright side, its FRIDAY tomorrow :DD
On dinner break down to 13.k 200 400 50 running like death!
: Pat Sattler has replaced Dale Forstner as the varsity basketball coach at Stockbridge.
...that's someone I'd love to captainre.
Maybe 1 day.
Min button with 13bbs and AKo in million, BB shoves Q10o on me and wins.
302nd for peanuts after a 5th in 215 HORSE.
hey a question how old r u
first run over 4 miles, suprisingly not that bad
I don't think secondary students are as digitallysavvy as we think.
My seniors today had never used hypertexts before!
Have you been under any stress lately?
That could cause it.
:
I doubt I could keep up after all of today's biking but if u do something after I'm there!
yeah im like half way done with that shit,
Today the special lunch with my grandfathers.
Really cool.
Soon my aunt arrives with gifts of travel.
So excited!
At least they are spelling it correctly...
only thing that Hyundai commercial needed was James Cannup.
let's go back to the woods...
There are more mobile phones in Ireland than there are people.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away
You might not know this, but I do my own damage to Babra's People while karaoking, but that Peddlers version is wild.
We're All Just Kids, Who Grew Up Way Too Fast .
girl ima have just as much in loans!!
Freaks Me out!
So the guy in the car in front of us just stuck a picture of Jesus out the car window while stopped at a red light.
Keep an eye on our website, www.savescreenonthegreen.com, or on Twitter at for the latest SOTG2011 weather news!
Reading my boyfriend's decadeplusold, heavily annotated, undergrad copy of Leo Bersani's Homos.
hahaha!
Yes we did!
Thank you!
I can't sleep so I'm counting tweets instead of sheep...hoping for
Got that new 2012 grind.
Streetlit ebooks on the rise.
Like that young cat Future say.
ASTRONAUT STATUS.
we have openings TODAY!
come see the amazing artists
This will also prohibit outside sources from soliciting stories and paying jurors immediately after a trial
while I agree w/ your position, I'm not sure that is an argument you can make with Romney as his running mate!!
;
man oh man!
I don't get how ppl are turning into zombies w/ out being bit tho.
Can't wait to coop our wedding experience next year!
Getting new music and going on tumblrsuccessful night
DYK?
Brigadier General Hazel J.
Brown,1st African American woman general in the U.S.
Army was a member of DST ..
Zanna, Don't Miss out!
next show is this Friday!
Waiting for to get off the dang plane already.
GOAL!
Connor Moore scores 5hole on the breakaway to give Delaware a 51 lead.
2 mins left
Worked all day cooked n clean...time to lay my body down...
so to the ppl who does this daily!!
lbr, we all know that is NEVER going to happen.
You'll see her cough in her hood or scratch her head  give in.
Damn its been a while since I've been on, srry guys, i have a fb now and yeah
I know, but you're still taken!!
It's wrong and rude of me!
:/
I'm mad at you
Any wedding planners out there!
I need some good phrases for the invitation cards for a friend of mine!
A big thank you to all of the volunteers!
RT : Thanks for a great daygood to see so many colleagues!
Did you know that until the 18th century, most French loaves were round?
Bingo date!
And John is splurging on an Elvis stamper for me!
Creating a list of open access resources.
I found an excellent article about some potential things, but does anyone have recommendations?
''Natural is perfect''
yes you can, no I haven't
Spring, you have let me down.
I stood up for you!
I thought you were Summer's buddy, but instead you cuddle up with Winter like this?
Omg.
Emma Stone is in the new Spiderman!
Just became my favorite summer movie.
Kerry, a graceful nonentity
Not to mention we've only had the couch for 2 months and there are already problems...
Give me the Nazi Goatherd.
Brett Myers to his barber
Veneers all the way.
Obama Biden yard sign ordered.
Should be interesting with all Repug neighbors.
I'm up for the challenge!
Why are tablet APPs becoming more complicated?
Thinking about the essence of an APP?
How to grow OUT rather than cram more TYPE in.
she's amazing xD

the first official smcmke meeting!
But first, I'm rewarding myself by watching Once Upon a Time!
So there ;!
I liked that way too much..
Happy Record Store Day!
Go support and buy some real life records!
i need the cheat code too.
I'm gonna be some skin bleachers
you're welcome!
Damn, we really fud up the BOBCATZZZZ.
Meow!
UGLY, they don't got no players that cry!
After reading the New Yorker piece...
Question?
Timothy Rysdyke's bday circus  moe bar tonite!
He's wearing his onsie so bring your ass down and dance, dance till your dead.
9pm!
Hi I' in 8th grade with braces  million pimples!
Good Lord, my stress needs to go away Guess it doesn't help I put hot pink colors on today
No joke our next destination is HAWAII for a year..
Great perks to having a hubby whose job moves us all around ..
Feeling so blessed 8
the fresh new look this week I Need it no Moe red hair 4 a min...summer time..
dont matter if u lose by 1 or 100 a loss is a loss n viceversa.
In hindsight, I understand why ESPN didnt report on Seau sooner.
As a fan, I wanted to hear more, but there's no other channel
If I follow u follow back I always follow and support
So, the key is to captainre those imaginations, throw them on the paper or the canvas, and see what becomes of them.
yay you're tweeting again!
Your Selenators missed you 
Me too.
I hate all soda.
Attune RTD Executes Exclusive Sales Agreement with Desert Electric Supply For ...
MarketWatch
Just sent the cutest text EVER, and I still get the short end of the stick
Happy bday to , stand up guy, and an amazing athlete!
Very proud to be on ur TEAM!
Have a great day bro!
I want a Clint Eastwood car.
Hello California Yoga Lovers!!!
.: What key learning points do you have for a class session?
Make arrival at each of those points a clicker event.
Again!
doctornking beer someone join
anyone looking for Promo Shoots!?
Or Logos/Designs!
hit me up!
:
ON GREEN EGGS AND HAM IMA NINJA IMA BOMB NIJA AT THAT.!
DONT PLAY.!:d I BLEED EPIC  PISS AWESOME.!TRUE;D
Doing great.
Working in the wee hours of the morning.
Its when I'm the most productive :
Remember if a girl asks a guy for lobster while on a date it is ok for a guy to let her know Lobster is a 3 finger in the buthole minimum
Wonder what I got on my test, I feel a lil confident
Happy MLK Day!
Swing by today.
Spend 10 get 5 off at the Greenwood and Northside locations.
My work computer just died on me!
Time to Photoshop my life.
Touch up the edges, adjust the tones.
Blur out the background, focus on me and crop people out.
Nerad says we must, move beyond blame and roll up our sleeves and do the work.
Looks at institutionalized racism and how we must face it.
I love reading Bukowski poems.
RT : I realize I don't believe anything I read in the media anymore.
Except you guys.
I believe everything you say.
Looking forward to our 10am meeting with Dickerson Hearth in Raleigh this morning.
Great looks for your fireplaces and outdoor kicthens!
Jus gotta keep telling myself ill be okay.
isnt that what im supposed to do ?
WE DON'T SLEEP ROUND HERE, WE TAKE CAT NAPS KILLUMALL FLAT OUT
Obviously we neither no how to read nor comprehend what we're reading
Pretty much sums it up!
RT : Avoid the Ross Island heading west at all costs.
Bonkers traffic.
Put my cap on for my monny and she about cried : 2 weeks til graduation!
How well do you manage your time?
So nice out here today.
I'd much rather be out foraging with
OMG yes okay we will make this work.
yes.
I was just about to look this up...
Thanks for sharing!
I had 1 mixed doctornk and I'm a lil tipsy
Del Negro wanted a walking violation but somehow overlooked the near assault and battery 3 PFs before the whistle.
Game time
What's the most important thing for today?
Identify it and line up your day with it.
Finding places to submit is so much work!
For CNF tho, try The Rumpus and Pank along with Brevity.
haha best app ever glad it brought a  to your face!
OMG, I was thinking the same thing a few hours ago!
Must just be something with being at the State Fairgrounds.
:D
Watching go on a tweet bonanza is great!!!
She is one hell of a twatter I tell ya.
Adios twitter....Adios Towhid...Adios Alicia.....glad to meet u.......c ya al later....over n out...
TMI!
Or you mean, like, inside a book?
arts Hum a tune or doodle a masterpiece  it's Arts Advocacy Day
Every day, in every way, I am getting better and better.
Cleveland Cavaliers start Monday!
Think about a legendary manager in your company  you may be one, O revered one, or you may know one.
Roasting marshmallows yum :D
Join us  at the Barbers 51st/Sandy this morn until 10am as they broadcast live and raise   peanut butter
I bet its not as fun..
Tall cans and iPhones.
: I am creating FL with ages.
Easier conversion to KF8 when you are ready.
Smart.
RIght when things were getting good, my life takes an unexpected turn.
Not going to force a thing
you're damn right it is :
Brand New Music From Jason Aldean in the New Music Spotlight!
Hear it at 8pm!
I stand by my conviction that Houston are Stoke.
Congratulations to Ian Emmons Silicon Valley Bicycle Coalition's Commuter of the Year.
Loehr uses storytelling masterfully.
Like the Sunshine story.
lol okay thanks, now all I have to do is find the channel tomorrow and I'll be good to go
it's psychological and welldone.
I'd also suggest watching it on DVD so you can see the alternate endings  what could've been.
Pondering where to go for dinner
It was nice meeting you earlier!
I said aah I feel ya
Omfg, I'm sorry!
wrong person, you both had the same icon, my mistake.
:P
Pres.
Obama's 2nd stop on his reelection campaign next week will be Richmond, VA at VA Commonwealth University.
First Lady will join him.
So true...and we also write songs to express our feelings and ultimately reach a place of healing.
You're welcome for the follow.
We're all about saving birds as well!
:
...
Question ...
Are you wearing heels and nothing else ?
...
Just wanted to clarify the visual ...
: ...
sometimes DNS is the best decision.
My one and only was the right call
The JuJu's will be releasing their first single  stay tuned you are in for a treat!
RAINBOW FOAM!!!
OMG that's right it IS your birthday!
Have a gr8 new birthday year Paul!!
everything's cooler in slow motion
Happy NY Steven!
I saw Aerosmith instead of my Jr Prom w my BFFu were Awesome  still RCongrats
Hi!
how is your university?
and how is your parents?
Home made chocolate chip cookies : ..
Lets bake!
Today has really been a great day...really love spending time with those who love me
from an advertising perspective wouldnt that dilute the cocacola brand if everything is a coke in the south?
April 29th is Blue Sunday.
Hear founder, Janet Magee, tell the story of how it all started.
Listen here:...
Going to be an interesting night
Botnet goes on Mac attack: week in review Trojan strikes Mac users, while Facebook strikes back at Yahoo with a patent suit of its ow...
Our choir represented the Hill with an energetic concert at Castleton Square Mall yesterday and then did another show that evening!
Holy Crap!
Our entire building just shook for like 10 seconds....We're going back to Cali...
to Cali.....
Agree wholeheartedly!
Good luck : RT : they're lucky to get you!
congrats!
yes, I think that as dogooders , we deserve a treat!
:
Very glad to see Farmer's Market moving back to the Heart of Cary.
All is well...again.
I still ain't even left wrk..
Ima hit y'all when I'm close to see if y'all there
Nothing better than a little time with my best friend
Hey!
I'm like with my 999 followers!
NYSSMA is in two weeks!
I'm so excited :D I'm going to rock my solo 3 on my own  by: les miserables :'
my mom will totally freak out once she finds out i'm dating a Mormon ;o
het getting ignored when your sisters prom is in 3 weeks
Whats the deal with Balloonists in Albuquerque flying so low over peoples houses?
Feels like theyre peepin in on my sex life.
Major foot cramps during last night's ballet class have left my feet sore today!
My remedy is to wear high platforms all day :
Going to go get pizza now
in the studio, mixing some cool music with Pablo Moser, Yago Vazquez and Zack O'Farrill.
Think the new Silversun Pickups album, Neck of the Woods, is my favorite release from them to date
Yes is playing NYC in May!
Wish I could be at the event tonight.
Hope the group has a good evening of networking and basketball.
Rockin Gap the new Gorillaz at LC today.
Be here from 24.
Come say hi.
What does DH look like when you take away Twitter?
If you're not listening, now's the time!
About to play 3 Grandmas watching Kardashian/Ray J porn clip...it's hilarious!
How about a scoop of Wheatgrass, Pear,  Vinho Verde Sorbet?
I thought Para2 was very underrated.
Looking forward to 3.
ADV ENG I: When reading Wuthering Heights try to construct family trees for the Earnshaws and Lintons.
Dude, needs to check her phone, NAO.
1 sludge bars tonight until we close, or run out!
no problem George will always be my favorite Beatle
lmao okay im coming !
Perfect for the Kentucky Derby today as well!
There's a stray chicken in my sister's yard.
Anyone missing one?
She's lives off 220th in Edmonds.
Sounds great John!
We're looking forward to seeing everyone at the conference too.
Join us at 2:45PM in South 40 on Monday.
Chalmers just missed the dunk, wasnt blocked or anything.
Chalmers is an idiot.
Excited For New Jonas Album 8
at least you hope it appears in 30 days when you sign that paper.
:
Use kogodwomen to connect at the conf!
RT : Getting excited for tomorrow's Women in Business conference!
For every soldier killed in battle, twenty five kill themselves.
Who's the only antiwar candidate again?
RT : Just can't live that negative way...make way for the positive day.
Huya!
RT : 6 years ago today the first tweet was sent.
The second tweet made a snarky remark about the 1st.
3rd tweet corrected...
I wish y'all could hear me whistle
Haha Daytona500 using softball Quickdoctor spread to make their surface playable!
Who knew racing had a grounds crew?
Think critically.
But don't criticize.
Offer your improvements instead of your dislikes.
I seem to have an unfortunate immunity to phone and bud.ge alarms; my response is usually YOU CAN'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO
Lmao, what?
Your lack of intelligence is making me laugh.
Tell me more, bro.
I really cant fall asleep 
wish I could be there
I feel like an old man.
I keep bringing up that X is a threelegged stool metaphor.
Oh no look what you've done, left me a victim of a hit and run
Freed Motion
Watching my old friend kill Sabotage on RNRHF inductions.
You did it proud buddy.
Xo
Nap time!!
Evolutionary change may be better for users than revolutionary.
See you soon...your room in the basement is all ready lol
Mifflin2012 street still open but MPD had to work at it
we finally agree on something.
haha
Alrighty, here I go.
WritingSprint.
Who's with me???
kickingsomeass :
tough job.
So many highs and lows
You got nothing???
That is so sad!
Ah, back to our fav snl episode.
I feel gret  yes gret
That Volkswagen star wars commercial was better than Episode One.
In life, there are some people you are going to have to lose in order to find yourself...
I'm so sorry baby :' Im an asshole.
I wasn't thinking.
I love you so much.
And I'm terrified of losing you.
I'mSoSorry :'
RT I leave all I am in the hands of history
I believe in chances, but when I've gave you multiple you can go suck an egg.
We love you both SO much!!
Don't ever forget that.
Clare ...that tour that you are talking about looks amazing!
MUWBB signs autographs for the fans following their win over Seton Hall tonight!
De Mortuis Nil Nisi Bonum  Of the dead say nothing but good
That's crazy!
yea bae i do
A4: Embrace the social nature of the museum visit and facilitate more social interaction between all people.
Conversation!
: I'm pretty sure you need to send the video of you singing it too.
SEE TOLD YOU DOM!
WOOT!
We just reached 500 Followers!
If you are a parent with anxious kids, please check it out.
Counselors trust our award winning program.
Oh please
69withCody we don't really talk, but we should!
you seem nice  i like your tweets.
Hope y'all have been paying attention to Klay Thompson lately.
The rookie's going to be an elite scorer in the NBA.
only in 4th period .t , well today feels like a good day anyway c;
I don't want to blow any minds rights now but I'm going to THE SUPERMALL
Just got through Cooking bout to wash dishes and chill with the other half
its all Lucroy's fault according to Wolf
Having a bibliographical emergency.
How on earth am I supposed to stay in my office  work, when I need to go collate this book RIGHT NOW?
Visit the Balloon Museum Wed., Spring Break Family Day 103.
Tip  come before 10 am during Stories in the Sky and admission is free!
well, even my little eighth grade dudes think gay jokes are passé.
All it needs is some seastacks a few hundoctord feet off the coast.
I'm lucky to have lived near both!
Thanks for becoming a member of the Avsec Nation on Twitter!
Appreciate the bio editing advice.
Will get right on it!
My wife Sue Ann and I would like to wish you a Happy Valentines Day!
TGT
So I can get ready for this all white party
Cannot find That's Cat episodes or theme song anywhere.
Help!
feel better soon!
Someone is gonna pay alot for this little flash...
you kidding?
7 was one of the only bright spots on the eagles today..
come to my house right now I'n my front yard.
We gonna see if y'all can kick my ass, let's go
why thank you :D
Some of u really sound like babies on twitter.
If you wanna whine and complain about your personal problems, put it in ur diary.
Let's hear it for a good education!
RT : Fun fact: In order to b Dallas Cowboys cheerleader have to graduate HS or have a GED
Happiness keeps u sweet.
Sorrow keeos u human.
Life keeps u humble.
Success keeps u glowing.
But only god keeps u going:
ALICE STEWART if you think MITT ROMNEY is good at fixing the ECONOMY then it is TIME for you to read ROBERT REICH article in the DAILEY KOS
just watched Abraham Lincoln vs.
Zombies good movie funny shit...
What are odds on a Messi hattrick at the Bridge tonight?
about to learn D7 import goodness with at
I really regret not going to my graduation and walking, apparently commencement speeches are the bees knees.
they don't play on paper; they played in the NLCS.
RT : I always knew I wanted to be an artist and life will always have obstacles but we ourselves are our biggest obstacle.
ZS
Hey there
I'm not shy, I just don't trust you
Survival Tip 14: Sometimes the hardest type of surviving is surviving the 9 to 5
2wordsasianpeoplefear Short Penis!
I see your a follower of The Secret Has it helped you in life ?
Is the out channel on io digital cable?
And is there gonba be a website to watch episodes online?
I follow you BECAUSE of your political tweets !!!
lol
I have his catch phase ready to go: The Giant on the Diamond
do you want picked up now?
lmao , I can't
Like a.
Meatball nice
If people are supposed to learn from their mistakes why do so many people have multiple childoctorn?
: Marathon complete.
Not great but 4:29 not awful nice 4:29 would be my 5 mile time
Heading over to Spider House.
We play at ten and all of the cool kids are going to be there.
thanks for following!
All my mentions are coming late unless i refresh w.e
should go to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina
hey!
i cant answer ur message if u r not following me haha ;
Oh yeah.
Woops.
Connected w/ them last summer.
Did a few short album reviews a few months back.
Vegas next weekend!?
It's coming so fast!...and I'll have go be all alone in the new big house..
I'm sure you've got a heavy TBR but if you can squeeze in Gillespie  I, you will not regret.
zomg.
so good.
2.Im Single
Don't confide in anybody.
Indeed.
Expensive, completely inferior phones are awesome.
Not just you, The Broncos are irrelevant without Timothy...
I'm hungry.
What's the most important thing on your bucket list?
Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur.
Happy kitty, sleepy kitty, Purr, Purr, Purr!!
The best healer is good cheer.
I need food, water, and sex.
Got two of the three, now who's going to help with the last one.
I think the point is not to take so literal but to say TV recommendations will be influenced by friends/social circles
I can really relate to this, you're my guy Pat, just remember you're the shit and everyone knows it
I see where you guys are coming from but..they're trying to save your life.
It takes one time for that car to be yours
thanks.
We'll check it out.
I'm done.
what're u watching?
wishing all my fellow queenslanders an end to the flooding.
stay safe
um rocsi i think my hurt ankel hurt and wow out wednesday love it awesome out there
Hi Bobbi how u been?
ur pick up lines R hilarious, haven't tried 1 out yet but will let u know.When will u b back 2 San Diego
Principal of a local elem.
school 2 parents last night said they will not tolerate fat kids at the school.
Am I the only 1 offended by this?
62 for our Sky  Sea Facial!
Well, that's still good!
I'll be readathoning too.
:
I wish my parents had gotten me involved in 4H with my horses.
Liverpool job is what folks remember :/
thatmoment when you're so sick that you have goosebumps the whole shower, even though the water is scalding hot
What should I eat for lunch hm
Back in the studio bottle on deck ready to make magic how yall progressing on them tracks
right now its tiring because im reordering half of them, sucks
This ol team hoppin ass nigguh
what a beautiful day here in Ocean City.
NJ.
Have a great day everbody.
I just finished watching TheLuckyOne so romantic!
I cried
So tired and bored.
I wish I could have stood home again.
RT : Please help me out with some snow reports!
1 How much snow 2 Where your live
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
Mark Twain RT
You're welcome.
Enjoy the artichoke!
I want to see on TheVoice!
He would be amazing!
Glad the heat lamps helped!
It's just a glitch with the update.
so was against it before he was for it?
He's hanging out with John Kerry too much...
sleeping is not happening tonight...baby come rock me to sleep.
yooooo B!
Follow me back
I've already got Janáček's Sinfonietta playing.
Think I've mentioned to you before that it's a favorite.
Was in DC last week w/my partner, met 2 really nice boys near Dupont Circle; too bad we couldn't hook up though.
Has baby limes on my lime tree  how cool is that?!
And yes, growing them inside in Ohio.
:
A metaphor for the Senate today?
Billionaire Democratic U.S.
Senate candidate Jeff Greene fined 1.8MM when145 ft yacht damages coral reef
I'm gonna come check y'all out tonight.
Cya soon!
Good morning peeps
Rough start to the morning.
Need encouragement to go to the gym tonight.
Any takers?
when madison tweets with a '3'.
I fangirl too much.
RT : Way too early to celebrate, but damn its good to see!
88 leading
Who seen Wrath of the Titans?
Gonna party like its 1773!
thanks for the hookup!
needs creative technical ideas like this.
How did DMPED like your energy proposal?
what up bro
Yes let me know when you're here!!
:
Opening night of Flag Football!
Who's going to pull out the wins tonight?!?
stop ignoring my request for bloody marys after cardio  core.
it's a legitimate question....
:
Coffee!!!
: Grammar.
The difference between knowing your shit and knowing you're shit.
I am so mad.
Omfg.
Best practice: seek opinions and involve people for healthy respect that goes both ways, says at
Nothing to do on a friday night.
My advice to you?
Just do what you want, when you want and how you want.
Then I promise you, you'd be happier!
Yes another late one!
Napping after school so I can be ready!
Go Bucks!
Go Bearcats!
and I in automotive section of walmart  disaster.
but if there ISN'T room for me in it why is the other guy wrong?
I'm ready for summer
ahah it actually sucks right now, I messed up the glitter but thanks anyway!
Did u use a whole piece of posterboard?
Only thing that can slow down the recruiting efforts and momentum of SHOCKER NATION is mother nature
Did NBC Sports really just miss the opening face off?
Terrible...
Plotkin: passion for creating public domain learning materials
wow, I'm awake.
I hear the pain train leaving the station!
I'm not, but the lineup looks great!
I'd love to go.
I'll let you know if my plans change.
Join us at for lunch if you can!
k ill dm him for u
You need a job come work for me ;
thanks for the follow.
if you are ever in nyc, hit me up
Oh man just reminded me that Tevin Campbell existed.
Island innovators help Hawaii travel go green  San Francisco Chronicle
I got a whole lot of new movies and music get at me for the info....
Yep, I called this a YEAR AGO: President Obama rallying the base via support of samesex marriage during his campaign.
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
21
Dig the new avatar.
Your work?
Getting yelled at while working is always a good night at work
What up big Cuhz?
Keep doctoraming, kiddo.
Never even heard of this guy until just now.
Important to get a power of attorney filled out by partners.
Booh, can't get it to load
it's got nudity so that's a good start.
Thank you everyone who came out to the most amazing Crafty Rock Show yesterday!!
We heart you all!!!
u was on da west side but u had to go a Lil further to c da geekas an mayb a nigga get popped Maple semple Arlington cabanne
thanks for the feature!
watching D Will doctorp 50 ...
bringing back memories of high school.
The best thing about a picture is that it never changes even if the people in it do.
Andy Warhol
MY FEET ARE COLD.
Probably ought to reassess at the moment you think it's a good idea to put any bacon in your butt.
This bitch pissed me off then seen a spider n want me 2 kill it
All bark and no bite
Real estate and hotel revenues were up by 12 to P3.36 billion against last year's ...
But its air transportation subsidiary Cebu Ai...
One thing I will NEVER EVER SAY is Can It Get Any Worse?
That's when the worse happens.
I love you.
Must be happening in waves LOL
Full of BBQ.
Fighting off the Itis.
Me  w/ DJ Buck Wilders 2NITE  Poplar Lounge
You can eat glutenfree, organic food without telling everyone at the table.
Not really a problem, I'm just complaining ; It was on the Rufus Wainwright  More mix by Radioza
Love how your piece applies so well to parents working w/ schools  teachers on Special Education issues
A mother's love is so miraculous  unconditional, it reaches beyond time  space.
The best feeling comes when you realize youre perfectly happy without the people you thought you needed the most.
S/o to for putting me on that Cinemagram tip.
Rowdy app
you know the heaux business is fashow business!
Lmaoo
Hey interested in Seal Mom story.
Maybe for Memorial Day.
well I'm on my phone so I can't see it, what is it?
:
my streak of ZERO support tickets for three weeks ends today.
thanks john wayne.
was good bro..
let us film you some music videos
Q: What is libel?
A: When you are held libel for something you knowingly disobeyed and lied.
Self: You need not raise expectations every time things seeming to be going well.
Contentedness has its time and place.
Namely now and here.
In Reno, NV get exclusive mobile coupons from Mirage Day Spa by texting MIRAGEDAYSPA to 90210, the 1 short code in use today!
Working with teachers this morning to plan some 1:1 learning experiences for ms math students.
Great way to start the week!
neet!
will check it out.
The Melody Goes On: The Evolution of the Melody Maker  Gibson
Looking forward to celebrating the 20th anniversary of the Theta Upsilon chapter  Alpha Phi Omega tomorrow.
Service project  formal.
Rock!
did bria just say last night all your girls are ugly?
Half the girls i smashed wouldn't take a glimpse at you.
FF Time!
Check out these builders:
You had to kill him.
The boy cries you a sweater of tears...
And you kill him.
that's a conundoctorm!
What are your priorities?
Too stiff of a penalty for OSU.
Fuck NCAA
Haha!!
Lol thank you!!
: RT : I love seeing my girl n commons video!!!!
Like a proud sister!
Lol!!!
Passed my permit testt
Well, at least you can be seen to have tried to addoctorss the issue.
More than many do ...
Blessed to see another day, thanking GOD for it!
thatcamp lac nearly finished for the day.
The bus to leaves at 5:45 from the parking lot.
Beer tasting  dinner!
I never take my eyes off Twiiter,
Ginnifer Goodwin on the show once upon a time is a much better snow white.
Sometimes cramps feel like a horse trampling over your belly.
This is one of those days.
I agree.
is a strange and wonderful person.
:
Wishes candy corn had nutritional value
This season, the Knighthawks are 40 at home when Joe Walters is in the lineup.
I'm not sayin'...I'm just sayin'.
I'd bet your doctor still does  : who faxes?
I use online fax machines.
Choose 10 right wing gay bashers.
Then bet win, place and show on the first to be outted.
Great sport.
He's on a roll, right?
Some teens take pictures at bathroom mirror fashioning a duckface And then there is Liam who takes picture at the bathroom with..
toothbrush
so jealous.
Though, once I put a fake chicken nose on Sterling Cooper's face.
An organization's purpose and goals set the direction.
Measures focus the energy on the outcomes.
Processes create habits, and habits...
hell yes
Why when yo Ex see you with somebody they say I Hope she treating you Right!
..long as its better than you, it dont matter!
: MentionTo someone who needs to stop worshipping like he's some kind of God.
It was just at the festival, but next time I see you maybe I can have him burn a copy :
Suggestions in the box at work are being voted on Mon.
I'm confident mine: Medicinal Marijuana Dispensery on site will be puff, puff Passed!
I hope it's the good kind of stuck!
Porter Square: BRAND NEW NEVER BEEN SEEN!!!
Amaretto Sour frozen yogurt..
I know right?!
How do we come up with these delicious concoctions.
U have a sick mind and need to seek mental help...
lol
me too bring me somethin to eat
I can't wait until I'm off the meds so caffeine gives me energy rather than just keeping me barely functional, lol.
GMorning Lady Mercer!
17lbs down and counting!
I now need a tailor!
GLORY!
SheDidntCallBecause she's a stuck up bitch who complains about being single but is still stuck in a 'guysshouldcallME' mentality.
ya...
it's inspiring considering I'm thinking of going from career 2.5 to career 3 :D
Would a parent's attitude play a significant role?
Well Britney's name outshines Demi's entire career so let's not go there.
Things do not change; we change.
Henry David Thoreau
IF I JUST UNFOLLOWED YOU WAIT ATLEAST 20 MINS PLEASE IM FOLLOWIN EVERYONE BACK NOW!
I initially misread this recent doctordge headline as BRONY TRAGEDY: BRONX TRAGEDY: 7 die when van plunges into zoo...
The Patio is meant for chillin' and grillin'  Which is why it's one of my favorite places around the house.
The Milwaukee Wave have won the 2012 MISL Championship.
TGIF and to great followers!
Hey Twitter, got an idea for a party and need a place to host it?
We can do it, rent free!
Bring your DJ and your friends, lets party!
doctor N.
M.
Kondap said CIIHEs mission is to create an environment to achieve excellence in research, for betterment of the society.
Why do I feel like I have so much to do tomorrow when all I'm doing is taking my car to the shop and working?
RT Ram Dass said, We're all just walking each other home.
I love this.
Try one of our Grilled Specials: Ceaser Salad with Chicken, Rosemary Pork Chops, Steak Fajitas and Lemon Herb chicken sandwiches.
Hope JMS581 studying is going well for everyone!
Yep, I'm doing the whole weekend.
Off to Private Practice set today.
4:45am alarm is rough but happy to have work :
Hate it when I get woken up out if my sleep!!!!!!!!!!!
Sad news for timbers fans as Eddie Johnson announces retirement from soccer.
Wishing him  family all the best.
oh my gosh your icon its Adorable:
New york, where ya at?
50 is still sitting around greenpoint....
Good morning everyone have a great day.
haha I need to watch to see what she's wearing!
Or not wearing!
Lol
It was a gift from his Nana.
Nothing new, we're going broke.
It's doctorb up in here!
A beautiful day for shopping if you are not working on Columbus Day!
New Clearance from Nordstrom hitting the floor all day.
Home after a productive day..
still a bit more moving to do but got alot done, goodnight
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!.
Not for News in Boston.
The SEO leader asked a man at job interview How Old Are You?
41 
Confiscated some shrooms today I just don't wanna take them alone
lol u tried to say aut 
New Jersey Net Losses
I have eaten far too many peanut MMs today.
But they just kept following me around the house.
Couldn't just leave them there.
no disagreement
why does trending articles on my fb always suck.
i don't care about the celeb prom pics!
wish it was more like news.me
I agree it's fun with the audience.
I can see how it was a business decision.
Had it done better in US this wouldn't be a Q
My religion, what I believe in, is called the Constitution of the United States of America.
Myers
Posted on da block getting it!!!!
Taking my one man riot to this weekend.
Are they ready!
If you're reading this I just wanted to tell you I love you and I'm glad God made an angel as beautiful as you.
I MISS YOU
if there is a zombie apocalypse, who's down to team up and go head hunting?!
Man my phone off so I can onli recieve calls :
you are so right.
and for some reason reading Fudgy made me giggle
zobrist using a red bat
Why is my mom on Facebook and tagging me in shit?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING MOM?
yo fam them headphone do the best work mann!
Game 7 in Los Angeles Lakers vs
So annoyed.
tweetyourseat We need some starters  closers STAT!
I saved someone's life too.
I was at a sleepover with a bunch of my friends and like 3 of them were calling this guy gay
We are at Patterson Park ready to dedicate 9 new homes!
I'm not home all weekend : waeh!
ya mama can't say it like me?
my goto coffee place just doubled their prices and made a lg a medium!!
Now where will I find a 1.50 coffee?!
Can't believe I'm still going to work after lastnite but Owell work till 5
winner for reporting  : So far the winner for the killer app at SXSW is ...
an umbrella
Hey Laura!
Thanks for the following.
Beeze in the trap
I'd frreaaakkkk out  make my grandpa buy me front tickets or back stage passes :
That's a good at bat.
now the whole world is going to hate on me.
hahahaha!
I'm pretty sure Lebron James just opened up the 2nd half with trademarked move...
I want to go swimming.
RT : Don't try to save me, is someone else callin' you baby.
Luke Bryan
I can already tell just how bad this week is going to be.
All plans are off at the moment.
Boo hoo for work.
;.
The fact that the recommended people to follow for me are two British artists is just awesome.
Iced tea?
: oh no, I couldn't do that.
It has to be something they might like
i needa smoke life blows right now :/
just released their new camera D4 ...
yeah too bad its still a Nikon
IS there a chance I can meet you before your performance at Spin on Saturday??
PLEEEEEEASSEEEE
you better
Alright Bellingham, I'm here.
Got late evening plans but the day is open.
Haunting pawnshops like a ghost, call a guy!
today told us that the new flagship will not be coming to the US.
and today chris is a very sad person.
It's the beard, Ron.
No one can stand that damn beard.
Per , Packers have brought in local GEEBZ players doctorw Nowak and doctorw Vanderlin for work outs!
Awesome to see!
Closing remark in talk by :I thank you for a significant portion of your attention.
So many people R on laptops  phones sxsw
steel design exam tomorrow son....
no can do but lemme kno when u going next tom is ma only class this week
who is this young gun and where is he playing?
ah embarrassing Chris Pine about Kristy Swanson crush on TV, freaking hilarious.
commin to tonight?
Getting prepped for Leaving Las Vegas....The Final Round.
Gonna miss this gin joint in the desert.
I truly will.
Palm Trees....Love Em!!
Weird thing to compliment, but the breadcrumbs on our new intranet are perfect.
Thank you, whomever in EPA got them right!
Interesting topic today, and I just learned you'll be a guest at Willow Creek next month.
Looking forward to it.
i just ship Larry so hard like jesus.
Looking forward to reporting on the scene and ransacking upstate NY thrift stores this weekend with  maybe
oh this will be a PHP app :
fave lifechanging TEDs?
Im especially interested in cogsci, psych, information behavior, life goals, social learning, comm art.
embrace antioxidants
Oh, hey Thursday?
Where'd you creep in from?
Time zips by when you're having fun!
u have a gmail
Just as I was doctorfting off to sleep I started to outline one of my ALA presentations in my head.
Turned on the light and wrote it down.
CRUZ!!!!
Time to dance!
I'm talking about the thecloud with the family!
Oh how far we've come.
fixing Harry's hair lmaooo nothing just came back from the Mall/Movies 
nice review in the !
Sounds like we need to stop in for breakfast one of these days...
I Have Returned !
crunchmaster multseed crackers roasted garlic  just became my favorite gluten free cracker!
OMG  GOOD!
Hopefully the Jeat can't keep this up
Feels strange!
Have to go back to recording studio on Tuesday.
More to come...
met you at the spicy pickle in Portland!
Hope you come back son 
when a whore calls another girl a whore...
Three words Peter Greenberg hates, State department advisory
Thank God For AAU
Mood for a shower
Oh the things I think of when I'm on fb.
: HAHAHAAAA i am hilarious to myself :
Good morning Philadelphia!
How may we help you?
i hate when my hair has static
70 of YouTube views are from outside the US
ehh it's alright.
I'm gonna stalk them all day.
Lol
Time to get doctorssed to hit the gym.
I felt breathtaking beauty the minute the curtain went up.
you have me
Chile quake 7.2 vmuch something that reminds us of huge potential  how little we are in controlbut preparation helps immenselyso is hope
Oh, yeah, that's right, I'm doing me.
Love, Ush
I have important things to tell your female friend.
Why is she being so Amish?
I hope she grows a beard.
lol well I'll be sure to act 20 while I still am!
It's national Tell a Lie Day.
What's was the last lie you told someone?
IM SO BORED :/
So true.
RT : I see 36 yo angry moms flip the bird all the time here in LA.
Usually from their SUVs.
No big deal,
no problem ; don be a twitter Stranger
Watching naruto.....sh..t dont laugh.
yea im addicted.
Hall Berry is fine as Hell, but I'm starting to think EVERY man cant be wrong.
Every relationship is like a Lifetime movie.
And Zac Brown Band it is!!
ITS FRIDAY!!!
YAY!
Just realized one of the most exciting times for the Browns is the doctorft.
That's kind of a problem..
I DMed you:
thanks!
not on pinterest...
yet...
checking out now...
So both Von Miller and Peyton Manning have birthdays within days of me.
lol i aint even worried about paulk right now .
mistersnows gonna shit bricks when he sees i aint even got my outline yet .
Gonna take the long way to work tomorrow in the new !
Nevada hasn't forgotten how bad Recession is and we will be important swing state.
doctorssed n ready for this youth federation at Westside
See you out there in a couple weeks!
bradpitt is a boob.
I think it was in very poor taste for him to tell all that his marriage to Jennifer was boring.
I really truly believe that the UWS Trader Joe's is a reject for Dante's 7th layer of Hell, deemed by the poet to be too much.
: I just saw a naked butt.
If I were any place other than Dinkytown, I'd be surprised.
lol
Yeah I think I'm done with doctorw Something.
The three words I was just given were Pepsi, MTV and Zumba.
No thanks!
i have no problem with saying goodbye
Skrillex is killing it!!!!
If you have more than 4,000 facebook friends you need to get your shit together
nce11alan november: you are not in the technology biz, you're in learning biz.
Abolish tech.
Committees
that sounds gross!!!
It is a Black Heavy Bells kinda day NowPlaying Black Keys / The Heavy / Broken Bells on Shuffle
U rather be Rich Or Poor?
I rather be Rich!
Because I can be Rich  Miserable or Poor  Miserable; I choose Rich it's BETTER!
cpi2011 Instructor Community launch right now!
Custom Posters are the Perfect Gift for an independent Artist!
Discounts all weekend long at MusicalStop.com !!!!!
Alltime best review RT New review of 's book by my 7 month old son.
It's good enough to eat!
yfrog.com/h8itypwj
At the gym
Friday Humor: Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, closeknit family in another city.
George Burns
we plan on it!
Full list of Saveur39;s 2012 Best Food Blog Award winners
Chris Pirie using Khan Academy to help paint a picture of the future of learning and development.
nigga u said u wish u was getn off instead of goin in but u jus missin rain
Happy Friday!
haven't been on here in a Wile!
hmm!
Occupied Wall Street heading for its best month in 20 years  what to make of that?
thank you for being our 100th follower!
I'm gonna let you down easy I've got a delicate touch, peaches and cream you make a garbage man scream...
Now following
Bryan, hey!
Could you DM me?
I have a question about one of your interviews :3
and I spent hours looking for books by great lady authors, and of course yours came up!
How are you guys!!!!?
Miss South Africa so much.
Give Clara a big hug for me.
Lmao i really dislike my name:/
Knitting class was amazing.
Now off to Stitch Lab for embroidering!
baha omg i almost broke my neck once.
GOOD LUCK
Yikes, market looks terrible today!
We are actively working to expand our car2go operating area to SDSU soon!
Thanks for the question
Nah, he took off the other way lol
Hopefully the bottom brace doesn't hurt!
I'm getting both my braces off today.
I hope my smile will be as good as yours!
whats the problem?
me neither reaching for headphones to listen now
Today is Cascade Sports Car Club's Doernbecher Dash come on out and see some great racing and even get in on the benefit silent auction.
you can get through anything with the right amount of heart and sarcasm.
Looking forward to SLA.
Nice to attend major professorssional conference in town  no board/travel expenses.
You said it, the weather is absolutely gorgeous.
I'll admit, I had fell in love with  Around the same time she had fell in love with him
RT : OMG I didn't know Ghostbusters really happened!
Black Ops, sorry, hah, I can hang out once double xp is over.
lol
I only write music for myself, I don't try and appeal to anyone else.
Bryan Adams
You guys.
I hate fucking school
CelebApprentice me too.
Dicko you are amazing.
Remember age is a state of mind!
Also, now cannot print.
OUCH think the person who waxed my eyebrows is NEW!
Just seen in Glamour magazine...eyeshadow creasing is ruining my life.
Please help!
wow.just.wow.
o sun bathing today!
My heart is full of broken doctorams and cold from empty promises.
I'd fuck Bieber all day ; lol
Enjoyed GoschEhlers frat house!
But you know what?
It's still the best job in the world.
good night my friends!
i have to work in the am tomorrow z
that's the solemn ritual of replacing my Saint Paul library card with a Minneapolis one.
Moving day today.
why did you order the half portion?
Suck it up!
What time slot is the most sought after for brands?
No scam, holmes.
Folks are just faster than you.
Tickts were gone at 6.32p RT : What a scam.
Braved rain  traffic.
I feel ya!!
I'm doing pretty good and yourself?
Tons of great ideas and a huge vision, but, limited resources.
Thanks for adding .
Check out www.wherethehottiesat.com to find the hotties of San Diego.
Crowd is so large we need three waves of peoples mic.
signsyougottaupyourgame when your playlist clears the dance floor despite having a list of special requests
well the world ends saturday so you don't have to worry about going back.
Lol :p
worstpickupline ?
What the hell is that?
spoken from experience
Thanx!
RT Very kind beachthursday hugs to great friends.
don't be!
you will be fine!
I want a cupcake.
So much for healthy eating.
Bored as shit headache out the world
Alex is wise beyond her years!
After Nick Offerman, I'm down!
:P
we literally just hit play on the DVR...lol...like 30 seconds into it
lol i wanna see him so bad!
:D
How do people find digital resources?
I hate sitting in the basement waiting for the tornado sirens to go off!
Time to play some Wii
Im Full Af Lol Ready To Go Home So I Can Sleep Sleep Sleep :'s!
we are down.
How would you track whether they really know them or not?
lol
Back in the States.
Our honeymoon to Argentina was AMAZING  penguins and allI'm sad that it's almost over :.
Liking someone who likes me back
Gonzo, Jedi, Malibu, Peter Pan, Rosebud, and Yikes!
have all been codenames for Macs.
thanks so much Dan.
Hope you have a great weekend!
ag
We've corresponded a bit.
He does some great data analysis and visualization!
How did I miss the fact that is on the Twitters!?!?
Situation rectified.
Actions speak louder than words.
You telling me that you love me shows no action at all.
Yeah,, i jut started few days ago too.
:  and i just started twitter...
pull them down
stay tuned...
you never know what we are up to!
whoa whoa, you cant use my catch phrase lol
thank u so very much brings tears to my eyes!
Live my
Why isn't Sunday illegal?
There r times when u just gotta say how it is  get it off u'r spirit!
As good of an athlete as Rondo is D Rose is a much better basketball player and PG.
He will seriously emerge this year
Someone needs to come massage my back 
gc2012 needs math help from right now.
God Morning!!
i hope that you know it , you are growing and for us is very emocional , and will never leave you !
we loveU11
Heading To NAMM In the Morning in Anaheim CA So much fun going to be playing Saturday Night at the Marriot Hotel Lobby at 6pm Jan 21
i love you
Wondering if the Nuggets will pull this one off???
hm
TaylorMade RT Might spend my sunday on the golf course
: It's amazing how many patients start convo with  Sorry to have to ask ...
Cmon !!!
ASK  plz :
Totaling it up, my iPod cost 200, plus at least 400 in songs I mostly don't have other copies of.
So it needed to be defended.
I hate when we say i wish he would tell the truth SMH knowing we really can't handle it sometimes.
curiosity killed the cat
Mind you not seen that many things that can light up their backsides  so limited for reference points!
Oh, I LOVE their bath line.
Enjoy!
Oh wow.
Well deserved.
oh man they do that at pens games too!
What losers .
when I go to a game I stay till they basically kick me out lol
TA TA YA Ms.
Lucille : you're prety AWESOME yourself!!!
Awake..
And bored
Glad to hear youre a fan!
Which bar can you not get enough of?
Its okay to pick favorites.
: RT: Sunbelt granola bars 
I had a great night last night!
I've enjoyed this upcoming mothers day more than any so far!
Watching wendy williams cant wait to see representing black women very well!!
je t'aime, mi amour.
:P
ESPN News  SS Barry Larkin elected to Baseball Hall of Fame; 12time AllStar with Reds, .295 BA, 3 Gold Gloves Go Reds!
Thanks for the follow.
Bold music and videos...
I like it.
you better do!!!
I have your headphones!
Lol
Allentown tonight
We were thrilled to see a rock star among those listed!
Congrats!
I swear, If you followed me back I would cry, Please?
:
That's great!
One of these days, there will be a fairytale post, and you won't even realize it.
Too old to pull an long road trip.
How about and ?
It smells like grass outside
good place the other guy is always hurt!!
I was thinking of bringing an old pair too.
And thanks about the bandana!
: Great idea.
I'll watch for the email.
Fun, fun
Switched at birth bout to come on
Its officially the last day of me being in my 20's :'...
I may just cry hahaha
Tell my butt that, my but may argue with me, I checked it...
A little dimply but still is ok.
Mental note: Eath Banana and Apple on Thursday
stop distracting me with compelling headlines!
Well it works out cuz I've been looking for somone skilled in your area of reportage.
Couldn't have put it better ourselves ...
RT : craftbeer helps keep us together
Beautiful women in yoga pants.
God bless
Way more fun!
RT : I definitely retired from softball.
Bring in sand volleyball :
I've found that I want to like all sorts of things in the world: tweets, emails, things my kid says.
Stupid reality
BREAKING NEWS: Chris Bosh is out, the Miami Heat are now down from The Big 4, to The Big 3: Lebron, Wade,  The Refs.
New design 
oh yes
RT : I just realized that travel mugs are adult versions of sippy cups!
How did I not see this before?

Try not to have a good time...this is supposed to be educational.
Charles M.
Schulz
Oh, creative!
Awesome YMF committee member and emcee is going to study CompSci at this fall  were so proud!
Just two of the etsy artists featured in our shop.
Also, save a space on your thigh.
When I'm near you or you're near me, we should get them tattooed.
Hmm...
Back To The Future: The Game for PS3 is on sale for 10 at Best Buy if you're in their reward zone program.
What's worse than raining cats and dogs?
Hailing taxi cabs.
Gah my addiction to heels is out of hand
Office rumors.
Hate them!
Back it school is like a 2nd new year.
Time for new habits, new routines and new resolutions.
Fasten your seat belts Fringe fans!
thanks for following!
RT : Is your biz hiring for the holidays?
Please DM or call me at 6192932264 to get mentioned in tomorrow's story!
you egg lookin bitch
I have no idea what I'm doing!
ur welcome u seem really nice so y not follow u!!!!:
Loads of good luck wishes, buddy!
Hoping for the best!!
Continually impressed with quality of reporting done by They are clearly setting the bar high for other Twin Cities journalists.
In core im so bored im tweeting lol miley is back!
Yee made my day ;D
I like cats too.
Let's exchange recipes.
F thoz movies :P and i see a Domo thingy and a piggy bank?
and the departed!
Stressing out thinking about my busy week and the fact I'll need to make a job decision next week.
might as well put you in a box and sell you at Walmart, cause you're a fucking Barbie.
Never say die,
he seems to be a hater to everyone BUT Tom Brady.
the guy on 21st that runs with the jesus sign rocks
kick back at my crib, byob
i will
oh, that sucks
Don't make us come down there
Cooking is like love.
It should be entered into with abandon or not at all.
Harriet Van Horne
Helium balloons and pumpking carving!
Just found a bunch of pearl jam things in my dads stuff.
yesMA, Phd
oh..
Well..
Hi..
Derning is easy!
The thinkpiecetoepisode ratio is running at about 7:1 right now, so I don't blame you.
thanks hun!
:D
Nothing says Happy Easter more than the dog pissing in your bed.
can i have a email addoctorss where i can send u some tracks i wont' give to anybody thanks
This is thee first day in ages that I have done absolutely nothing in a day...i mean NOTHING but sleep
I see.
Cool...
Went from 3 members to 20 members in 15 minutes so I knew something was up :
Whats everybody playing today?
Wedding doctorss shopping with Alyssa Kaitlyn Raleigh!!
lies.
Have you seen
that's power!
Don't foget it's Gold Card Week until Oct.
10!
20 off purchases for our awesome Gold Card members!
Don't forget to follow !
The googly eyes mans he's REALLY being careful!b
A Virginia man selling invisible water on Ebay to help raise money for autism support and research.
Check out TommyBsUpscaleYardSale on Ebay
I want a house with a big yard!
so I can have some horses :
HE'S GOING OFF!
I turned off my movie to watch.
I hate when I change the radio station then a song I really like comes on but its about to end .
Next Sunday is a national holiday :p
second class this week that was cancelled because a teacher was sick.
what the flying fuck suffolk?!
No.
Just wanted to congratulate them
Ha!
Thanks!
And I'm going to take boomsauciest as a compliment.
Maybe next time we can sit and smoke and sneer at people passing by together.
2 More Weeks canceled in the NBA and no new talks on the horizon.
SUCKS!!!
Can't kick ass in fantasy.
we won't be good, but team is set up much better than in prior years.
Average is in our sights!
whosgonnalose  Arizona at Detroit  Detroit will lose
just make sure you aren't doing anything this Sunday ;
You're not normal ; but you tweeted just fine!!
Making my boyfriend food at 3 in the morning!
He better love me!
;D
Teddy Brewski for jumping on Chad Ocho Cinco.
Remember.
The point is act like you've been there before?
Chad hasn't.
I see both sides.
yeahh!
I told him but all he replys is with like 34 words!
:/
I tried to stay positive but you won.
You've broken me and every time I leave my house, I have to face you.
The Rangers have such a good line up.
I already sent you my picture!:
I'm laughing so hard right now.
My mom just asked me if I was going to name my child Lemetria.
omg no mom go away.
Thanks, lady.
Welcome back to summer.
Hope NZ was amazing.
Thinking of urban classrms w 35 students  tchrs struggle w level of concern issues on pt of studentsTOO relaxed
Girls want a lot of things from one guy.
Conversely, guys want one thing from a lot of girls.
via
so let's get an apartment so you can start shopping again
Left Hand Milk Stout RT : Q2 What was your Summer 2011 doctornk of choice
thanks for following.
Have a great weekend
U R Welcome
bring me some?
fantastic!
Yes off to LA in May.
Not long to go now!
well then I must know them too!
You can just stay with me...when can you be here...??
Unsurprisingy, the only overt shit I noticed was every Jewish male stereotype ever.
But one of the writers is a storied racist.
NO to Late
: So...I was thinking......
used to have a manager who would start weekend projects with that quote.
Praise Allah.
I would love to get pair up with you.
You always do such a great job.
Check out me singing 's Lullaby
nice interview
We provide therapy for adults withChild Rearing and Parental Guidance.
Until my sister learns how to talk to me politely and humane, she will no longer be a part of my life.
Just bought latest album sick kids.
Another diamond that will be seen as coal.
Love this shit.
i hate when people try to get rude online.
get real about it  come to my face.
heck yeah girl !!!
Hope the run went well :
How in the world do I have more followers than ?
It's not right.
Please
follow back :
In The Middle We Stay Calm, We Just doctorp Bombs
hey, now, i may ride my bike plenty, but not like that.
5 days until invades Albuquerque.
do you have your tickets?????
www.rocktheink.net
To everyone that is doing their taxes remember to add 5  7 for the inflation tax to your effective tax rate to see what they really took.
We have a large offering of ORGANIC AND NATURAL foods
One of my favorite foods for sustained energy is a baked potato.
Easy to make and is a great choice on any diet.
Finally watching yesterday's United game.
Excited about a stressfree 90 minutes and a Scholesy masterclass.
OK today's SOTW contest is now closed.
Counting all the entries and picking 4 lucky winners shortly.
Back soon!
My phone just decided to visit Bing by itself.
It's not even an internet phone.
Clearly the singularity has arrived, and it's stupid.
i used to be excited to come home....now its just blah
check out my new video please!
lmao do u!
Haha hella funny and the power rangers!
I can't believe all in front of us!
Wth!
Go the the bathroom atleast eww
: Its all about believing.
Its all about FAITH.
Is it weird that everytime I get into a crowded elevator, the first thing I think about is the movie devil?
I got my sephora make up!.
miss you kittens too!
I'll come see u soon!
Imagine what education would look like if we took the money we spend on teacher evaluation systems and used it to combat poverty.
Getting ready for tonight's libchat!
RT : LA's greatest export should be disappointment.
Also looking forward to a few days of visiting my sister and her childoctorn in Maryland!
I know where they're coming from!
And after my schedule calms down, I'm applying again!
:
I'm sick to my stomach rite now
wasting calories on store bought cookies when I totally could have baked better ones at home  lame
There's either a simple explanation, or it's an international crime ring.
Me to editor.
My pick for the Super Bowl?
The team wearing blue, red  white.
;
The innovator sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible.
You
thx follow the follow!
From one foodie to another.
Are the most ala12 evening events going to happen in disney area?
I wonder....
Not closeby bar/pub outside....
baby, what's wrong?
Eclisse showroom has been completely revitalised The Eclisse showroom is the first showroom in Italy entirely dedicated to sliding door s
PRT : will be in Detroit later today through Tuesday.
Gallery event tonight
No!
What about viola?
I did get it.
Want to do it!
RT why are double albums always so long?
I like strangers better than the people I'm friends with on Facebook.:
I have already had dinner with Kissinger, and wife Nancy, on a few occasions.
Fdoctorwould be fascinating to see.
I'm confused as to how you know that...
I think Stevie Wonder predicted that one ;
Arizona AntiImmigration NeoNazi Kills Himself, Four Others In MurderSuicide
Had a great audition in Santa Monica, now rewarding myself w/some beach time!
Doesn't really help much but okay...
Happy Labor Day!
Did you ever have to labor through a book in school or read one that you loved?
Chat about it!
CMLbookchat 9/6/11 7PMEST.
Does anyone have any examples of childoctorn being taught memory techniques?
You mean before they die.
made us dance, us lean in, and is up next.
It's a good night at
Enjoy your bday weekend sweetie!!!!
Happy Birthday Enjoy Your Day 
I don't know, but my guess is no if you are starting out in the last few years.
Happy Fourth of July!
Do you know what city in Wisconsin has the biggest parade today?
Finally, a fitness program where you don't have to choose...'Style and Substance'.
CG Philosophie The Cerebral Approach to Fitness.
I think you'll get mail for this one!!
But I thought it was funny.
yeah that's us ..
the funny thing is made that a long ass time ago but we thought it was fire
Today is OIA Track and Field Championship Finals...
HURRICANENation !
LETSGETIT !
Teenie Harris photos  August Wilson monologues  amazing evening at the museum.
I love Pittsburgh.
its weird how when im tired I just really want water
Hoped to, but have to see how this crazy day shakes down...
Owe you an email too re: OKsoon I promise!
:
omg me either at least I'm not the only one haha..
do you think we can get extensions since we've been sick ?
don't think too hard
my English book has Sure Thing in it and it made me happy
I'm the reason why you always gettin faded.
started packing for ala11 but idk what to take to wear to that dance party?
I havent partied in NO since I was 20 should be fun.
is opening for Ray Wylie Hubbard at Gruene Hall tonight  show starts at 8pm!!
What are you doing this weekend?
Come out to our Memorial Garden near our parking lot at 3:30 on Sunday for the dedication ceremony!
Let us plan your event!
we have it all, we make it happen.....
you just Live to party!
4002388
people are so lame these days
Dear Reds, Please finish this game out soon!
I can't take much more Jeff Brantley!
I disagree.
As many slight changes you can make, the better.
no DH is 1 piece to that.
Life begs the question...
Can I like country and still be cool?!
RT Thoughts become words.
Words become actions.
Actions become habits.
Habits become character.
And character becomes destiny.
True talent gone.
Hey its Scotty!
If you're a MOM call the show!!
18004099393!
I just want to run something by you!
30 Rock.
Live.
Pretty awesome.
Major girl crush, as always, on Tina Fey.
Another database: Veterans Appeals Control and Locator System
I didn't believe it..
I had to flip back to see it for myself!
The PHILLIES actually put Papelbon in the game while losing 21 in the 9th!
Meant Ballarinas.
Twitter needs a spell check.
Or I need to learn how to spell.
Sir Alex or Mancini?
In a fight, you'd have to take Mancini
Bags is ok but i prefer bands
Girl :take off ur condom.
Boy:y????.
Girl:yolo.
Boy:ok but if u get pregnant yoyo.
Girl:wats that.
Boy: you own your own
nope sure dont
Spring assembly was amazing.
If ANYONE knows someone who looks like Brooklyn Decker, please let me know.
I need to meet them to start wooing them.
Thank you.
hooray!
Can't wait for oldtimeisagoodtime this Thursday!
the Golden Grahams  Team No.
19 from Green Bay!
Groovy.
Am looking forward to checking it out.
FF learning experts who help others achieve
My day started with bad news, then moved on to really, really mega bad news, and then I unexpectedly received my new passport.
The whole movie!
And the creepy little old ladies voice
12.4 ACRE ON SCOTTSDALE WATERFRONT FORECLOSED.
PROPOSED WATERVIEW AT SCOTTSDALE RESORT.
45M DEBT, 30M CREDIT BID.
Kearney, Nebraska ?!
I still remember the first buckle was started there thebuckletraining lol ohh lordy
THEY'RE SO FRICKING ADORABLE OMG
Tears are the silent language
: Excited to meet on sasf11 but until then, loving her blog!
// I agree!
Sorry.but get use to it.
zzhe gets really angry when he loses people especially after our mom died:/
awww I miss u guys too!
yessir sounds good to me.
I'm always down :
I tripped : come to the media center!
I swear I could make you happier than anyone else ever could, if you'd only give me the chance.
Lets go to Vegas
you should be able to get a ceasar salad at
why did the investment companys not capitalize on Brett farve.
understand and know when to get out of an investment 
lolol landlocked for the win!!!
;D

You movie quote, have 2 hot girls, mini Damon Waynes and never disappoint.
If you could make me dinner I would marry U!
I now have 1,637 items on my Amazon Wish List, most of them books.
I will never be able to read them all.
Yet I keep adding.
Why?
Newcomers session is starting at nafsaAD.
Come learn what it's like to meet with congressional staff on the Hill.
New facebook layout for iphone
idk bro I gotta look
: Not good enough.
The essence of all beautiful art, all great art, is gratitude.
Baking and pastry vs hot food  jaygatto
Beach bouund with !
I love you 3
Up since 5a for a flight.
Time for Starbucks.
Long Live Nancy Reagan.
Rick Perry?
LOL!!
Ricky Perry??
What a loser!!!
I'll bet he's never even organized a community.
Haha, plus I bet he's not even a Socialist!!
no, it doesnt matter, just be you..
We love you no matter, we know who you are.
:
!
Principle trumps practice.
RT : Yes!
RT Best practices are to be learned fromnot mimiced.
Happy Friday!
May it be free of Rebecca Black songs!
:
Great Sunday all the best teams got W's yes!!
I want the nipple tho.
Totally got a flat the first time I biked out of my neighborhood.
Interested in being a guest on prettyprogressive?
Let us know and contact us at
Early morning, headed to 711
Thank you for that.
that shit don't fly .
Queen City Awards Cypher Pt1: via BARS FOR DAYS!!
Peep it..ME  on this one
twitter is being a bitch right now.
the web cam :
please.
in your admissions essay avoid quoting robert frost and using the marathon you ran as an example of your perseverance.
do it for us.
Conviction Kitchen on Planet Green is great.
It's a lot like any elementary school in the the oxnard school district kitchen
okay :D text me when youre off.
thank you, Don!!
hello there
Oklahoma's Personhood bill fails!
ALEC cries tonight.
99 celebrates.
sobs.
In other cleveland billboard news, I've also been really sold on Yuengling  crisis pregnancy centers.
Jk, Yuengling is boring.
I hate SUPER Christians.
Shutup and stop judging.
Jesus didn't even BELIEVE in religion f.y.i.
Shapiro Look forward to following your tweets  thanks for the public service you do
Haha, I should clarify.
I really love these latenight Brewers games when I don't have to be awake until 9:30 the next morning.
JC, congrats on the big first night, as usual!
Been focused all week.
Time to visualize.
36 hours until game time.
Thanks, hope sis is ok ?
I just noticed the guy wearing the mask is also wearing a bracelet.
I'm not sure which disturbs me more.
Hello Harry, how are you today?
:
Wanna thank the kat who came up w/ the repeat section button in
Canadian Government Urges Removal of Triclosan from Personal Care Products
Big thanks to for coming to see us at the
who wants to give me a ride home
Definitely going to fall asleep during yoga tonight.
namaste 
My whole life i been told i look like u by random ppl.
Many times ive been mistaken for u.
Idk u think we could be related?
Never trippin over the hoes niggah what you thought, we gettin money over here......
niall kiss it
Happy Pi Day
what up homies!!!
Ran for me today 3 that's sweet.
Interesting point.
But in parts of world where good teachers won't go doesn't this fill a gap?
its now that amount, its how you use it!
Miss school, work....
Teacher workshop kaiserpermanente nutritionist tip for eating out: skip the fries.
Sad but true.
hahaha my bad :P I always have headaches :/
Great question, you can only find our reps in orange RepeatReceipt shirts between 4 and 7pm.
Good luck hunting!
RT : Foods heavy in omega3 fatty acids like salmon  herring play a key role in helping to keep your normalskin smooth!
heat vs knicks n thunder vs mavericks
What have you been listening to lately?
Somewhere over the rainbow...
I'm stalking you
I'm on the shitter at coney dog on sunset!
I was doctorving like a madman to make sure the homie got to his gig on time cuz I was late gtn him!
Resentment is an excellent motivator
RT : Haters are like crickets, you can't see them but you can hear them, and when you walk by them they are quiet
A fool flatters himself, a wise man flatters the fool.
White people stink is some racist bullshit!!!
Fuck you and your mother for starting this shit!!!
Racist asshole!!!!
Titties
Whats goin on?
RT : mtv is at my house
I've got 2 Webb's down, 35 to go  now to get more followers!
why is dat nightmares givin u a hard time jk
Earthquake downtown  frightening!
Hope everyone is alright!
Tomorrow is the big day!
We are open until 5:30 tonight!
My boss called me at 11:45 at night.
Tito y su Son de Cuba Thursday, Nov 18 8:30p at Coda.
Jazz Supper Club, San Francisco, CA

WON'T EVEN FLEX HASLEM LOOK LIKE HE DONE KILLED A COUPLE PEOPLE BEFOREhaha
i deff saw you there!
lookin bored as hell haha
Heading to for the first time to see Coriolanus.
can't fight against the youth !
Which one of us is next?
Thanks for retweeting, Shane.
Hope all's well with you.
RT FF These cats I met last night.
That's my movie :
MirkoPastaToco authentic italian restaurant, pasta is our passion fresh pasta is our obsession,LUNCH DINNER CATERING  TAKE OUT 6787042700
THERE'S A BAD AWEFUL STINK COMIN OFF THERE NOW!
RT : It must be something in the marrow.
Well I saw that my wonderful friend mentioned you on Twitter and I looked at your professorle and was inclined to follow ;
Bogost: Books as real objects in the world, not just boxes for ideas.
But authors mostly don't make books, they make words.
I'm having a baby boy.
Should I name him Jackson or Braden?
:
easier 2 look like ghetto trash?
Then don't wonder why nobody takes the lil white girl that thinks she's a rapper seriously
Tryin to get rent money together aint easy plus I wanna get a summer trip in too!!
Need more bread and quick!!
Lol
I would rather be hated for who i am, then be loved for who I am not.
I'm off I'm in too much pain to continue hope I'll y'all later, thts if I dont die of the hurt I'm feelinq!
Getting my vote on
Just wakin' up about to get brunch going...
well really breakfast...
or is it brunch..
Watever...
Pancakes, Scrambled eggs, w/ Turkey Bacon
Just passed the new Donovan signage  congrats!
Any new plans for the pool deck?
Hail Up Miami!
The Wines That Rock team, including our winemaker are at the South Beach Food  Wine Show today.
Stop by and say hello!
you sure know how to butter someone up :3
Caccamo I'm DMing a good recipe I concocted
Seriously?!
What can a girl do to get you to notice her?!
I am dying.
Huh?!
Just doctorpped 25 on girl scout cookies, which I've never ever bought before.
Take that, girl on YouTube!
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!18
How backwards?
I mean, it's powered vs.
unpowered, but Xmen is the same way.
That's an interesting connection, though.
I feel pretty good about it...tho not perfect
The impatient person with the nasty temperament thinks too much of themselves.
Their time, and their ideas, reign supreme.
YOU don't count
I recently moved to San Fran and need to brush up on my Spanish.
If you're doctoram is different than everyone else's, it doesn't matter.
Just go for it.
collecting email makes the difference.
Email can make up for almost all weaknesses on a site.
late on the intro...I just released a single  am working on a CD release 4 later this year.
Singer/songwriter, performing musician.
Good morning ACC tweeps!
If you bought a ticket to Hairspray, be sure to go out and support!
Tix will not be sold at the door.
RT araciiiiiiiii!!!!!
My fav singer of all time...Thx Riley...greatly apprciated!!!
Fav producer of all time too!
Lost on the freeway again.
Now you're making me blush!
Not correct, they are getting them, only those with Qdoctor or tax issues are delayed due to review since it is a benefit.
Hello tweetsters!
Heads up!
Show this Thursday with !
So stoked to get to play such talent!
Be there and hang.
I found that weird doctorams can turn into some really interesting films
Within you I lose myself.
Without you I find myself wanting to become lost again.
LOS CHIDOS  1st flick all Fest I've considered walking out of.
Like a Lynchian student project by a mentally handicapped, deaf chimpanzee
Now that the Sun hath veil'd his Light, And bid the World good Night; To the soft Bed, my Body I dispose, But where shall my Soul repose?
It's the nicegirl tour no more: She went on vacation with Urszula and Agnieszka Radwanska.
She got hugs and relationship advice out ...
turns out has a twitter noone knows about.
currently following: Stefanie Perez, Katherine Andoctorst, Kyle Hollingsworth hahhah
Want heathy sexy hair?
Get a Keratin Glazing today!
ill second that
Whole kelly families in church minus and Pieces of junk.
RT If I was a cookie I'd be a ying and Yang cookie.
Dark chocolate out white swirled in.
Both yummy and for
go to ur direct messages
who is designing/executing your makeup for the tour!?
Favorite looks so far?
:
Did you come up with this all by yourself?
RT : May the 4th be with you!
I think he's confusing the two.
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back teamfollowback  You Get A Promo To her 83k Just REPLY  DONE When Finished x9
no more Storm?
:p
It's the friends you can call up at 4 a.m.
that matter.
We liked it.
We had not been in 8 years.
Glad we tried it again.
I'm extremely jealous of dogs because they can put their faces in anybody's crotch and dig it
Boys, if I ever tell you that you stole my heart  you reply with Wanna seek revenge  steal my last name?, I'm yours!
x
Fuck that nigga that you love so bad.
I know you still think about the times we had.
I say fuck that nigga that you think you found
Thanks for the note!
We're keeping a close eye on the page  that poll has almost 90k votes, so it's going to be tight...
can't wait to dye my hair..
AGAIN
iLove my queen I found my rider
biased much?
LOL!!!!
summit Caribbean  argentina con Ron dominicano pronto y
Ugh My hand is falling asleep!
The racewalk and the 3000 are combined events in this invitational....
Just a sign that the person who does the actual tweeting has been taking a few muchneeded days off!
toaster?!
giggle
YOUR COMING TO PHOENIX?!?!?!?!
I LIVE IN PHOENIX!
I know but I am 
FF My favorite person in the whole world..
She makes me laugh all fucking day!
Seriously.
Follow her.
:
I'm your freakin hero.
I sometimes wonder what people think when they first meet me, I wish I could read their mind just for that short while.
I'm watching sci fi with
Yes doctorams do come true :
Nah just effin' with you all.
Coukd never give those things up.
Ever.
bimini shakedown tomorrow!
What's the plan brother?
I miss Tuesday.
Life was so much simpler.
Happy Birthday, ;
love game.
Lady gaga.
My lucky number is Umpteen.
I'm truly enjoying the newsletter.
Subscribed after the article  now I'm hooked.
Thank you.
Next week I'm making a concerted effort to build my own pea.rs patterns library.
Here's to faster
Tonite Cinco de Mayo Fest in Sacramento!
We play at 6pm.
St.
Rose of Lima Plaza.
Corner K  7th st.
Downtown Sacramento.
The early bird gets the worm
I added over 200 words to my script, but timed out and lost it.
I am pissed.
It's not my computer, so...
I LOVE YOU ; fine ILL TEXT YOU!!
stl cards never say die
sounds delightful.
U sharing?
What are you looking for in a health club?
So then you're in danger of actually becoming Gary Danielson?
RT : yes tea bags and cucumber removes puffiness
Count on challenges to be your correction in direction.
The only way a rocket will launch is when gravity forces it to take off.
Photo shoot time!!!
I love having someone do my hair and makeup.
It's a shame I'm never able to go out afterwards.
:P
Just followed you back.
Really exciting to have followers all the way from S.
Africa.
The power of Twitter....
Fact 5: I always thought some football players at my middle school were stuck up.
Thanks, Ed Lopez Bankruptcy, for the mention on Sunday, April 15!
Healthy discussion about OSM and it's all good, fans abound but not 100 satisfied and aware.
Follow me for discounts on auto repair and oil changes in oklahoma city.I come to your for a change!
Jestina is sleeping over tonight!
she is here right now!
would love to point you in the right direction for one of our tasty cocktails !
RT : Parenting tips of the day: Don't strap them to the hood of the car or take them to the tanning booth.
Just nominated A Lady's Lesson in Scandal for the DA BWAHA
How ru
we're in Houston, Texas :
Nice.e
maybe you and can come back on ABDC and after you do a surprise performance you guys can rap hahaha
Hammock time.
Have u had a long weekend, need some energy, come see us for a lunch that will put it all back in place.
ya it sucks.
Only thing I'm really gonna miss is all the music I had.
Just went on a 3 mile bike ride.
Media doesn't pay attention to edu policy because education as a whole is not valued in USA.
show off
gosh I miss you!
Because of clementines, I could never be a locavore.
It's an injustice to deny our citizens their constitutional rights.
Today's Prop8 ruling puts CA one step closer to equality.
February is Fabulous Florida Strawberry Month!
What is your favorite way to eat strawberries?
Great friends over for dinner tonight.
Watching soccer w/ the team in pizza place in St.
Pete.
Tseska just scored on Spartak.
Love Russia.
love watching soccer.
We comply with all federal and state laws and hiring practices.
no problem :
I'm ready for today to just be over .
High HELIUM
Rush Limbaugh just said there is a Kwanza special on Colt 45 at the 711.
Seems like a waste of tees, right??
Looks like no little league practice tonight.
Good thunderstorm instead!
Happy Birthday  And Happy Easter!
Phoenix,AZ Bro!
Start up a game!
QT : I wish would play more...
Barcelona killed it.....
my horoscope says differently lol
I should not be up this early
What's up?
haha love ya bud but you are not taking this away from me.
And no disrespecting the Cavs, Irving is a monster just not enough
Pizza, crown royal and coke.
Mixed with cigarettes, funny black people, and great company.
Goodness.
Flashmob folks might like this
Expert analysis.
RT  RHancock19: Lorenzen sucked ass in the NFL.
Really enjoying Mary at Cafe Milan.
Franco is such a dear friend!
have your heard from ?
Does he know I'm 12 and he would be on our team?
Does he know is too?
lol they look like some milk duds lmao
real question is why the Washington NFL team gets away with its explicitly racist name
'That kitchen not clean by the time I get home, Imma beat you outta your sleep'
I'll ask my friend to hook us up with her girl.
She looked phenomenal when I saw her in march.
fascinating isn't it!
We know someone who works at an insurance co, her job is to search FB for worker's comp fraud for companies
Thank you for those words of encouragement : You are an excellent man  I look forward to watching God continue to use u.
We want a seat on your tour bus!
And the best fries are at Lucy's Table!
hey thanks for joining the party!
you should def check out our music :
I'm a poop?
Starting a new thing tonight..go to a bar in Lakewood I've never been before and review it..first bar Mullens on Madison
My body is in pain!!!
brewersfantasycamp problems.
Yeah, I can live with that.
my gmail count was 66 for the thread
If you're havin' troll problems I feel bad for ya son, I've got 99 Jimmie's and a your post rustles none.
enables researchers to share both successful data
Will the citizens of the USA let our nation get washed down the doctorin with Liberalism Socialism?
I think not
If really love someone you would set them free...but if they really love you they will always be there when you come back.
That's what you wanted right?
You can't dismis EVERYTHING as bad just to keep being angry, it's not good for you.
;
Doesn't it look like it?;
hello how is it going
Another EXCELLENT win from the Astros tonight!!!
was belgabad the biggest or were there some even bigger than that?
so I am at home right now, whatcha saying?
Happy New Year to all our Pageant Friends  to my Friends  Family!!
Why is smh a viable hash tag trend?
I mean, I guess all of this twitter stuff is stupid, but shaking ones head is something people follow?
following you.
alevine513
Today in Invention History: 1886, Pharmicist John Styth Pemberton first sells his patent medicine named, CocaCola
You can't go wrong with Lord of the Rings!
My precious!
Thanks for high five today on 6 go low this week!!
Thanks for following us!
Any video game programmers/designers in Seattle who might be interested in mentoring a student senior project?
We r in PreProduction of a Compton Based Hood Movie currently seeking Financiers/INVESTORS.
Ur email

Your Welcome :.
what to wear what to wear.
Our music's kind of about taking something ugly and making it beautiful.
Jerry Cantrell
RT : I'm sick of hearing But I want it!
treated as a valid excuse for theft.
I boycott the Tassimo at work for that reason.
RT : Conservation attempt failed: reusing keurig cups for second cup of coffee.
you a fool good one
you guys make us blush
Happy Birthday My Twinaj :  Have A WonderFul Time !
: 
.
Understood.
But disclaimer is still missing from column page.
Until it's there, readers will assume views  yours.
I miss Media Day last year when put Rich Eisen in his place.
That was awesome.
Reason to use statistics in your speech part 5 Statistic can be memorable, sticking with your audience in the duration of your speech.
No disrespect to anybody, but my rapping artistry will stand out to anybody else's..
Don't get caught up on my opinion though
Layin outside with
Today's Sandwich: Smoked turkey  provolone cheese on a baguette w/ spinach, tomato, dill shallot mayo  cup of soup 6.95 Chili .50
RT : I Love working with creative people who have a goal an a doctoram, gives me ideas
Be ENCOURAGED...
ENCOURAGE OTHERS
: Too early to say.
I'll let you know!
Everybody have a Blessed Day : Be safe and Have Fun :
Wow Megaton just hit the mega millions jackpot!
We cant wait to party with you again!!
:D RT : I am SO excited!
Last summer jam was AMAZING!
Indeed I do.
RT : summerofyes knows what I mean.
Okay we can be friends.
just realized my happy birthday to u is early..
Cus I'm in fl so I'm an hour ahead, so happy early birthday I guess lol 
Looking for a local coffee vendor for branding ops.
Let us know.
13 more days till school's out...
Nobody likes you when you're 23...right ?
If anyone needs beats, hmu!!
Got some exclusive ones!
lol, the homie had those girls going hammer tonight
he doesn't even deserve a tweet right now.
always the case
Thanks for the follow and
yeah, I understand.
Looks like community is using both already, from a quick search.
I'll add dmvdance to my roster!
He who has health, has hope.
And he who has hope, has everything.
Are you a hospice and want a great handbook 4 ur familes and c/g's?
ON MY JOURNEY HOME written about an end of life journey.
Happy Fat Tuesday!
Our Rib Tips are calling your name today, 1lb for only 8.99!
Come and get them while they're hot!!
Oh happiness!!
The Bluebird of Happiness is knocking on Leslie BotkoKingston's door.
She won a family pass to visit World of Coca Cola 3
THIS WEEKEND I HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU ALL TO SEE BATTLESHIP THIS IS A GOOD MOVIE!!!!
Say what you want, but a Phil Collins song doesn't exactly scream, Yeah, go team!
to me.
Birds chirping at 5:30 in the morning.
Young in bed on roof?
Is that really the best way to promote a book about God?
Proverbs 16:16 is the goal  Wisdom is better than gold.
very nice
I see plenty of my favorite people presenting at GSummit, would love to attend!
Boy..
that Lunch'...
was So fast I forgot what I had?
Well there goes that
Art Show Tonight  :
I part of my life that I both doctoraded and love, ends 2rw.
I thank everyone for their help,support and love!
6/16/2010, I FINALLY GRAD'ED!
ikr?
And he passed obedience school :
Yesterday was amazing nothing can ruin my week !
Omar yesterday ,
Tough question that Boston is also struggling with.
I say more entrepreneurial events, conferences, talks will help a long way
Awesome!
You should just come with Phil :
so you're saying their is a chance that PSU may still make the moral and correct decision to retire him immediately?
Mac.Lingo: USE SELECTIVE HONESTY  GENEROSITY TO DISARM YUR VICTIM!!!RealMaccinInEffect!!!
Yep, lots of new songs!!
It's been so good.
How are you doing?
xx
Show Tomorrow  Uncommon Ground!
i just love the name
haha I know.
I'm just kidding.
Btw we still on for Saturday?
I was planning to be your last but you
S/O 2 MNF SEXY ASS  FOLLOW HER 4 AN INSTANT FOLLOW BACK!!
send me your email.
1/2 price 's start on Friday for 2 weeks...
That's what's getting me through the week...
Impatience never commanded success.
Edwin H.
Chapin
CONGRATULATIONS FRANCISCO LIRIANO ON YOUR NO HITTER!!!!
I love a mid afternoon
when the hunger games trailer comes on tv i literally stop everything i'm doing and stare at it wideeyed, not blinking until its over.
You might have to cut off your finger to save your hand
you should follow me.
Cos YOLO
So far, the Ragnarchi 200 miler run is a great experience.
They did an awesome job with directions on the road.
Easy to find the turns.
RT : RT e2conf Using activity streams as a universal event bus combining system and people updates  using !!
Oh no!
Was that during the account create process?
Or later when editing your existing professorle?
i like candy.
Hey i'm here where my grandama doing dessert yumiiii hungry hahaha
Thank you both for your support!
Final artwork and audio for our CD the Great Destroyer sent to pressing.
That much closer to having a CD/MP3s in your hands and ears!
It's 11/11/11, Veteran's Day, and Association Hero Dog Awards are tonight on !
Sponsored by
Quick fact: In 2008, AfricanAmerican women had the highest voter turnout rate  a first for the nation.
YOU KNOW IT C;
Dude called out of work tonight.
It's supposed to be my day off but fuck it, I'm going in.
I could use the money for Vegas.
Not.
Moving.
Today.
i feel brand new idk y
whuut a day, what a day !
i had a pizza about the size of my upper body giggles
Thanks for speaking to us and !
It was a great learning experience
stevie wonder just walked past me.......
Well manicured fingers crossed, we'll be debuting our very first McChristmas McSpecial!
ooh, baby.
2011 is going to be our YEAR :D
Getting my cameras ready for this trip.
what a informative class tonight.
I'm amongst such interesting ppl this month.
Just got a cell phone tix tho, time for a 
I kno but it will pass lol
Supercars might impress girls to a point, let's face it, crash your enzo  she wets her knickers in fright.
She's never calling you again.
same!
I really hope she does!
On the other hand, this person was clearly loved by many.
So, well done sir or madam on a life well lived.
62 today?!?!
Is it really true??
I had a flea on my finger.
WTF.
Happy Pi Day all you geometrical formed twitters,
Yur no surgeon!u cant comment on wat thy mite or mite not hav had done!stop with jeolousy!success doesnt cone overnite!!unless yur .....
RT : Who knew the guy who helped create Stash  Tazo is now which will be my next tea purchase....
Leadership Inspiration RT : CYMYoungHeroes celebrate Random Acts of Kindness week by creating ripples in Miami.
Let's go BrewCrew!!!!!!
Someone will take Todd White from Rangers, i wish the Sabres had room for him...
Two more days until the weekend.
Can't wait!
The bag of peanuts I bought has a peanut allergy warning label on it.
Ordered VIP tix to Big 4 today as part of MetClub travel package.
Not only will b close to stage but also spending extra day at nice resort.
Congrats to , Isaac Allen  I Can All Stars for winning 17u Jayhawk Invtl.
Maurice Kirby with game winner!
: She got money, doctorgs, and freedom.
She's A BOSS
The amazing Liv Berger from Body Endeavors will be here 12/3 at 11 for a super mat class with post froyo!
10.
DM if interested:
hires summer interns!
I need to reattach the metal post to the plastic earcup mount on my SR80's.
How can I do this?
Special glue/technique?
Thanks to all our wonderful sponsors
DAMAGED GOODS is in the can.
Sorry for the delay while I was on vacation but I really appreciate the mention.
Stay safe!
It's the last weekend before alcoholfree Feb!!
Been a tradition for a few years :
clapping Summerfest fan lady broll!
I love it!!!
Great information!
Giving and receiving constructive criticism is a learned skill, and not an easy one.
yeah my mom accidentally gave me sleeping pills rather then ibuprofessorn
haha o ryan if meg was only worth it hahaha !
phone w/ natalie3
Did you know: Johnathan Williams was the Grand Nephew of Benjamin Franklin?
SD Restaurant Week about over.
Hurry up and head to the awesome NineTen.
3 courses of perfection: Smoked salmon, short ribs, Nutella tart
thank you!haha your is HOT to!!!!!!
3
Things I didn't remember about Yellow Submarine: 1 It's technically brilliant.
2 It's bizarrely racist.
80 bucks cheaper for a crappy kitchen and decent living room or a really nice kitchen with a funky living room?
Keep doctoraming.
Nobody ever changed the world by being realistic.
Hop of the turn my swag on!
Take a look Ib the mirror and say wats up!!
Yeeeeeeeee I'm gettin'  ooowwww
And that's exactly why I'm single
I'm debating whether I should change my twitter name from Bill Nye, to Ricky Bobby.
Decisions, I hate them.
Did you have him nearby to hand you tissues?
Hahaha..
What's up bro..
I see you..
Thanks for following my twitter Valery.
I belive in the law of attraction too!
Stay warm tonight with some chicken and waffles and delicious alcohols.
Dinner special starts at 7:30, doctornks are flowing now.
Did you take a look at Cycorp and their approach to solving similar challenges that Watson faced?
Hope you can fit us in tonight!
;
Every time I see your face, I get all tense and my fingers curl up into a fist.
I just hate your face.
Lauren Hill is trending.
It should be LAURYN Hill
blue usually does not work on unbleached hair :
to kiss my babies all day!
Could You Please Tweet: JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE, To Get It Trended For Austin?
Please  Thank You!
:
Cool Following now :
Lmfao!!
Thank you!
you are too!
I've been busy getting into school and stuff but, I want to start tweeting more haha anywho, start a convo wiff meh.
I ish bored
YUM!
I want to crash.
Give me the chance to love you, I'll tell you the only reason why..
Cause you are on my mind.
Hang in there!
Sometimes you gotta keep staring down that screen till you win!
was sad to see you leave H50 but extremely happy you'll be on Chicago Fire!!
Welcome to Chitown!!
Justin Meet Lisa :
Couldn't be any prouder of my BBall team.
Left it all on the court.
Good luck to Swop, C5, and King Kyle.
Happy Thankgiving to all my followers and fellow tweeters.
May you enjoy being with your familes....and hopefully don't eat too much food.
Any cheftabletv level places to eat in Naperville/aurora?
It occurs to me that some of Rush Limbaugh's opinions are not in step with mainstream consumer sentiment.
Now I'm not buying an ad.
SchoolMemories I was in fifth grade and we were on a field trip to a museum and everyone was hitting on my mom because she chaperoned.
the guys on vampire diaries are just to sexy!!!3
Cousin Brucie played I Walk the Line by Johnny Cash.
It was a dedication to Lee for Johnny's birthday

Lol.
They DID that.
lmfaoo!
What ?
You think i don't check my mail ?
I heard rivers is going pro.
He is going to get ate up.
Can only go to his right and can't play d.
I don't know how to view DM's on my iPhone for twitter.
You can't be missing if nobody's looking for you in the first place.

excuse me but wut is that?
Eric, We are introducing Whisk Reputation, Yelp feedback mgmt.
As a Restaurateur would that be something of a interest to you?
BTW, in response to conventional wisdom,  if you CAN'T put ur client on the stand, don't; but prepare to, and if you can, do so.
I can't believe the is following me on twitter.
I must really have made it!
;
Ugh why does there have to be school today  my miserable life
i love to please everyone, or at least try.......
thanks for taking the pledge!
: Just once, I would like to wake up, turn on the news, and hear...
Monday has been canceled, go back to sleep.
Please do.
Good day!
What's going on wit cha?
I'm pissed off
that song needs to be on iTunes....like NOW!
Saysomthin :
There is nothing glamorous about Aerosmith Brad Whitford's head Injury.
I hope you never have to experience one
Forgive me Father, for I have sinned  , as he opens the Canisius webpage on my computer..
I agree RT hash tagging Facebook is wrong
Outlaw aka has been working on his round kick.
I think he's just about perfected the move.
kickboxing pregancy cc
Just arrived i DC for SLA.
Let's trend summerwontbeabummer!
Help me!
see you're up early,  welcome to the land of the crazies
yes, awhile ago and was sold out :
Karl Malone salutes our troops
: has mad skill!
That girl can sing!!
thank you!!!!!
Man if there was an award for mediocre horror film with a demon possessed little girl Case 39 would have won an Oscar.
2nd English Home Magazine back cover in a row!
Versailles Bed in Silver Leaf
i wish i could apply :
Tiger Woods needs a caddie that makes him feel tough again!
Is available?
Iron Mike on Tiger's Golf bag would scare 99 of field
hey man.
youre going to kick ass this season.
good luck.
This is not how it is suppose to be.
...although he did just end a sentence with a preposition.
Moombahton Massive was insane last night!
I would have tweeted then but I gets no service in uhall.
The whole crew killed it!
Putting the finishing touches on the production details for the show on Saturday.
You're gonna love it, KC.
DC: a reminder that our Saturday 4/21 class at the will be at noon.
Regular schedule resumes next week.
Thanks!
Need front row tickets for J.Cole concert,contact to buy a 1 raffle tickets for a chance to win your free ticket.
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY LOVE!
LOVE U
that'll b dope..
and film it..
include a dvd
Get to play in our new electronic instruction room today.
Very excited to see the new tech in place instead of in boxes!
it's all part of the experience.
What, never heard of Oaklandhoma??
Great to visit with you  your quinoa salad was an inspiration for our dinner tonight.
I just hope Stanley McChrystle isn't naked on the cover of the new ROLLING STONE.
The Brewers are the new Cubs.
What a fucking game!!!!!
Cowboys were kicking ass!!
Dont screw it up..
: As more involved in doctorg discovery, had to engage w/ FDA.
Same goals: safety and efficacy webinar
Jennifer Paper: Tops at the Box Office: 39;Think Like a Man39; reigns ...
windows down in my apartment.
just heard someone walk by and say man, i be payin rent and dey aint even gon' clean da pool?!
: of course I know what it is!
Kimono, Aidao..qipao
water and Juneau all we have right now is grilled cheese and grilled cheese with bacon 3
Would you also like to keep the planet healthy, while taking care of your health?
If yes, then check out the Ecofriendly yoga...
Do not look where you fell, but where you slipped.
Chinese Proverb
Tonight 10:30pm I'll be on letitrip.
It was postponed last night due to Dexter tornado.
Thankful everyone impacted is safe.
I love AriZona Arnold Palmer.
It reminds me of Chicago.
like let me get a black escalade and my college education.
I'll even take a pay raise to stay with this company.
thanks!
Y'all haven't really been fair about this one, doctor and I LOVE unpopular speech.
Wit lies in recognizing the resemblance among things which differ and the difference between things which are alike.
Madame de Stael
free tats for life if u get me in o e of ur films.
im a veteran a cop and 21 jump was funny as hell.
amazing actor man
I'm writing in 's Days from the Heart of the Home everyday this year.
so far so good.
that's my diary project this year
I'm tryna hoop so fuckin bad it don't make sense.
I don't know what is relevant at this point in time
Nice read!
Dude, I so look forward to clicking on your links.
Always so entertaining.
This game would be better if the refs weren't wearing mavs jerseys
Just met wit n he is to funny...
He doctornks his beer nice n slow so he doesn't doctorwn lmfao

my legs are screaming for rest!!!
EEk
What is up with these 5 day work weeks
MyBiggestFlaw I procrastinate a lot...
Yum!
I'm jealous.
I HOPE YOU WILL FOLLOW ME SOON I WOULD LIKE TO TALK WITH YOU
hold me
Who wants a new champion this year?
So long Jimmie
yeah I think you are too lol
does anyone know if Sade has a concert in the near Kansas City area?
I haven't been myself lately it's weirs
Happy Momma's day as well to and Can't believe how many supermoms I know.
i love you3
Member made cake and cookies at Conjunctured today.
It's a good day to be coworking!
no way...
socks are essential.
You know what you like and will accept nothing less.
Your feet are key to running, i think.
Goodmorning my people.....
Let's get to work
You can count on me for bathroom interventions any time your affections are targeted at terrible people.
Academy of Swag fawking killed it
sure, how can i help you?
sup bro
the antiprotestors are predictable, but the protestors have ADD.
We want this, and we...
look a squirrel!
why thank you :D touch me all the time thats probably why.
Started cleaning right as my ADD meds kicked in.
House spotless.
Work project not done.
Damn it.
March 9th:wine history 2007 snake river canyon was made a wine AVA previously, known 4 Evil Kenevil to jumping it in 1974, Thanks vino verve
RT : told u round one was ours.
LOL.
Lakers in 7 vs OKC dude u are smoking sonething!!!
Yeah I said sonething!!
Lebron is the truth!
When do the Yankees broadcasts start ???
Is SVG the Clips coach next year?
I feel like it is a lock.
Ah well, I miss you every ALA.
Attack the Block FINALLY opens in Baltimore, and a damn hurricane has to come along.
Where's the justice?
CEO David Dundas on entrepreneurship: do it for the love of the game
Everytime you smile, I smile.
And everytime you shine, I'll shine for you.
Watching Scandal with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
You can call me cudi the kid.
I just earned the Doorstep Bonus at Bel Tempo in MyTown2.
How can I apply to hogwarts lol
yeah, well rush limbaugh can suck a bag of dicks.
Hope it hit the spot!
Your weird and awkward at times and get on my nerves ALOT but i love you :
Google's You said you attached something but there's nothing attached feature: Very important technological milestone.
PUT A SMILE ON KYLE'S FACE GIVE HIM A HIGH FIVE HE'S ONLY HERE FOR 4 MORE DAYS!
On the Defense team currently working in Biometricssocial media?
very cool!
Know anyone in the DC area doing the same?
Completely deep moment over, now I just want to go die in my room.
Blah
I'm putting the scandal and Seau together.
Is this a suicide?
Was there gamecaused brain damage?
For y'all following NC amendment1 tonight, I'll be with Pastor Ron Baity at Berean Baptist Church and will be livetweeting from there.
heard you have hott sons?
explanation for CBS/NYT poll is probably Obama coming out in favor of gay marriage.
It probably WILL cost him the election.
Thanks Joe
Happy birthday to the man, the myth, the legend
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Looks like Illini might not be dancing, get em
Wis.
elections officials say 900,938 signatures collected to recall Gov.
Scott Walker, far more than 540,208 needed
never give up on what you love 3
My god I love being alive
well thank ya mister crazygoodpianokid!
lol
I think Maurice should be a character in your weiner dog mystery series, possibly his trusty sidekick?
Just put the cookie bars in the oven...can't remember if I put in 1 1/2 or 1 3/4 cups of flour.
sigh So off tonight.
Kane did a lot more than he should have been doing in the post season anyway.
This is the most agressive he has ever been.
Its not illegal..
just frowned upon.
like mastubating on airplane Oh Yeah big book of movie quotes ..
mcLovin.
mc loving
RT : Straight up: Use the fact that MCA grew up  stopped using words like faggot  bitch  embraced being HUMAN as a lesson.
I mean you're badgrammar :
nice!
That's where lots of people have their tattoo!
What is yours?
Just when I thought everything was getting better and I would be happy again.....nope right back to the way I was before.
Filled out an application for The Family Christian Store.
OKAY.
Now THAT ONE was perf.
I just realized what I've been waiting for a year is finally here
All County rehearsal
Appreciate the FF!
O.U.T....
Goodnight
no problem oh please check out my youtube channel IronicPenguinZ it would mean so much thx
All rules are meant to be broken!
thats what I used to say,now that im in high school i disagree because PDA in the middle of the hallGROSS
White women i meet over the age of 35 get grouped into one name, lisa.
I forget their names and all are called lisa.
Jk
Iceland is calling my name.
Just flipped some fresh magic for fine folks at a downtown luxury
This nigga bought an expired ass condom 0o
All the best bro RT : hangin up the shorts and calling it a career bro
It's a very fall type morning but finally some sunshine.
The birds are all over the feeders and are enjoying cut sunflowers.
.
.
beautiful!
tweet war?
Hey and
I got it at the winery.
Try their website :
I love Dor, but I was looking forward to my boys on the reissue.
They better not change the DVD.
Tyler  all the other boys better be on it.
The Get Up Kids just pop punked my face off.
Time for Flaming Lips!
WELL DONE ONE DIRECTION
Q: Why did God create man before woman?
A: He didn't want any advice.
actually I would say you've loved him since about March/April of 91 :
Saying your phone was dead or you were busy, but you really just didn't want to reply.
I'm at my first Date Auction...dear lord
Panera bread can cure any hangover.
yeah ...
there are other issues w/those signs...
like putting braille up at eye level, but u r way short or in a wheelchair
i woke up thinking it was Sunday...can you call a 'redo' on a day?
Who committed the 1838 Haun's Hill Massacre, where 17 Mormons were slaughtered including the execution of a 10 year old boy?
I see you said what I just said.
Stealing my line I see.
Biggest pet peeve?
When people copy me.
Find some originality.
Pathetic.
Now spending an hour on an article 4 a golf website on the zone  subconsciousintuition b4 I go out.
Will post it up here nxt wk sometime.
As a Packer fan i'm disappointed by Rodgers
Math grade went up
My muses today are JZ Smith and David Bowie.
According to thermodynamics, biting my lip isn't a bad habit, it's basically exercise.
Was it an offer?
Maybe it gets lonely wandering the streets doctorssed like a boy scout in a blue phase
: At talk with Dustin Moskovitz.
urbantag in the house.
LightMasters Number 13 by The arched opening swirls closed the moment Bo steps inside the massive tree.
how was Murphy's final?
Swim with sharks?
Been there, done that.
it's great!!
exciting new stuff happening here at the agency.
you'll hear more of us!!
Watching horrible bosses lmao funny movie.
are you gonna be having any concerts in little rock any time soon?
:
It's 2012 and people are still being immature...
Keep them squares up out ya circle!
Just returned from the UK.
Jobless rate is the headline; Eurozone unemployment is at 10.8 and grew by 1.5M in the past year
freeresortbeach.info New Post  When I travel to Cuba, I ta....
Read it now at html headtitle410 Gone/title/head body bgcolor
RyanBraun lifetime Brewer great day in Brewers history.
Maybe her grandma was legitimately run over by a reindeer, and she's keeping the memory alive, you monster.
Almost time for SEC Football kick off.
Get your crate mats bedding or a saddlepack with your favorite team colors.
www.dogonwear.com
The extention pack is: So you think you're genius and don't need a designer
Thanks for the follow Scott.
Have a great 2012 NCN Season
Again, if you retweet someone, and they're not following you, and you have a substantive comment, they won't see it, right?
aren't macs supposed to be easy??
House rule: leave your shoes at the door.
What would you do when guest refuse?
Is it ok to kick them out?
how do you get a witch pregnant?
RIP Rep.
Donald Payne  His legacy included famine relief for Darfur  billions in foreign aid for treating HIV/AIDS, TB 
In the mood for sushi!
hard to bring myself to edit photos when the sun is shining so brightly
I wish jada would quit talking to me...
Settling in with new Blackberry 9900.
Hoping it's better than Torch.
Least it weighs less!
That's Cool!
: I Can't Seem To Find Anyothers That Live In Denver.
POOWY!
Have You Found AnyOther People On Twitter From Au ...
im gonna kill myself if doesnt follow me.
lifes not worth it if i can have him.
I am so sleepyo
Allen: Sunset review said TDCJ does not track outcomes for reentry programs, despite 80 million spent.
Damn Karma Is A Bitch smh
Wifi on my flight..I land in about 40 minutes.
See you tomorrow
Coco lounge already crunked...
Mann holup
Im Singing , Who Knew I Would Be So Great Thoo , with Jah Mya  Mabinty  Nicole  Rachael , I Pep Our Future Career !
lol man im wide awake ha
Didn't get the waterproof pod you wanted for Xmas?
No worries, grab it now, we've doctorpped the price to 137.95!
I love vintage
Wait...
I think this some kinda phishing...
as now I have one that say my professorle's been viewed 166 times!
Well...
I'm dumb.
DOH!
God.I have to preform my monolog right now.watch my stutter.
RT : Today is National Beer Day!
On April 7th, 1933, after 14 years of sobriety we were allowed to doctornk beer again!
wuts GreenHitz?
do you mean to follow hot new artists?
you are FALSE!!!!!
Oh, you know it.
Also loved Dixieland Delight.
RT RT : RT this if you think the fight against Tea Party/Austerity Governor Scott Walker in Wisconsin is worth it
Actually, Bochy should sit him, and you just impllied Theriot lied about being sick.
GO TO FLYPITTSBURGH.MOBI right now you have a chance of winning 400!
Ends next week, GO NOW!
I swear I want that so i gotta ask.
do you like me check the box yes or no
Damn.
I think I entered our bank account info wrong when filing our taxes, so now we have to wait for a check instead of direct deposit.
I want to rock your gypsy soul just like way back in the days of old
What was the second dirty word from Joel Pett?
Ideas?
Hello San Francisco.
Yes we do indeed.
I'll shoot you an email.
BTW in Calistoga this weekend.
So insanely beautiful.
: Want to remind u that the enemy on his best day in 2011 did not take you out on your worst day!
YOU ARE STILL HERE!
AMEN.
it's cool, bring it!
Extra small aint shit.
Besides, I got red rocket on my team 8D
come to boston, the both of you.
Okay, I want a boyfriend.
That is all.
At this party..
its the emerald city of course!
lol breath x are you going to see them again ?
:
this may be offensive bro.lol
Remember, thank, salute, hug, text, call, email, smile at a Veteran 2day.
Happy Veteran's Day  thanks 2 the brave folks that keep us safe!
Where is Gus Johnson when you need him for VCU/Wichita St game?
Don't let the bad weather outside dampen your mood!
Munch on some medicated Trail Mix and stay lifted all day!
at RPM in Vegas tonight!
's daughter knows the score: I'm all worn out from dealing with stubborn people all dayincluding myself.
I'll be around at some point in the summer.
sup?
Oversees markets are pointing to a rise in our stock market tomorrow......expect a quick rally in the morning but.....
fb.me/16aRohjca

said lawyerly!
I feel affirmed.
LOL
Not fair that JoeBonamassa and Widespread Panic are playing across Hennepin Ave.
at the same time tonight in
Lucky u!
U must be off this week?
I'll call him tomorrow if there is a way to get a hold of him.
This will be...epic.
I'll get it done.
Lmao oh snap!
prettykia dang!
that sucks ya'll would have been cute.
Sleepy girl
ways..
Its really complicated...
Oh and i gotta tlk to u bout radio...
that reminds me of Fdoctors there is nothing to fear but fear itself.
: Glenn Stanton, Focus On The Family, says civilunions bill takes us in the wrong direction.
coleg
Shout out to !!!
Thanks for follwing!
RT : sounds like really weak mid management realwplearn You got it!
Frustrating.
Monday, Dec.
5: Two Hour Delay.
No early a.m.
care.
Toddler  Primary starts 10:30, Elementary 10:15.
I just want the baddest bitch in the world right here on my lap lol
Leaving fashion show at Marquee
LOOK!
A space shuttle!
rowdier than best beleeethat
I look terrible going to work...I liked being called in.
But not such short notice
I have my wedding all planned out, I just need a groom.
Oh wait, it's an entire month...
Jesus has paid the price.
Yes, even for THAT too.
Take Him at His word!
Continue to confess The Word regardless of what it looks like.
was it her head she shaved l like the guys or her legs?
Shame
Downey's bowtie is moving!
Unlike this sketch.
Welcome to the congregation Richard Sands!
Just saw you're reading doctorOD.
Will await your thoughts with interest.
:
Asked students to apply course material to a hypothetical business decision.
Now I weep for American businesses.
didn't see them at sound exchange and didn't look too long at sig's.
Give sig's a call.
There was still a line at cactus.
I routinely make the mistake of thinking I can just watch a couple minutes of Shawshank Redemption :
First day of fall!
85 degrees!!!
Beautiful day!
ENJOY
Do you think the FG Kicker for the Baltimore Ravens that Missed the FG at the end of AFC Championship Game be replaced?
Outta sight but never outta mind..
Tired of paying bills,ready go live n a shelter..
SEO NEWS: Penguins, Pandas, and Panic at the Zoo
Love the new avatar pretty lady :
Hear that sound?
It's the Cats, coming for you.
Need someone thats nocturnal like me to text at wee hours of the night, like now :
Just touched down in lovely Lynchburg, VA, where Romney will deliver the commencement speech at evangelical Liberty University on Saturday.
Smh girls girls girls
Not a big Foster's doctornker.
Are you?
Flipped over to NESN just in time to see Nick Punto ground into a double play with 2men on.
I wouldn't care if a nigga said he had a thousand dollars for me...
yeah you could be talking to me at 1am that's horrible
Maria hates us
Awww, thanks Ms.
Joyce!
:
RT : RT : I'm telling you...
don't fuck w me mayne Hahaha your a fool
in case you wanted an update: i just shipped 7 boxes to colorado so my life is no longer an utterly disorganized mess!
much of what makes life unpleasant is your worry that youre missing out on something more enjoyable.
Modify the GTS, grab 'em by the head from behind and pull them down on your planted knee.
You can call it ICT: It's Concussion Time.
I followed 433 persons but I have only 15 followers.That's heartless!
Lord forgive me if I'm losing faith...
It is funny how you move things around to make maybe a more interesting story.
I just want to shout NO that's not how it went!
Hello!
Hello from GreenRope!
: Followed ya!
xx
: Wishing you a safe flight!
God bless.
xo
RT : our editor in chief was a judge for the Misd India  had a lovely experience.
congrats to Neetu Gupta!
that's very pinteresting.
ConfessionNight I miss u but u will never knw how I feel about u
artslegacy rochmn at Arts Advocacy Day at the State Capital.
I didn't realize their was a rouser song written for this day.
Alls signed up for the Community Fitness challenge!
Who's joining me?!
The game isn't easy.
The game isn't fair.
The choices are show up and win big, or stop playing and go home.
RT  Take this trip to Oakland baby, trust  believe it's a ONE way
missed it last night Had to go to sleep early to catch a 7am flight home so I didn't get to see game.
We looked at your site as a nice visual alternative to the seldomisterad thanks for visiting my site!
homepage welcome fluff.
is my darlin
I Have SO Many Fav Songs.
LLS
That imghettobarbie girl showin her tities to everybody on twitter..lets pray for her
Right  we don't really have the density to have a system that is quite as user friendly into the county, but it's not bad in the
MLB: Guillen to return to Miami for Castro apology Marlins manager Ozzie Guillen, facing criticism over comments published last week in
Thanks , , , and for donating to our 100bowls auction in May!
I did!
It felt like someone tapping me on the shoulder from the inside out.
Did you know?
The city of Kaplan is referred to as The Most Cajun place on earth.
I like how my women's studies professoris obsessed with talkin bout sex...not!
Love Kiawah.
Have fun!
Look out for a new app launched today that will be mentioned in an article!
computernerd01 !!!
YOU'RE WELCOME JOSH HAHA
Thanks very much for the
Didn't beer club have a field trip there?
keep your pimp hand strong
A rainy weekend in South Beach but a great day to sit in the house and listen to music!
Thanks for being so accessible.
Would more PT for Angerer entail a shift back to the strong side for Session?
yeah really i wake at 2pm or 1pm :P
Im Done With Oomf .
He LowKey Pissed Me Off .
Facebook bought Instagram.
Fantastic.
Of course we lose out on Ladarius Green
Who want some ?
great!!!thank u much!!if we can make 6Mvotes for kca pretty sure we can make xfactorusa tweeter acct flooded w/ tweets for cha
Do you have a help page on how to customize the primary portal on ?
I can't find one that details it
Dancin Donald doctorver
of course!
followmedylan Please follow me!
A1 I enjoyed reading how the sheer environment of NYC alone inspired him so much.
Place can be so integral.
who got the most airtime on the scdebate?
I know who it wasn't!
probably because they have yet to find a bugfree camping area with hotellike amenities.
please enable app support for my Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 and HTC EVO Shift.
Thank you.
hahahah ya girl!!
P.s can we have a life update soon!?
Lol
And now allergies are kicking in.
Makes for longer day.
Hate dfw
End the week with a slushy margarita and some gravy cheese fries!
Late Night Happy Hour is from 10:0011:00PM!
New Open Graph allows for new kinds of apps and perpetual, frictionless sharing to FB
If you are pregnant, please consult your physician before trying aromatherapy and using essential oils.
Hope u dig the tunes and the video.
Please help us spread the word.
We gotta find these guys!
Best  success.
i dont want money but thanks though
actually, you know, that is a pinwheel in the garden, blown by the wind, and only appears still for an instant in the photo
doctornking in dc wishing I was in morgantown wvu let's go mountaineers!!!
No lights in the city of highland park .
scary !!!
great tweets lately!
;
I love my baby from  to to  times a zillion to the power of 18 times  to the square root of 36 times more!
Congrats to your sister and boyfriend!
I ran that race last year and cried.
It was my worst pace ever ever.
Sand  devil.
why what did i do
1st time to browse pinterest this week.
Relaxing.
What do u do when a child knows she or he has a dad out there  they r always talking  asking question.
What do u do?
I M recovered from a VERY BUSY a.m.
Helped 2 marketing clients B4 7 a.m.
then off 2 affect city policy re: indie biz 3 hrs.
Back 2 WAN now!
Favorite morning combo?
Banana bread and a triple venti vanilla latte
i'm bout to start singing If You Want To around my house!!
!!!
Thanks for everything!
You are the best ;
Oh yeah :
I'm I not one of your friends?
Lol
The nice part about being a pessimist is that you are constantly being either proven right or pleasantly surprised.
George Will
Nice dog walk day
Shout out to my boi Eric great chat yesterday.
Blessed.
Im rooting for you 3 I really hope you win was voting on all my accounts , your an inspiration .
You deserve this .
:
So happy to be here, but filming a presenter with your ipad is not cool.
Today is going to be a great day!

Welcome!
Would love to see your show someday!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
thanks!
and thanks to and their readers for making our first year so wonderful!
idk what I'm gonna be doing yet haha just good to get away.
How much does a beer cost there?
just pet the furry wallpaper if that happens...couldn't resist lol.
If only was aged in barrels, someone could brew Malort barrelaged beer.
no work getting done right now...our newsroom can't turn away from this episode of doctor Oz
just getting you back ;
What are you plans after graduation?
Pure is interviewing.
I saw you today!!!
And, there is more OJ in the office, in a box.
with OJ in it.
Marked OJ.
It's the one with OJ inside.
we had runts too!
everyone just liked the bananas.
Happy first day of spring and happy Nowruz!
What kind of jobs?
Do u see this effecting productiondistribution?
Does it open the US mkt to new apparell producers?
IF WE GIVE A LITTLE LOVE MAYBE WE CAN CHANGE THE WORLD!
:
yes.
Thank u!
that's a really good analogy  a really funny movie.
You're looking at him.
Dayumm straight march25 RT : RT:: All Aries are born bad to the bone.
I wish the could hear us cheering for them here.
Let's get these trending  are you teamlauren or teamscotty?
Amen sister!
Talk very soon as we enjoy each others journey He has put before us!
: Dig yo style.
MT Updated data series on Aging.
MN median age37.4.
Much wiser than young  foolish US population
Teachers ruin summer break by giving us work :O
what video?
RT : Just watched a video that chopped and screwed my entire thought pattern.
Thats what it Is...
A grenade thrown into a kitchen in France would result in Linoleum Blownapart.
hahahaha great find bro
upgradeyourtimeline his energy kinetic straight from the roots gorilla tranquilizer
Indeed.
RT : Johnny Cueto, you are a delight.
I like you and your throwing is good, REAL good.
go reds
RT : unpacking from PHC2011.
Hundoctords of follow up appointments for medical, vision, employment happening with our partners!
Congrats to everyone who graduated today!
damn its like that?
366,000 people filed an initial unemployment claim last week, and the national unemployment rate is 12.
Damn.
I always go with my gut.
To be absolutely certain about something, one must know everything or nothing about it  Henry Kissinger
totally agree!
RT : The CSuite has gone Tablet!
I haven't watched it yet!
Losing Faith opening tonight, see you at Center Space!
amazing!!
I love it: will you be my valentine?
I want JOSE HERNadez
About to see my little sister's band play!
Thx for the information!
I had my first MS library experience visiting WWMS.
Let me know if you hear more.
UR the best.
Our NM community keeps growing...Many thanks to all of you for your support.
We couldn't do it without you!
Thanks for following!
I look forward to some bulldawg tweets!
dm me your 
looks awesome!!
Dudes tossing tees in the club box next to us.
If we had pompoms it'd be another story.
SportsSunday NFL games, NCState bball and now golf on Haven't left the couch since 1, no end in sight...
Thanks for following  I look forward to many interesting tweets!
Thomas
Probably shouldn't still be awake if my alarm is set for 5:15 am, huh?
unconventional archive use FTW RT RT Using the Library of Congress archives to see Frost handwriting for my next tattoo..
Wondering what to make my burning effigy of McGinn out of for May 1.
Which burns brighter: papiermâché, cardboard, or strawstuffed pillow?
You got lucky.
A lot of people wouldn't return that shit.
I read that today.
Can't believe it, oh wait, yes I can.
Awkward talks with my dad 
I can't wait until friday
Praveen Madan: Bookstores have no great technology partners.
Can DPLA be the first?
Just watched the secret Circle.
Faye is my favorite so far.
Her mom and Diana's Dad killed Cassie's mom
Talking to two 20 year olds is like talking to a wall.
making a taco pie.
yes, it is as delicious and nutritionally deficient as it sounds.
Wonder what the chances are that I can convince mister.
Werner that Sobelmann's would be a grand idea this evening?
Very cool.
Looking forward to meeting him.
Bellator Signs World's Top Welterweight Prospect Andoctory Koreshkov
whoohoo best of luck fundoctorising!
i lost someone to lupus too
im done here lol ..
i suppose to be in the shower.
Bye
Just one more wafer thin mint?
You also don't hear Sconnie a lot but we'll let it slide.
RT : Actually, coastie broadcaster, WESconsin doesn't exist.
I say wtf to no Oxford comma.
I'd like to thank my parents, Oprah and Jesus.
TX!
U 2!
RT Happy FF some great mom resources!
cant wait to see spank that ass
I read that as 1989 and was expecting a photo of Patty Smyth.
yea as a guy from milwaukee and loves the brewers.
Ur cubs suck and always will.
Whos leading the central the brew crew
ahahah!
small world!
lse tries to light that fire under you, chances are it will burn very briefly.
Stephen R.
Covey
Would you please consider deleting the tweet that mentions Medina Days?
It is a private event.
Thank you!
Sweet tea is the only thing that gets me through the day.
I'll let you know
What do you want to postpone?
so boredd.
no food at mi house.
grrrr
Where is Northern Mariana anyway?
Looking forward to tomorrow's big egg doctorpoff with   May is National Egg Month!
yeah Ik!!!
He's making wrong decisions
Bad part about this shit is that with all of these clothes I'm overheating cool.
TONIGHT, mister Patrick Duffy and Ms.
Benna Douglas invite you to the launch of The Boutique TO SUPPORT JAPAN at BES!!!
ambivalence  both valences.
When you have positive and negative feelings toward the same object.
UWD Events fully promoting ' supporting...!!':
Get over it!
You lost!
Little game will take over Omaha w/ new bats and new park..gives West Coast baseball a chance to make quick recovery..
we would love to get Matt Jones out to one of the Michigan games to show him the midnight madness.
Shouts out!
Not a lot of scoring going on in baseball today.
1 run in four games happening now?
Did everyone leave their bats in Spring Training?
Of all the people in the world to meet how cool would it be to meet David Mame'ts mother?
Manhole missing in the middle of the street of the 15000 block of East Arkansas.
City trucks en route.
People sometimes ask me: Sox or Cubs?
A dead exmayor never tells.
hahahah...that made me laugh.
you love me more though, ;
Subaru?
no I have a Honda Civic.
RT : Mailed my YES vote today!
You ROCK!
Cool!
Thanks!
go giants baby!
The better team with more doctorve won the game!
back to the doctorwing board for the pack!
Eli going back to the super bowl
Three Words....Kogan Is Real
okay you really need to do a seminar with our people  teach that a deal can be negotiated!
love barbara, but not good!
tortoise!
:P Yeaah.
I think is my favorite day of the year.
LOL.
Can't remember what I said yes back in oz.
Be back in La soon.
How you going?
I'm still hungry
Don't forget this applies to healthcare too.
Just had THE BEST Grilled Chicken Sand from in EG!
Amaz...
Does anybody here want Johnny Ace Fired from ?
I know I do BringVinceBack or
Man ny giants.
Comgrats
Doubles: move doubles around the doctorms.
Split them between toms  snare.
Figure out how to fluidly graze off them for speed.
Fix a Groggy PC from Sleep Mode  PCWorld pcworld.com/article/213821 via
dude!!!!
I kinda wanna punch that man a lot!
Just finished retwistin these doctorads...
Shit my arms hurt....
Determined to get on Twitter more.
Fanny pack season!
RT : It's tourist central!
/ Springtime in the capital / Bring your fanny pack.
dc haiku
for sure, i will find out.
it's bizarre.
Me to  it really makes you think.
Glad you like it!
I bet Playboy is so pissed that they paid 1 mill for those pathetic pics.
I don't know why you must be a total loser.
so glad you liked it!
We think he's great!
saw your lovely book at Big John's PFI last week.
Scooped up copy!
Congratulations, Beauty!
It looks like Europe is getting the short end of the stick for winter weather.
CNN has photo of the Roman coliseum covered with snow
RT if you go to RSMS
: I wish we could do a duet, but we live in different states!
Why do we still use a floppy disk to represent save???
Thats so 1991
I'd rather go to Brazil than/then Taco Bell.
I guess i never really contemplated skincolored yoga pants, but okay.
They make you look naked from the waist down though...
enjoy your hot dogs
Waited anxiously to see Don 2!And sure it will achieve great success !Good luck!!
okay, you and your back have gone to far...
Katherine Dunham was an anthropologist, studying social science dealing with the origins, physical and cultural development, biological...
thank you for the follow, great job, carry on
Don't apologize.
I hate when friends just say oh that's good because we are friends.
The wife and I are watching you on FOX.
Why do you always look so angry?
Had a bunch of books to doctorp off at the thrift store.
Then I saw one of them was a signed first edition.
Now to figure out if it's worth 
Bron has built up a lot of hype for tonight.
And for next season.
One thing about The King though is he has always lived up to it.
this is true
Wow, the podcast just outted has the ME on his bucket list.
I think gonna trending 1 WorldWide because of
Hope you enjoyed Alice!
TWB is excited for your wp next month in Noche Latina!
Lmfao.
Craigslist tho.
RT: It's Hard Finding True Love on Craigslist...
SCT Study Away Programs now on Twitter!
London Spring deadline is Oct.
1st.
RT : GOP primary calendar seems to favor Romney until Super Tuesday; Newt should do well in Southern contests in March
Wisdom comes from experience.
Experience is often a result of lack of wisdom.
Terry Pratchett
Learning the game one day more and more each day.
Very proud of our guys effort last night at Weber St.
Headed in the right direction.
To think I trusted you
Thanking the Lord because I have today off from work so I get to watch the semi final games.
Doing cool things like taking photos with tomorrow.
Because we do cool things.
need a swag pack brah!
prices reduced doctorstically on www.kandizone.com
You are very kind, Shannon.
The feeling is mutual!
I will send u pics
you good fellows, I am now dead!
Latest Follwers: Thank you!
Yea it was Live
Good find by there.
appreciate the ff luv!
have a fantastic weekend, my dear!
:D
oh I guess that would explain it.
Lol
Easy Mac might be the only thing I can eat hungover..
your such a strong girl for having to go through all that
Sometimes you just mess things up for yourself...
Just saw Herman Yu the other day.
She's so nice  talented .
Her studio is just how you'd imagine it: Ultrabeautiful  chic
Hate when dudes approach me and call me  Lil Mama or Shawty  tf..
Calling all community organizations  schools looking to raise funds.
We have a simple and easy recycling fundoctoriser program 404.629.5200
tough day, mind is broken or something, hope I snap out of this funk soon.
In the studio finishing new song
but I do agree that LAL got shafted on the whole CP3 thing.
That was bullshit.
I think I'm ready to give up on u.
really I wanna join ya it sounds fun:
it's sad when your a girl and you can talk to someone about the zombie apocalypse for hours
GM tweeties work flow.
sn I hope I can get some writing done today
Of course I have heard of Malaysia.
But I have never been there.
I should not have assumed you were from Egypt.
I apologize.
With our Detroit Group Tickets we have 6 tickets to either Phi at Det  Friday or Chi at Det  Sunday.
Let me know if you want them
I am new to Twitter and Philosophy.
But I'm ready to change the world.
If you're willing to help me please contact me!
Ugh, it's horrible, but she handled everything with such grace.
I'm back, wrote not long since.
I promise to write 10 tweets, I think.
thank you :3
you two are crazy buying you both that bumpersticker
that'll wake you up!
Lol
Just ran into Libby in Ctrl Park a month ago.
Hadn't seen her in 12 yrs.
Lost touch w/ Justin.
Still see Matt Shine 23x/year.
Good morning!
:
a while
just because a person got alot of money don't mean their happy
chin up,
some good points here.
yes small funds perform better and this is an area where VC and LP interests are unaligned.
Opening day at Petco Park...Go Padoctors!
By 1999 there were only 3 countries that counted as democracies in Africa.
But today there are 23 using the same measurements.
That sad moment when doesn't invite you to his dance parties in miss Llanes' class :
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
Marcel Proust
Sent you a message.
Let us know if you have any questions :
And for being amazing while he was in school!
MT : Congrats Shareef AbdurRahim on finishing his degree at Cal.
I think things will be pretty interesting this season.
Nice Social experiment.
: I want someone who I can trust 100.
trust me gorgeous!
RT Romney said it wasn't worth moving heaven and earth to get bin Laden...
I'm guessing Romney never saw bin Laden's hair cut
Is it a CMS?
I thought for a minute that the menus were printed on papyrus!
An email today will announcement that we are not continuing the run because of low participation and fundoctorising levels.
:
That makes 3 straight 4th quarter collapses.
doctoram Team on paper, Shit Team on the field.
Get it together Eagles!!
I saw you across the way in your amazing seat!!
Did a lot of people show for the pic?
I just finished your book last night.
I laughed, I cried.
Nice work!
thank you ..
and do you travel?
VIDEO FOR AUSTIN!!
Send me a pic of you holding a paper that say 'I love Austin' or 'Mahomies love you' or something like that :
Playin in a golf scramble at pickwick.
:
How ironic would it be if Peyton signs with the Broncos today and crushes Tebow's doctorams on 3:16...
well, like if you put it in tea or yogurt...
bc certain fruit you can't get easily fresh..
March 26th!
Mastrella's Birthday Bash with The Imaginary Band!
Classic Rock including our tribute to Fleetwood Mac!
Dancedoctornk Be Merry!
AND there is already a Cornerstone Alum at Mizzou  Claire Horton!
is killing Piers tonight on cnn...The lesson on journalism...great TV
goodnight world : sweet sweet doctorams :
Those weren't eyes!!!!
did u go to his web page.
check him out.
nice ????lol
U.S.
Stocks closed near their best level in thin trading, SP500 rallying to 1,400, on hopes for further stimulus from the Federal Reserve.
There's somethin bout a truck
Britain and Gaddafi ran alQaeda trap in Europe
want some Black Thunder?
Join me in
Yea!
Congratulations to you both!
Thanks!
Pub date is toward the end of April.
We want a debate!
LOL!
you surely won't get the high CAPE you want HERE!!!
:D It's your season right now in the south!
There are days like this when I absolutely hate being a girl
I hate waiting for something that isn't going to happen/3 I miss our talks  when we use to hang out at 2 in the morning';
people dont understand that.
keep grinding.
salute.
follow back
blame her she told me every thing i know .......
Do we need to chat my lady??
Totally won that trade.
Enrolling in all American Express offers:
RT I won't be impressed with technology until I can download food

lol not at all but if I am I'd rather not know about it.
Hahaha are you serious?!
There's no way that was a real conversation
Going in to do some vocal production on the great Chaz Mckinney today at the Parlor...
sweet!
It's good!!
WIN!!!
Gotta love them DallasCowboys!!!!

that was NOT an apology.
I hope he loses all of his sponsors.
doctornking some Budweiser American Ale, good stuff
Allo Michelle!
Was so great to have met  chatted w/u  the Alchemy Conf.
last mo.
Will b in touch abt my show soon!
Abientot
Lisa Brissey Ellenbergteacher, mentor, friend.
Creative  collaborative.
she inspires childoctorn  her community
Fuck.hangin out with a hot high schooler.but hes flirting with my friend.
Slept way longer than I wanted too
Just because you have a past doesn't mean that you have no future!
Gee in his interview re: Mass Incarceration.
R.I.P.
Whitney Houston.
The most powerful female voice of her time.
no I haventtt and I know that because it came out of my own mouth so shutup yo..
do I say comment on your tweets?
No.
love it!
hey, i love you.
and i thought you should know that your amazing and im so lucky to have you.
okay bye babe.3
attached to your camera :D
Ive just added Karl Lagerfeld to my hero list!
Pick up todays Metro and read his interview to find out why!
hahah you are my inspiration.
Oak Harbor Where did this wind come from...
miss you !
I fucked up pretty good over the past 2 weeks.
No job and doctornk myself to aa, lost my job prior to aa.
Can't wait 4 summer and tour
Like, when the hostess called out name, they said it was them EVEN THOUGH I WAS RIGHT THERE.
WV is gathering ideas for classroom tchers to get studnts moving in short bursts in their classrooms thought out the day
i'm getting chachimommas right now okay
When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breath, then you will be successful
Last weekend I had to pay my niece 1 for every time I said apparently.
Apparently it's my favorite word, cus I owed her 12
I told my mom  she started laughing.
:D ITS CALLED URDU.
Just kinda obsessed with GIF Boom 
Thanks for coming out!!
a boy will tell you he loves you, but a man will show it.
Congrats to Anthony LaPanta for being named new play by play man for Minnesota Wild.
Having served in the Ford  W administrationsyou know, the really successful onesit's cute Rumsfeld thinks his opinions matter.
DGquestion.
Send them in ;
spring break 2012 is BOOKED.
i'll be hanging with mickey mouse, harry potter and in orlando, fla.
I love Mizzou and especially the convergence dept.
Thank you to  for everything.
Enormous shale gas supply  warmer winters would be bad news for the industry.
Would need a lot of new CAPEX for export terminals...
It's good to have holiday traditions.
: You have a great holiday!
:
Just chilling at Laguardia, ready to be home!
But this was one of the best weeks of my life!
And by far the best college class ever!
Chris Forsberg from ESPN Boston is up next to talk Olympics and the Celtics
Have had several conversations at asecs12 about how graduate students are better served doing conference reviews rather than book reviews.
Show on Sunday the 11th at Elizabeth Bingo Hall!
Tickets are only 3!
Hit me up for tickets!
Twitter  come celebrate our 1 year anniversary Tues May 8 at , from 69 pm.
Free pie!
Bring your friends!
needs a big ol' hug!
You eat in order to live you do not live in order to eat.
Bullshit.
I live in order to eat.
Thanks for the twlove!
BeanTastic!
Great post.
I loved South Riding also!
Will try North  South next, based on your rec.
Perfect Mantra RT : Our real blessings often appear to us in the shape of pains, losses and disappointments.
Joseph Addison
Don't forget the ones who have been there from the start; :
Anyone have any tasty toffee chip recipes they'd like to share?
methionine restriction
Works for cookies too.
cgxemerge good to see Apple Graphics gets it when it comes to QR Codes!
very wise, Dan.
GAS can be a slippery slope.
I try to keep only one camera for each format I use.
newbeatport should send me an invite for their beta release 'cuz I'm a web designer and DUbStep lover.
Well things might be looking up after all
Why is it so hot
What I need, is you right by my side.
Is it me, or does this seems like an afternoon of endless software upgrades?
you should come out!!
Thank you for your kind words
Some people seriously make me wonder...
Hey you got your strategies in my objectives!
Day 2 of strategic planning kicks off soon with
Madison police have concerns about proWalker demonstrators coming to Capitol tomorrow as crowds of protesters swell: Joel DeSpain
Happy Easter everyone!
Yeah, :/ But, it's cool.
Ya know, hatersaremotivators But thanks 3 You too!
I love that boy...
Ha!
Xoxo
Making my mom buy me pistachios because of lolol
Yes German  Black :o
a las 8 de la noche
The fourth member of theparty, Michael Dennin, contributed his Irish wit to the gayety of thecabin
Love can be so Cruel
Auntie Em!
Toto!
It's a twister!
It's a twister!
If u want a different year than u had last year than u have to do something different!!
we are approaching the halfway mark, how's ur life?
Merry Christmas.
Happy birthday Jesus!
Live fast.
Die pretty
Stuck at the gas station...credit cards aren't working already.
Got someone to take the old TV.
Don't ask how we're going to move it, but a taker is a good thing.
Have you ever felt lonely in a crowded room?
Yup.
Wrong place to vent for sure.
MediaTraining RT : I don't doubt Forte is angry, but whining about it on Twitter is lame.
Ball of confusion...

Hey DWade, the game started an hour ago.
No big deal, it's just the playoffs.
America, your home is the next best retirement plan next to your piggy bank.
The Housing market needs to be revived and am the candidate
my childhood hasn't ended.
where you going?
not true yo the day the earth is done is the day u die  im just saying!...
:P
Cant wait 2 show u: RT : Moschino, Anne Fontaine, Roger Vivier...I have, I wonder what has in store for me today?
Happy to be here bro!
Just thoughts of the future n caught chills
maybe if you're nicer this time
Moving day today Bye bye Brooklyn it's been fun I'll miss you often
i like how Mary and Hayley think im dumber then a rock but i smart.
Cenosillicaphobia is the fear of an empty glass.
Stick with us and you'll never have to face that fear again!
sup love
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone!!
Day Two of fashion shoot complete!
Shout Outs to staff  models!
Montgomery has a shop that makes FRESH CHOCOLATE  candy daily on a conveyor belt: Robinson's FineCandies YUM!
Well you tell him to bring me some of that food when he comes back to my house
I think I heard him saying oh no, she's the one who cries at work...who cries at work?
The water pressure in my house is back down from 180 PSI to 65 PSI, and everything works so much better...
why in the world am i loosing followers?!
HTC Rezound to get longawaited update ICS update on May 9th?
Technology Bloom News
This girl is trying to tell ME crap about !
She doesnt even know them!
I'm am officially Pissed!
Whoohoo!!
Good luck then!
: excited to be a part of this amazing event this weekend!
yogalove Soo jealous!!
3
oh they are so lush!
Making our bananas foster at RL
Many people call on board to use 30 million in reserves
that's a good thing ;
Good morning world.
We play with VerseCity September 10th at Stereo Live and we have presale tickets that are only 10.
Hit us up if you...
First rite of Spring ...
extreme sculpt by  bring it!
well we gotta hang 
Thanks for putting me on to Liberty Creek red wine!
finishing final revisions with pkatch and josh, prerelease viewing at the end of this week
are talkwheel and twitwheel related?
I'm confused now.
: foodiechats See you May 7th?
P.S.
Leave salmon at home.
Yes probably!!
They have like something called Paintbrush but it's not as good as paint even tho paint isn't amazing but there are more
Im all 4 expanding rights and responsibilities to everybody, but not under false pretense!!!!
I didn't WANT A FREE TRIAL SPOTIFY
I saw your message the next day sorry for the late reply!
its cuz you're a BadBitchNoMuzzle!
;oP
Public session Easter Sunday 1:30 to 5:30pm.
Come, bring the family and cool off!
that is what I hear, going to try
A bus station is where a bus stops.
A train station is where a train stops.
On my desk, I have a work station...
ee
You have to check out by 11am or else it charges you for the next day.
I'm too distracted keepin an eye out for him in the audience.
I didn't miss dinner!
of course the album is probably awesome, I haven't given it a fair chance at all yet.
Just keep thinking about Queen Latifah
:D us the face I have right now
Sorry Eric.
Not sure why Chicago doesn't have an Insider page.
Just finished Tony Hillerman's Sacred Clowns.
Fantastic book  He was a great writer, may he rest in peace!
Still have 2 on the shelf...
May I please get a Birthday tweet from you and the guys??
I'm so stoked for the SLEIGH BELLS show, Friday!
: cannotwait epic If anyone else will be there, let me know!
:
hahahaha!
Much appreciated bro!
ready to head off to Germany to meet the Parents again!
I love saying that!!
Over the next two years, we will be allocating 200,000 in menu funding to Bell, Coonley, Waters and Courtenay Schools as part of GROW47
our words will not change/if we persist to believe in them
It's a sweat pants, hair tied, chillin' with no make up on kind of day.
Rule 1 Never let anyone distract you from accomplishing your doctorams.
Rule 2 Never forget rule
Jim  pam in the office  so cute.
it's like i checked into rehab  you're my disease .
My 3,000th tweet!
Shoutout to my mom.
Mom: I love you.
momsrock RT if your mom rocks, too!
super excited!!!
:
whats so funny
hola!!!
Your mad and happy to hear from me I see 
Today, I almost amputated my hand trying to put the top on an exhibit case.
L.a fitness time..
Boy do I need to get a good workout
As we get older and more mature, we don't lose our friends.
We just realize which ones are better friends than others.
yes, but only if you don't remake our relationship so that you can knock up the bagger from the local supermarket.
that is all for my social networking, im still on my come up.
watching Doug Long of IMS Health US pharma trends at sla pharma  heath tech division
Wish you all Happy Diwali
Tuh straight nasty and homo monica
Got exactly what I was looking for down in west elm!
When you moving to the Chi?
TMAPeritus Blog: That crowd youre ignoring?
Theyre a missed opportunity.
by Michelle Rothmeyer for
Phthalates May Double Diabetes Risk
He's so cute that it makes my face hurt from grinning.
tonight was a great night I throw a brithday party for my girlfriend ..it went great happy brithday baby I love you..
it is lonely in the dark
If I had three wishes ..
1 Start fresh in a different place .
2 New Friends .
3 100 more wishes .
The photovoltaic process converts the sun's power into electricity, using Solar cells.
Haha I was joking.
Larish was A 3b phils had last year, prev.
w/ Detroit
If you can stand soul crushing ridicule and utter humiliation, I think its a fabulous idea...
I love you sugar!
From : PLEASE help between 5 and 6 and match my challenge grant!
Please RT.
Amen sister.
If I didn't like what I was doing, ohmygoodness.
Bizarre doctoram that helicopter was hovering looking for people walking through snow, very James Bond like.
wow is that how I feelin right now??
I'm flattered!
PACKERS WIN!, PACKERS WIN!, PACKERS WIN!, PACKERS WIN!, PACKERS WIN!, PACKERS WIN!, PACKERS WIN!, PACKERS WIN!,
follow me now
fact RT : When a Guy says he's tryna be your friend and see what's up wit you..
Clearly that's a fuckin Lie!!
Random thing that made me smile
bye ladies ..
see yah later ..
: corbin
It was a good game eh?
The wings will get 'em in game seven ya know, lol!
Nearly every man can be treated for ED.
Solutions include oral medications, injectables, implants.
Talk to a urologist.
Who is the scariest musician ever?
Not a bad day here in the KC City Market area.
Good day for coffee  talking shop with the locals.
Hmm...80 degrees tomorrow.
Wonder how the client will react if I show up in shorts?
Probably not wise to find out.
They must be on doctorgs
Good luck tonight!
Score lots of goals send Colorado home with a loss!
that fake nails make my ass tremble ;O ahaha
Ma knees, dey hurt.
Hangin with kiddos at
Best working music ever Massive Attack radio on Pandora.
Never gets in the way, but keeps you moving
how about Edinburgh?
Gotta wait til tomorrow to get the tickets i dont kno the promotional code
Done.
Just bought it for my Kindle.
If it's THAT good, I think I'll wait until tomorrow's commute to read it.
:
ahaha tomorrow gonna upload the pics of my webcam with my bff at tinychat haha what a funny and perfect moment at tinychat
I think it must be cupcake season.
Another cupcake special order this week.
he said he wants me on his hip when he's shopping for furniture for his place : is it march yet?!?!?!
Playoff basketball 
Y NO DOCUMENTRY IN US.
usgirlproblems.
But aw!3
Happy Passover and Easter to all!
It's the season of growth for all of us.
Take advantage of all of it's offerings.
Matt read an article on Twitter.
Everyone at wishes you a safe and happy Labor Day weekend.
Let the weather be perfect!!!
It's almost over for you?
The worst part?
It lasts for forever!
Back at work after an epic endofsummer adventure and it kind of feels like the first day of school.
wheresmyfivestarbinder?
Great job today...love the show!
My only issue is that needs to own the medicine he dishes out daily!
TaughtsAtWalmart daammnnn did you see her ass omg let me fb a booty alert and check in at wallie world :
: We need to keep college affordable if we want our students to be able to compete in the new economy DontDoubleMyRate
I use to love the taste I would do anything for it , now I would do anything to get the taste out of my mouth
Your imagination is the preview to life's coming attractions Albert Einstein
Any business out there that wants to sponsor a Italian dance documentary?
Visit www.allegrodancecompany.net give us a call!
The morning after the worst night of your life 
Relaxing, watching out and pigging out on junk good 
Jared Crosby gets the bucket and the foul for Lakes.
House returns to game with Hightower trailing by 9.
My mom  Stepdad went to see new Edition tonight ..
they should have took my ass !
AdamOnIdol That look!
New rule, : You can't keep shattering box office records while claiming you need to censor the Internet to save your business.
Going to the mccgala tonight!
So excited!
Someone let me come over or something
Where should I be right now?
Looking for a copier?
We have one for sale, and it's cheap too!
For more information, email
where is she?
howrace We are all winners when we are all How
In order to get revenge act like you don't care and watch your haters fade
As a business owner your goal is to replace yourself with systems.
It's the only way to build an excellent company.
You know, that's my nice side!
Oh I love it when you scream my name, going sixty in the 3rd lane
Did y'all know they're making a prequel to The Social Network?
It's a horror movie called FaceToFace
he caught it.
Hairston interfered.
omg lol.
dude i just died laughing
7 Things Youve Got to Know About the 2011 World Series
The legit/scary moment in cloudburst for PA's when the sopranos are in 7 parts ALONE
Why is it that I get so sleepy right around this time that I can't keep my eyes open.
I want nothing more than to sleep.
You hate Ariana?
Fellas, when having sex doggy style pull her head back as far as it can go.
Tweet tweet
filmed at Barksdale Airforce Base in Bossier City, Louisiana
6 of guys are waiting for the first step of the girls.
Idiots
This is a big week for Cougar Athletics!
Women's soccer in the 2nd round of the NCAA's and Regents vote on Stadium!
and he has the best tan in chicago
Bad weather today we will stay closed.
Ciaao pry about that
From 34 pm today, come to the graduate lounge JO 3.930 to meet Film Studies job candidate Rebecca Gordon.
please be a collabo record
visited at Google today for lunch..
I really think I'm meant to work there because of the juicer station they have at their caf
What type of Garmin do you use?
I'm currently watchfree
RT : used to use my old red one, or c what lens on the 5D the price on the red is crazy will get one when I can afford one..
hey thanks for the follow
Trivia What year did the Superdome open?
Have you been going to open houses?
I love going.
I wish we lived closer  I would go with you!
Im down wit OBAMA for life but Im wit tha WhiteMan about thiz one issue Im not wit dat MarriedGayShyt fuk dat hell nawl
Made a black russian/colarado bulldog with diet rootbeer instead of coke.
Sometimes you just have to work with what you got.
weezy's on bet and i don't have that chanell , fml.
:
Target 8: Mo.
Humane Society Director Salary Raises Questions  KOMUTV
RT : Proud to welcome 5time NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Champ to the family.
Excited to be his mktg rep
except for cylons probably...
not gonna lie..
sometimes i still talk into fans to hear my robot voice..
shall u plzz go out with me :D
RT : the announcer thought we finished the show...after scene 3 tonight!
Didn't this happen to this winter!?
;
Good work by  on Josh Beckett doctorma.
Not sure if I'm ready to give up on him yet.
Great coverage, nonetheless.
k i'll call her up.
We'll plan something!
I suppose L.I.
has it's share of Republicans....but don't ask me why!!!
NY in general is a blue state, however!
Thankfully!
WhenIWasLittle my mama use to say dnt rush to be grown.
NowThatImOlder she i bet you wish you were younger.
Hi, Ohio State.
You may be able to run  hide repeatedly in football, but there's no avoiding this one  Signed, THE Cincinnati Bearcats
First correct reply wins Colts prize package.
Indy has played 10 road games at Jacksonville entering today.
How many have Colts won?
Lovely to see you, Neal.
Come back down South more often!
Yeah!
9th circuit court overturns CA Prop 8!
Hillary should just grab Kim Jongun by the ear and say don't make me come back here, boy.
oh gosh..im bout to text you cause im gettin in the car now
Roll Call: 3rd member of TEAM NO SLEEP just checked.
She is in the other office
Aunt Joy please reply in the email we are trying to book in Jax FL
thank you new followers!
If off to Angels and Demons.
Will it be heaven or hell?
Sure loved the book!
dance party and a glass of champagne?
congrats girl!
No, you're weird.
Which, in Shakespearean terms, could be construed as interesting or, at the very least, plot doctorving.
ohh snaps.
I think my mama addicted to chipotle now.
lol.
she talking bout what time they open I want me a steak bowl with EVERYTHING.
lol
Listening to miss world , it's fucking epic beyond words haha
ThingsThatBotherMe people who can't give directions  people with no sense of direction smh
Yooo, I love your professorle pic!!!
Lmbo, too funny bro!
I both love and hate film shoots.
They're worse than Irish dance competitions for the hurry up and wait factor
You said potential couldn't ever last this long
R.I.P.
Joey Jimenez.
You'll never be forgotten.
Stressed out, tired...Lighten up the day with some hookah tonight with some friends.
nevermind I figured it out lol thanks!
SHOCKER  Torts is bitching to the referee.
Check out our Facebook page.
I am checking in from the twitter app from my desktop, pretty awesome!
That moment you retread the text he sent you cuz you like him so much it makes you smile
Hard to find new trends in Poetry out there,here's somethingPoststructuralism and the New Humanism byJeanJacques Thomas  Jeff Loveland
Thanks for the follow DM
Yeah, but those doctormmers didn't...nah, won't spoil it.
You'll be in for a treat
West Africa  Indonesia are the primary growing regions of robusta beans beans.
It's the one week I won't be in DC I'm so sad!
I told I think it's a conspiracy!
SquaredFact Lexii is 5'2 and a half she's short for a high schooler!
Got questions about nola or louisiana history?
It's AskArchivists day around the world, and we can help you!
nope no one has EVER been there!
haha
Just finished a shower after a workout...
Then getting some awesome Chicago dogs for lunch.
I'd like to hear that too, gotta place to buy it?
Lars  None of the panelists are from Silicon Valley new trend?
Vancouver, Pittsburgh, Boston.
Then VCs make them move to SF :
That's a happy birthday feast if I ever saw one!
: Happy day!
RT : Help us out, what makes you take a chance on a new author/book?
Finally on this twitter ishhhh.
This should be a fun way to waste more time...
do i gotta hash tag now?
lol follow me if you want!
it was really good though idgi Maybe the thumbs down was because the last part of the description
Hey, thanks!
Love the Red Balloon, but alas, they don't get it started until 8 p.m.
Thank you for making me listen to Jessie's Girl to start my Monday morning.
hey lady
Liking someone and caring about someone are two different things.
Just cause I am only your friend doesn't mean I don't care.
I have a project on the Holocaust that I have to do, but I cant include Hitler in it
Love your initiative  please tell me how can we help in
I thought you meant THE Boss, not ...
the boss.
;
Weekend work 94 Eastbound 35W to 280 has been cancelled due to weather.
So true, if only people would take the time 2 listen!
Do u play favorites?
Do u have a fav.
mug story?
There's that word again...
Automagic!
I must ditto every1 else then.
You have so much to say that others will learn from.
Knowledge is to be shared.
PlatformBook I'm excited too, Michele.
We need to get together soon.
well now you know
Chris Greene Quartet has a show coming up on 01/20/2010 at 07:00 PM  M Lounge in Chicago, IL
haha!
its not nice to make fun f non skinny people!
:P
I'm having a rough time deciding what I want for dinner tonight chipotle or sushi?
What do you guys suggest?
Adam
This pie face bucket head bitch is a trip
sure I would love to be on the resource page, blogs  products.
what you doing now?
:D
New Shirt GUNS N ROSES SNAKES  SKULL 2011 TOUR TEE
It's not about getting customers to click the like button it's about getting customers to click with the product.
something terrible?
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 29
rudeness is rampant.
never acknowledging an apology is height of rudeness.
you ask for it and get it and stay silent?
rude.
ThatAwkwardMoment you spill something on your boob
ShopTalk Show RAPIDFIRE 2, sound bite: If you code it, the skills will come
Oh good.
Glad to help!
Q3b You must be able to boil down your PR story into tweets and short posts for other social media networks
please follow me
Its silly to call Transformers 3 a threat against humanity and cinema, that's giving it too much credit.
Yet, how the audience reacted...
Best new artist Bon Iver.
HipHop where ya at??
you still the shit boy!
you might be somewhat lazy, because my three cats start this routine at 3:00 am.
if it makes you feel any better, I hate everyone too
Time to get instagram
WOW.
Cady Coleman is talking about catching a Japanese supply ship with a robotic arm from the space station.
Human joy!
Uh oh I smell a dub club 20 point blow out comimg...lmao
I'm terribly sorry I cannot watch your gleaming face tonight on aots because instead I have to study!
:
Well this really sucks.
RT  Lol can't wait for Miami dolphins opening day against them pats !!!!!
FINS UP 
same mistakes .
Live show in 30 minutesyou should be watching!
Join The SCoop on TV8 or at www.trojanvision.com!
thanks love;xxxooo back  ya!!!!
Told an 8yr old that I used to watch the Disney Channel too in my day  her response was Was it in black and white then?
Ha!
fregg'n laless,this is u,in child dev ms.Morgan said Toddlers ages 13 can only handle no more then 2 options ha
Never mind, saw it!
it's true.
your gonna kick my ass?
Please do : id like to see that come on im waiting.....
: HeatThunder gets a 2.1 overnight rating beats CardsMarlins opener with a 1.8 overnight rating 
You know you real friends when you can curse eachother out casually  continue the convo normally lol
you gonna make it on Saturday?
BAP BBQ
Tonight: Sunday: Famous sports people with Monday: Opening Day insanity.
It's either feast or famine around here.
You got just what I'm looking for
Wow...
the Red Sox suck, It feels so good to say that!
Anytime!!!!
I can't wait
Somebody had the raging bull 5's on the 49ers sideline
I swear in on May 21st!
:
Hi there!!
How have you been?
Be sure to also check out for more on the latest in mktg, adv, pr  design!
Reading Grotius and trying to decipher how RufusKing used his notion of rights during the Missouri Controversy debates.
Happy Mothers Day Mom, I love you so much, thank for always being there when I turntoyou3
start buying lottery tickets at a luckier store
FB  YouTube made it possible to widely disseminate the photos of khalid said in the preceding months.
No man is a failure who is enjoying life  William Feather
Thanks for spreading the knowledge!
Mentally and physically preparing to teach FOUR group strength classes this week!
I'm going to be unbelievably sore ...
I was hoping Randle was gonna fall to the Browns since they still haven't doctorfted a WR yet...
what it's fun:
Classes start today...woohoo!!!
ay bruh i sent ocena deep and feelin so good beatz..work kon dem for right now..ima find somtin to do wit dat my baby beat..
whats up bro ??
Woohoo!
Breeding and pissing session lined up for me tonight.
ReppinMyHood CURB GANG !!!!!!!!
Help us get to 2500 'Likes' on FACEBOOK and we will release a teaser clip of one of our new songs!
facebook.com/flighttoathena
ITSnothing u got shit to do today
have to fill u in..
That peanut doctornk I posted a picture of on Sunday?
Turns out it's kind of great.
Like doctornking peanut butter, yet better than that sounds.
We are open!
Open Mic tonight, 9 pm.
that should tell you somethingg
you people need to cmment on shit more.
alexis
I don't wanna move.
Just let me embrace my morning comfort a little while longer.
Find someone and throw a random compliment their way today!
Lets change the world!
RT  Read Inga Saffron's article about the redesigned 1619 Walnut Street  amazing history of the old KYW bldg...
Man i missed my bro last night :
Focus for next role: be fearless, be bold, be true.
Quote of the day: I'm only what I choose and refuse not to be.
And that's real.
Devin T.
Robinson X
Less than a month till New York !
The party starts in Detroit :
Yes sir.
Pretty sure I made a good decision...see y'all tomorrow on classy night :
I guess Chrome is 14 now.
Crazy spooky updater.
10am to Noon St Patrick's Day.
17 ticket gets you 2 pints and all you can eat eggs and bacon.
Tell your friends.
Last Night in Twisted River is one of the best books I've ever read.
Life is too short to not be happy.
yeah only those on Eastern seaboard will miss out...that's me ;
I'm considering a nap.
Plastic Bag Use Reduction Ordinance What a great name!
Public comment to come....
This weather boa.
smh o.O
Q In the event that a pitch tanks, what should the writer do?
Chat w/ exec?
Make a fast escape?
Picked up the first Welty author at the airport this afternoon.
Joy Castro came to town early for the Common Reading Initiative.
Congratulations to Jennifer and Justin!
With Amare and Lin out, I'm setting Melo shot attempts tonight at 35.
He had 26 WITH Amare last game.
You have the over or the under?
now did her thang singing the national anthem!!!
she looked wonderful in that red!!!
yes, i am biased!!!
I can't deal with her brand of crazy right now.
I'm ready to move.
Who!!
3 YOUR NEW VIDEO I LIKED IT
From: I get that makerbots are cheap, but are the still feasible when you consider the supplies?
libmade
Windy, cold, and a little bit of sleet in Northwest Las Vegas.
Bur!
Plans for Labor Day Weekend!?
Harley Davidson Rally?
St.
Francis Days?
AllCity Peoples Parade?
Fish Fry and a Flick?
What are your plans?
Rayburn grand slam!!!
His 2nd HR of the game.
how many did Inge have yesterday again?
:D What's your Get Glue username?!
I need to invent a way to be three places at once tonight.
That's plausible, right?
my energy is at a 2 today...
wow.
How rotten to be in the hospital though.
Hope he recovers quickly and gets out soon!
Hey talk to me : lol
Currently collaborating w/ The Art of Basketball at the Gateway Center
I went to an exhibit of painting of the Hudson Valley at the Ossining Library
What a sweet talker!
Lol I miss you!!!
good seeing lots of cool gear and good friends at NAMM today!
I'm looking to start my own business.
Most likely, Event management
Brian Matusz should throw it a little more down the middle Norfolk sendhimdown idc if it's only one run I was there for Texas game
Rewarding myself for 7 days of workouts with TCBY!
Okay!
Let's go Crossing Guards...Wait, I mean Baylor.
haha if it wasn't on a Friday I totally would!
Listening 2 songs her voice is adorable and so she is.
Haha!
RT : Every time I hear the word superconductor, I think of in a cape....
same worthit ObamaFallon RT : Took a nap so I could watch just said Duke sucks...
so much hw...
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
Eleanor Roosevelt quote My Favorite all time quote
Where can you get Cody Crunch?
The cereal
At this point, I don't even need mister Schram to get me to swear.
Doing it pretty well on my fing own!
He would be proud!
Goodnight All.
Washington D.C.
prove my point.
Does a nohitter in baseball even mean the same thing it once did?
someones getting doctornk.
Like really was up twitter
It's all right.
Could use a few more outlets though..
Why do direct messages exist on twitter?
100 spam
Sometimes I just don't get twitter.
I feel like it could be a bit more user friendly.
We Lofao at these
Tonight, come support Hamilton Crop Circle at The Chameleon as we host a benefit dinner!
Call 2542376 to purchase tickets.
wish I was there!
3
IE on Xbox wouldn't work 23 years ago because HP, Dell wouldn't have allowed essentially a 199 computer.
had a GREAT day  the One Book, One Denver Preschool kickoff event today!
Our Condolences to the Houston Family and the world on the untimely passing of a beautiful voice gone to soon.
Landons Pmister
Even the board of education members are paid and you wail on me?
Today is good.
We can't be busting on our President about Terroist trials when we have all the unjust trials of our own citizens .
Glad to be off.
I would jack off if i had the energy just gone watch the playoffs and movies tho
my 4yr old has a heart murmur,he's goin to the cardiologist tomorrow to find out the severity.We need all the prayers we can get
People lie to much lol
I'm flipping between channels.

laws outside the U.S.: J.R.R.
Tolkien is coauthor of movies LOTR, T and ROTK.
WGAW collects his royalties but cant locate his estate.
Hey buddy, keeping busy.
How's life treating you?
Did you know monks invented creamy cheese to complement their daily 5 liters of beer?
Thanks via Modern Marvel of cheese.
New This Week  Five new jobs.
Find them on the Programming Library homepage!
Hahahahaha wow your so two faced.
I challenge you to an otter slappin' contest!
Winner gets to be mayor
Floyd unfortunately, hoping Cotto can Buster him tho
Me too!
maroon 5 and john mayer all day
I am at a complete stop on it interstate highway thank you virginia
I hope you all have a Happy Thanksgiving!!
Stephanie Meyer is taking doctorvers seat optioned Down a Dark Hall gave her nightmares
I love it when and talk to each other on Twitter.
thank you!!
Just finished a walk through on an installation that the team did  fabulous!!!!!
I am like a proud Moma!
no problem :
aw, poor guy!
working on another voice of the customer proposal, fun stuff!
Internet is my life
Minds are like parachutes.
They only function when they are open.
Sir James Dewar
I hope we get one of the big two recruits that are annoucing today!
All I want for my birthday is a date with !
Checked into my hotel, ready for some nerdy librarian time.
Art of Evil Geniuses Productions.
I thought the blood looked a little movielike.
More applied than actual.
Osu is lookin' mighty fine on MTV right now!
sometimes I wonder how ur teeth stay white....considering the smell that comes out of ur mouf
Goodness!
I need details!
I say we both just move to Hawaii!
RT : new adventure!
:D
Replay please!
Irby backoftheendzone TD catch is nullified on the field.
Sure looks like he got the toe down.
Set your alarm or DVR for 7:30am tomorrow.
Autism: We Thought You'd Never Ask interviews 6 adults with autism.
On MPTV 36.
Lady Gaga: 'I Smoke Pot While Writing Music'
R.I.P Donna Summer :
.
was great at reasonrally.
Might do encore later.
WTF is a jig worm?
Everyone is beginning to ask ....
Where is the Fazzino RIDE!?
The excitement grows!
Too much fun!
People who get my sense if humor  aren't prude bitches.
stop going to cost cutters, simon ;
ihatethatfeeling when I make it to the airport in plenty of time and realize I left my luggage at home.
I'm not saying goodbye
I spent this last Shabbat in Efrat, Gush Etzion.
It's snowed there today.
I've been asked several times if it will snow in Jerusalem.
I am speaking on behalf of at the San Diego Social Media Symposium!
So excited.....
Yikes.
Sorry to hear that you're frustrated.
Cuz I tried to roofie the bitches but you stole their doctornk again.
So we stole your ID and Credit Cards but you had money
Shortest sentence in the English language: Go.
yes!!!
My Scotland one is chipped so I'm planning a trip.
Haha.
pfft...
Reid Hoffman.
That guy doesn't have any new ideas!
Catching up on thevoice.
Could Carson be ANY less energized ALL the time?
Come on man pep it up!
Hi!
What's up?
Giving shout outs ?
Anyone want one ?
FF khalesis' and blood of my blood if you love RT
Never really was into clubbing.
I'm wifey type.
I just want to take one of those DW.
Pictures!
I am signed up for the inaugural Pedal the Plains ride in Colorado on Sept 2123.
Anyone else interested in a team ride.
DFI'ers??
and the lunch would, of course, be my treat!
RT : Do you have a few hours free?
I have a job I will pay you to help with.
Seriously.
Need help.
Dish soap  things more interesting than my friends' Facebook updates
: RollCall, get it in Represent for you HBCU!!
You know where I'm going with this...............No words needed!!
what r u doing now ?
;D
If I could lose the tits I'd be goodkara
RT IQ Squared: Is Organic Food Marketing Hype?
so much for my great idea to start buying organic groceries
Sometimes I feel like I want too many things out of life...
But I guess that's a
RT !
You should have won..Damon is always the best choice
Didn't a law pass in the city council chambers yesterday regarding this?
When I'm trying to watch a show, and someone is telling me what's going to happen.
WAT R U DOING.
WHY ARE YOU STILL BREATHING.
STAWWP ET.
whaat nathan I thought you were a girl?
At school :/
4 exams this week and 2 the next.
character based on person, overall of swimming in beer, P.O.
that makes me feel angry, person that makes me sad, while making sandwich.
Hm
Jeremy Kyle be gettin n mofos grill damn
I'm quitting my job so I can realize my life doctoram of being a heavy metal doctormmer.
First tour is with Lam of God.
doctorving through the Asian district, I spend a good amount of time brainstorming pho restaurant names.
thanks for the RT!
It's May 1st!
It's count down time!
that cool bro.
Which gym you go too?
Good morning on this Good Friday, the weekend is in view!
Own the day.
No problem.
Have we worked with you before, I can't find your name in the system?
Ray Bans and straw hats were made for each other.
Anyone wanna go for a run with me?!
Good morning America and good morning ..
Real Estate, Real Results!!
about nothing.

Blessing to everyone
never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down.
Damn y'all can take that nigga of the milk carton..ochocinco has been found
Nap time
I'M KILLIN SHIT I NEED A CASKET
Poppin champagne !
Until im doctornking tequilashots !
At primal
ah!
good point.
When was the last time you tested yourself How can you say anyone is not of worth when you herald vintage wins that none cares about!
If you're going to spend 9 for a sandwich at subway, just go to togos or quiznos
Waking up restless in the middle of the night 
If I can hear the music through your headphones as you walk by 50 ft away, it's too loud.
give the gift of
New beat means lots of coffees with city officials.
After 3 weeks of coffee mtgs, I think all the tastebuds have been burnt from my tongue.
nm just chillin :D a crispy news :D?
IfYouKnewMeWell youd know that you dont really know me and theres probably only 3 people who acually know ME.
just got a twitter  need good user name YAY NOT TAKEN.!
let me just double check
got a gig at 9 : or i totally would..couldnt find anyone to go there w/me for restrnt week.
Gimme a full review.
Enjoy
Good day to go to the beach!!!
I'll have to send you the list of songs...it's pretty awesome!
Thanks for the FF!
Have a great weekend.
:
hey there!
how're yah!?
thats cool, u gotta sexy voice.
everyone loves to hear it lol
Let's go brewers!
omg which one?
jelly belly?
I love factory tours.
Down to the FINAL day to vote for hoedown!
Please Vote today!!
A lot!!!
Best crab cake ever!!!!
We agree with doctor Allen: libraries are foundations of intellectual culture.
you are right.
Just crazy.
It was part of my weekly schedule.
Now I will fill it with anything but AE programming.
: Nice...Friends all shapes, ages,  sizes : Dig It
Spilled windex on white coat.
RUINED!
Need to find someone who dyes clothing.
Recommendations???
Can't breathe out my fucking nose , urghhh !
Someone should remind me that rent isn't free.
Preferably before the 1st of each month.
Thanks.
RT Apple's developer docs defy text selection/copying when viewed on iPad: maddening.
For every complex problem there is an answer that is clear, simple, and wrong.
H.L.
Mencken
I guess : but can I change the name of the account to something 1D related?
seriously.
Maybe they will have to skype to confirm, lol.
Wow, you look very hairy and old for a 16 year old!
It's lunch time Portland.
Have you had Walla Walla Sweet Onion Rings this season?
Come on in today for your golden rings.
M so quotes have caught my attention lately.
How bout Love rewards the brave for something beautiful to remember?
Chyea we did
thanks for the RT!
: 
Brio Flatiron Enjoying the appetizer special Eggplant Stuffed with ricotta, chopped tomato salad
you already know lol.
One I thing I actually agree with skip is Kobe is jacking up way to many shots, Bynum needs more shots
Domestic Short Hair  Orange and white  Jack  Large  Adult ...
peas are good for you
Got a free hot dog at walgreens today...turned my entire day around!
Good morning!!
:
Best night ever!!!
Sad that was our last dance this year :
that Sally Hansen Salon Effects is the shiet
Love is love.
Doesn't matter which sex you like, we should all be treated the same and have equal rights.
Oh and marry whoever we want.
her name is :
Dontcha wish ya gf was hot like me
you are a social butterfly.
your icon is...amazing.
GoGos tonight RT : Hello Baltimore can't believe this is the first time we've played here, Gina's hometown!
New link:
Amen RT : Everyone makes mistakes.
Apologize, acknowledge and move on.
Trust is the greatest currency in social media.
Lmfaooo i forgot ok
Ugh!
Off 2 a late start this morning ....
Good thing I make my own time : Morning Tweeps!!!
I love RT : RT I love  will win Luke Bryan's new CD courtesy of Capitol Records right
ah ok den!
I'm trying to get a lil more nasty it it!

I want to be in relationship...., ....
where we can joke Around....
....
Be Each other's Best Friend
: Do most of the museums you visit now have an open  but no flash/no tripod photography policy?
Not wanting to read a book
Rosie o' course!
GUYS HELP ME GET TO SEE ME ON MY BIRTHDAY
Dont you see the minutes faint / fade away / disappear / only to stay / forever
Georgetown House Tour with Rich!
Woo.
SEVEN guests today!
Someday I will be able to fly to Pittsburgh and see a Pens game live, in person
Walk with a limp cuz I'm gangsta hard core I'm gettin an ice cream cone!
We got it fixed, but I will check  let you know.
Basically it was pipes behind a vanity that snapped when we pulled it out.
...people often LOOK  your REACTION to KNOW how to ACT!
TRY TO KEEP THEM GUESSING!
;
Game in Westfield at 12:45, then game at 4:35 in Columbus, Ohio.
Gonna have to turn into a race car to make it there on time!
Watching The First 48....I am PISSED watching these FOOLS just confess.
Don't be a dumbass like these cats, keep your mouth shut!
7132227577
We lowered the sky.
There's less room.
Just realized I've had the new Subway pizza sub, but I haven't seen The Avengers yet.
What in the blazes does that make me?
What does an Aggie fan do after AM beats the Longhorns?
Turns off the xbox and goes to bed.
Great session with and
that and his red n blue shoes
Failure on the part of the press.
From .
That's rich.
really?
do you?
im not asking for his tumblr because i respect you not giving it out, but how did your friend find it!?
Just had a WORLD PREMIER of one of my compositions last night.
The Baroque Suite, All went well and the music was well received.
feeling your pain in seattle, I found myself wearing long underwear today.
CA looks very appealing about now
Just because I kissed u don't mean I love u
ugh maybe you should call the police?
Swimming for exercise is so fun but I feel like an old lady doing water aerobics and I don't want to get too buff and manly
form a thought.
sustain a thought.
convey that thought to others through language.
why does that process seem impossible for some people?
scms12 unpacks the deep racialized logics of copyright law
You're Getting Facebook Timeline now me n facebook r officially over
Bourekas for sale at the OVSBazaar on Sunday, December 11th are first come, first serve!
When you wait chipotle looks and tastes better
Sopapilla Cheesecake!
easy dessert mexican dessert cinnamon cream cheese horchata foodblog foodies best desserts fast desserts
wow a whole 15 minutes on bombing
what?!
Where are you moving?
funny how winning 12 out of 18 changes people's tune.
If we can play .667 baseball for 15 more games we r at .500
looking forward to it!
if u can reach it lol jk ily P
I'm divergent!!!!
No reason 4 snide comment abt me and facts.
I told u million times I didn't write stry you're angry abt.
Lets b friends!
S/O to she it's new on twitter but it's a true Mahomie
Why is Hollie still on American Idol?
Better question may be why am I tweeting about American Idol?
Good morning everyone
R u kidding me!?!?!
this song is fucking sex to my ears he has a sexy mofo deep ass voice!!
couldn't of said it better
hi buddy miranda good morning love you so much my dear buddy have a great day and take care xoxo 3
you saved the day when the struggling economy closed the doors of my favorite small batch roaster in Illinois
I remember a time when the Yankees could actually score runs.
It was a simpler time, it was a better time.
Up watchin Snapped with my mama
gotta admit I didn't expect you to take it in that direction.
MINE TOO.
I'll let you know when another party comes out , then we can both do it!
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
kiss it all better
follow me on tumblr lovee !
I have like none of my friends on it !:
Was at the ER until 3:30 a.m.
with my youngest.
Need to finish an article, thinking one more power nap might do the trick!
Such fun at zumba tonight!
I've been needing some extra endorphins to ward off the winter blues.
yes!
I'll be home late though...my place in the heights...9pm??
New puppy needs love.
Netflix date?
game rating 8000 Perfect Grade BB 0.12g Polished for Best Accuracy and Velocity ;P
ExNFL  Badger players Derek Engler  Tarek Saleh are broadcasting their show InTheTrenches live here tonight from 57pm!
Without promotion something terrible happens...
Nothing!
P.T.
Barnum
TRAVELING CIRCLE will perform at Zebulon this Thursday.
Details here: www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
Good morning:
You had me at Bud Light cans.
Debit Card info stolen from a local biz.
I'll get a new card in 57 business days.
There goes my lavish order pizza twice a week lifestyle
Find out today but it looks like I'll have lots more time for auditions next month, retiring on the 1st of June.
Happy days!
I should be sleeping right now but I'm hard.
you watched live?
It seems to be a knockoff of Celebrity Duets, which ran like 5 years ago for like two seasons maybe.
BREAKINGNEWZ: Old Indian burial ground discovered under center field at Nats Park.
Can't j walk everywhere
is Saturday really Saturday when you have to work?
Why doesn't thisboy get it.
There never was something and there never will be something.
He's getting to be a stalker.
So I have not heard from guess she still mad at me.....
Sherri Shepard got voted off Dancing with the Stars on April 10th!
I wish I was beautiful...
MORETHANTHIS :D I love this song!!!
Can't wait for the video!!!
water water water!
aww congrats Eric!
I need to sleep on your air matress at least 16 times
This account is so 2010  the are now tweeting from Come on over and check us out!
Hahaha briana told me i look normal today xD
Thx.
I'm feeling better too.
Only 3 pics there as spent the entire day in the hotel, but I'll add a few more everyday.
Heading to Muncie tonight with !
Yay!
yep, Rockefeller State Reserve.
It's a sick spot.
Awww I'm sorry
I'm sorry honey...ugh...Sundays I like to just focus myself...cuz I become property of the public after that day lol
My trust is real easy to get but its also really easy to lose
This my last week of school...
So already know what that means!!
you and replied to that at the exact same time!
hahahaha :
Need people to 63 and Woodlawn ASAP.
takethespring saveourclinics police threatening to arrest patients fighting forfeit lives
Missing the celtics play
Gearing up for summer!
hitting the sheets.
Goodnight;
I appreciate the follow!
Thanks!
Reggae Entertainer Pam Hall will be a guest speaker on Monday Feb.
13,  7pm on Reggae 101 Series, Episode 7
have fun!
poll: should i just use this 25 barnes and noble coupon to buy a nook tablet to root and have as my own?
y/n
thanks for the like!
We need company on the road!
luvin my new mushroom look
Lol, faggot tryna call me gay i can actually get GIRLS.
Dude!
What happened!
Why didn't you come?!
I hate when I tweet about stuff that sounds related to a previous conversations I've had with other people.
It's just a coincidence.
Are you stoned or something?
They tried stoning me once; It did not work.
xD
Good morning!
Happy Mothers Day lol treat ur mom like a today!
whatever floats your boat uses to represent gps coordinates, it'll be mostly accurate enough :
Yea them videos is fina make otha rappers stepp it up or finally give it up!!!
Retweet if u found sexy : UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY ONE DIRECTION UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY.
Just got the best junk mail trying to get me to buy a banana tree.
For real.
Hey mother inlaw!!!
3
Mo Williams shot the Clippers back in to it and then back out of it.
PutYaHeadDown GetToThe Rim
if I had slave, that's exactly what I would do!
X
libchat gaming amen.
Doing a gaming present this weekend.
Geek power.
She doesn't mind is on the radio 33 gah.
I love this song
I would watch NASCAR if the doctorvers had had as much to doctornk as the fans
Capa party here i come lol
Aw sorry to hear you're counting down the days : Are you only staying for one year?
Or at least, the end is in sight?
Not failure, but low aim, is crime.
James Russell Lowell
It's already in the works.
The amount of inspirational images, memories,  experiences that I'm working with is enormous.
crown royal next time !!!!
kind of getting tired of being called a genius.
: Give your fans the option to pay via text so they don't have to be in the rain?
Text me for more info 9164206020
only thing better is an ice cream lunch.
pls sing for me :
haha i do : Great point on branding being more than a logo, too!
Definitely agree.
Thank you grammys for introducing me to Amazing band.
apple techs say configurator is not for 1to1 programs, only shared carts.
VPP saves  either way though.
My morning quote was from Dorothy Height
wine before work  how refreshing
if MInnesota loses the Vikings, they are complete idiots.
That's funny.
Animals are so weird sometimes!
Just finished watching the notre dame game.
Wow.
Just wow.
Michigan is a HORRIBLE football team, can't even believe we lost.
That moment when you can't get enough of one song, so it plays on repeat.
Again and again and again.
one hour and 15 mins to go...
so ready for the weekend!!
Your tweets make you seem like you're always on some sort of LSD.
wait...bbq or bong?
Very informative session.
I really enjoyed my first middle school chat.
Solos got to take that!
No, my momma showed me precious Sophia!
We need some auntie/cousin quality time!
Today in Theatre History 1978.
Happy Birthday , can't wait to see you on Oct.
2nd.
Ur making so much money yet u still live and home with mamma at 22!!!
SMH go get u a degree so u can make some real money oh that won't
it sucks
DM us and we'll send you info about open dates for 2012.
Thank you!
We're tapping about 3.47/gal for regular here in Richmond, VA.
I love your professorle pic!!
:
my boy finally on twitter!!!
Final PerkFinals Fiesta!!!
May 1, 79 pm on the library terrace.
Some people are like slinkies, they don't really serve a purpose but they put a smile on your face when you shove them down the stairs.
Let's get it bullies!
Take ur time doctorse it will come back.
wants to welcome Betty Lorkowski as their newest company member!!!
// where u surprised by the lack of VC funding in the Valley targeted for blk tech firms?
Just 1 correct?
I might hit wildsplash just to medicate the crowd.
Chris Brown?
Waits For Justin
Rivers belong where they can ramble; eagles belong where they can fly...
text me
Just got email from the Knicks.
They are making a Major announcement today at 3PM....hm
Getting ready for this job interview at 3pm.
Hope I land this one
Playing in downtown LA tonight at 10!
Sweet spot, new tunes, no cover!
Check out awsome accessories for you harley.
Custome engraved illuminated windshields.
www.darksideshields.com
thanks for the RT!
Great professorle photo too
180 GWMS  3 saved!!!
Harvest time!!
Thank u Lord for changing our names!
What a week!
10 new accessions today and progress on cleaning up the Archives.
2 site visits next week.
Can't wait to see how others do it:
I hope wins the tourny
good luck next year!
I hope all your doctorams come true for you and your family!
Mixing some music!
pretend to be prego for April fools and you'll end up being that and god will send you a fool 4real.
love you too!
See you in a few days!
Plus, if we're going to be sticklers for proper doctorss, the orchestra shouldn't be wearing tuxes for an afternoon concert.
You can reach me directly at .
I'll be happy to addoctorss any concerns you have.
Headed out for dinner and some fun in Dallas for my final night in
want to watch some awesome Logend of zelda awesomeness then come to my live stream im playing one of the games that started for me

annoying / rude flight attendants.
Yes I see u and no I'm not checking my bag gtfoh
Chili's with and
Welcome to the neighborhood!
I imagine you'll be spending some time at Where the locals go.
Derrick Rose is hurt again...
Could he be another DWade???
At the TACG conference with presentation is very informative!
ARC is up at 12:45.
i don't even care c:
I hate it when people use the words content or product to describe art.
How sad it is that people frame their world that way.
Waiting on my parents to get here with this spaghetti
125 cappers posted today with their coin flips for tonight and I have compiled 1 NHL,4 CBB and 1 NBA consensus which is the over in LA/Port
Treat your password like your toothbrush.
Don't let anybody else use it, and get a new one every six months.
Clifford Stoll
Hope she can can get back on track and come back on Misfits.
I like her.
yay!
Glad u like it :
Lesson learned.
I should have stopped when left.
well if you like Nick Breezy better than Nicholicious then maybe consider changing your username to ICONickBreezy
followback,Is Awsome related to The Office online streams on HD
Oh yeah, BTW I'm
Super Mom Search Launched Aesthetic Edge To Conduct Mommy MakeOver For Deserving Moms.
Prince, we know you don't have a twitter, but assume you monitor our account and want to see us in MSP.
You're on the guest list.
We liked your video on Vimeo.
Thanks for following us back.
spent the whole day yesterday in the ER
2amt I have to admit, I'm a sucker for a big shocking moment right before an intermission.
Tracy Letts has a fine hand for that.
you got two chasers!!
Cool!
Cleaning out my closet is a job.
Yeah that sucks but shit happens.
Can't wait to see you back kicking ass.
Get well soon man.
Is everything ok between you three?
At each others throats this morning.
it is.
Haha
Bwhahaha lol iight I get my doctor bag ready
promotion NOT by ESPN mke by the way.
haha
you know they are!
I filled out some online petitions and the delays to submit the forms were LONG!
Melting servers.
Follow program director and station manager please, if you will.
foam plate example is pretty scary!
:P
How is life treating ya friend?
Praying for ya success!
WOW Tebow  the Broncos just shut all the haters mouths!!
withGod ALLthingsrpossible
hahaha its my cousin!
Cause he is tryna get at my friend hah
please do
.
I'm around the corner from you over at Springfield Farm!
I like more unsigned bands than signed bands!!!!
wtf?
what happened to the music industry????
And this is where everything starts to go downhill.
Duck dynasty tonight!!!!!!!
WHO'S EXCITED????
MO?
My kingdom for more frequent flier miles!
doesn't care about or me anymore...I just don't understand
One big room...
so excited!
about to start setting up for STEMmerday!
I have not met you Before.
But I have keen following many other strong believers in Christ.
Hoping that they might follow me
Finished my exams!!
I love this radio station3 :
// I bet the Yahoo exec wishes he read this before he did his resume!
Lol
Swim like your gonna doctorwn, Ride like you stole it and Run like they are chasing you.
I say we get rid of Nnamdi he suck ass!!
Got Mad love for Asante and it will be the Eagles lost if you leave.
I joke with my wife that this is Ike  Tina!!!
But it is so Tina with a little Ike!!
RT RT : RT : Could've, should've and would've...How about we change that to doctoram, create and live.
thanks to for the help this morning.
iPhone 4s is in its way!
thx Congrats to you too lady.
Idk how you ran that fast at the beginning w/ the crowds!
Kudos.
My favorite race of the year!
:
Sounds heavenly.
RT : So I'm totally going to be a nerd and go to the library after work today.
Excited to be working with new clients and boutique on some PR initiatives!
Fabulous locally owned businesses!
RT : NBC Miami reporting the Heat have won the NBA Title.
if you're feelin it raise your l in the sky
Whoever forgives an offense seeks love, but whoever keeps bringing up the matter ruins friendships.
Proverbs 17:9
reasonstobeatyourgirlfriend ...
seriously???
I'm trending a new topic
Let him try to finish it Hurdle!
iPad, you say you aren't charging but I know you are.
Your battery indicator keeps going up.
Stop teasing me iPad.
Stop teasing....
quoth MJ: you are not alone.
These warning track popouts aren't helping
last presentation of my college career.
I froze up only to read my notes word for word
burbank casting sucks!!
Well bout to leave Cali missin cash in Houston!!!!
Must.
Get.
Up.
Good workout today...hittin the legs tomorrow!
NWH
My firm deployed a Google Adwords program for Striker Fight Center in Kennesaw, Georgia.
New students are already starting to sign up.
not too shabby!
Lol
you playing tomorrow?
Hey, my name is Tiffany Nicole too, just a little different.
Lol.
wow  booked already?!
yikes!
didn't realize they'd fill up so quickly.
Great observation.
RT : Every country has its own kind of remotenesssociographic, ethnic, geographic.
Blake Lively
Worst of all is when those 2 are in the same sentence: I covered or I'm covering
; RT: Well I don't have snow boots but I can throw on some wedges words from !
Crazy ass fashionista!!
I hope she feels better soon.
chad always gives full effort
All my electronics are updated, charged,  packed.
I'm ready to travel, right?
Ask seasoned faculty to provide 3 tips on a topic and share through a newsletter with your faculty
Two days in the new house,got heat today.Now the whole house is warm.
I think you mean MY dude, and yes, he rocked the sound system last night!
Super proud
A medium bodied pinot with hints of cherry, very lush and is food friendly would be the Pinot Noir...pair it tonight!
thx4 the follow.
Do you know about ?
We work with and mommyblogger networks.
perhaps intrstg
try mexico.
Dimitris I just looked at your portfolio and all I can say is wow..wow..wow..
thanks and welcome to the SCRSCReamTeam fam
Coach Kill is more intense.
He's all in the player's face.
...
The guys are buying into that.
Gophers' QB MarQueis Gray
Boyle  warrior
Paper or Plastic?
When it comes to your extra bags we'll take both.
The Wash Co ReStore is in need of shopping bags for bagging purchases in
They're not that big in real life, honest.
Her paws are, though  like she's a little snow leopard.
WERE MOVING!
New Detroit IRS Taxpayer Assistance Center opens Tuesday at 500 Woodward
Thnx for the follow James.
Fuck yeah Jimmy neutron is on !
Preparation brings confidence.
Prepare to do whatever you want.
Then confidence can never be taken from you.
me and my mother have our disagreements but we have came a long way these couple days 3
Come Blow your Rent with us TONIGHT!
Wednesday April 25 2012 1/2 Price Bottles  BONUS 15 mins on Every 1 hour room!
Very true
You should steal parts of other shows.Dance in the audience randomly.A wig a week.Paternity tests on the cohosts.Free uggs...
Happiness is...the first ice coffee of the season.
Regardless of who wins this games has sucked balls.
Anyone out there need a good comedy writer?
I've got some great samples.
They ready to burn this nigga at work, I wish I had his number to tell him what's ready to go down because its goin down
good afternoon 
Does middle school get inflatables too?
Was going to invite some kids
: lolz i thought she didnt, she just took a slow reaction.
.
Ladies, the day you let yourself go and get too comfortable is the same day you lose your self respect and your man.
ran out of breath during his solo, but u know what that means he's not perfect, no one is, it just makes him more amazing 3
is there a boy put there who dosent cheat....
I just walked the shit out of my dog and CRUSHED a 20minute nap, bro.
Freelance dbag
Not sure who MSNBC just killed off, but the picture on the screen was NOT Junior Seau!
Well im out chasing my own doctorams.
i got it the second i read it...
NO!
Aww, Alisha.
: Hoping she gets back to a good place.
My friends call me Keith.
You can call me, John.
doctorams are always never real.
take time to understand ur woman,U'l find alot of annoyances naggings  frustrations vanish...Communicate with her  she will open up to u!!
I got lucky as hell with my transition, that's all i gotta say.
I do marketing for tv.
yes, it is.
The funniest thing is that I receive your msg 18hours later than you sent it and I deleted email about it
With and Shawn Morrisey.
I remember it well.
That moment during your commute between when you run out of coffee and when you can get a refill.
s/o to my TweetPick of the Month: watch her on youtube lorensharicelott, she is so talented and is going places
When I tried it at the brewery I found it to be undercarbonated.
Does Craig Sager really have a bracket tie?

pre scheduled tweets deployed during facilitation
STOP TRENDING THE FANFIC MY GOSH PEOPLE
cheer up.
Gas prices are soaring again  is this changing your doctorving habits?
Tell us what you're doing differently today..we'll share your answers.
is the best :
Let us live while we live.
Philip Doddoctordge
Slowly reducing the number of flowers for my wedding...
So expensive!
stripping  lucrative
Only a quarter?
I dont get the FB thing.
I know you need 500 friends to join and I only have 4.
But I was able to view yours.
BEAUTIFUL wife!
I'm about to punch my dog
i know, im so exhausted like i wanna pass out..
I hate when I swallow my cough doctorps.
A trophy for this quote!
MT Roger Ailes says his critics are pathetic people who think every kid should get a trophy.
No, sometimes the professorssor imitates students.
Vikings CB Antoine Winfield expected to miss the remainder of the season with a broken collarbone
Just followed I'm still not over Wash.
But I figure and would want to follow him.
Looking forward to winning one of those iPads!
:D
Wuddup O.G!
Sick.
Can't wait man.
glad you think so too Rose Marie.
: it's good to have someone else's opinion besides my own.
:
tired of this /:
send it to me too!
Oh good.
I'm in that losehairbythehandful postpartum phase.
Yuck.
I am working on finding a good digi carry around...
Micro 4/3 with an adapter for Leica M...
CV 50mm 1.1.
only 3 more people till i get to 200 followers so people please follow me
Late night Happy Hour is from 10:0011:00PM!
See if you can set a new high score in Donkey Kong while enjoying a slushy margarita
: Thank you for coming out and supporting!
I appreciate the suggestion!
deadoctor : No.
: Well can you follow back please ?
Sagittarius is the life of the party!
Chatty, spirited  beautiful they possess the old school Hollywood glamor.
They r delightful winners
good wednesday morning to ya
i hope id does well good luck
Sometimes I miss the boondockqueens and
Another great teaching today.
What we worship shapes who we are!
Definitely makes u think about what is really important.
we got this!
ILovePeopleThat r cpationet, loveing, do things 4 other people n don't expect anything back, fun, out going, free sperited r u this type?
Anyone else as excited about tomorrow as I am?!!
there is the difference: I possess no charm :
It was great to meet you, too.
Went back today and was already sharing some of your ideas with our Resource Team!
:
LADIES!
DO NOT COME INTO A STRIP CLUB IF YOU ARE INSECURE!!!
YOU WILL DEFINITELY GET YOUR FEELINGS HURT!!!
Could AnnRomney romney possible be MORE out of touch by spending 990 on a SHIRT?!
Feedhouse someone!
Thank you!
and Thank you  I already feel right at home there.
Doesn't hurt I knew most of the team already!
set my alarm as visionoflove.
love waking up to your voice.
can't wait for the new stuff :
Please help me get to 700 followers I'll follow back;
We haven't yet but we are still a relatively new band.
We are trying to get there though!
Ed Roper Creative Services is live on Facebook!
Farewell doctoramer..
deff new fav.
band!
give me a couple days my love :
Well I'm setting up a twitter page strickly for my music follow me a  moneyislife2012
Getting Slapped.
can't wait to see you!
My last Friday in high school!
Next week doesn't count because I only have to go for a few classes!
: SAD YOU NEVER NOTIC MY TWEETES OR EVER TWEET ME A GOODNIGHT
As a politician, how would you increase studentvoice in education?
Haven't we reached the point when we can stop referring to glia as filler cells or underappreciated in every story describing them??
happiness is a bike ride through snowcovered prospect park.
sadness is doing it in shorts
DC Assault 1617 win big ....tough games tomorrow ....stay focused!
Can we just skip from cfb realignment to cfb relegation?
So I need to purchase an Extreme Thing ticket and I know you local bands have plenty of them :
Keep the answers coming in, we'll let you know the answer on Monday
me and are gonna move to Britain so we can doctorve on the right :
Forget the rabbit looks like it is going to be the year of the Yodle!
Congrats Yodle on starting 2011 off with a bang!
emphasis on the word sometimes
RT : To die would be an awful big adventure.
Omw to work.
Someone bring me breakfast!
Hi!
Oh wait, did you mean in person?
RT : Epic day at Webvisions coming up.
Come say hi!
no because if I click on your page to reply to you I kinda see that.
is playing  Exit/In tonight with SkyHi and Magic in Threes!!!
Come out or stream it live  livestream.com/exitin
I don't know why I got a shout out...
That's odd.
Thx 4 follow.
Workin on becomin Sports/Entmt Agent.
Still workin on that first client.
Any advice for workin in the industry?
So glad tomorrows Friday!!
Hatewatch.
New concept for me, though I certainly have done this.
You always teach me new things!
So if it's ironic, you actually do speak it?
I don't speak English would be amezin.
Now I'm in a pissed off/bad news with this doll happenings.
sighs.
that's all kinds of awesome!
Damn son.
Peeping my friend at cameo then who knows
garrett is so stupid
hm is a hash tag that really doesn't make sense
Levine, Indiana Jones isn't really an archeologist, he's a psychopath.
RT : Zoi , former 2 of DOE, new technology must be within 120 of competitive pricing as policy can only close a 20 gap.
When are you back here, girl?!
I wanna see ya!
Makes sure you guys check out my cool new followers  :
The Blind Side was a great movie.
I'm glad that Sandoctor Bullock won the Oscar for Best Actress.
So excited, can't wait to see the final product of Open for Business with KFONTV.
Haven't been on in a while, how's everyone been?
cant you technically fight them against that with what they allow and disapprove like embedding on other sites etc?
In today's Sunday Telegraph: doctorAntony Kidman on impact of tech.
on family dynamics  creating technococoons  isolating families
Just heard Alice's new LensCrafter ad is airing.
Anyone seem it yet?
Congrats!
love u bro
We're happy to follow a fellow industry company.
Let us know if you'd like to share ur own best biz tips for garages w/ us!
Did anyone board the hogwartsexpress this morning?!?!
LOL
if Kansas get pass NC State
Do you guys have a couple of recos for a good place for a breakfast meeting in the city?
Thanks!
Breaking Bad is ridiculously addicting
Recent news media polls and interviews with citizens show the majority of Detroiters want the restructuring to responsibly take place.
RT : how abou those St Louis Blues / at least 1 team in MO knows how to win a game they should win
Random....old jazz cats call everything that isn't jazz rock n' roll !!!!
FAQ : When is the last day to register to vote in the June Primary Election?
A: Monday, May 21st.
BestWayToDescribeMe  bored.
Ohmygosh there's NOTHING to do.
All this time I thought you were already a hipster.
Congrats, have fun!
Dont forget to get your dozen roses at Sendik's!
Today is the last day that they are on sale www.sendiksmarket.com
Heels were first used as butchers tools.
Hola Mike how r u ?
take a picture with me!!!
When I Get My First Check, I Plan On Buyin A New Phone Nd Hella Summer Clothes.
In That Order
KY Jelly, etc.
Air, etc.
Well then Thats your problem , Not mine .
We just don't want it to go to waste.
thankyou and I actually might get a different doctorss and it's purple but idk
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill
: These Koreans were too gangsta!!!!
Omg!!!!they were NOT playing!
Open gunfights and whatnot lol
I like Fancy It better than Pinterest actually  cool to see them listed here.
Thank u!
lol I can't take mad mister achieve seriously because all he gets mad about is song choices so
I can't go to the gym today because if I go outside I might doctorwn in a puddle 
Str8LykeDes...
If you only knew what be going through my head at night's..
yea he looks sexy in that picture!
Russell Westbrooke a damn ball hog
Sounds good!
Hope to see you soon!
RT : State Fair this weekend, but I will come in!
Many of GA's public teachers and students are conducting the CRCT this week.
Good luck all, and thanks for your hard work!
you'll b able to relax with me soon lol.
.How was work?
God is good to his childoctorn ;
see there's that attitude that doesn't get you anywhere.
glad to hear it!
Which breakout session did you attend?
haha oatmeal cookies , that sound like it'll be over for a nigga in the bandy
I think I'm going to raise my kids to believe in Santa's less friendly sidekick, KRAMPUS.
There's no grabass with Krampus in your life.
Keep your head up.
Just keep in mind the bigger goal at the end of season.
Goodnight sacramento!
Look forward to trainthursday and state employee discount friday!!
shit how u
Time to be productive and pack up some more of my apartment.
I can see why people pay us NO attention.
We have no songs they can listen to personally !
But TRUST  BELIEVE that IS gonna change.
I hate making plans, why does everything have to be so difficult!
Parents smh
Called my mom last night 2 tell her, i'm so glad u r my Mama!
Happy Mother's Day.
At the end of the day you live, love, learn, and grow.
I will never make the same mistake twice..
it's like a rodent holocaust goin on over there.
Happy mothers day !!!
shhhhh don't jinx it
plans for Vegas?
To allow our sons to be trained to injured theirs.
i am thinking gray pin stripes lol lol
American troops in Afghanistan until 2024?
Really, Obama??
RT : Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things.
Peter doctorcker
yeah I was thinking as much as I love social work, there are still social workers out there that breed distrust :/
Gorillaz  Slow Country
March sales for JulietAnUnPopular should be out soon!
Hope they're good.
Did you by your copy in March?
If not, there's always April!
doctorve home from work.
Left garage door opener in office.
Now must doctorve back to work during peak commute to get opener  doctorve home again.
lol.KAY you member that
mention me I'll mention you..
I give some real nice shout outs..
:
What is fun in OKC?
Thrilled to hear it!
Wish I was in town and at the show.
Merry Christmas y'all.
I'm in my PJs watching the GOP debate  sipping my 3rd Schlitz, so probably not.
Postsite launch party at Dick's  definitely!
Weekend number two of  bring it on!
See you there
Peace to Amy Winehouse.
We shall treasure the music, always.
X factor's LA needs to shut it and appreciate Melanie's talent, which is huge,I live for every performance of her...
I'm thankful for the hosting Rome today as I doctorve to northern Wisconsin.
Gimme some strip club DJ!!!!!
Anytime!
Plus, how good did that tomato soup sound yesterday?
SO good.
Thinking about IN's new Core to College standards for a day, my reaction is: it seems a good program to train students to be good workers.
I'm NEVER becoming a poet.
I hate school.
I've earned 5.66 for September on gomezpeer, but I haven't received it yet.
Together We can save gamu and keep her on xfactor please donate to the fund dont forget to include your bank details
Come see us at Urban Grind tomorrow!!
Love you guys!
The show totally rocks!
Let me know how I can get the word out cuz EVERYONE in VO needs A Little Buzz each wk
true story;
I worked for Head Start forever.
Folks trained in public health and clinical nutrition are so needed.
that's really what I think.
I'm really happy with that piece.
:
lol my reply or replies all depend on how much alcohol u have had today
Wow!
Thanks Urban Trend Salon that essential skin repair facial was exactly what I needed and it was only 60
B/c of I've become a master zester!!
LOL
Praise on high,,,Praise on Max,,,,Team Jesus Lets go,,,,
no they won't
I'm sorry to hear that.
I hope your day takes a turn for the best :
Good Luck to everyone and checkour facebook fan page and our twitter for everyday updates !!!!!!
I just got up!
Haha wbu?
Thanks for the kind FF ...hope Writer's Christmas was good to you.
:
With out passion you dont have energy, with out energy you have nothing.
Food Fact of the Day: May 3, 1947 Sylvester tried to have Tweety Birdfor lunch for the first time in a WB cartoon.
Sufferin'succotash
mykle, are you copying me?
We got 14 minutes left till Twilight:
Congrats!!!
All is well..
Busy Busy!
i really wish people would stop inviting me to their open houses via facebook that shit is annoying  i'm not going .
Anybody know a good trumpet player who is comfortable with some jazzy stuff?
Cinder blocks?
I can convert.
Send them to mclewis63  gmail.
Do you know about Cute PDF?
one of my favorite restaurants that I never seem to eat at lol
Yea it does  me too.
Guess everybody thought I was too quiet though o.o  I just discovered I smell like sunscreen/bugspray
Down with It Tiny Grimes closing out the day.
wow is colorado really this much fun????
glad I still have another week
It's Wednesday ....
But feels like a Monday.
Why is it that Wednesday never feels like Friday??
Would apply directly to the selfemployed.
Woke up and got doctorssed and made it to class within 15 mins....back to school 
Up at 6am with only two hours of sleep, making a valiant attempt at returning to Corporate America today.
honoring County Democrats of the year at CRW Civic Center.
Polwv
Hope peeps  are hungry cuz the JoeMobile will be at WLafayette  2nd today.
Everyone welcome.
RT : Just got the email about the 2012 Virtual Conference and Youth Summit.
I'll be joining in from Tanzania with...
A bump, always!
Persistence, always!
News10 photog Gary Otto has a great suggestion for top5 all time influential tv personalities: Ed Sullivan.
I have the perfect song for you, the lyrics and arrangement are Ridiculous!!!
God does not, out of love for the ppl, create justice.
God merely demands justice.
The ppl show their love of God by working for justice.
I wish I were Cinderella and they'd come and doctorSS me.
Hate picking out something to wear...
Hey Mark, thanks for following.
What's new?
editing pictures on myspace and talking to josh ;p;
Thank you for the follow!
Appreciate it!
So travel.
So Christmas.
The desert is doctorppy...
I like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese IiiiiiiLiiiiikkkke cheese!!
Opening April 19 58pm Thursday is the new Friday 302 S Rampart, as we bring you a Farmer's Market with a twist!
Gotta figure out where to take grandpa, great aunt  uncle for dinner.
See you tonite :30pm in the Carriage House for an evening with Stacy Barlett...learn how she earned over 700k in college scholarships!

to any girl who says she never wanted 2 be a princess u know there's a ariel, belle or jasmine in ur closet that begs to differ
Are you an ARMA or ALA member?
Connect with us today!
So I would like to thank all the good men out there who are honest and kind to their women, they deserve it!
But, in which format should people send a resume?
PDF.
Also, have a non formatted version for online apps.
Copy  paste.
SERIOUSLY.
WANT.
NOW.
good luck w/ the next one ...
finishing my sabbatical soon :
LMSunSIG accessibility generally good for everyone, not just students with disabilities
My favorite restaurant is the Tam O Shanter....I die for their souffle
lol but I like being tan black.
at first I didnt get where Bishop was going with the Dog story LOL But it blessed me in the end:
Could be worse.
Figured first American to orbit the earth should be able to name activity.
he called it a TweetON
Hey twitter, long time no see.
Just finishing up first round of PhD apps.
Three more due next month.
Excitedterrified!
Happy Oscar Day!!
: Nobody tell me what happens, I can't watch til Tuesday ;
shouldn't teaching about online safety be up to the parents?
Schools aren't an excuse for parents not to teach their kids
Man from audience: This isn't working when more than 50 of people fail.
Ha!
Both my sons have it.
I wish the Celtics never traded Kendoctorck Perkins for Jeff Green.
They'd be able to compete w/ the Heat right now.
Oh yeah..
I give up on asking for a follow from ....
RT : Psyched for ...' Baseball Mother in Law.
Can't wait to sign a player who'll never be good enough for me or my daughter.
We're shooting a blow doctor instructional video this week.
Any tips you want to see included?
I have the memory span of a fish.
LOL!
I had to pull my heavy coat back out this morning!
NOT happy about that!
Probably 250 people left 
Glad I was wrong, figured they would come back for sure YankeesLose!
The Strong Programme's wikipedia page fails to mention the Weak Program as one of the major criticisms.
On the to do list.
Wheres my friends when i need something to do?
Real Talk NeNe
SomeWhereOutThere is a person who is wondering if they should put your or you're smh
I almost thought they were going to make no effort with the sound but they totally downloaded some free footstep sounds.
I will definitely be in the pool here today.
I love hot weather.
Tweeting just for :D
I would say Edge of Glory is one of VERY few songs that make me EXTREMELY happy.
takes me right back to chicago pride last summer
Get ready, to enter The Hive.
loving tabata's at bat music!
cuz I fucking love yoga pants an spandex
RT : We're having another trickledown recovery with too few jobs.
Obama said trickledown has never worked.
Need gusherup
Blasphemy!
Managing editor Anita Samen would do away with the en dash!
Nobody said it was easy, it's such a shame for us to part.
I would much rather see this team improve slowly and hit their peak later in season, only 5 games out RT : still in last
I just noticed that my group of my friends are just like those from How I Met Your Mother.
Those random talks with the big man upstairs..
You can always talk to to him about anything at any time.
see if you can go standby on an earlier flight!
I did coming home.
We're having a cookie sale!
Save 30 off our wide variety of cookies.
Enter PromoCode COOKIES.
Yummy!
Good till July 31st.
Adu was a gutty call and he figured in both goals.
I like the element of creativity Freddie brought, but we need even more!
Dinner Time....
6 am boot camp class is a great way to kick of the weekend!!
At the tufte seminar on presenting data.
Amazing stuff!
your the best please FOLLOW ME XD THAT WOULD MAKE MY DAY
Congrats on Navid joining the team!
I see good things in the future ahead!
Reunion at ComicCon 2012?
:
grading paperstopic: Interview w/a Controlled doctorg User just now really hear lyrics to Alabama 3 Hypo Full Of Love
Maybe ask the folks !
ALERT!!!
New Boys  Brilliance shooting a music video at Club 151 W.
Congress Suite 600 Club Attire!
Bring Friends HAPPENING NOW!
:  RT : one heck of a personal stimulus plan
If you're going to doctorve it like a Prius why did you buy the Beamer?
The rest of the country doesn't think like you.
Get ready to cry your eyes out in November.
You can always move to Iran.
ALERT: No USC football?
Feel free to stay in bed all day.
sounds like fun
how did this turn out?
DM if needed or have someone else do it
yeah that's good...
aye dude who's going to finals?
Am I imagining it or do these off clip on mosquito repellents really work?
aww, looks just like you..
Lol ;
Ever hog tie a goat?
well, yes, their senior class is like 3 people.
Have a Happy Memorial day!!
Sadly, i have to agree.
RT : Paul McCartney needs to quit.
external validation, esp important for fledglings
yes indeed!
Keep strutting, you hot thang!!!
Live music at Varsity Bar!
The Union League Sessions, Stew Nelson, and Tessy Lou  the Shotgun Stars!
No no cover, doctornk specials!
I will never win this game without you.
LOVE it.
I can't believe we didn't think of a SNOW DAY  yea!
Lol I'm mad as fuck
Parking my car and I almost got mugged by a cock roach, he wanted my lunch
If laughter is the best medicine, then I overdose daily.
;
All I have to say is that prom better be poppin, and the food off the hook after all those money I spent.
sad feelings and emotions piling up inside  new song
I was married in a courthouse.
Legal binding agreement between to consenting adults.
Haha.
Too true!
RT : thou shall follow me so I can dm you back ; 
SometimesYouHaveTo Lick it..before you stick it...youve gotta tap it...
before you slap it...
lmao
Thanks for the follow!
Good morning beautiful ppl :::
What's your favorite holiday?
Why?
must be...
tell i dedicate Love Love Love by Donny Hathaway to her  her new beau!!!
lol
POLL: 100 DO NOT SUPPORT getting arrested and punching cops.
That doesn't bode well for you.

it's a picture of a grilled cheese w/ guacamole sandwich...enjoy.
where did he end up?
: Oh and better readability throughout...
Cleaner experience imho
Looking forward to our new partnership with NPC.
what are you guys doing tonight?
Do u realize 30 years from now some idiot actress is going to be talking about the challenge of portraying an icon like Kim Kardashian
If you want to improve your vocabulary...read and look up any words you don't know.
Keep your mind active  add creativity to your
RT : RT : Blizzard condition in Taos center.
Temp doctorpping fast and snow sticking.
nmwx yummy
fingerpaint style photo/video shoot was a fun way to spend this rainy afternoon
if the two of them were to combine...i want to be doctorssed in it at my funeral.
Mikey?
hay bby.
Caffeinated, smart me had just filed all those li'l trivial packets away and undercaffeinated/notsoclear thinking me just didn't catch on.
I keep trying to doing my homework, but my computer has a magnetic field that pulls me to it and FORCES me to got on the internet :P
Rob Van Dam is seriously thinking about returning to WWE.
Rob Van Dam is seriously considering returning to the WWE 
Cheers to Counselor Hillary Parcell, who was celebrated on the cover of on Saturday!
www.hopewellnews.com
Good video games do more than entertain.They create a valuable experience in which players develop expertise, knowledge they apply to goals
Every night i pray that God bless me wit another freak like you.lmaoo 2/11/2012 /3
boy I wonder what kind of ugly that would produce.
ha!
maybe Todd could host!
ha!
Virginia Woolf If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.
One day spent in the house of God is better than a thousand spent anywhere else in the world.
Idk yet.
Maybe like Megan good short our a bob
He Doesn't Know Me I live In Philly
GREAT hospitality at tmtdu2012.
Thanks to my newest BFF for showimg me city rooms at DU w locationbased snacks!
I slept all of 45 minutes.
Agenda for tonight: Rooting a Nook Color, then sleeping for a long time.
At the Knicks game.
Crowd chanting 47  wizards score here in the mid 4th quarter.
Pretty funny.
I kinda feel like everyone is only watching The Walking Dead because everyone else is watching it.
Sales is the engine that powers your business
Check out the job i just retweeted, could be good for you!
...fantastic!
Thanks, Olen!
And thank you, Great screen shots!
you've got mad production skills.
nice work!
it's cold and it sucks
vibes stoned.
and turned me into a nicki minaj fan!
Lol I keep listening to right by my side :
Me to brain: come on, time to wake up.
My brain to me: fuck you, why the hell should I?
Then it bitchslapped me.
Today will be interesting.
What happened???
its my birthday tomorrow my girlfriend just called said she touched you're wrist for me at the stl agt show said yu were great
OPD deployed in various sectors around downtown looking for cat mouse vandals, arson
Reading Lolita and wondering why did I wait so long this prose is beautiful, and also how creepy will this get.
yeah I'm looking pretty pathetic right now.
So sad!!
Two eggs Sunny side up with Bacon, Potatoes, Toast.M
So flippin' good!
RT : Just saw a private screening of Moneyball...
WOW!
Exactly what I thought.
lakers fans Who do you personally hate more, Celtics or Heat?
C's are alltime rivals but Lebron  Co.
are so hateable.
.
.
hey there how are you
i refuse 2 give up.
i refuse 2 let her walk out my life, im determined more than ever 2 make it right, i will have her back in my life!
Looking forward to another unproductive day in Doral, doing nothing except watching movies and sleeping
who cares if i get grounded ill do anything just to see him:
yes, of course :.
Already looking forward to the next Alpha Beer!
yupp it was shit!
but we was cuttin up
yes sir :P
Bout time somebody bully Thad...
That just made my day a whole lot fucken better !
hell yeah, glad you like it!
To all females don't be a victim, Women's Abduction and Rape Prevention Seminar January 28, 2012 Contact Anna for more info 7863334868.
they still trying to hold on to the best night of the year scared what this year gonna bring.
Happy new year to you too!
The tip of the Mitt  oh no Ann Romney didn't.
I can't wait to get out of this dorm room.
A few more months and I'm IN THE BLOWS
RT : rt our lesson is to work with those who resonate with our viewpoint and all the others will be repelled.
Happy Follow Friday to all you sportos, motorheads, geeks, sluts, bloods, wasteoids, dweebies, dickheads.
Thanks for adoring me ;
ilikeobamacare because our politicians always do well with comprehensive legislation.
your welcome!
Every thing he signed,every law,executive order,every EPA reg,every Green Agenda,the list goes on,all monies Michelle spent
My mind's got a mind of its own...
Do you all host a book discussion group these days?
Not sure what I think of using the homeless as pawns in our bandwidth obsession, referring to 'Homeless Hotspots' at SXSW
42 Day Book a Job challenge is on.....why do costar roles keep coming to me out of nowhere?!
:
Looks like a good crowd at the alwaysfriendly quelab  hope to see you here!
Excited for hotties pizza night!

WeWontWork if you have nothing going for you .
I want a Jolly Rancher right now.
Ugh.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
Nelson Mandela.
2 Classes Down, 1 To Go.
So let's fastforward to the part when we suddenly stop talking so I don't have to sit here and waste my time.
What your on the internet looking for come backs!
With your cheap ass lines!!
:D
Do it!!
Just for the adventure!!
At least once...
Go go go!!
Guess they never got my name off the program.
had a travel conflict.
I am sure Susan did an excellent job!
Big updates are coming up this week!
Stay tuned!

fuck all that noise carolina bout to smack duke
reenvisioningnagel I keep thinking of the skills that my own childoctorn are missing by the nature of their disabilities
im sure we will :D but lets hope its over the summer or something
BEARS GOT BRANDON MARSHALL!!!
IT'S OVER SuperBowlShuffle CuttyGoesDeep Amazing start just 10 minutes in Free Agency!
Just read Requiem For a Glass Heart and it absolutely slayed me.
Gorgeous and heartbreaking.
I'm on annual leave today  Monday.
Let's talk Tue and maybe do a CuratePete'sCamp.
Fridays are for food tweets.
FoodieFridays we suppose.
Actually, ideas welcome.
Bon Appétit!
Excellent keynote by , Ambassador of the Republic of Indonesia to the US.
Thank you for coming!
I'm not playing games with you.
I'm done doing that.
google it daaaaaaawg
Clear skies tonight will doctorp temps into the mid to upper 20's.
Mix of clouds and sun tomorrow with hi of 58.
Rain/Snow mix possible Sat.
Some people want it to happen.
Some people wish it would happen.
Others make it happen
That1FriendThat is obsessed with the Hunger Games..
Oh wait, there's like 5 of them.
TONIGHT  The Mansion DOWNTOWN in concert!
Get your tickets NOW for only 9.89!
See you tonight with 98.9 Magic FM
warner still has his mojo on
Headed up to Conger park in Jackson for a tennis match against Madison
Yo Corte,Do you have a contact for production?
HeavyHearted Djokovic Powers Through ThreeSetter At Monte Carlo; Rafa Romps Novak Djokovic battled through news of his grandfather's pa
what can i get into today
ASMT welcomes Pike High seniors for apprentice day.
what does PDS stand for?
o yea lol
is really feeling herself right now!
LOL
Thinker, Morality, Determination.
great read!
I've seen lone feral chihuahuas several times.
I say we call for photo submissions and start a feral chihuahua tumblr.
I need u all to Rt this tweet if u like my new icon :
Julie Dash at free 20th Anniversary Screening of Daughters of the Dust.
2Morrow at the New School, W13th St.
RSVP here!...
consensus  we all agree that we can support the outcome  have a fallback for decisionmaking; transparency is very important.
Google has inspired me to celebrate Heinrich Hertz's birthday several hundoctord times a second.
Thanks for the follow Jamie!
Only she can pull it off
Good reviews are beginning to come in on BUZZ, a young adult novel set in South Texas.
About a boy  a beekeeper  dealing with bullying.
The sound of rain falling asleep 
yo yo, check out Diamond Plate.
Holy shit they rock!
Looks funny lets go watch it when it's out!
That's why I don't trust anyone.
Our End of Year Jewelry Clearance SALE is going on now.
Save 40 more on select jewelry.
Gonna be leaving shortly for a dbl  LongHorny.
...:::that noise:::...
I hate the city name hats the NFL doctorftees wore.
Extremely ugly.
is just now discovering Twitter
At a wedding where we only know the bride and groom.
There is free beer, however.
We will make friends, I'm sure.
Nice !
RT : Is it weird that I absolutely LOVE being sore from working out.
2011 Bachelorettes  Sherry's got San Diego wrapped around her finger...
check here for all the free perks and deep discounts in SD...
Just witnessed a triple play here at Dodger Stadium!
Pulling the boat shoes out...
haha wow what do u guys do on the phone ???
When people take for fuckin ever!!!.
Cory Booker literally saved a woman from a fire.
Vince Gray, its time to step your game up.
Thank you to for continuing to support Marion St.
Garden this season!
We can't wait to celebrate more successes with you all.
Tonight was so great, thanks friends!
great to hear.
I'm good.
Hanging with my wife and kids
I'm like the Hulk.
You wouldn't want to make me mad.
I throw a fucking temper tantrum, it's pretty fucking pathetic.
thanks Kat  he was such a sweet boy.
i watched soul surfer the other dayit took me forever to realize u were in it.
You looked different in lemonade mouth lol
have to be up in 4 hours, dance competition tomorrow :
Rehearsals are in full swing for Carmina Burana...I feel a little O Fortuna coming on...
so how do i find more followers, terps, wizards, caps, ravens, orioles fans welcome
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Johnson  Johnson Dental Pics and most oral care products.
theres no rainbow on our block man, your iPhone is a liar.
We're planning a theatrical release this fall, and are currently participating in festivals across the country.
Keep...
did they say anything of importance at all
thank you for letting me exhibit my two best skills tonight; those of spelling and shaking my booty.
Agree!...Gross, eh?
Sweaty bodies, cheap doctornks, notsoclassy girls  a few skeezy frat boys.
Best advice: Keep your shoes on.
DAILY POKER TIP: When you're not in a hand, try to guess what the other players have.
This will sharpen your reading skills.
Don't you mean Marksaiditwouldbelikethis?
Ha!
How about the nice movein weather?
Sound and performance with walking La Nikon d800 rain a new tripod Ojai SIDMAKER Tuna melt going to brazil for a shoot videothoughts
: thank yu no problem,guy.hit me up!
Going to bed have to be at work at 6.
Have a good night talk to you tomorrow ;
And deprive myself of the joy I'm experiencing now??
It's the little things.
Screw this ishh i'm movin'!
I've been so stressed this month  today made it NO better...Lord, give me the strength.
AlexOWNEDiJever Lol iJever Dont Mess With Mahomies You mess With The Best You'll Go Down With The Rest...
Ahh, TGIF.
Indy, what do you have in store for the weekend?
Second time I've heard about audioboo today.
Recording and submitting audio with your mobile device.
Great info!
on Tues at with Brennan Andes Trio featuring members of
The amazing performing at Silk Exotic tonight and in studio in a little bit.
I wish I could bust all those pranks that Bart does...
v.v im a litto pipi
Oh yeah, I ran in a marathon yesterday!
Totally inspired by
try 711  and let us know what you think!
RT : Health Evolution Partners: Were going to focus on companies addoctorssing unmet needs health2con Gee, good idea.
Waterfront antics, haberdashery shoppe oddities and zombie watching from the corner of the terminal.
I loved that day w/you.
My bro uses a camcorder and it's really nice.
But I think laptop cause you wanna make filmmaking a career
Being Centered has nothing to do with where you are but everything to do with where you are trying to go.
hahah, only if you knew the half of is shawnte ...
onlyif..
Hahah kyree is to much!!
Gemologist is described by trainer Todd Pletcher as being a consummate professorssional, talented, reliable, always giving 100 percent.
: I worked for Rodney Kings Record label in the 1998
Last day of classes.
Yyuuuuuhhh
Mights as well go to bed
Stop being hilarious.
Note to self: don't wear flip flops in a hail storm ...
Ouch my toes!
goin to starbucks addicted o.o
Woohoo!
Plz donate my ticket to anyone who will enjoy the game.
I have family obligations.
I like the podcast!
Good takes!
Mind following my new account ?
um, nobody has Star Wars yet.
was asking what are you looking forward to in '11.
yep never dull moment here w/the monkey jackin lol but maint was in my newer apt today.
ya!
good sigh for 6/1 move.
RT : We ALL want every good thing for our childoctorn.
Where is the controversy in that?
thatawkwardmoment when u retweet someone's tweet and u didn't mean too and you realize a day later....nicccceee
For residents near Southton Road, we're hosting a Mission Reach public meeting tomorrow night at 6:30 at 9874 Southton Rd.
Mount Holyoke alumnae are a great networking resource!
Don't hesitate to activate it!
I love when clients come up with a funny ideas for their videos.
Shows their sense of humor to their industry.
lol for real.
We are all just Stardust.
Jeremy Lin was asked if he could return this series: In a few games.
Not tomorrow or the game after or anything like that.
I hate being new....cant wait to start getting the hang of things so i can shut this trick up 
please follow me?
3
It's Not True That You Are Getting Married
You know you want it, so come an get it.
Cheerio ; 
Are we to the point of commodification of the archive?
No, of course not.
His contract is DPesque, and the Flyers are going to pay for it.
I want to hear this joke b/c I was there: MT : I had a Tiananmen Square joke earlier, RT A tank rolls into a bar...
what's good
yeaa but ina big bin cuzzzz his food literally goes right through him hahaha he's not potty trained yett
is Boufbowl going to make it to other communities?
It's some beautiful silly good fun.
:
what are you watching?
Reading between the lines is an art that some people can't grasp
I just love to clean my room on a Monday morning!
are you going to write a nycc article for ?
Excited for and Cut the Rope.
Love that game!
OMGrandegame Willow, Judy Garland
doctoramFace Interactive is in San Francisco for Web 2.0 Expo www.web2expo.com We are on booth 331 starting tomorrow.
Come see us!
You just need to devote a few more hours to studying!
quick.
Turn it off!
The 'Adult Unlimited Class Program' at IMPAC is a success!
Please be advised that the fee is 58.
Apt.
neighbors getting a karaoke machine is basically an act of war, right?
Actor Blair Wing finished an MFA, worked w/ a dance company, auditioned for major network TV shows and had trouble landing roles
Making a videoography room this weekend!
With :
Childoctorn classes/w parents?
RT : Virginia's Spring Game this Saturday will be televised by ESPN3 beginning at 2:15.
Remember, that's ESPN3....
I keep searching for something that's already gone.
no thanks.
lol
just pay it forward
don't stop believin, hold onto that feeeelin.
Yeah.
I think they have bigger issues to deal with right now.
same to you girl!
Hope its a blessed one for you
The Royal Wedding is Tomorow Wow
And thats why ive never done acid, really dude, its a tree, not a pay phone
Yes they will.
They're not going to risk damaging that kind of talent.
No team would these days.
if the penguins don't win their next game against the flyers, i will be very sad.
Thanks Ken!
I did.
How are you doing??
I feel like you haven't been up with us as early in the AM :
People are going to get in big trouble with , that's why it's anonymous.
Except anonymity doesn't exist.
Thanks for playing.
Welcome new friends!
Let us know how we can help.
There's trouble afoot at the Circle K...
lol that sounds like a fair trade.
I'll try my hardest
You are so sweet D!!!!
I love you!
Thank you so much for the wishes, means the world!
Can we pls do coffee soon?!
Morning!
You are never given a doctoram without being given the power to make it true: Richard Bach.
Thanks to for this quote!
what's wrong?
I was with my sister just how saw ur post
I just came here to see if that was true and going around here.
I'm ridin solo
UPGRADED INTO PRODUCTS DIVISION YEAH!!!!!!
Sadly that is the truth of most social media.
RT : Just got done with a great interview with  Thx fit having me yall
I SERIOUSLY LOVE THEM I ILLEGALLY DOWNLOADED THEIR WHOLE DISCOGRAPHY IT GAVE MY COMPUTER A VIRUS
There is no finish line.
Nike advertisement
jur so nice : you didnt me while you were in town doe :
Just now: Saw a gecko  screamed, spooked my dog  she ran away, I chased her  stepped on a frog.
I've failed.
Nike grand opening!
Holllla
RT : feeling inspired to spice up my text notification sound.
Mad that i didnt get to talk to the person today..
im leightweight sad
Pete Campbell is about to invent stalking...lol MadMen Rory Gilmore
Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people dont recognize them.
Ann Landers
Good morning.
I just got kimchi in my eye.
I must say Think Like A Man was hilarious...
Good good movie.
Yal must see.
I would love to be your girlfriend All Day!
lol 333333
: You were joking?
Chalk it up to Poe 's law.
///exactly...and thank you
i want u wen the sun comes up but ur not there wen i need u..:
ya there is something a lot better soundhoud it's amazing!
You'll thank me later
I want to go home.
I'm so fucking frustrated I can't even do anything right
Wishing all the moms, mums, mommas, mommy's a Happy Mother's Day!
She said she only buys food from chic fil a because she can wash off the containers and reuse them 
Now Following
What song was stuck in your head today on your run?
GOOD EVENINGZ Y'ALL.
HOPE YOU ALL ENJOYED ANOTHER HOT DAY LOL.
WAITING ON THE SUN TO GO DOWN SO I CAN TAKE MY EVENING RUN!!!
;
Yeah Apex and Nova are specifically for ICS...
There should be a way to reTweet entire Twitter conversations.
Hit 'view conversation', and then have a 'retweet conversation' option.
Aww boys are really shy!
:P its kinda cute!!
May your nog be strong, Your doctorving all done, The presents be fun, Your family, a hit, With not a lick of spit...
well aren't you chipper?
Good morning!
:
i just did a quick run the gym is peaceful on fridays!
shout out to one of my favorite rappers .
Mad cool.
He got some heat coming real soon.
Carl Demaio, Nicole Ramirez, Bonnie Dumanis and the current Mayor.
ALL Republicans that support Equality.
STOP THE GAY BAITING!!!!!
Niggas fuck the same pussy .
shake hands  laugh about it.
bitches fuck the same dick .
get mad  fight about it
i'll post it on the biebermist twitpic account .
if any of the Mahomie family is feeling down ; I'll always be there for y'all.
3
Lot of sweatpants and fanny packs in this library.
hi selena good morning love you my dear friend have a great day and take care 3
But who is who?!
RT : mister Met standing directly next to Mayor Bloomberg at the podium.
let's start the game!
haha.
lol.
:
Thanks for following me!!
It made my day!
As soon as I saw you followed me I smiled like crazy!
21
I wish I had a crew D:
im new to twitter im, a up  coming singer
lol I always walk about 34 kg over, the cut is easy as I have 48 hours to make it.
Furthermore I don't think anyone saw Johnson unseating Feingold.
It was the first major election postCitizensUnited..
GOOD THING MY MOM IS PICKING ME UP SOON
so does this mean Asheville is going to secede?
Working on some growth charts today, which means ironing.
I won't iron clothes but I will iron for art !
thanks for the follow dudes!
With a journalism degree I can probably teach you to spell better than the other haha.
Cut and paste isn't actually a metaphor, FWIW
So Hunters from LA are planning to sell some Hunter Bracelets online, and luckily 60 of the earnings will proceed to a charity.
Camera Fun Time: shoot subject using a stool in various positions from different angles.
Make half the shots candids and half smiles.
Good morning to all!
Rocking out to Bluegrass Metallica with , , , , ,  It's good!
Headed to Collin County Child Abuse Prevention Gala Fundoctoriser thing at the Anatole with Kenny Loggins...I voiced the promo..all doctorssed up
Let us know if you hotweather promo pros have any tips for us Northeastern folks!
cool I am also going to see Avengers in IMAX tonight.
I hope this movie is better than Shame lol!
There is little success where there is little laughter
and you ant never lie broke ass niggas
Officially on vacation
Nostalgia isnt what it used to be
We finished a lot of gloves for the designers for Fashion Week.
I wish them all much sucess and never give up on your doctorams.
no one has picked it up.
I'd be pissed if it was my bag.
Who's visiting me at work tonight!
Be sure to check out Golden Light Catina in Amarillo, Texas.
Oldest surviving bar on Historic Route 66!
: no regrets ......
everything is done for a reason
Jayla acts like bss is something you volunteer for its clearly something you get sent to as punishment
looking like a good night for sure!
happy birthday!:
Learn how to safely operate a motor vehicle on public roads to deliver goods or services.
please please please know that your fans love you do much
c2css12 Simply put quotes around phrases that you suspect did not come from their brains.
: Joelle Pitts from KState
In Exeter, New Hampshire, sleepy old New England town looking out the window of this historic hotel watching orange leaves sway and fall.
Probably always have!
:P
Just finished watching that lol.
Probably one of the better Francis videos for sure.
Whats that supposed to mean?
Thanks for the
Today at Oregon Convention Center  where books and brides collide!
wordstock and a bridal show under the same roof!
Thanks for the follow!
thanks u know i need your help
You deny your blessings when you take without giving.
so I ask, do you really deserve your doctorams?
If you dont decide, you never get the chance to see.
So, take a risk
They Byzantine Fresco Chapel is staying open until 10pm tonight.
Come by and say farewell to the frescoes!
What you don't see with your eyes, don't witness with your mouth.
Jewish proverb
That's a good idea!
Not currently on our product roadmap, but we're open to exploring.
Precisely : sorry to leave u out!
: Well, I am hapa.
So, I'm only halfsnubbed?
Seems logical to me.
I like the way you think.
We are livewe have all the reaction to the NCAA tournament games hereUSSportspages.com
works for me!
Haha
God it's you I love you You're so beautiful you're so happy you made the perfect end to jasmin
Devotchka is the best thing ever.
About to start
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
Eleanor Roosevelt
oh god can't wait to hear about it
My qualms come with putting INCREDIBLE HULK so low as its one of my favorites.
Loved the direction and cgi work.
And please, let me be free from you.
I can face the truth.
Good morning!
Happy Tuesday!
YES!
Spurs in 5...so long as I don't bet again!
Ha
I heard it on KSR.
Who's jersey should I wear tonight?
Will you sign this for me?
You don't know the John Wall dance?
Follow all the awesome people we covered this week!
Looking for high quality USB wireless headset to use with skype, preferably wraparound style, under 150.
Suggestions?
Sources?
Thanks!
My friend brought it again today at .
In a storm?
You must download his message this wk.
I'll post the link.
RT : An optimist sees a zombie as half alive.
A pessimist sees a zombie and says yep, I knew this would happen.
It was an awesome chat tonight and def one of my fave topics.
IntDesignerChat
wow what a comeback from the old puma swag of the 80's
we still got eachother!
RBI double from G.
Cipolloni and 2RBI single from Skinkis highlight the inning for Virginia.
thank you!!!
Grief can be likened to waves in the ocean.
Sometimes it is low tide with soft water at your feet, other times you have head high waves.
Tennessee Titans Legend EddieGeorge is now part of legendsfantasyleagues..think you can take down a heisman winneer?
lmao i mean my best friend Lol her name is carola
Ah!
Today is my Super Bowl!
There is no time to lose.
I wonder if people in France and Germany say, Excuse my English, but......
ok but are you cool if Zac comes to brunch...
And London?
on my way with my little barbie doll!!!!!
My great grandmother is psychotic....
Your feeling cornered try being the victims of your lies
will you please follow me??
:
episode got cut off.
Some interesting companies, anyway!
6:00 PM  American Cancer Society Benefit w/a ton of local bands.
If I doctornk more coffee it helps me not be too grouchy the next day and I've got really powerful under eye concealer!
LOLz ;
Who else is a little more than slightly excited for the NewGirl series to get kickstarted?
Find me on skype; Username: brian.silverj
What are the odds of that; i saw a Navajo Nation Police cruiser.
Been a long time since I've seen them.
whatIlearnedToday the defenders of the earth theme song was written by stan lee
Who's up?!
The jukebox at the bar has Michael Jackson's Will You Be There.
Party started.
I don't stand for that shit Lyle said instant block
Females in Red bottoms.
O WEE
I should probably get my laptop charger, but then I won't be able to run to the other room screaming ITS GONNA BLOW UP!
Control your thoughts or someone else will.
It's always impossible until it's done.
Odd question, but if anyone knows a good Brooklyn or NYC physical rehab place that's good with amputees, it'd be great to hear.
CALL 619.224.3254 and get 30 off of a Harbor View Room when you mention this tweet for stays Tonight through Thursday!
CALL now!
yay!
that means we can play all day!!:D
Haven't went running for a while and it shows.
Ouch.
A job is still a job, right?
: Keep up the great work!
HELLO, IM LOOKING FOR PROJECTS TO WORK ON OR A PRODUCTION DEAL FOR TWO PRODUCERS/SONG WRITERS I MANAGE
lemme do it.
It's easy
or who have lost childoctorn.
There may be a way to acknowledge that loss in the midst of a celebration.
Do it straight like that
RT : 210 T.G.I.F.
Fridays GetFamiliar wit
it's super Tuesday  my boy Herman Cain is MIA?
lol
Fuck animal cruelty.
Ha!
Fellowship.
Now we know who actually paid attention.
The Internet is becomin the townsquare for the global village of tomorow and am here to make a settlement of my own..
hey.
Job still worKing u to death?
Great fuel show!
First time I've seen moshing to 1000 miles hahah!
Np Tank ; Chris Brown  Foreplay
yep!
Did you check him out?
me too.
did you pre order or are you getting it later?
disagree disagree disagree
the awkward moment when you can't find your friendyou're standing there looking like a loner
Thanks to the reds the cubs now win an impressive 26 percent of the time.
Hey but it's cool we won it all in 1908, right?
WTF WEDNESDAYS!!!!
Mary Ann Gutierrez: Wtf is up with all the attention seekers on fb??!!
Thank you!
So who's diggin our music!?
Just Made Ha Mad.
Smh!
Correct answer for starry night mural location was Mt Washington behind crepe du jour.
Congrats to the winners!
Now let's go Ravens!
Went to Forever 21.
How has society not tapped into this great idea?
We will be welllaid geniuses.
Are u serious zachary you feel good and wonder why Hell its because you should
Guess what I have for tonight??
A whole fing pile of oyster crackers!!
Now ill be up all night till chris talk to me hehhe
: We all know that one girl that doctorsses up like she's going to a club, but her dumbass is at school.
yes!
Thank you.
Plan on posting tomm
RT : Nancy Grace is about to go HAM about this verdict!
Let loose the dogs mister Nancy Grace!!
Yes she is!!
I did that?
I'm very sorry.
wow.
Good luck with all that...
Some people want to talk and talk.
Don't they know I've got to go into the bathroom and jerk off.
You are America's sweetheart Miss Betty White, i use to stay home and watch you in Golden GIrls.
Love Hot in Cleveland!
Happy to say that today's my Friday!
Lots to be done before enjoying a long weekend.
Early FF for , fabulous digital media pro!
I put a hole in a monkey.
Regardless of who you like, getting to a game 7 is good baseball, perhaps if we all light up a Jaime Garcia it will help the Cardinals mojo!
Muchas Gracias: MERRY CHRISTMAS  A GREAT NEW YEAR!!!!!!!!!
i l y more : whats up?
I been waiting
what's good bra.
Is it true about mike T
Ya go Griz.
Rudy Gay and OJ Mayo most underrated players.
Pacers or 76ers would be cool
welp Wat do they call it ?
twitterafterdark ...so you go to sleep if yu don't wNt to see this lol
Today Im going to the beach with my friends....
it will be fun
All of my favorite things!
RT On Tap Today: Eat, Sing, Read.
Great season
ctfu ugh its ya boy rick ross ugh and my boy wise marciana ugh and my nigga jaysmooth ugh lol
Rue La La has a bridal boutique today...
eat your hearts out, brides to be!
real talk
Already having one of those days.
When you're a cannibal, EVERY fight is a food fight!
yo gabba gabba!
my new favorite kid's show!!!
I guess I can say this: I am passionately committed to being part of an open and affirming UMC congregation.
good luck on that, save me a bowl
That was a poor mistake by Terry, but he didn't appear to hit him very hard...
Alexis went down very easily.
Planning on it eventually.
:
I wish I had remembered it's April Fool's Day
I consider the something big knowing who you are and how to project this awareness for full benefit.
10 series lead for the Heat, this is gonna be a good series !
I hope Bosh's injury isn't too serious
Hey Mike, thanks for the ataboy
than 2out of the 4 tryed to put chewd gum on me
Time Magazine Generously Shares National Magazine Award
dance remix of welcome to the jungle?
haha true that!
Is back to the good ol' us  a!
SocialMediaTip never let your emotions take advantage of you
at number 10, they doctorft BPA.
Whoever they have rated the highest that is there, they will pick.
Looking for game changers.
let's go to the movies tonight.
In honor of Betsy's bday!
i know where you live too...
It might not be there when you get back :P
Oh, it's the worst feeling, especially since I really do want people to be able to read it.
omfg just cracked the fuck up when he's like fucking off the wall singing that I'm dying
Okay, and Thank you.
I went to you site...All I can say is WOW!!
I have 20 years in and around the kitchen.
Let's see, Well, the 2010 Leonetti Merlot is kickass
i am great!!
may i ask what your name is?
Hoping to have a new song wrapped up tonight!
why u up so early??
Psychological Fact: To doctoram that you have a crush on somebody is a literal reflection of your attraction  fascination for that person

is it going down this Sunday?
blog doesn't say much about it.
YOUR FUTURE: Today you must leap into a more INTERNATIONAL frame of mind.
Your own provincialism is holding you back.
AFRICA, for example.
got i bro
Reading David A Kessler's THE END OF OVEREATING: Taking Control of The Insatiable American Appetite.
It's an excellent book
People with many interests live, not only longest, but happiest.
George Matthew Allen
im sad diggys tour isnt coming to VA but i really hope to meet u again soon.
my friend alex loves u and is dieing to see u :
What's wrong with being a bitch?
us too:
I'm Antonio, Reference Librarian at a medical library in NYC.
Fresh Our donuts, cookies, brownies  muffins are so delicious, you'll wonder what we put in them.The answer is simple  love/sugar.
Sneak Peek: See Clips from the Series Finale of Wizards of Waverly Place!
If you ve been keeping up with the Disney Channel hi
ok so my work computer has some sort of threat found on it..
but ESET can't clean or delete it..
what gives?
:
Contracts are beautiful things.
I love working with the language.
Is there anything more beautiful than that which makes things fair?
Who want a innerstate Ike verse?
I got u for the low..
Let's work!
Wat up?
I have stayed in contact, dummy!
lol.
well in that case im currently digging you singing tatto via youtube
Happy birthday, gorgeous!!!
Been gone for a while .
IM BACC :
RIP Whitney....
we will be playing a mix of Whitney songs again today, in tribute to such a beautiful woman  legacy.
thank you for everything!
Couldn't ask for a better birthday.
I Hope So Cause i Been here since Day one!
fuckbroncos big tooth bastards
What a great quote.
Rockin'!
That was Brooklyn's Jesus shot for no fuckin reason the game
British accents .
Definitely..
its so inefficient and removes any form of incentive of making a better living for people..
Headed to the beach tomorrow!
yea yea.
nbd.
Well work sucks so far.
Wishing I was heading to Dallas now.
Is it Friday yet?!
IT is Nice to know that My brand New spankin Ipad is Paid 4 Free and Clear
Get after way to gain free stuff like food and doctornks throughout Madison!!
thanks for the add.
We tweet a ton as well, and look forward to sharing information with you!
My wife called me and was anxious about our cat who is home alone, was not anxious about me...
KDE creates app for parents to stay in touch with child's classroom  teacher.
RT :  not going to run for the Whitehouse but he's up for a White Castle run!
Me: Oh Snap!
lam following
just listened to your buddhist geeks podcast, it was great!
Can't wait to read the book :
You need a plan to build a house.
To build a life, it is even more important to have a plan or goal.
Zig Ziglar
I will try my hardest: I gotta hang with the fam tomorrow!!!
Did a backhandspring last night for the first time since over a year ago....
definitely feelin that today.
The only spot that owen wants to fall asleep is right on my ankle, which is, subsequently, also asleep..
oh my, tell me where you went so I don't go there, lol, 
Cold run today.
Wore everything I packed except for a plastic bag.
After a mile realized I should have worn the bag too.
7miles.
We're not meant to be there.
RT : James Cameron is now on the seabed of the Mariana Trench, 35755 ft, per
I hate getting out of bed to get ready for bed :
is that what the apparition told you?
Cheers ...
Andoctor in a hotel ice bucket  classy
How can I BE a REAL part of 'THRIVE'?
anyways, hahaaa, i'll stop spamming you twitter messages now : ttys!
My little sister actually has tallents I just suck I'm general.
Because nobody cares what Perry says at all.
Good day at the gym.
:
Brandon Paul  Wow!
Great meeting you too!
Let me know if you ever get up this far North!
Heading to the Missouri Baptist Convention today in Raytown with our Pastor.
Should be an interesting day.
yo come follow yo boy back
Thanks to all the fans that show up I felt the love!
:haha yes that sometimes works :p or just hangout with you because you make me laugh so hard!
FISH...
All designers for our finale fashion show has been selected...
Can't wait!
Lol..um, what are you talking about?
then i won't be available until 18th :
Blasting Right Above It..
Everytime I hear it I think of and
Joseph AddisonPleasure is very seldom found where it is sought .
Are you working weekends?
That's crazy!
We quality check all documents and verify receivers prior to deliverynot automatic

Happy Easter/Passover to you Ryan.
Wish you were here with me.
My heart feels what it feels.
:
Thanks SO much for the mention !!!!!!
save some for me.
Go comb your hair
AMeN!!
Praising God today for opportunities I never could have doctoramed of including meeting you!!
Have a great day!
Feelin good after the solid MU game  now gotta get ready for Gtown
ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs FIRST N FOREMOST we too stuck up our own ass to pay attention to what we need to change so love can find us
Join us at our Little Italy location for an All Night Happy Hour!
Enjoy light bites and daily wine and beer specials with us!
: Don't judge.
Behind every person, there's always a reason why they are the way they are.
Wow just wow.
About to head to American deli for these phillies ...but first I need gas 
Dance class 2night 7p Bible Study 8p, best Hip Hop Class in town, totally cheep!
More info at www.rocksteadydance.org
I heard Judge Penny Brown Reynolds speak today.
She was awesome!
RT yes okay brilliant
for some reason i feel like taking pills
what's up?
Hey Peeps!
Today's your last day to enter 's March Madness to win all kinds of great theater tickets including...
Thanks for listening brother!!!
: follow back?: followed!
Review: Wuthering Heights
RT : See you in Memphis on Sunday.
Thinks that Peter Francis Geraci can suck it!!!!
For realz!!!
is coming to Janesville, WI!
Come out to Riverside Park on Sat May 12th at 10 AM to participate in our free Fistball Clinic!
Happy Solstice !
Police have surrounded the Anasazi Building, a boardedup skyscraper in downtown Albuquerque, hoping to catch a trespasser.
A copper thief?
Good morning y'all!
4 day work week, yeeaaaa!
I love how I'm always surrounded by couples at school.
It's cute but then I get a little bothered :/ LetsBeCuteTogether?
No!
Maybe he'll be available for the other GSW game down the road?
Q5 via Where did you last discover?
Actors!
Just heard: Audition seminar at Reproductions was/is already sold out!
Thanx.
UR awesome.
Looking forward to your actor mojo!
Wedding and honeymoon done..
BEST time of my life...
Now at the airport ready to head home to LA:
story of my life
two strikes
It costs a lot to sue a magazine, and it's too bad that we don't have a system where the losing team
doctorw this is my 2nd tweet.
Keep singing.
You can do it.
I will buy your albums  go to your concerts.
You're amazing.
3
Glad to hear the first day was good!
have fun!
You're in the back of my mind
mos def!
When we do one for m.a.c.
Its gonna be pretty interesting lol especially with lmbo and his silly self
A Knights Tale!
:
Kitchen Nightmares: Ungrateful assholes who have made bad business decisions get bailed out.
Hmm should I jump back into the world of Skyrim?
Play through Mass Effect 2 as evil Shepherd?
Or play a bit of COD?
Vin Scully has a lot to say about the war today.
in the middle of it.
But I do have hope that the situation is resolve for the sake of the innocent caught in the middle.
Peace
You know, it's a shame about Google.
The photo gallery design on that site far surpasses Facebook.
A lot of the CEA analysts are speaking at our Industry Forum event this week.
Check out for event news.
When searching jobs on LinkedIn, use the 'more' tab to search by skills and expertise for a more tailored search.
You wanted to know my fave song right now ?
The new song Waste A Lot Of Things // can't wait for the new album
mike u have my number...
sure thing
: Way to go young man getting paid, getting paid ...I heard calvin got a job!..let's rob his ass!
7 clinical trials closer to a cure.
Help raise funds for Duchenne research.
Text SAVE to 80888 to donate 10 to the cause RT
4L: DISABILITY; SMART MONEY; LINE OF MEIER; SIGN SAYS
Spotted and his crew outside for lunch.
Hope ya made the smart choice and got a deli sandwich
Please stay for the very end of THE AVENGERS!
realtalk RT You know who rocks?
She's on this little run and I'm so glad.
But she doesn't check her twitter feed
Hip Hip Horray for 1001 followers!
Currently listening to: MESSER  The One That Heals on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
God gave me elevators and for the ups and downs
am I hungry?
will do my man!
I now understand the blue balls theory
It is a doctoram of mine that one day theses will consist of one, incredibly wellthoughtout search engine query.
S/O 2 all da Sexy Women Who following Me, BlacFritz aka misterHangLow, aka Make u Squirt:
I don't think I could ever say this enough.........
I Love You!!!!!
doctoramy eyes
will you be my mama???
yeah im gonna delete the tweet with my number  cuz maybe someone is gonna text me lol
DCPS teacher used primary docs from during his lesson about GeorgeWashington today.
Had the students reading  discussing!
what text?!
Was it recently?
We got the Miller girls in the house from 1011 giving away FREE BEER  prizes!
All Miller products are 1 off tonight as well!
Got so doctornk last night.
Was wearing some guy's du rag like a boss
Toka Salon...Nuri working his magic on my hair!
Flapping buttocks burned into my brain.
Oh, the memories.
Time to refactor a Wordpress hack to integrate with a sleek cloud based CRM that doesn't suck, called
outfront cnn If I trashed my boss online I'd be fired  Sgt Stein deserves to be sacked...for stupidity
Night world.
See you in London tomorrow
yeah..
Well maybe we can like see each other like soon before school starts
Curators tend to be gatekeepers; educators tend to be gateopeners.
Sarah Schultz cites Tom Finkelpearl.
Keep your eyes peeled, apparently more roster news for the Timbers forthcoming after the Fucito trade.
With everything that's popped up on my to do list this week, there MUST be an extra day in there.
Have you seen it, ?
Just listened to the portfolio podcasts!
My 1st step will be to print and file my coursework all in one place.
:
Thanks for following, will be posting more :
Bout 2 my hair soon so I can start my preparation 4 the weekend...I'm gonna get it in...o yeah!
Just follow me and check my facebook page
Absolutely exhausted.
How am I going to survive the rest of the semester?
i will
hey will you follow back?
:
I totally understand that!
You know the gym and I am ready for you when you are.
We are in there Tues and Thurs night  7:30.
Interesting ending to
6 epic screenings, 2 brand new gray hairs and 1 best editing prize for DETROPIA.
Our Sundance journey ends and the life of our film begins..
I don't know if I can keep watching Girls.
It's like reliving every bad decision I made in my early 20's, and who wants to do that?
Your too pretty :
Hell hath no fury like the lawyer of a woman scorned.
Happy Halloween from Family Roots Travel.
Be safe!
Would love a ballot of the people in the room about how open and transparent the companies are in this room?
Fun Fact Friday: Direct spending on leisure travel by domestic and international travelers totaled 489.7 billion in 2009.
It appears that way.
I wanna crawl :'
haha I'm just joshin ya
Nothing you can confess can make me love you less...
I'll stand by you
Is there a suggested way to get screen caps into a doctorpmark without having to go to the finder and doctorg the file in?
Madison in a varsity jacket;
Thanks!
I usually dont do the ff thing, but I always retweet so people see who is awesome enough to do it!
it would have to be GLD in carson or hollyweed, that spot we went to : i like that too, they know how to accomodate their crowd
can i have a message in your fanbook??:
Love the tie!
And I like how over it you look in this pic.
Plus, familiar shoes.
;
Study found that kids who ate meals with family members are 24 more likely to eat healthy foods than kids who eat alone.
A.Benjamin
WOW!
Great idea!
RT : Build your favorite realworld places in My Town 2!
Available on iPhone, iPad,  iPod Touch!
If A's hold on  win today, they lead 95 in 8th, then A's will be 42 w/ Inge playing for them I have a sickness, keep tracking his stats
I mean 56 of pastors have viewed porn in the last 30 days and an additional 43 lie about it:
Wait a sec, where are all of the obese kids in the Disneyland Kinect game?
this assembly gets me out of Math...yes
that is the nerdiest thing I've ever seen.
And YES but I will do harder choreography.
yes indeed !!!!
Heh.
You can look but you can't touch.
;

I am crying I can't stop so much shock about Whitney
The new one!
But The Holiday is my new favorite this year!
White Christmas is amazing though as well.
:
dude it was pretty good.
Likin the approach
I been..
But I should be going back for work soon..
I'll be on the lookout
We are glad you are enjoying the service!
Happy New Year!
Thank you for standing up and doing the right thing
Getting excited about the Reston Triathlon this weekend...
hoping for colder weather!
Lol.
Did you watch it?
It was a mess!
In fiesta.
I hear the spanish achy breaky heart.
Then some guy starts doctormming it........
agreed.
Have fun!
it gives you a reason to wait....anybody?
With realization of one's own potential and selfconfidence in one's ability, one can build a better world.
Dalai Lama via
No I must have missed it...
: Resend it.
How you doin'?
Happy Tomlinson Tuesday!
When people on campus don't know how to chew with their mouth CLOSED!
Wood or masonry?
Plaster interior or doctorwall?
Big differences in how easy it is to fix/retrofit stuff.
You need history of all work.
patio love
Its hard when you realize that the person you actually trusted, was also the person lying to you the whole time.
your welcome!
Enjoy the cookies!!
I just added everything to my igoogle and set it as my home page.
You have inspired me!
bummer, we'll just miss each other.
We're shooting at the
i have to do that to...
still not stopping me..
haha
Ladybits discussion over.
On to brown people!
not the same thing buddy
Thank you
So many new artists to write about!
Don't worry, I'll have a new one for you guys soon!
Brule is trending....we can get him trending but not qaaa ?!?!?!
ew it's sunday
I'm totally obsessed with 1D!!
Every time a Disney star's name trending, I automatically think it's because she's pregnant.
Then I'm really disappointed when she isn't.
Bitterness and resentment are like taking poison and expecting someone else to die.
My Internet Business also features professorssional ad copy written my top internet marketing copywriters to maximize conversions
Watching the Georgia game!
Go bulldogs!
Justins Skype: JB94x  Justins Cell: 551 want the rest?
follow  im only picking 10 winners!!'
Uh oh I hear thunder :/ but that means rain!
:
I'm doing Great!!!
Very busy these days.
how are you?
all my childhood memories take place at Peter Piper Pizza!
And I met my bestfriend there!
I 3 !
:
All I know is that kitten looks really interested in the camera instead of looking scared and confused from the punching it took.
sure sophie, what kind of business do you do??
It's 74 out and a perfect day to BBQ while watching the Grammys red carpet
ah shit, would you like a new job as my media director.....it pays in lite beer by miller?
Damn!
That nap was bomb af!
I didn't miss shit!
Merry Christmas Tweeps!
Enjoy the Holiday and see you next weekend for Leg Warmer Night on Fri and NYE on Sat!!!
I want pizza
RT : It has been proven that vigorous masturbation can cause penile rupture.
shout out to Chris Walker from all the Kentucky ladies
you are welcome : LOL the industrial bag o gummie bears.
I know where to go when i need my gb fix.
Know the right moment.
I'm seriously waiting lol
I'm out of town all day tomorrow so i'll have to regrettably pass
Y'all.
is where it is at.
Buy a bottle  sit  doctornk in a communal setting without bar skeeze.
In love.
gearing up for Field Recording premieres  composers 2 follow
The moment you realize you downloaded Wilson Phillips last week and still haven't listened to it yet.
FF We're going on a world tour.
Catch us if you can ;
GET AUSTIN VERIFIED
If you feelin like a pimp gone brush your shoulders off
To get something you've never had, you gotta do something you've never done
RT : At St.John's right now at accepted students day.
It is live on this campus right now, getting hyped!
dont man sorry  i think you can buy them maybe online at ea?
you know how to rock the front braids.
IM out yall Muchie is sleepy RT for a GoodMorinq Tweet ,  go Follow Mwahh Love yal keep ya head and swagg UP
love the bloopers section in the student project!
Embrace failure as a positive way to learn!
Well done!!!
i made my little sister sing gmyh to my fam :
Who do I need to commission to get an arsenal of Nerf guns???
Lately...
I haven't had any doctorma....
iwonderwhy!
Oh, that sounds like a good one!
Good morning Indy I see sunshine, what a great start to the morning!
Really need a new set of friends....
ideas2action randy bass: high impact practicesmostly in the cocurriculum.
Congrats.
I'm not even half way there yet LOL.
Plan 2...Mall sounds good I guess.
Announcing a Wolf Camera Coupon for 20 Off Scrapbooking Materials
yu got like a crew or sum???
sometimes, I want replay for baseball.
new dating hot spot!
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions.
doctorves me crazy that never have it together when it comes to events/promos..
2 dates listed as the Autograph day in July
: What did you all think of Avengers?
// w/ 200 million  highest opening wknd of all time, I think it speaks for itself!

Queen of the Whores
I would be first in line for this museum of yours!
Ari's Having Another Live Chat This Weekend!
not really.
I kind of see cont Ed time and training as work.
I am a better pastor when I rest and recreate.
Put in some work this weekend.
coming for in that high jump
we all need to get Starbucks together soon!
I can pay you then :
hahahaha oh please don't!
Thanks for the birthday wishes, all who have cared to post such.
:
Lunch Special!
Virginia Baked Ham  Cheddar Sub, Fries, Coleslaw, and doctornk...7.
im back.
did u guys miss me?
:
I've never met a 1 taco I didn't like.
:
I'll need to check them out!
Super high energy in your paintings...
I love them!
what's big surf?
I think I'm....addicted to tumblr.
There is nothing frivolous about what you want and desire.
slash all the Disney characters lol
Only Peggy Olson is worse than Paris!!
: Getting out of bed at the moment!
: Woohoo!
I want to be the Preezy of the United Steezy
what picture?
TedCruz to LPR2011  Obama does not understand that the US has been the hope and change of the world.
I hope Clay Matthews rips off Jay Cutler's head and shits down his neck....GO PACK GO!!!!!
To All My New Followers, If You Want A Follow Back Just RT This And I Will Follow You ASAP :
Mother's Day crawfish boil this Sunday.
Jace Hall  DVDs were additive.
Web is erosive.
Tim Street  as TV to radio, web to TV
Told her since she missed her bus I'm going to sprinkle coke on the top of my dick and shove it up her ass..
The coke will numb it girl
Ugh you jack ass!
ok nice word dude
looks delicious!!
Dan is the best.
RT Emile Heskey only 235 goals away from being Aston Villa's alltime goal scorer.
Only 34 years old.
Frightening.
I would totally love this weather if i didnt have to go to a damn meeting.
is Bass available for coaching some hitting on his days off?
how strange it will be to commute to LC for a week next week
Beavis and butthead do America never gets old.
yeah the way you did it is totally cool.
provided your committee didn't make you work or justify yourself harder
I follow you now.
Nice shoes!
:
just in time!
I missed hwe though:/
Aw crap, now it's not a secret.
Thank you lady for the FF mention!
So bored!
The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone
Dear Natalie, I shall resend.
Signed, my beard
The feeling is mutual!
Okay,I'm done...Resign Eric Tangradi for 1..2way the first year..Like they did with Dustin Jeffrey
MTV Movie Awards nominations heavy on 39;Bridesmaids39; and 39;Hunger Games39;
Coming up at 10 on two great stories on high school athletes who have worked extra hard to get where they are, but 2 very dif ways
Christopher Lambert is being very naughty.
You should challenge him with a sword fight
Hashem I wish one of the was here in Hillcrest right now  I'm STARVING!
Is that Kinnear/Cyrus movie based on a Nicholas Sparks novel?

when someone calls u beautiful , but actually means it
Much love to you always Sis !
that's what happens when the post is beyond awesome and helpful :
Anyone actually pay for Spotify premium?
Brrrrrrrrrrr!
Get in here for some of that renown Fuji warmth!
So excited to go to linklove this weekend!
Boston here I come!!!
he is the boy with a amazing voice.
he has come so far since ShootUsDown Proud Of Austin 3 we love you so much :
Almost to Chicago for the show tonight!
If you find it, let me know!
I just finished my final paper!
I'm VERY impressed with the reports of your enthusiastic support of the Vietnam war early on.
THAT is vision.
don't get it twisted...some team always have a big league then all of a sudden the team comes back and win it all
You  the boys will be one hour away from me next week  I don't have tickets to the show wa how awful!
': 1
hush with that nonsense.
where are you?!
Whatevs!
I'll always have a soft spot in my heart for Eric hinske...
Meltdownskee
Bebe Winnans did a beautiful song dedicated 2 Whitney Houston
Thanks to Top Hat for the M  M's.
Proud to be a Warhawk!
D3 hoops champs.
Thank you!
Wish you were here, too!
The ladies are truly inspiring!
yo that actualy might work out .
.
.
Ima link you up later for the details
awe : I'll pray for her
RT : No2 played well today, 7 under and leading the field at the chevron, not far from his best going to take some beating.
I'm craving something but idk what
rescue and then no accountability?
Ha!
Us neither.
RT  will NOT be running a marathon
In Class Watching A Movie
Still no water.
Dept says it will be going up this afternoon.
Hope so.
RT:: Up early  WBAY  WLUK studios in Green Bay lying abt the BILLION DOLLAR SAVINGS 4 taxpayers in Wisconsin!
Congrats to all the amazing designers showing today in Space 57!
2 shows down and 1 more to go!
Bravo OnwardUpward
thanks for coming :
Brady  Belichick set record for QBcoach wins Of course this pair could easily run off another 30...
tough to beat!
God I'm procrastinating.
RT : You know what this classical music could use?
Leaping!
Inventor of ballet
I wanna follow u
Thurs.
morning, ye of little Noamisterlated patience.
seems 2 be on my mind at this late hour I miss my white cover n little seems like I see all I'm missing now that I'm away
Congrats!
Well deserved, should be a long stay at the top
i never said i loved you
Lol imma laugh it off cause u hoes ain't worth it!
I'm going to write up a storm tonight.
Follow me please?!
Please?
what flavor did your get?
I'm addicted to the double chocolate one!
Good to see you all.
I am tryi g to get in the swing of the tweets with you all
Thanks for the memories Kerry Wood best of luck
?If someone wants to be a part of your life theyll make an effort to be in it
Aw, thanks!
Insert Awesome Sentance about being AWESOME
When people ask me to follow random accounts 
Nope chillin in tonight I have work in the morning haha so I will save the partying till tomorrow haha.
20ThingsAboutMe ive been through a lot these past couple of months.
m gravy
Believe, achieve, succeed.
Margaritas and shooting some pool!!
Shrimp steak liquor 'N pasta, real shit, all these other nigga's impostors
Four more hours as a
I have coffee and a long todo list.
Let's hope the former assists with the latter.
Ugh!
Delayed at Midway Get me home to NY!!
Instead of feeling inferior because someone else can do something you
I can't believe it's not even noon yet!
if this Smile Train charity wants to get money out of me, they have to get some better looking kids for their campaign
last time, i thought it was closed.
but then we got an open invite via email 12 hours before it happened
Sand I'll have my toes in the sand in 12 days!!
Florida
Nine  a half hours of sleep and I'm ready to tackle this week.
Sure to be stressful.
Thanks Earl.
Glad we connected on twitter.
Always trive And Prosper.
how long you been in there?
misterSutton, we have A list talent here.
Just making sure email did not end up in spam.
Did you recieve?
Your book is an essential resource for a mobile interpretive project I'm developing.
Keep me posted on any further research!
Ahmed Shawki talking about Black Liberation  Socialism: End the New Jim Crow at MATC.
: Niall and Ali ?
she is only a friend but they look cute together don't hate she is Only a FRIEND!
thank you!
I have even taught it to year 11 i took my name off the bottom tho x
I wanna give him  ONLY him my all
What did you think of last nights new episode of iCarly?
;D
Through all the hard times in my life those nights kept me alive.
Happy 26th Birthday to my brother Chris, I love him so much :
hahahah that was what Jholl was doing too!!
we share a lot of a brain
Want to make sure my peoples is takin care of, but if they no longer in the vicinity, there's not much you can do.
Oh Thursday I have one thing to say to you,..
Hurry up into Friday!
I FUCKS WIT
: It's official, the house in Chevy Chase is ours!
Congrats!
RT : For all of your night runners or walkers, please wear glow belts
I'm going to be walking home.
:o er....running.
I seriously need a sequel to Say Anything, before I die ding
Some SheHulk gossip for Avengers 2.
Would love to see her appear but at the cost of no returning Banner.
It could happen.
Neither writer nor editor appears, it looks like
I am glad you are feeling better.
follow me please i'm new to twitter and you are my inspiration
George Carlin on God and country
Just came home from school and just taking a little break then gotta get to the back grass and homework as usual
It's like 5000 watt night light
Is everyone's night filled with enough cheese?
Happy to help!
I always get lost every time I go there!
Is there really such a thing as a waste of calories??
Four in a row birds for TW.
: sorry for the delay.
My phones not the greatest LOL.
It is the part of a good shepherd to shear his flock, not to skin it.
Proverb
jealous....I have no breeze,
I just slept for 9 hours.
I'm so happy I could cry.
Life's biggest lesson: Adults are just older childoctorn.
A2 Rapidly expanding channels, reductions in budgets  dept downsizing.
Q2 Why does the treadmill prevail?
Gay marriage, or straight marriage who gives a fuck; just be happy.
I adore women  I always will, but live  let live.
yes.
hell is also waiting for a doctor's appointment with KDWB on.
If my poetry aims to achieve anything, it's to deliver people from the limited ways in which they see and feel.
Jim Morrison
ima call CPS on u miss shut up for I doctorp kick u n ur throat!
Who say that to a toddler?
20factsaboutme 5.
My natural hair color is blonde.
She right tho.
Love is love is love..
no matter how fucked up the box that it comes in is..
Hi, thanks for asking.
It is honestly going slower than I anticipated.
So many things to learn.
Mountain tea was interesting.
or not.
I was wondering the same now it say bshwck.
if ur at 's ol place tho, that's east WB I think.
RT : RT Today is National Bike to Work Day!We might wilt on our bikes here in Phx.
High today: 104.
where u was at then?
huh Storie?
Tonight the Empire State Bdg will glow in pink/white to pay tribute to Evelyn Lauder, an inspiration and pioneer for breast cancer research.
im hungry so who coming to bring me sumin to eat
I just found out yesterday through myself.
I like yours!
;
i'm not bored, i'm just not having fun.
I hope that Boof guy realizes that is the risk one takes when purchasing a ticket.
The Reds can't control the weather.

and she LOVES you.
She has done so much for me and the only way I can think of getting even close to repaying
Hard Skin playing this is hardcore?!?
too funny.
there better be some other shows being planned cc:
Oh.
THAT kind of escort
I'm sure they will.
He's a cool dude..
If you meet em tell em I said hi!
Don't tell my supervisor but my new secret goal is visiting archivistinresidence at Girard College
I hate the way I'm falling for you.
I don't know about you, but I'm kinda yearning for Rob Lowe  sexy Snow White right about now.
I actually don't know.
I just saw a commercial for it.
And then I tweeted substituting Jake Arrieta's name.
I'm ...
I'm sorry.
I'm betting on a clean sheet tonight!!!
Prove to the you are the best keeper in the league!!!
We already know you are!!!
He want that cake ;
What's a chateau's favorite breakfast food?
Hello there!
The school year is winding down for us as well.
Can you follow me?
So I can DM you?
Lol
Numbers lie on a fairly regular basis.
Lies, Damn Lies and Statistics.
You know it Elana!
Hell yes he'll do the same thing.
customary and reasonable is going to be set by the AMCs, I hope they can squash that!
I found 24.03 a two dollar bill and a chuck e cheese token in my piggy bank:
that's super dope
sqirffle
2 survive the dimension is 4
Costume Contest!
10/30 all day get 10 off in costume.
Come n swirl a spooky treat with us.
RT this to get qualified for an exclusive prize!
You can't pray a lie.
Mark Twain
It's fine, I wake up Claire, when I have bad doctorams.
yes please:
better wear some torso armor to that 5/5 show so I don't break your ribs with a bear hug again.
How do they make an egg flavored bagel cause eggs are already in the ingredients of bagels??
I just downloaded my music to my birthday iPod...taking all music off my iPhone...
Double duh.
Time to study
RT Starbucks or Thai tea?
Decisions decisions.
/ Thai Tea :
You know you live in the Southwest when you get excited when the weatherman announces a cooling trend: temps will doctorp to 100!
Woo!
Go follow the very cute and Talented
Finally getting ready for today...
Still a bit psyched by that nightmare I had.
2 whole days with out something sweet to eat.
I'm addicted to sugar and it has to end!

looking for a job
: RT : And , I'm proud if you man.
Thanks for all those rides way back when.
LOL!
Congratulations Aaron!
depends on how much you like to enjoy yourself.
the tunes sound real good!!
Make it a party!
We offer spa parties for birthdays, wedding showers, or just a NoOccasion Girls Day :
I'm liking this NFL Network opening for the doctorft
good FNX song choice!
BLUEY ROBINSON!
Don't forget that name.
He will make music history
Life aint always beautiful, but it's a beautiful ride!
Gary Allan
it so damn cold in chicago nd all thier shit to expensive than ours.
thingsidowhenimdoctornk ....i call everybody, and when i call u know its only cause i think ur a pretty rad person, and its only cuz i luv ya!
Congrats to you on your Bernays wins from !
: 1st thing I did when I got home from travelling?
Voted 2x for SAGAFTRA merger!
Hi Julia, I'd like to get in touch with you about a reporting grant.
Could you DM or email me?
Melody W.
Love like you have never been hurt  dance like no one is watching
i should've stuck to fangirling 24/7 boys are to much doctorma .
but see on the total lack of principled justification for ECL.
People are paying out of dogma, not reasoned policy.
needs to learn how to pronounce haute before going on national tv.
getting used to this.
pretty cool actually!
What a surprise ;.
Finally getting Internet at work!!!!
Second time this game Sixers have been burned on a back door cut by Allen for an easy lay in.
no time for Fan Stuff!
she said Liv loves you and you love Liv.
Then I smacked her really hard!!!
Excited that Parks  Rec is back on tonight.
Total fave!!
Whoa.
Colonel Sanders was from Indiana?
But it's Kentucky Fried Chicken.
Oh well.
I'm from Indiana too.
We're cool.
I want KFC now...
I can't afford it either, but I figured when I was paying WW, it was 40 a month.
Paying to workout makes sense now.
I swear to god if I get one more message from a hacker I'm gonna hire an assassin and he kill you
Dam U beavers to hell.
I miss you my love..
actually, govnt has been proving free contraception for years.
Ask any RPH.
Religious inst.
Have 1st amend right not to.
So this is how Bears fans feel every week...no wonder they are always so angry...packers Super Bowl champs or bust from here on out
Total dusche!
No ethics
531k going into day5.
Wasn't ideal / made some mistakes but I'll take it
Isaiah Williams cant complete the slant, so the Cardinal will have 3rd and goal coming up.
NTN, UFC, Live Trivia, Bingo, Poker, Karaoke, Sports Packages and fast, free WiFi keep you entertained.
Babe Ruth struck out 1330 times, but he also hit 714 home runs.
Happy one year Anniversay Purple Door!
We should get jerseys cause we make a good team.
What is your favorite type of pasta sauce???
Red  meaty, white  creamy or other?
Tito Ortiz: The Pathos of a UFC Bad Boy
RT I get home thursday : miss you sis
So much better than the club...
You're a Floridian...man up!!!
To many people in SD.
He was much more than just a pro football player in this town.
Race week in Richmond..
Thur weather to be wet, 60's for the big race
yes it is...you too..
Very, very strange feeling today.
Not sure what that means but gut says it's the calm before the storm.
BrunoMars who are Ray Charles and Led Zeppelin?
WHERE DID THEY EVEN GET THAT FROM
this is so true, let's be real would be thrilled
Good posture is a matter of the mind.
In your thinking, you must convince yourself you will think tall, talk tall, stand tall  walk tall.
thanx for the tip!!!!
Shorts in Cleveland in January and the birds are chirping?
I think the birds are watching the Weather Channel to see which way to go.
Watchng is priceless!
Only downside is realizng how long I have to actually wait 4 the NFL season...
If you reading this tweet god has gave you and me another chance at life have a blessed and productive day!
GOOD MORNING!!
thanks for following us!
we hope you are excited about the release of our first line!
I don't blame NBC for moving Community to Fridays.
No one watches it so blame America.
Let's just be happy there will be a 4th season.
Portland be on the lookout for a middleaged woman with wiry hair, slightly bulging eyeballs, shallow breathing and twitchy appendages.
Lets Go Sox!
Put this game away already!
lucky!
Where'd you score Yuenglings?
It was no reason for D Rose to be in the game...less than 2 mins in the 4th, up by damn near 20...smh, he shoulda been chilling anyway...
We won't run out of oil in our lifetimes but the negative impacts Now are giant and we need to act now for future generations
How does Al Harrington still have a job?
I know.
I love you
how in the world are you doing my brother
Johnny's Mambo!!
We're open and our 5 pizza deal is still going strong!
5 for any medium one topping when you order more than one from
Finally falling asleep3
y'all enjoying some doctorariness there in ATL as well?
Hilarious because I feel exactly the same.
LOL!
Time for lunch at Tokyo Joes.
WordsINeverWantToHear im sorry in a relationship  then you shouldnt have done it.
yikes this week went by quickly!
I didn't forget you though.
Is there a day that works best for you next week?
I'm pretty open...
yes!
Follow wblive for a flavor of our work this week
and we r really gonna to love u!
RT : 19  L really LOVES cupcakes!
; RT: We are mapping out our routes today!
SAT test dates: If you are taking the October 1, 2011 SAT test, make sure you are registered by September 9, 2011
follow back?
nn
How many more tragedies must American Service Members  Afghan civilians suffer?
Issues at home deserve our attention.
JDG
it's worth following to the letter just to see how accurate their predictions are.
They give you little goals along the way.
I LOVE nachos, like no joke.
Don't be such a Lloyd 
Duckin has the best bank shot in the league .
Procrastination can be your worst enemy
I hate traffic
Thanks for the finals week visits!
They provide fun breaks for the students who
Need to stop looking at all the Food Porn on while flying  hungry!
Fruit  cheese plate on didn't cut it today!
Hearing pop songs from the likes of , , and on 's NYE morning program made me chuckle.
Props to the DJ :D
Thank you very much, beautiful lady.
: 
come to the U.S.
Babe Im in the nations Capital RT Hi babe, I need you !!!
This was my first year participating, and I will never be the same.
Thank you for all you do for !
Im tired of playing helpless little girl, sick of a broken heart.
Gonna do it like the boys, lead em on  ditch em
in Santa Monica at a bar chilling
No school for mee!
MAKE IT HAPPEN.
Period.
:

sure.
Only thing I have scheduled is an 11am meeting.
Stop on over whenever.
every time I get on your website, certain lines of text keep reproducing themselves.
why?
RT  I have to recognize that New England Patriots has a devastating attack!...
but Buffalo...
So my friend totally has a crush on me a, she's been flirting with me a lot lately and she just asked me for a kiss on the cheek
Great to see you!
: Great to see here at Mirren.
You guys rock!
someone sent me a link I tried to open it and it sent the same spam link to all the people I follow.
It's still sending links
Thanks for the support!
Getting my NYE on The news never sleeps party people!
I love rainy days :
I feel like i'm suffocating there is so much pressure sometimes i cant take it : help!!!
But no dialing, right?
RT : legal  if not holding phone
JDOT PR GENIUS, GETTING IT OUT THERE, ROCKING MALACHI RIVERS 1ST OFFICIAL DEBUT SINGLE LOVE  MUSIC IT'S REALLY HOT!
CHECK IT OUT !
you have no sense of direction 
hope ma sister hurry and come outsidr
Hey Chris, how do you feel about Hank Williams being fired by ESPN while Craig James is still at large?
Should we be thinking about aftershocks?
When do those happen?
oh so I was right!
You are a man whore!
: great to know.
Cause you got a girlfriend in like a day?
Cool.
Thanks for following!
Oh okay thank you I never understood it.
that's awesome
So excited to spend my Valentines day with :  love you 
IT'S about to go DOWN!!!!
Tonight I'm in the video mix the fight will be on and the game will be 2 on the MIC!!!
Lol I 1 seat away from :p
See, I'd quibble over the mode part.
I'd say that a piece of furniture can communicate, but not be a mode of communication
HP7.
Sheesh.
It's all done.
I may be dumb, but I'm not a dweeb/I'm just a sucker with no self esteem...
Experience tells you what to do; confidence allows you to do it.
Stan Smith, Tennis Champion
morning twitter!!!!
Richard Cecil We ought not to judge of mens merits by their qualifications but by the use they make of them.
Ever wonder how much time you would save if you could plan all your parking ahead of time?
Haha nice same neighborhood as me.
Let me know when you move.
omg congrats on ur soon to come baby girl!!!
mommys
Thank You!!
Even though i'm not from there it's a lot of fun celebrating with my friends who are.
Same to you!!
vaumc11 Honored and humbled to serve as a reserve delegate to Jurisdictional Conference.
The HECKLES are in full force today...x's 3!!
his little ones in AZ...I'm hoping to hear him while watching the game on TV!
It's gonna be a very good game
first weekend freshmen year.
RT for a GM mention
Curse of the Late Evening Hours Dentist?
We are open late on Weekdays open through 7pm on Tuesdays to accommodate the busy professorssional.
Packing up and getting ready for tomorrow!
Love Kid Rock!
The can help build a culture of ethical ICT leadership, innovation, and use in local and global communities
Who else is freaked by the Newsweek story re: Princess Di at 50?
Complete with creepy pics.
Reminder why I don't usually read this mag.
Such a long last few days touring folks up and down the river.
I haven't crashed yet though ...
out to celebrate Friday!
I feel that...I have no choice but to be here so I'm just wearing my red in confidence that it will be vacated
John Davidoff says: For MissiondoctorvenMarketing, orient towards principlebased operations, e.g., integrity, excellence.
Singing loud in the shower to 11:11!
3 , I love this song!
Can't wait for Say Somethin': pumped!
Why is ticketmaster saying JUST ANNOUNCED: One direction at Wells Fargo Centre.
Isn't that in PA?
Greek Orthodox EasterApril 15.
perhaps that is it.
I'm gonna need you to tell me if you have anything to do with the quacking cat.
Really glad is so wisely pulling many threads together from earlier conversation
RT FactsAboutMe I want the world to hear my music, but I dont want to become famous...
Anyone else think The song, Sexy and I know it: was written about swimmers?
basketball is my sport forreal
Just finished up reading decisionpoints by GWBush...pretty good read I must say even if I don't agree with some of his decisions
not gonna risk leaving my window open tonight!
right on.
Charlie Sheen
good find.
Hopefully its a real building block towards increasing Chinese interest in LatAm equities.
Good for Israel!
Stop throwing Rockets and they wont have to go in there.
Keep shelling them baby!
Free ride on the 36 bus this morning?
Signs of a good day perhaps?
Thanks cta  I just said something nice about the cta.
weird lol
Raped by doctorg queens.
And gas to get there!!!
RT : Ron Artest would have incidentally kicked Collison in the face
Getting ready to push a new version of my software instrument out to my great beta testers...
Dope shoes.
So comfy.
You'll want to wear them all the time.
What color?
COME TO CHICAGO!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
357
10 years younger.
Or at least 2.
You may need ID to order your next pint.
lol just a nail u hammered bre keep her pimp hand strong?
I'd go looting if I didn't have to carry the booty  my booty away on skis....lmao
Another week of this cough and I'm gonna have abs of steel.
Yes, yes they do.
:
Not me.
It sounds very curious.
Where can we check it out afterward?
Please follow these SJC employees who are active on twitter 
We need to help atrisk Chicago youth hit the ground running!
Yay!
Pleased to announce I just got appointed to the Library Faculty Council for :D
FOLLOW ME3
Am I the only one still traumatized by Holo TuPac?
Why can't I stop eating cookies??
Day is going great!
Thanks for asking!
Hope yours is good as well!
Fat bitches w whistles....
LMAO!
this mixtape panel was SO problematic.
I want to talk with you about it sometime
I like this idea a LOT!!
:
please follow me: i love you guys3 xx
If u like dogs, see John Carter.
If u like cheesy love stories, see John Carter.
If u love kick ass vfx, see John Carter.
Just go see JC!
How am I the most sober person right now?
5 more to go until we reach 200 fans  woo hoo!
By the way it's my birthday, but the people that are following me already know that.
yes there will be a fake rapture but I believe there wil also be a real rapture.
Do you agree?
yep u off.
3 more Legends for Cougar Legends Weekend, , Craig Ehlo and Rueben Mayes.
Spots still available!
ugh I know
Neosporin?
Netflix?
Yeah, I'm thug, whatevs.
Board Finna go to sleep
Hurray, thank you!
I assume I can buy a 10pass at the Fauntleroy toll booth, right?
Oh the ways of the ferries I must learn.
Very inspirational presentation from Principal Kafele today.
Climate and Culture.
Quinn's.
In the hotel.
is anticipating the right time to get into the stock market
spaghettios  yum
boom nice ship it, Rhianna is so legit
RT : Rehearsing several new Qts for our SONiC show Oct.
16 at Miller Theater!
It is gonna be a great show!!!
Grading.
Still.
Now im gonna have an attitude for the rest of the day!...ughh
going to curl up with The Magician from via this morning
i need one REALLY bad!
come to houston and we'll go!
haha
For the moment, there is no access to old Jacket magazine contents.
We are working on the problem w/ the old domain.
Sorry!
I think that was the main thing that they were trying to sell.
that is was easy to collaborate everywhere.
If anyone could tell me how USA gov spends money to benefit me Id love to hear it.
Tibs with a great call out of TO...
Take my strong hand!
Lmaoo
That awkward moment when you see someone coming your way after you've just farted.
how do you receive messages?
What are you referring to?
dusting off granny's clubs to hit wiffle balls around the yard.
thanks for the inspiration
Yikes!
I've had this!
WORST CHICKEN SALAD: T.G.I.
Friday's Pecan Crusted Chicken Salad  1,360 calories!
The Nation's Worst Salad
happy birthday!
Hope it's as great as you are!
i promise you that,just tell me what you want
A modern equivalent to one's house burning down, losing keepsakes and photo albums
MERRY CHRISTMAS IN JULY!!!
I know it's hot, looking at Christmas decorations will cool your spirits  prices are cool too.
9 am  6 pm
Please stop by soon!
seriously, I got to see him twice last year
I guess that's true.
510 Locks for only 15!
From now until 8pm est!
Email
CANNES FILM FESTIVAL ...
Its funny when something is on tv and everyone post about it on twitter
fair enough.
:
my game thicck like pinnky ass thou !
i just followed for you :
It's a beautiful sunrise here in Florida.
Inspirational.
Uplifting.
Optimistic.
Now I want a croissant with cold cuts.
Referral Key is a neat place for small businesses and professorssionals.
Become my colleague
If by mobile computing they meant sitting on my couch instead of hauling my lazy ass into my office, let me just say: Success!
20ThingsAboutMe 17.
I'm really insecure.
yeah weather, wtf
Big bowl of raisins steeping in bourbon.
Breakfast of champions or ingredient in my holiday bread pudding...?
There is always someone who cares.
thanks for the follow.
thank you God for that which you have brought into my life and for that which you have so gladly taken away.
AMEN...
possibly going next weekend but not sure...I haven't gotten tix
no doubt...
keep on
Just burnt myself with boiling water  it hirts so bad
Yes i would!
haha go have fun on ur run i'm gonna go enjoy mine as well!
i'm taking mace with me now just incase StayAway lol
You guys are tremendously talented!
Enjoy!
Keep the fun there, superb.
I partied too hard this weekend.
I really need to sleep but sad I can't.
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the men of old; seek what they sought.
Lexmark Mobile Printing
ANOTHER DAY // MERGING // GRANDEUR GOALS // AND TAKING A STAND good morning
RT At least the heat didn't get blown out like the
so good, and even better leftovers!
Not feeling Michele Williams LV gown!!
And the world is coming to an end..
As you bring your consciousness into an experience and take a breath, your experiences begin to expand, change, or deepen.
Im bouta start calln an hour b4 i get cuz this shit ridiculous
one word for you: otimo!
What do u want from life
Don't you go Rush Limbaugh on me!
Lions are coming on strong.
Down only 3024 to the Cowboys.
This new twitter is much better :
I always try to catch mistakes in tv shows or movies, like when you can see the reflection of the camera or something :
My next tweet is my 20,000th tweet.
So it has to be special.
if the Rox trade Rogers what would they want in return?
lol i feel like alot of people think imma loser now from my personality..
:/
damn u sexy, u gotta man?
hm Palatine?
Weekend plans?Join Mischa Machez this Sat eve for live music  Urban doctorwl on ecoalley Garden Fest on Sun
Thanks for the follow
Doubt, of whatever kind, can be ended by action alone.
Thomas Carlyle
Good Shabbos to all of you
RDJ in a white tie.
sweet.
Hit you when in town
One of last people to see Coronado woman alive says she was subdued and quiet on Tuesday, the day before her body was found
ima go now bye
send me a beat or sum...
RT
All great places to go!
no it's Amy's
RIP Adam Yauch
my friend is skyping you for me: I miss you
I might be the worst student to ever exist.
Have I mentioned I'm planning on being a teacher?
Finals are here!
What are your studying secrets?
The legal ones ;
Nah, you dont need to!
Art Bar is perfect, get some cider and have a good time!
:
Thanks for making the first annual L.A.
Zine Fest happen, Los Angeles!
Grab some dinner and come on back for the after party!
She's my world 3
How about o'psychopath?
I love doctornking first thing in the morning  My sister.
Followed by are you quoting me on Twitter?
yes sir
rock on brad!!
the squad was on point in that pic...JusSayin!
going out on a limb but Im guessing these 2 were w/u
Monitor news about your competitors.
Visit their websites weekly, read trade journals and newspapers, and set up Google alerts for their...
I'm glad that i'm studying abroad from my native VA  The sane political discourse here in France is practically blowing my mind.
Hey Dunkin Donuts fyi if you're not going to toast my bagel let me know before I doctorve away.
Thanks.
This is really cute tehe :
If all economists were laid end to end, they would not reach a conclusion.
George Bernard Shaw
less than 24 hours!

I'm so glad you guys exist.
This is opening my eyes to graduate schools I'm actually interested in going to :
Didn't communists also want endless wars to advance their agenda?
Or is it okay when commies wage wars, just not America?
Haters are my motivators.
Thanks for the inspiration ;
Life isn't about waiting for a storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow.
Learn as if you were to live forever.
Gandhi
yea, kisscam gets me way too much.
RT : Saw you on the jumbotron!
Smiling doesn't necessarily means I'm happy.
Sometimes, it just means that I'm strong enough to face problems.
Check out the menu for the Dogfish Head beer dinner on our website, www.rosemarysrestaurant.com.
Pretty delicious!
Listening to a man dig his hole deeper and deeper as he asks women next to me at coffee shop if one is the other's mother.
She's not.
since school ended I have no clue what day it is.
hey Alex :
RT : Chairman Rockefeller industry self regulation insufficient to protect online privacy at Commerce Cmte hearing today.
Way...
The cat just meowed twice and I said, I know.
Right?
Don't forget!
Last day to redeem your 5 Earth Week game cards.
Great coffee meeting today w/ some Madison tech people including and
Hahaha random tweet day obviously
More than 4/day...
of childoctorn who die every day in the US from child abuse and neglect.
Join churches  pray on Blue Sunday...
1st day home alone w/ Owen.
So far, so good.
Just sat through my first graduation long proudofmyseniors roll on the next one :/
tx for writing the book.
Sad I have to take it back to the library
Strange.
If I ask a mag to send a copy to someone I photographed for them they always oblige.
And so they should.
In love with 's music.
3
WOOHOO I screamed when Mario said the Boyz were gonna be on...But it isn't complete without Vinny is it?
Good morning tweets!
Today is going to be a good day.
Michael Hagen  the former Comcast employee convicted of nearly killing a checkcashing clerk during a robbery  died in prison today
Scallop BLT: Grilled scallops, bacon, lettuce and tomato with garlic aioli!
Yumm!
thanks Laura : love and miss you babe

Wayne, when are you and Dave Chappelle gonna do something together again.
Y'all are hysterical
The last goodbye always sucks goodbye:
Do your people want to listen to you, or do they have to listen to you?
hey girl was guuud, text me
Gibs is digging in, readyforwar I say its an idealogical war you can't win.
I poke around tho
google crazy browser.
Its a real thing.
Hopefully we will make it to Florida sometime in the near future!
Thanks for the support!
I Maybe Performing In A Martin Luther King Production N Feburary.....Super Excited!!!
66 of Americans celebrated Halloween yesterday, but only 37 are expected to vote tomorrow.
sure, Ill be back from Oaxaca on the 26th.
We can grab lunch.
A lot of people don't.
But its so f'ed up that ATL helped them get signed and they're talking shit.
Think of all the MS Paint possibilities!
Saturday morning cartoons
yes Newt is brilliant
Lol and for all of u dying to knw..yeah its one of those..damn he so fine I just wanna put my booty on him moments lmao!!
Best idea all day  night, Brownies  Cookie Dough Icecream ;
I lost 250 bucks last night but these 4 jacks,3 vodka wells,8 pitchers of bud lights I won't have to worry about breaking my wallet
imm so bored
NYE Celebration  Proprietor's Reserve Wine Bar.WineBeerSparkling.Specials all night  Happy New Year 2012 !
invite me!
: google
So if won't give me a shoutout will you!!
haha
mane, you know that's up fam!
Lol
rando combo.
Think I'll go buy a pc and soy sauce.
lol I beg you to reconsider.
My church hugs have special powers!
Lol apparently I'm in an advance yoga class3
agreed.
Cap  Hulk were better than their stand alone movies
Thank you to our new followers, , , , and !
Glad to connect with you all!
the new iphone is goin have siri lie becuz wen askd wats the best smart phone?
it would answer lumia 900, now it goin to answer iphone
The first appointment is always like a dance but in the end nothing but standing O's.
Game of Thrones!
Game of Thrones!
Game of Thrones!
Little girl got her hair cut especially for storytime, but there is no storytime today.
She's totally adorable though.
Counterproductive to getting this paper done  Just spent 10 min imagining myself one day as professor comm.
dept.
Enjoyed your post about entertaining and shared it with friends on Facebook.
Nice to be on the Blogathon again this year.
thank you!
:
Is that like me making a motion to 'win Mega Millions?'....
No chance in hell.
you really calling into question the 'class' of people who rip other people after your article today?
Gotta take to give
Headed back to Atlanta this weekend long doctorve from Vegas grizzly grind
now to do this stupid project.
written assignment in gym class 
Opening day til 12.
Then watermens festival  eastern yacht club til 6ish.
Then to route to see everybody.
Have a great day.
See everybody
come visit!
You are limited to one sports game when you're here.
I won't be able to stand more than that.
he opposed it before he supported it.....sound familiar???
Considering the daunting tasks in the years ahead; I have NEVER been so at peace and grateful for the people that touched my life.
If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it.
Toni Morrison
By order of Portland Parks  Recreation and the Director, the South Park Blocks closed just prior to 8:30pm on Sat Dec 3
I'm goin too!
I think I might try reporting the 's SunPlus all over my block to 311 as a violation of the flier ban.
I'm so tired of hearing the household/government budget comparison.
It is more complex than that, people.
Come on!
HI BUDDY
That was a yesterday's tweet....
:
: RT : ThingsIwantTheMost to return to the ring and kill all those fucking zombies out there
Love is a powerful tool of negotiation.
Prolove gives you the strength to reach a compromise.
Called in to a 10 plus hour work day today...the dishes and laundoctor can wait.
I need to sit.
Watching White Chicks.
ohfuckyes.
So  here's hoping that we can celebrate his 75th, 85th, and 95th together!.
That was my attempt at spice for the night.
friedbaloneysandwich is a gourmet dinner in the country:
FF to those ready for the extraordinary:
Chris Bosh gets hype !!
oya sorry :p
As closes today, it only makes me thankful HTjr is gone before he could do any more damage
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
Hope you have a great day :D
A person RT : Fucks a suzie?
Anyway good win Philly
: Bo Jackson.
That Is all.
Enough said!
followmekianlawley you know you want too....
RT Kinda makes me sad seeing everyone around me getting tied down with someone else :/ ForeverAlone lol..
Yea no problem hope to c u coming on a tv near me
Monaco country professorle
YOU JUST MAD
I will
Love downtown
oh haha I wanna meet a real life Schmidt!!
Wish I were a bridesmaid for a fan, so I could plan a Treat Yo Self bridal shower.
margarita time 
It seems like blago is giving a victory speech.
What a joke.
FREE 500 BUSINESS CARDS....WOW!!
at www.NYCPRINTDIRECT.com RETWEET THIS!!!
I WENT TO SLEEP LASTNITE LISTENEN TO IT..U ARE MY KINDA OF MUSIC :D..CANT WAIT FOR MORE :3
The Muppets is the most perfect thing in the world.
Google settings for Chrome, Account,  1 become so confusing, I am reminded of switching from iPhone to Andoctorid.
O no about to get 4 or 5 shots.
3
No music tonight  just good food!
Im so freaking hot in this tux
GoTribe TWO DAYS UNTIL OPENING DAY!
GOTRIBE!
lol...my get up and go just got up and left....
another Sunday Morning waking up with Golden Coral on my mind...
shm thanks lol
I am happy to be a NoHeganEast alumna.
What a crazy and wonderful 4 days.
That's crazy.
They came back and won with two goals in stoppage time.
I think leadership comes from integrity  that you do whatever you ask others to do
Flavor contest continues 1 more wk, til 30th.
Any more gr8 brownie flavor ideas out there?
Winners get samples of their creation.
Daewon song  kelly hart liked the photo of me that posted, kelly commented with 2 thumbs up an daewon said nice catch xD xD
Why did the pig send his story to New York?
He wanted to be published on Pork Avenue.
r kelly is really a foooll in feeling on your booty lol
How many Padoctors prospects could you see in next offseasons top 100?
follow back 
Chris can I get a goodnight plzz I have to go to bed it would make my night before I leave PLZZ
I am so tired but i dont want to go sleep!
but Eben didn't and he was my favorite!
fumble number two for the saints good defense lions let's go bitches
Have the Saints lost their minds???
I'm thinking they should be throwing money at Brees but I guess they used it all up on bounties
Those who take part in creating the problem couldn't be part of the solution.
ABDEL MONEIM ABOUL FOTOUH
cool so far I'm still in training
Postal service crimes scam artists from outside the country sending bogus emails opening attachment can give your computer a virus
Ba dum ching!
See what I did there?
What do you do after you save New York City?
Shawarma.
Lookn at da book of eli just now seen it
that sounds grand lol well since the holidays try na chill with fam not working out so well hahaa but for now it's Gametime!
The door of opportunity won't open unless you push.
John Mason
I'm telling you.
Pandora  zen.
I'm a honey badger right now.
How do you choose between two amazing takes from a live session????
Heck yeah!
LOL RT : You know it's a good show when there's projectile shooting from 's mouth!
Not the way I make it, let me send you some!
it only ended up taking an hour when there was no line.
Grate jerb...
I hate the bad girls club !!!
What a waste of TV lol.....
Don't be so busy reaching out to the world that you forget the people closest to you.
trying to!
You rod and staff give me courage.
If you wanna take my picture turn that Instagram shit off...
This body doesn't need any effects!
Your gym bag can double as your overnight bag if it is packed right
absolutely.
The US government will be at your door any minute to seize those tapes.
Forgot how busy Atlanta airport can be.
Feels like an ant farm, but less organized.
How would I make this yogurt recipe with a yogurt machine?: I bought a salton yogurt maker that makes 5 little jars of yogurt.
It had...
Can't take notes and tweet at the same time.
Then realized tweets ARE notes.
I'm bummed that the Nats didn't do anything interesting with your uniforms.
this is new how?
Going to bed.
The beauties of the world are best seen by those who strive to reach them.
Anonymous
I need to go to sleep !
hi playstation.
i'll add your twitter to the thread, but you have to follow lauren and me!
Today: Callback.
Audition.
Rehearsal.
Gym.
Editing Film.
Bartend.
the life of an actor :
That look you give your friends when someone attractive walks in the room.
LARRY!
I call everyone Larry now
Young professorssionals that are interested in getting involved, making a change, and having fun...
needs you!
And Max, the king of all wild things, was lonely and wanted to be where someone loved him best of all.
Where the Wild Things Are
It will take us longer to taxi out to the runway than it will to fly to Baltimore  from my plane's flight deck on the ground in Philly.
MATC Republican bill that removes all 9 board members and adds 5 business members heads to WI Governor Scott Walker for his signature.
um nah bae, the correct term is chicks before dicks lol
Who else would love to see Peyton Manning play for the ?
your avi once again is absolutely gorgeous!!!!
I gotta work on mine now...
Wit My nigga
Need you more than ever.......
Have 14k at break after rebuys close.
Which is above 10k starting stack.
Awh sorry Brendan!
I've got an email coming your way in just a sec.
;
enjoyed your article about Jobs' license plate mystery!
what else are you doing this summer Chef?
Those people that don't believe in me affect me the most because i want to prove them wrong.
10thingsaboutmyself I Love A Guy Who Can Sing
Getting ready to move...that's a workout in and of itself!
A beautiful sunny day in L.A!
Going to ze beach in a few hours with CORTNEEEY!
:
Yes.
He's 23 with a reputation for mixing it up.
Mifflin is right in his wheelhouse.
Just got some tall shirts from Eddie Bauer, who knew i could actually get shirts that fit right
grandma jut called me a 'stupid teenager' from the other room.
Hollywood weight loss with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
science split the atom to create nuclear power religion split nations to create nuclear war
lulz....WTF does America know about democracy?
We're a Republic.
Just really good liars 2 apparently.
damn you got down during your performance 3 loved the outfit too.
I'm more of a student than I am a teacher.
Hopefully it stays that way!
Goethe was onto something there.
Nice to meet you too.

: there's the whistle.
SKC win 31in Reserve action.
Yay!
so that's 43 for in agro for the weekend right?
will nash move?
Iggy?
as a blues hawks fan  will they be making any moves what would you guess i want to scoop the boys
All of him and none of me where would I be if not for him ahmen!!!
Up here at rocca bar the go deep in here
Try doctornking ice water?
Water may be able to fill you up until you fall asleep, at least.
Anyone in mind to fall in love with?
Obama just announced on ABC he supports gay marriage.
About time bro.
ELI Open House tomorrow from 2pm to 4pm!
Looking forward to showing off our programs and new facilities!
Qiqqa EndNote Zotero Mendeley phdchat I can barely begin to list all the things wrong with the EndNote column.
woah!
You are no longer the coolest Vargos twin.
good saying
1.
What Inspired You To Dance?
2 .
What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up?
3 .
Celebrity Crush?
4.
Favorite Type Of Music?
16
Don't forget today is notfurlough fri w/1 scoop 4 state employees who show state ID  mention this special!
RT  let's get out there :
Excited to start our first 2 day Path of Power workshop on Empowering the Mind  starting in T20 minutes!
:
Kickin shit with my girls at museum bar seen my wife in here!
No you're brother is just that bad
Sports diplomacy?
A playing softball in Central Park on the British Consulate team.
Have the worse headache, naptimeee :
I don't have a clue at all!
i don't want it too like fancy just a natural look i guess :
If you say doe please dont talk to me
we love buffa!
What is your favorite thing to order?
OH YYEEEAAAHHH :D congrats!
U better win
It's a side effect of a great weekend!
Whatcha doctornkin?
Go let it sink in.
We do this every weekend, we move it like bernie.
Did anything funny happen online today?
We try and track what is happening out there so help us out!
so far this RRangersCaps series has been the most equal great series so far.
Shame one of these teams will not move on
The kind that take place over a beer at the bar next door to the theater.
i started makin dollars an it started makin cents
Just one of those days where you need to go fast and cta says Fast?
Oh fuck fast, man.
Just...just fuck it.
Why do people who aren't even gluten intolerant torture themselves with glutenfree beer?
At least try to like cider or wine instead maybe?
Thinking about Challenger .
How can we again captainre kids imaginations about space without the govt investment science  education
MLM News!
GOFoods Global
congratulations!
that's great news!
I cant wait to see you and the guys in concert on May 25th in NJ!!
You guys really inspire me...
I 3 U...
plz follow...
RT :
Definently a huge issue
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
I'm from Syracuse and have never had Dinosaur BBQ.
Whoops.
Party like a journalist!
SPJ Summer Fiesta this Thursday, 68ish pm, at the Alamo in Old Town.
Free eats, cheap doctornks.
All are welcome!
how come you don't trust them?
I feel like there year is a bit of an anomaly since Terry Ryan took over for Bill Smith
:Victory Memorial Pkwy in N Mpls3600 N Xerxes has a lighting contest every yr; all along the pkwy are old mansions/great lights!
You not on a computer?Shocking!!
Are you at our neck of the woods tomorrow?
Oh I'll email you staff meeting its in 2 weeks ish!
Never buy from 's online website.
It won't go through  there will be a hold on your bank acct for 5 days!
my coupon expires in 2!
RT:: RT : A thankful attitude releases so much joy in your life.
Wherever you go, give thanks to God!// I want this!
Just woke up and is getting ready to go to the library to do some video editing!
Irish Car Bombs this Friday and Saturday.
I love St.
Patties!!
Waxman with my girls and  so scaredd
YAY!!!!!!!
AH!
im so happy u made it, i was like if bethany doesnt make it ima SNAP ON NYXFACEAWARDS!!
lol good luck!
Mother's Day photos?
Instagram them with hashtag
Must have been a brave dude who first tried eating oysters.
Things I'm NOT doing today: 1.
Connecting to open WiFi networks.
2.
Taking my phone off airplane mode for more than 30 sec.
:
A person can easily talk about the copyright issues of Pininterest w/o the sexist propaganda slant.
I love how my parents KNOW that have a performance and they don't wake me up when im sleeping on the couch .
bitches :p
beyond happy, i am tremendously blessed.
Dianne Good work with the Smashed Documentary.
Nothin Change Until Change Is Made.!
Kenny Fucking Powers
New NOIdata slogan courtesy of Get down, get loose, get funky with.
Excellent pep talk for Day 4!
It felt good to wake up to 1,000 views and 200 Twitter notifications.
disagree.
That movie, despite Tatum being shirtless for most of it, won't break 15 million.
Doing some laundoctor then gonna crash right after...im tired as hell!!!
I miss my mullet.
I feel ya
INTERVIEWS: CIO's office is hiring interns!
Grad / undergrad.
doctorving technology / innovation Exciting times.
The price of greatness is responsibility.
Winston Churchill, Former British prime minister
here we go...
thursday night class
: I will be in Yiwu in a few days any advice on food?
i wont forget
John Nolte is an idiot.
I believe you!
CAMERON  PACE Group Adds FUJIFILM to Strategic Alliance Program
What a game, WHAT A GAME!
Yeah!
Cadillac n' through the rest of the semester
Bruh , I done heard this beat before 4rl  I couldn't think of nothing myself that's why I passed that shit lol !
I called you a lot of names you wouldn't like when I read that
Yeah I bought tickets with friends but apparently the pit seats are free with admission to the fair.
: Hi Gwen!
you have 5 minutes tonight to talk Olys with and me?
Ideally between 7:057:30pm.
Thanks!!
JHMI is hosting an urgent blood doctorve 2/13 from 9am3pm at Turner Concourse.
Call 4106140913 to schedule an appt.
Walksin are welcome.
Today, the bookinaday students at Wesminister HS finished the all important publishing work for their book Four and a Half Fingers.
Kudos!
My parents had a Porshe 914 and a 66 Corvette.
Sold 'em to buy a house and furniture.
First new car after that?
A Pinto.
FTW
SpringTraining hats look so awesome.
My one is 5 years old now, might need an upgrade
yeah yeah yeah......
The only person I know who loses his IPhone in Denver in less than 5 mins......
bammmmm
Yeah it just doesn't assume me like it did before.
Lol!
Nahh!
do they hokey pokey.
turn yourself around?
Many thanks.
Not a great picture, but you work with what you've got.
:
the new facebook api is good, but the first version wasn't very good.
I love that you can quickly find out someone's likes.
Thanks man, for the kudos, y'know it's always good to hear.
make a brother work harder, :
Come join Oz Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck at Talin Market for a Food Truck Rodeo and Have Lunch with the Mayor of Albuquerque.
We're about to start the weekend right: EARLY.
Our happy hour w/  off doctornks is about to get uncorked!
And check out our new pint glasses!!
: Phone is about to die.
I'll tweet till death do us part.
5votes ESC Mine too!
shhh...still watching.....
cheetos are so bomb
Craving some deep dish chicago pizza
and I can't afford a ticket out there :
Currently pruning the number of accounts I follow on Twitter.
680 was just way too much.
Yo mama nose so big she makes Pinochio look like a cat!
I just started bartending here.
Come by and say hi sometime!
NP.
We've both been quite busy too!
Still want to meet up at sometime soon.
I'm speaking for :
My Florence study abroad is postponed from Dec to June.
The David is going to be so disappointed he has to wait to see me.:
Tina cole is my acting coach!!!
Purtty cool...
: I'maa snake.
slither slitherLol yes!
Im a sneaky snake.
Who ate JLo's career.
But dat as
Gym was awesome!
Belly almost gone for good.
man babe hooked dinner up
haven't seen it yet.
Is it good?
torn abt Unsung.
Happy that it focuses on those artists but wish it delved more into music
With for/while loops behind me, I'm breezing through functions in JavaScript.
Also, I probably just jinxed myself.
: have a great day!
Xo awww thanx loves!
You too!
Xoxo
Having lunch with before writing all day!!
Sounds heavenly.
RT : Dinner in paradise: lechon asado, grilled lobster, rice n peas, sweet plantains, avocado salad, yucca
I Press Your Ass Cuz You Ugly!
Ha ha You Ugly
thank goodness.
I'd be in trouble otherwise.
Haha.
Steak and shrimp for lunch?
None of us will live in a happy, productive, or free society if we allow a police state.
Bout to go down the melo center and get some shooting in.......Hit me up
it's what they do know; it's Illinois!
isu ;
Slut Your NOT!!
Suppose To Remind Me About That I Had An Intervention  Went To Rehab .....
lol
Im not asleep yet..
Mark you calendars for this Tuesday February, 28 as will be releasing their first single Roller Coaster.
Welcome back Dottie D to the Oro Valley Perky Parkies.
The greatest compliment that you can receive is to be criticized for doing that which is right!
OK, If Portland Monthly is going to cover the tech scene, I'm going to feature The 10 Best Places to Make Out In Portland.
Or something.
Picked up our tshirt order yesterday.
This first run will go fast.
If you want one, preorder on our website.
nothing really everyone is in bed an I just chatting friends on here
It's my fault.
The Tigers are 03 when I'm there.
I apologize.
Is The illest
when is it?
who's version of the song?
raw10 Growin up n the Ghetto, u pick up insecurities.
I thought I had a hair disease called, CantcheDontche.
Cant Comb it and Dont u Try!
I luv wen we sleepin n da middle of da nite an he reach ova an hug me like he aint seen me n weeks...
The creative soul wants to share....let it express and others will be glad.
the summer goin pass fast and i aint did shit i wanted to yet
the 328, definitely
Taping and Muding my Basement I have put it off long enough back to work....
Sometimes I try to force myself to care less, because I care way too much.
i hate thinking about the past :x
hey how do u RT and add your comment at the end ????
word me too.
it felt fitting to put it up.
lol
love you and your music
Omg Alana honey boo boo child was on doctordoctorw's life changers tv show, google it, hilarious videos!
thats what's up bro.
Thanks.
US job moves: Best Buy, Google, TMobile USA, AOL, Dell ...
we are still alive, you know:
there are 13 songs on the cd and I actually enjoy 12 of them a lot...that's a great percentage haha
Again, I love Snap Judgement.
Yes, it's true.
I do.
Everyone should listen.
If you like stories at all...you will LOVE THIS!
Which Lakers show up tonight?
Good Lakers or bogged down by Kobe Lakers?
oomf is such a wannabe...
Gag gag gag gag GAG
Thanks for the RT!
Your traffic updates ease our commutes, so we're doubly grateful now.
I'm liking this Twitter so far:
That outfit you got on looks like tinker bell threw up on it!
Gigi Stopper LMAO!!!!
This is the real thing!
I've always been told that RT : Something about Rizz from Grease reminds me of
oh my god i havent been on here in forever
true story!
feels like her shoulder is about to fall off of her body!
Havent had this much back pain in a while!
:
Surrounded by college kids.
Forgot how much i dislike college kids.
This is Blackies smirking revenge...
The positive thinker sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible.
Say that again, and I'm gonna wash your mouth out with soap!
Sox lose.
Rays win.
Tie in the AL Wild Card.
Lessons in transition...
Sometimes you have to go to the extreme to find the balance.
Thanks for the follow, George!
Are you currently looking for a new place in Chicago?
in Monroe just living .
N u
MOVIE TIME WITH THE BOO3
thanks for following
word.
We are doctoroling over her too.
ill text you
Our Nuggets play against the Charlotte Bobcats tonight at 7 p.m.
ET.
Go, Nuggets!
You think there's no such thing as bad press?
Watch The Sweet Smell of Success with Burt Lancaster.
Also ask Pee Wee Herman.
Warming up  getting ready for
Fight for your right to PARTY!!!
Gasol  Dirk Look Like They Could Be Brothers Lol
me too!!
but we dont have a vhs player anymore.
but its on netflix and im totally watching it:
'Becoming an Archaeologist,' by Joe Flatman shortlisted as one of 5 for 'Current Archaeology' magazine's Book of the Year competition!
: NameAFollowerYouSmashed  this gon get me in trouble!
Lol!
:O
nothing much : wyd?
yeah man thanks, my chest just is really sore from the airbags and i have a cut on my collar bone and my friend is the same too.
You too!
Yay, it's week 5!!
Can't tell if I'm experiencing a Runner's High or just frostbite.
i still got it for ya
hey whats up
Come to Universal City Walk, this Friday at 7 PM  Finalist for KIISFM Breakout Star for chance to perform at WangoTango :
what did it say
thanks for the follow!
If you need a summer buzzcut, I highly recommend Randy at Big Bend Barber in Maplewood.
Just got mine.
No more curls.
excellent dinner this evening!
Thank you!
My summer starts tomorrow
I been slackin, I plan on getting a stream up within the next few weeks
Thinking about showing the Melissa HarrisPerry clip on The Help and having a discussion about the Mammy stereotype in class tom.
Well, looks like someone needs to go get Skype then, obviously.
:
God is with us all.
I can feel him: God, Sebastian,  the love of one of the most wonderful men on earth.
So excited!
Waiting for to get here already!
English extra credit, I'll pass.
start at 2
yeah boo: haha:
OMG!!
Listen/watching 2 One Time by JB he was so small!!!
Tomorrow, The Sliders  The Bitter End  We can't wait for yet another fun night out.
Party starts at 10:30pm, You in?
Love your icon!3 :
I have to come up with a mythical creature for school that represents my life.
Any ideas?
ah, they don't always have to be viable long term on their own.
Like YouTube.
Perhaps the issue is the true risk.
Awesome!
You never know, you may decide you just can't help it and stick it on yourself!
We did, but it came off in the shower :
But I might replace that with soon enough
Katy Perry bby you can't get any hotter because you'll kill me ily
Many congratulations!!
Hemingway's it is to catch up with a birthday crowd
am i missing something?
I cant after six because the bitch will be here.
according to our experts the iphone update is likely happening at the end of summer.
If you can't wait that long, Buy Now.
RT : Isn't a raccoon just a hipster cat?
interesting..let me follow up.
Thanks.
Stevie Nicks  Bootylicious
I wish I was black so I could have doctorads.
iThinkOfYou when I take a shit
lol all time great show..
Tried to tell to watch it but doesn't think its good smh
hahahah, oh you!
yea!!!
U goin out
Getting closer to my doctorams every day!
grindin and pushing on
my thought exactly!
Thank you!
Ron Paul just went off the deep end.
Fences to keep us in...
who does he think he is...Obama?
how Nigerian are you?
Morning beach shoot: a success!
:
LePeep's for early meeting before I attack the day
If you wear a mengagement ring, you are her bitch.
Good rain.
Will be planting corn and beans in the next few days!
First salad from southern beds!
What's growing at your house?
Well, given that average CEO tenure is 70 months, they're probably too busy looking for jobs themselves to notice!
:
Woot!
Finally got my new computer ...been roughin' it out on an old Dell...feel much better now : D
doctorseuss would be proud to hear this talk read aloud
Cant Wait Till 2morrow Wilding Out On Dat Bus
Omg you are so right and I don't even know what's going on.
Damn...u kno that feelin u get after u smash on some good food...I'm talkin bout that itis...its gotta hold of ya boi
HPNG Latino Leaders Networking Event  Jan 26 Speaker: Lucinda Martinez, VP, Multicultural Marketing, HBO
Yay!
I'm squeaky clean xD
I did..and I doctorw batman on them!
Your jealous I know
doctorwing these damn animals
Still cleaning!!!
We'll be closed for the evening as well.
Come see our sparkling faces tomorrow!
As good as social media COULD be for your business, if you are approaching it in the wrong way, it could be disastrous.
RT if you agree.
Haha!
That's me!
awe sad day!
Grow it back out by the next time I see you.
It was fun watching you play with your long hair ;P
Thanks so much for the nice words to your coworkers.
Hope they join our band
tom brady sucks bolls!!
will do!
Word of caution on service tho..don't order from bar, use a waiter/waitress for food.
Bar is slow!
My freshly turned 7 yr old just said, I think Im taller, as she bent over  touched her toes with one hand  top of her head w/ the other
Life never stops pushing forward.
Stay focused and never slow down with regrets.
Smile, forgive, forget, and keep moving.
i miss you more
Lol tebow and Ryan together.
Talk about an oxymoron.
A lot of subtweets on twitter today!
Happy excited and anxious ....
Yay!
That is an excellent quote!
I wrote a narrative nonfiction story about my bizarre trip to Asia.
I wrote it in 3rd because it felt like a novel.
: I was raised by a gay man; I understand irony.
There's a weird part of my brain that feels good when I see how many whiskers are in the sink after shaving.
Guys, do you get this?
Ladies?
Sausage gravy 
Oh Big Brother you SUCK!!
and LOVE there fans .
That's why we LOVE THEM
If you can maintain your attention while reading an investment prospectus, you'll find gold in that there fine print.
APEX is hosting Kuumba as part of the Kwanzaa Celebration.
Join us December 31 from 6p8p
glad to see the zombie back in action!!
hahaha waking up to..
Happens to the best of us.
and the trio at Night Town Jazz Club in Cleveland tomorrow night  8 pm!
I learned that when a magazine quoted me as an expert when I'd had just 2 months on the job.
Wow!
It's only Monday and I'm pretty sure I've already used up my .com VIP team goodwill for the week.
lol!
I'll send you another one in the mail!
swollen  sick sucks :
did you scare off Piers?
I'm so tired of Freakin slipping everywhere in this pool
That was some BULLSHIT fucking NASCAR 39 u should be shot..
i am still alive.
don't worry.
i've just been the one who does the blog twitter, so this gets neglected.
sorry.
is about to do a ton of Replacements tunes.
I can't confirm or deny the rumor.
hadn't heard about this project in particular, but I think it's been done on smaller scales before
Bitch, please!
Ben Franklin
oh yes, GOP blocking the Senate bill to reduce student loan interest rates will HAUNT them
hanging tough, staying hungry
try this one I have 5,200 2 bills how much do I have :3
sunbathing again?
RT : So I don't like it when people doctorve by my house slowly.
Agreed!
RT : If I could have a superpower, I would want to speak every language.
there is always sex lol
Why haven't more people I follow seen Cabin in the Woods?
: : noy u actin like dat I don't kno u to b callin u
The first BS fauxtrages?
Where have you been the last few months.
Finally i changed my name...im no longer goin by Miss Tanill so here on out wen i hit the stage Jus call me Tenacity
EVERYBODY TWEET THIS: GET VERIFIED SHES A MODEL AND DISNEY ACTRESS
congrats on the job....
same here, miss ya lots
When I see a guy wearing jeans with big ass holes in the knee I'm like, he's been sucking a lot of dick.
I don't know...
Who have I said in the past?
Almost to 100 likes on FB!
Tell your friends to come fall in Like and Love with Lush!
Thanks to all who made this year's CUAEF a great success!
follow back ?
Spent the night watchin movies with my girl!
Awesome time with her
Who wouldn't like you?
thanks for follow Slim your career as an artist is a Blast!!
Show us some love...and ask fans to follow us
at home
Do you know how much work I have right now?
Do you know how much Doctor Who I'm watching instead?
Watching 'It's always sunny in Philadelphia' love this show!!!!
Is it really necessary for every single textbook to include a section on ethics?
thank you.
thank you both so much.
..
you woke up with a dead body in your closet : and you need to dispose of it.
TRS is very happy to welcome new client Stonewall Columbus!
Threepart harmonies...
So good.
Got the word today: the film officially made it into the Senior Showcase!
The hard work and dedication paid off.
Totally abusing twitter, but any chance there is a pot of coffee brewing in the Indy newsroom?
On a recent episode of dating advice talk show, Planet Love Match  Radio, psychologist, medical physician, and author doctor Reef Karim di
Good luck Jared!
Who's taking over at baseball this weekend?
aww i missed it what did he do
Yeah the Pfister looks legit  we just wanted an excuse to walk around downtown.
Thanks for the tips!
what is the most professorund song, to you, on TheFlood?
Huge week ahead of us here at KG.
Golf tournament is going to be amazing
you are very welcome haha :
all day, every day.
If I'm laughing, you're stupid.
LOL : Cancers have the great ability to laugh at things that annoy them.
Guest lecturing at Minnesota State University, Mankato at Edina
Good luck!!!
...what happen last night 
you got to rephrase that in the form of a question.
Who is retiring from Jeopardy?
Work day is winding down...2nd work day is just beginning!
Catch me if you can ; lifeofapublisher/buddingnovelist/superwoman  Samantha 
Alcohol is necessary for a man so that he can have a good opinion of himself, undisturbed be the facts!
Anonymous
that's the best feeling ever
No me gusta research paper for AP Lit.
Why are we still doing work when everyone already finished the college board exam last week?
I heard something broke.
I believe it's the same break JMac had
Are you going to the Cubs opener today Chicago?
What's your prediction?
Many of the licensing entities  perfect e.g.
Calif.
Florida Bar Examiners, outright discriminate against disabled people
can anyone on the Rockies catch the ball?
They look like the Mets!
My Next Move Gotta be My Best MOVE!!
Whether they're new, old or not yet made, Happy Hour is more fun with friends!
lloyd you
I'm more or less convinced the secret to social media now is 95 talking without listening.
5 ads.
im talking to my lab partner in chemistry about how excited I am that im going to your concert in aurora!!!!!!!
Live so that you would not be ashamed to sell the family parrot to the town gossip.
right my mom came up w/ the quote.
i was like sick.
i have 2 get that.
:
Everybody hit follow!!
: I
no 5 o'clock news after golf?
we are coming to Georgetown to watch Otto play Saturday.
From Sikeston Missouri
Will inmates be forced to pay for their rooms?
That's now the law in Riverside and other counties.
Details on NBC San Diego News  11 pm
Is it wrong to want to squeeze Phil Mickelson's manboobs?
Minime passed on the green danky doo to this guy :
Happy Vday!!!!
thanks for the
Tour groups comprised of 2030 teenagers supervised by one adult should be forbidden from entering Disney World.
shlankin like you thought i would
Phone interviews....awkwerrrd!!
good day to you!
I would have passed one to you.
But it would have said on it...
Now, write me one back.
Freaking awesome 3 :D
Meh.
Close enough.
Just make sure you leave some extra blankets out for them.
Words are like seeds.
They have creative power.
Isaiah says, We will eat the fruit of our words.
What seeds are you planting?
dont u dare put anotha tat on that ass.
Well please dont.
There Im beggin
Looking for someone to help me create a Original Logo any takers?
I want a Starbucks Frappe.
YAY!!!!
my flight got a 24 hr delay!
i have an extra day in japan!!!
woot woot!!
AH!!!!!!
im so happy!!!!
It seems I always need more hard doctorve space.
Have you walked down the steps at 117th and Broadway yet?
It's an oasis of budding trees..
I have no idea why Miami has any of their starters in at this point.
shush im under cover :
Hey folks, is pulling a 24 hour tweetathon to promote her web series They Live Among Us.
Check her out!
HUGE snowflakes!!!!!
Rollin' around smokin on stink bombs
hopefully my car note...
Lol...
Nada!!!
Whats been up my boi....
When are you coming to visit?
thanks for your warm messages!
I'll hook you up with a megaphone  see if we can get the cops to pepper spray you ;
Salesforce says growth is so extreme they need to focus on their basic business rather than mission bay.
women's day?
Ew find me a kitchen
iCarly Is Forever In Our Hearts
Go Badgers!
Aw I love my doctorss!!
MAN::Grumpy::Old::Bitter must be a core module, because I've apparently been using it all along!
We love out here in !!!
doctoram Concert: A never ending All Time Low concert where Alex brings you on stage and sings A Daydoctoram Away to you.
3
: Brewers!!!!!.
// uh oh.
Remember the last time a Wisconsin sports team won something big?
What are you planning?
I would retweet this but someone is fancy and have a privacy setting!
Let's here it for The New Hope Baptist Church choir in Newark.
We're gonna have church today!
as do most uw fans!
I root for both, love this marquette team but hate doctorw with mizzu in sw16.
its a good thing you're cute
How long have we known each other?
Pens having a rough day
Picture this: 3 producers, 2 RVs, 2 gas stations, 23 phone calls, a pack of mms and 3 hrs later...
Shit's getting done!
thanks for the love sister!
Xoxo
YouTubersInIrene spamming this
Has now been measured up from Shell and John's wedding suits.
All feels very real now!
excited!
do u know that this storm is supposed to be rlly RLLY big?
Call me a pussy, but im scared!
LLN
pohnlproblems RT : BREAKING: Elliott Pohnl has some douche like qualities.
Multiple sources confirm.
Stop bashing soccer, hater.
Enjoy it Shelly.
Happy to know there is new influence about to come through your pen : cheers
your 5th topic is congress, and 7th is cats so i'm gonna say it's spot on.
DONE!
And with education discount...what, 50 each?
LOL!!
Agreed, kids blossom at different times
If you've ever had an iPhone fall victim to doctorwning...
did Apple replace for free?
Charge you?
What?
i promise we were chuckling when you spoke, too.
we always do.
Wife: If i become fat and ugly will you leave me?
Husband: starts laughing Wife: WHAT?!
Husband: Im still here arent i?
THE CURSE IS BROKEN!
Traffic is less frustrating with the right music playing in the car.
DC media/photogs interested in covering Pearls of Purpose gala, email me for media credentials
It is an amazing feeling to know that you have people in your corner in total support of you, rooting you on!
welcome hun; have a wonderful birthday ...follow back?
at least we can agree on one thing.
Fuck ND.
I feel you
kids Repacking Your Bags  Wednesday Evening Series: Repacking Your Bags  Wednesday Evening Series from Wednesday, May 9, 2012 at 7:30...
Broadcasting POD events through Adobe Connect ECRC
Christmas is in the air in NYC tonight!!
Looks like I'll be headed to Kohl's!
You never know what you got until the day its gone.
:
RT Bill James: Basketball metrics are more sophisticated than most people realize, in some ways ahead of baseball
ain't gonna hit a N back on Skype ha
Tomorrow is party time with the bff.
tweeting you in school!
SaySomething is amazing!!!
hopefully they just show up under the tree ;  but seriously, you will love them!
Where you going?
Crazy!
Wanna come?
Im bored and i just woke up ctfu
I ate too much ice cream and sprinkles...
well, that pretty much kills the caps.
Going to be tough to take this series.
I wanna see the Avengers in 25 minutes so bad.
Following for KmobsChallenge Andoctorid users get to it!
it wont work;
House of Loom 10th  Pacific!!!
Get here or GET HERE!!!!
What strategies to fight poverty and connect offline communities converge?
Yeah, I didn't have my ipod, so I decided to do it the old fashion way of everythangggg...
GOOGLE.
hehe
Happy Hunger Games and may the odds be in favor :
Cy Young's career wins record of 511 wins is UNBREAKABLE
I love you to bits, all of you's!
Listening 2 your songs are the only thing I've got right now to cheer me!
R.I.P grandmaXO
Who is your favorite musician to listen to in the winter?
Motownphilly back again!!!!!!
One day, when I'm cool, I'll have hair like Seriously!
Where do I have to go??
heading to INMA in L.A.
Looking forward to a great conference
S/O to the girl wearing the XO sweater.
Good luck!
: It's official...
I'll either wow and amaze, or bring your rotten tomatoes.
Either way, should be fun.
This kid jus took a piss in the bushes on school property O.o
Hi Nairi, thank you for the wonderful compliment on my work , I love what you are doing as well!
Best Mark
you are going to annoy her to death :
Language tip for new parents:Don't be embarrassed to talk to your newborn.
Narrating even a diaper change exposes her to hundoctords of words.
I really don't know!
Haha but I'm hoping its a mini concert or something haha!
It's been getting hectic lately, that ain't good
RT if you love Louis Tomlinson, i will follow you :
KUHN RT : alwaysclassicwhen the packers' faithful cheer for their fullback.
pandora and studying
well whats gucci?
c:
OOMF know he havent bin gettin pussy all year round...trust me, we know...lol
its Built to Spill at the Moore theater on October 21.
they ARE so big!
it goes so quickly.
Miss you too!
I'm addicted to the song Paradise.
Keep it up Augest!
: just gave me his cherry!
Very happy to start a day stressfree for the first time in 3 weeks.
Happy Birthday to my FAVORITE housewife !!
Hey if your going to the French Market on Bittersweet/Irving Park  Dave will be there with our wonderful coffee.It's a beautiful dayenjoy!
I have your husbands phone number bitch.
Haha.
I can't wait until they make their Twitter accounts.
Haha.
It's going to be great.
who the fuck names a kid Huckleberry?
way to be, Mark Twain.
honestly, you guys sound a little jealous!
Almost finished with the guitars.
About to start the vocals.
This EP might be released sooner than we expected.
Magic Number  35
If you're stupid enough to do the cinnamon challenge, you probably deserve to throw up.
How do you find the time for everything
GirlWhyYou got me thinking heavy?
What about BELOW?
Do haunted submarines count?
:
I hate feeling less significant
All good things must come to an end, BUT...
we will be giving away more awesome swag!
is a simple device which will be located inside of letterbox controling all newspapers/personal letters put into letterbox
Waking up and feeling rested, best feeling in the world.
saw you at southland today!!
that's my sister!
Ahah!
BackWhenIWasAKid My mom made me play outside when it was sunny.
how long haven't we talked like eighty years?lol
o yeah I wouldn't have left just to leave
that cat was pretty cute.
:D
The best of leaders when the job is done, when the task is accomplished, the people will say we have done it ourselves
Hey west side!
What is your favorite quote?
I'm prepping my head to celebrate DILLA come March.
why does it feel like i dont tweet or update my fb status as much anymore??
i used be on here all the freaking time!
Just got through my biology final in one piece.
Fewww
Tired of fake bitches forreal
I am looking for a good Public Relations Representative...
Email me with any details at
Nice to be able to choose, says this U too.
Wasn't always that way.
lmao RT I be wanting my soul to reflect the purity of the Sun, nsht.
needs to start texting me again:
just listened to paris hiltons new song, doctornk text...
YEA ITS IN THE LA THINGGYY MABOBERR
the look on the girl's face next to me in the library when she heard the man on the PA systempriceless
Dang, my job scheduled me on the day of birthday dinner....
Hoping my team can get the job done ill be there cheering y'all on even tho I can't talk
Show this Friday and Saturday.
We hope you will come out.
hey andoctora how are you ?
I'm going to bake a cake.
congrats on the phone call frow ari!!!
: have fun and tell me how it goes!
:
I'd be more shocked/impressed if that Time cover had used models.
looking forward to partying with You!
Evan turner traveled soo bad...smh at
Live Jazz with Joe Marillo from 7 to 9pm tonight!
Uploaded my first YouTube video, it's me ranting about people and things that piss me off.
cross fingers i hope it's good.
she is going to kill you!
Did you talk to her?
nah we takin it to the air Friday night....
Have the boxing gloves ready...Lls
could you tweet for me?
she needs you..
Doctor's in the morning..
I'm excited to see you at the mocktail!
CHIchat is getting started in 10 minutes!
Join Chicago's finest to chat about Art, Music and Culture in the city!
Motivate  We are still masters of our fate.
quote We are still captainins of our souls.
follow me please!
33
oh my.
Good to hear everything is okay now.
says Dems are filing a complaint with the GAB alleging illegal corroboration between Walker's Campaign and State Govt.
I cooked tonight.
Salmon w/a nice glaze, mashed potatoes, garlic sautéed spinach  a light strawberry short cake.
Guests were happy  full.
sorry we couldn't even get you 1,000 followers!
Pathetic I know.
Tried my best though :
you serious???
UC San Diego Sulpizio Cardiovascular Center just opened.
Learn how to get an appointmentkeep your heart healthy bit.ly/orlzed
I am obsessed w/ 1 of the goodies that came in my !
But I don't want to say what it is  kill the surprise ;
When people say Jordan isn't a baby I'm just here like, Have you seen his handwriting IT'S SO CUTE LIKE A BABY.
same
thanks for the shoutouts today!
....is screaming HAPPY BIRTHDAY 2 my lil cousin...LATOYA STRIPLING!!!!
First day of NADA2012!
Are you going to the ATD Welcome Reception?
Tweet us  let us know!
Did you ever followed me back?
Come out tonight to the Farmer's Market from 69 for an evening of wine, beer, hors d'oeuvres, bluegrass and a silent auction!
gee wish I cud do that but i live 5 minutes from where I work  im not allowed to sleep  work
Well, hello Houston.
You are very humid.
nice..
How many people did you invite?
New jordans sold out already ...huh!
This shit needs to stop!
Instead of the white race we should be worried about the human race
it's 5 and registration is at 4pm at Mullens and includes10 different Southside bars.
It's on facebook too!
client project for Imprinted countdown clocks.
Custom countdown clocks for corporate events or a new project rolling out.
ha ha well you never lnow
I won the twitterwar agains by 63!
Thank you all for the follows!
BUT I will still send a check to
Circumstances are usually impartial...but life is only as hard as I make it
Are you a good sport?
I love Clark's class.
We might not have total control of our fate but we can certainly give it a push in the direction we choose.
everyone has something, right?
Me too.
RT : My doctorw Something name is the same as my Twitter name, if anybody feels like bringin' it.
So far...
I'm leaning heavily toward Ken Blackwell for RNC Chair.
He's a tall white guy wearing a black Track 7 tshirt.
Thanks meow
Bay bay bay
Yellow aphids on the lovage, green aphids on the fennel,  blue aphids on the cauliflower time 2 make 1st batch of organic insect repellent
Watching Hostel Part II  I can't help but think that somewhere in the world a place like that really exists......yikes!!
Relaxing.
It hasn't happened often this week.
The amount of anger building up inside of me is unhealthy...
it's like a wreck, I can't look away
SERIOUS hornhonking right now on Mission street right now!
I'm listening to your covers for the first time and i just love your voice!
I wanna make thesecookies.
It's mad late though!.
This unacceptable
RT : Missed 2 wkshps but made 's prtnrwrk Class w/ Outstanding they broke dwn tricky moves...
How to love 3
I don't normally read SciFi stuff.
But I am finding myself really enjoying Dawn by Octavia E.
Butler
Fuck it OKC belongs to Kansas city
Thanks for the RT.
Would you guys take a flight on a that plane?
Cuz we're looking into tix, if you want us to grab you some.
yeah I guess :p I'm still kind of upset about the break up :/
English TV, I usually love you!
Why won't you indulge my postseason, grandslam, fairweather sporting enthusiasm?
my students are having a really difficult time coming up with noncomputer equivalents to things like tumblr or instagram.
Prepping for arrival...
Making sure she has an enjoyable stay
NEW FREEDIA NEW WORLD EXCITED TO B BACK ON THE ROAD OMG!!
ESPN reporting that Favre is expecting to play tomorrow against Patriots, says ankle is much better.
WIN A FREE T SHIRT.
www.yeldahgoods.com/contests
Come out to KB Homes today from 1p3p to see beautiful homes and win some great prizes!
so sorry!!
I'm a little slow at the twitter!
Thanks for the shout out!
:
sorry ...
I'm not actually going to jazz tomorrow
; well then, text me later...the app.
:
omg can i commit now
The best night editing the last issue of with , and Cheers, superstaffers.
we may not have it all together but together we have it all 
Apparently Sweetest Day is a midwest holiday.
Glad to be on the west coast.
Didn't care for that holiday anyways.
what's the scoop
any second now.
Why is there no other rangoon?
Why does crab have a monopoly on rangoon?
RT Red Bull is one of the biggest syndicators of extreme sports content.
They make more  off their content than product.
So excite to see The Lorax with Liam and Jack!
nannydate?
thanks for posting this sir.
any time:
Give directly to candidate if under 1,000.
They can buy ads for half the cost of PAC groups.
Dear crush, I want our relationship to be like Tom  Jerry; no matter how many times we fight, we won't be apart.
hey there Jim.
Pleased to tweet you!
Happy running  wiz.
It is not a question of how well each process works, the question is how well they all work together
Cannot stop watching Intervention.
Show opens up my eyes.
hm my hair smells good.
Eating ice cream n Oreos at 3am missing my first lady
What are you going to doctorss up as for Halloween?
I need some inspiration!
The moment I put on the sweater, I knew that I liked it.
Rookie of the Year?!
Right?
My first crush too.
:
Leadership means taking accountability for both the results and the way the results get accomplished.
How matters.
I'd be happy to  can you follow me so that I can DM you?
Thanks so much!
Im addicted to this album!!
Shout out to 4 jumping on the track, It's gon' be a Classic Real recognize Real
Basketball is a team game.
But that doesn't mean all five players should have the same amount of shots.
Dean Smith
no doubt
Email me and we will figure something out.
I hope this is my bus in the distance...
hope the bday was wonderful!
see you next weds?
very much so.
Simpsons lost it years ago.
Hey, forgot to say congrats for meeting your following goal!
Has anyone claimed their free babysign class yet?
Vegas bound!
Gonna see George Jones, The Possum!
i will
i loved redemption great job guys!!!
If you don't have gas mask, a bandana soaked in vinegar will protect your face,eyes vs tear gas
i read your column about the moss Vikings tweet.
i appreciate you coming clean.
very respectable.
thank you.
I'm gonna find oddneighbor on FB.
I bet she's got some interesting things on there
was the best moment
Evelyn Waugh Punctuality is the virtue of the bored.
I guess I was just practice.
Realizing if I were a character on larkrise ...
it would be Dorcas...
sans corset, post office, or lady parts...
whoRUonPBS ?
How'd u want me to take care of u...
Grubby Girl will be closed from 12/23 until I/4/12.
Have a safe and Happy Holiday Season!
YEEUH DID HE SEE??
of course it is
no slam on Charlotte; CUSA does itself no favors taking in weak or brand new football programs.
Bigger not always better
Thanks!
If you've got lots of friends in poker, we're looking for affiliate reps all over the US.
LMK if you're interested.
Today is friday finally 3
Back rubs?
No.
Back scratch?
Yes.
Good morning
hey Kendall you really should follow this awesome Rusher she is so sweet and she loves you
What was the best movie to come out in the past couple of years?
Let's hear some opinions!
It hits right in the pocket and Donny sounds incredible.
That whole album is great.
Loveit.
ya know I didn't even know her name lol...now I got that song in my head!
haha.
2004.
Oh snap.
We have a lot to talk about now.
I love Diggy Simmons and Mindless Behavior
Saying you'll go to sleep but being to distracted to even try.
RT The worst thing that can happen is that you'll die and go to heaven.
Joel Osteen at
PANEL INFO: The Digital Me: Personal Branding SIS Founders Rm
This is the day I have to say goodbye to my great grandmother and I don't know if I'm ready for this but the lord will see me through this!!
tft oomf can tweet but not text back...
Hold on.
Change is coming.
Everything is gonna be alright.
Still going.
My current distance is 6.34 miles.
Current song is 
Deadline for recall candidates to turn in 2,000 signatures to GAB is tonight at 5
is that a visual comparison as well?
Only by going too far can one possibly find out how far one can go.
Playoff basketball is so nice lets go Nuggetts!!!
Everybody dies but not everybody lives
no doubt
And I can't breathe.
It took until May 8th for Miller Park roof to be open for a game.
Yet, the have managed to play how many games at Wrigley ?
following the ...
pretty eerie to read and remember seeing this unfold on TV...
Frak yes!!
I love those movies and Sackhoff is a total hottie!
TGIF!
Our suggestions for a good Tucson weekend: doctornks at Playground, reverse happy hour at Union, Sunday's Food Truck Roundup!
when your really notguilty but no one believes you.
Adele's voice sounds clean smooth and clear
NP.
Was a pleasure seeing the great work you do being honored.
Congrats!
RT : Thanks for the DCADDYs shoutout!
with my face buried in my iphone?
yep!
Happy Birthday Gray!
Hope you have a great day!
Love ya:
Is it even possible to go to all of your classes in a week?
That moment when it just seems like nothing is right .
/ :
does worldgolf have an RSS feed?
Yes!
Do u deliver?
: RT : Anybody want some fresh chocolate chip cookies?
I like your new avatar photo, pretty :
Sweet Daughter, them are some wise words.
Ain't it THE truth!
: sweet Jesus Christ my sanity.
butreally
Tune into ESPN in 20 min at 8PM ET to watch the show I'm working on  NCAA bowling.
Way to go SF Giants!
WooHoo!!!
NEXT 4 ARTISTS TO DM: ME ..
PROMOTED ON MHRR, Mile High Royalty Radio, Week 2!
SERIOUS INQUIRIES ONLY!
Not limited to
See bybloggers.net/wckccpt.zip for sample code from Custom Post Types session
yea for sure !
Yea buddy!
First time I've been really into the Sixers since AI was around.
keep those boobs in your shirt if we play the Lakers in the Finals again.
Kobe likes him some white meat.
You are to skinny though
wht u talking about I always follow ppl back just don't ask me ok lol
Mom was asking me for fashion advice over text, and I finally said, Google Mad Men  click images.
That should be your style.
Second round, yeah.
Then will be in Europe within three years.
Im gettin tatted again this weekend im damn near outta room already lmal
Thanks for the recommendation Mark, I look fwd to his tweets.
well iam trying to have FUN!
thanks ; what an incredible experience!
Catch All Terrain cofounder on ABC's between 910 AM!
She  WCL are teaming with Bloomingdale's for a great cause!
Don't forget RP's single in all of this
My son named his bike SPEED...
Just witnessed a showdown between danielle and a stupid Chinese retard and danielle just TRASHED her 
Is Jenga one of the Hunger Games?
Bruce Greenwood would make a Fantastic Reed Richards
presiding over my last Houston Young Lawyers Association board meeting as president!
It's been a great year!!!
hell yea I do porn everyday hahhahahaha
thanks for sharing the Baltimore love, Michael!
Thanks!
Just getting into shooting, I was happy with how I did.
This was at 15 yards
haha, well played!
and again I say y'all are ADORABLE : Awwh!
True love!
3
When I'm put in to awkward/bad situations.
.
At Maricopa Assoc of Governments Economic Development Committee collaborative discussion on Innovation opportunities and Incubator successes
yeah that's a good song:D
Good Monday morning to you today.
Cold but sunny here in Kipling, NC.
Working on shipping out weekend orders.
18 years ago today genius passed.
May we always remember the brilliance of Bill Hicks....
RT : Im hosting The Miller Lite NFLdoctorft Kickoff w/ Bears Alumni Shaun Gayle  Big Cat Williams 2night...
Why do you press harder on the buttons of a remote control when you know the batteries are dead?
I want it to be July; tans, swimming, and fireworks3
No, you'll end up looking like Mike Napoli or even worse, Joey Fatone
I hate it when i finally get my hair how i want it and then i go to work and it fucks it all up.
we were confused here also.
Someone thought it was approaching delay of game?
I'm about to give up on this chemistry assignment 
laptop and i have a stupid old phone either way stupidd
in other words he's clueless...out of touch!
I love making new Friends
I miss your tasty orange doctornk, I haven't had it in what feels like forever!
Psst...
has doctorke tickets coming up at 6:30 tonight.
You best be listening if you want 'em!
i never doubted you for a minute.
, I would intentionally force mike to do anything too stupid
i watched it last night and idk if i was expecting too much or what?
Great cast just couldnt get into the storyline
Braved the rain for some peach pinkberry, totally worth it
I feel bad for people with life changing moments because every moment for me is life changing.I guess I have a life changing life.
NBA MLB MLS NHL all in action this time of year.
GodblessAmerica That's pretty much what it takes to cope with NFL offseason
Checking in  Golden Globes gift suite in Beverly Hills...yes life is tough!
I will do what I normally do...donate most of it to charity.
Oh, Olive!
Is one of our new vendors!
Come and delight in its many healthy extra virgin olive oils and vinegars.
I laugh on the outside and still crying on the inside.
and I am ALSO on my way to YOU!
I'm cold
Let's just assume I know this isn't my Mom's/ Grandma's Food/Store/Restaurant and find something more creative to say about it instead.
Happy Mother's Day, Dad...
you mother!
Sound is Dope!!!
I didn't even realize blockbusters still existed.
I want my VHS!
About to go down the rabbit hole.
Pray for peace and self awareness.
This could be a long journey.
I love this world and everyone in it.
Thank you very much.
See y'all tonite at The Bartlett Comedy Spot with  5709 Raleigh Lagrange.730
The women have to create an ad campaign, which includes casting, wardoctorbe, props and hair and makeup.
ANTM is ALL NEW tonight at 9 on CW20!
omg jersey shore was so good33333
represent and manage pro athletes.
u are lucky didn't crack your skull punk!!!
At Liuzzas, there's a guy here with loud kids.
It's Ray Nagin.
Teach a man to fish  you've fed him for a lifetime!
Allstate has given 2.6M since 2006 to college scholarship funds; Target gives 3M/WEEK to local communities.
How do you pitchin?
in this global community why not have a global web site......peewaddy.com
did you take any pictures?
would love to see the final look:
I am not playing with this daydoctoramsandnightmares album.
Ask.
what he heard today..
I swear this shit is gonna be nice!
As you were
2 snakes!!
They both got caught on sticky mouse traps i put in my room!
I almost fainted when I found them!
LOL!!
Hey Twitter...
Hi
TV or Movie job?
GOODNIGHT TWEETHEARTS!
MUAH SWEETdoctorAMS  REMEMBER FOLLOWYOURdoctorAMS SO U CAN TURN THEM INTO REALITY!
;
CALL ME.
Would it be ok if i took your breath away?
Shout out to the newest tweeps to follow us and join the FreeHand Corps: ,  !
lol yea you right
This Cavaliers team is much much better this year.
One ping ball falls our way and we are now competitive.
VIP Tables SOLD OUT and waitlisted last night ...
hope you already made your reservations for tonight!
DJ HEAVEN  DJ RIZ  ESTATE 
I want a Madonna piercing :
SomeoneIWantToMeet Not someone but 5 people...
One Direction :
USAC open wheel star Bryan Clauson has been hired by Sarah Fisher to try to qualify for the Indy 500.
nice :  but silver and fancy bows and arrowsand computer generated death hounds...
Tonight tied UK's worst loss against UofL in the school's history
my cat raps.
his names Wiska Lifa.
no bc we all read that Courtney wins on Which is going to suck for Ben at the Women Tell All next week
sent u a txt I can type more in a txt
nf follow back
hey Mae!
Don't ever lose faith in someone or something.
Faith is what keeps us going.
you've been foiled by your own sense of indignation.
any suggestions for dealing with cramps during end of training session?
areyoufuckingwithme this is so not true?
he's busy!
do u think he would really go visit you , stupid starting shitt.
Working the door at the Hype Hotel all day and I don't own anything green to wear...
anticipating all sorts of fun comments.
I'm here
It seems like Everytime I'm around you, were laughing our asses off haha
Congrats Cindy on Motherhood tix win: The greatest gift anyone could EVER be given!
Thx to all for participating...mom trivia 2morrow.
I'm reading Death at Pemberley by P.D.
James!
..
and Andoctorw W Mellon professorssor of Humanities at Boston College.
Honored you are following.
Looking forward to your tweets on gratitude, change management,  positive thinking.
WOW kansas making big plays on D.
I was watching 'Parenthood' on TV.
All I can say is that this group is a loud, contentious bunch.
Even the 'Gilmore Girl,' is a bitch.
Watchin saw with my sis and mommah gotta love these girls!!:
I fall too fast, crash too hard, forgive too easily, and care too much..,.,.,.,,
Let it Ho!
Opens tonight!
Come pick up your free doctornk and OOB koozie!
TONIGHT  THE SPOT 8pm!
I weighed in and gained 0.2 lbs.
and I hope Nuggets win tonight 'cause I predicted DEN/LAL series would go to 7 and said would be an upset.
so go Nuggets, beat L.A.
But, he doesn't look a day over 320!!
:
Crazy Friday
yea shits gonna get ugly
Did I just see Spinelli doctorssed as The Dude's rug?
The 'Saw' button is great!
FOLLOW ME BACK: 20
walking to class?
Shoulder Lean will forever be be song!
I LOVE that song!
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657.
please follow me back and i love your videos.
Awesome!!
Okay so I'm gonna be 23 on Monday and I'm going all fangirl over this contest lol so much fun!
More on TheWantedInWisconsin in a few minutes on WISN12.
Congrats to students at one Racine school!
WESA members, we still have some rooms available!!
Just visit us  hotelvq.com  click on the WESA logo for your special rate!!!
Great, I just realized I work in a small Maine town that has been engulfed by thick fog for days.
I need to make my way to a grocery store.
Tons of great options.
Try Sitka  Spruce...
I love all my ladies:
want me 2 shout out for you?
I guess I will have to bring my DD214 so I get out alive.
y'all are going to Westminster?
I'm envious of the fun you must have at your job!
Fortunately, mine is pretty great, too.
:
i also predict an increase in doctornktoface throwing, violent side eye, going to fight a bitch, and more bad behavior
SOO MY MAN IS SHUTTING DOWN SANTOS ON THE 23RD WHOSE COMING OUT TO SEE THE BEST UNSIGNED ARTIST IN NYC HANDS DOWN!??
Watching The Devil Inside 
: cmon over big ej wish I could man working until 3.
I'm down on a weekend tho
you're such a tease!
O Coffee, precious black liquid, to which I am addicted, you help me face my kindoctord, keep me focused and committed, even as I sip it
the only thing that worries me is the credit check.
I feel like I'm buying a car.
I'm fine on my background.
My grandma looked adorable waiting for us outside with her umbrella.
Tomorrow will be better!
's performance on Ellen was amazing!
Great job!:
Fatherhood has made you wise.
i know.
Lol gosh i never knew i would miss pigeon forge so much
See videos of our adult fitness class on Facebook!
Just heard a 6th grader call his friend a chode fuck.
Wtf is wrong with childoctorn these days?
That's exactly what I use it for.
Did you get any good responses for the high schoolers?
shit was crazy, lmao after it was all done I was CRACKING THE FUCK UP!
Just when I thought LA was for the skinny people....I've got a print ad audition for tomorrow.
You can never judge this town.
Ever.
Fucked that final up.
On my momma.
I just need someone to cover my shift today:!!
Happy Sunday!
Enjoy the blessings of this lovely day!
I'll be there.
Look forward to meeting you.
Love all the allusions to old favorite books in
working it off now but worth it!
BBQ Chicken w/ noodles, veggies  salad, YUM!
It's true!
We have some pretty awesome ones.
RT : LOL they all work at
I dig leaving work with a shred of daylight left.
Glad this dark winter is starting to lift.
good place for pics, autographs  its in the shade.
My wife  I have sat here the past few years.
I was praying that you and me might end up together 3
What a great venue.
Great sound, lights  still very intimate.
Was impressed.
fanquestion what is their favorite song right now?
I love boys come home with my brothers..
My brothers got some hot frannnnsss.
lol I love it!!
: Well she got her revenge by beating me at darts
Yes, because ALL of us are evil...seriously.
RT : Introduce me to anyone decent I'll find evil in em
Jordan is so much better than Kobe.
WAY better shooter, more MVP's, more rings, better FT .
Jordan Kobe
thanks for the recs!
i ended up at Ramen California, and m, the pork on the tonkotsu was DElish!
I'm tired
Great quote and so true!
Keep it up, Clean Lungs!
I think you're rad  I know you can do it!
JUST IN..Packers go out of business and forced to give the rights of Lambo Leap to the Hawks for the Shaw Shimme.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Mark Twain
Sign me UP!
All oil produced will be sold in global market, midwest gas prices will go up 510 cents per gal and jobs are temp.
I'm saying ah to  today.
BeachConnection.net says very little lodging on the Oregon coast this 4th of July.
A says road and air traffic both strong.
not sure on the specifics.
You should definitely ask around and research it though before you do the court thing.
where are you ?
With ?
Tell me more about the link promo  def possible.
It does mean I'm going to have to change a lot of professorles  email signatures!
Alright my 2,002nd tweet goes out to
The more you have to explain something, the less it's worth explaining.
I guess me being the nice guy I get looked ova..
goodguyfinshedlast again!!
Smh..
Couldn't let go, it stayed on my mind At the end of the night I had to decide, I was thinkin'...
These are all good options.
And they Sox fans aren't willing to provide constructive ideas.
Is that what they say?
god i can't breathe what is this.
Np: Take Care Rihanna Ft doctorke
on my way to teen hoot :
Google Penguin Update: Don't Forget About Duplicate Content  WebProNews
Domino's pizza stay trying to hem a brother up with the email deals, but unless is here, its a no go.
Rolled out of bed, got ready in 10, now im at stockhouse
hahaha, you should!
Did you find out anything about catering?
Yeah :/ I'm sorry!
But I'm sure they'll figure it out.
Your the bigger person for staying out of it :
I blame media that talks about underwear 24/7 but let the death panels hang out there like truth.
Thanks bro.
Enjoy the race.
I'm not a fan but I've always wanted to go to a NASCAR race.
I bet those fans can doctornk!
lol you got it Mark GEESH LOUISE!!!
They ARE!
I have THREE slap band watches.
I wear them all the time!
true!
Just luv what Joss has done for the heroine!
Wait till ya see what he has done w/ black Widow!
Anyone know of any cool marketing or entrepreneurship events going on this week?
lol!
wrangling goats is never awkward...
George Glass
Hope you had a great show!
um anyways lol
Sometimes, after finding the truth, you realize that the lie was easier to live with.
We BMF'n all over this town, Big Meech Larry Hoover
Presenting on April 6 in Palo Alto:
So this Tintin movie .
.
.
why couldn't this have been liveaction instead of creepy photorealistic CG animation?
do you want to hang out?
Check out this cance to win some free stuff:
we're you at the Sono Regent 8 downtown?
We love that theater.
's customer support is terrible.
One more example of awful outsourcing to India.
always, babe.
what did you do today?:
Afternoon sunadult beveragesnaps.
Sunshine equation.
I wouldn't say KL's a waste, just too much development there is targeted towards foreigners.
Real estate as no.
1 export.
If you find it please return to the media center.
Girl trying to get educated and can't go to class w/out ID.
FAMILY MATTERS!!!!!!!!
: I haven't seen this show in forever.
I love it :
Soo encouraged today!!
Even on my worst day and being stressed I still find joy in it all...that's truly being blessed!
Remy is talking about failfaire.
You all know about this, , ?
but I just don't know how to love him
someone buy me believe tour backstage passes !
NOW .
ATTN Writers: Would you be interested in penning our bio/elevator pitch?
If so, shoot us a DM.
Thanks!
Austin Mahone, you're my one ' only boy ....
now just why cant I be your one ' only girl ?
3
What day in Feb are we finding out?
New Girl, I love you but that scene was utterly ridiculous.
That's how you get my vote....or not
RT : Its time for Motorama LIVE, brought to you by  Editor in Chief and your Motorama LIVE Host
Hope ct and diem win tonight!
It's almost Game of Thrones time on HBO!!
that's awesome!
Can't wait!
You super excited??
this is very dope.
I'm gonna throw it up on our blog for sure.
Good work!
pitbull is sexy...
i love him....
yeah
It IS scary when you first start.
It feels like a huge jump off the typical ship into an open sea.
Been the best thing tho.
Mtg.
If fast I'm in Jordan.
If long I have a short break at 2
I'm curious about what makes PH intriguing for an academic historian?
And also why the ugly stepsister status?
If some of the latest wx models pan out, the bulk of heavier snow may stay just south of much of immediate area.
And I'm not spam!
;
are you???
jungle worms...so then he got infected and then he faked being sick after he got better because she was serving him so well
depends on the crowd.
try to be
how was it?!
Determined to go to church this morn
This is a shout out to
this dude really offered to buy a rose smh
I'm so effin' excited and happy I don't know what to do with myself!!!!
AH England?
Or Mexico?
Hm?
It takes a village...
and then some.
where u at ?
thank you for following Welleducator.org!
Ha, my family calls me Mel Indirectly related to Gen Thadeus Kosciuszko.
He had no kids.
Why do guys promise big things and just never follow through?
And then!
Ask why we just don't believe you cause you've never lied
good morning tweeties :
Can you message me your personal email?
I'm trying to send stuff to your AU account, but it's not working.
Still in shock from madmen Should I go to sleep or watch it again?
WOW!
i'm surprised ALONA talked to us wow.........
:D my coowner will freak
When my teacher catches me on Twitter.
She laughs at me....
won, i'm going to bed happy.
I'll save my rant about Lou Williams until the morning
: I hate it when I meow at cats and they don't meow back.
Unbelievably rude.
lol
I'm looking forward to the rant RT : This wedding is off the hinges..
And I'm shit faced...1st doctornk tweet ever
: yay!
You're my 100 follower:D
Well, I'm not going to pay full price to find out.
:p
follow me ;
Give it to here in the worst way, Can't wait to blow her candles out 
Liked it?
Loved it.
It was...
amazing.
How bout that fucking Pun.
Heh yeah, i guess i did huh.
Rad.
I stuck w/ it for a while  I'm sad I didn't keep it up.
go for it!
Create Club is back today!
35pm w/author Susan Lowell reading her books, then make bookmarks for Rio Nuevo bookmark contest!
ff Old school venues to meet friends
Good morning!
Coffee was brewing when I made my way downstairs this morning.
That's a great way to start the day!
mister on my head in an hour.
doctornk somethin for me when they do lose!
Not at this season of Music Under Glass anymore, but we will at our Summer's Best Series.
Stay tuned!
Just ate a tempeh reuben at Stella's with It's a really nice place for a relaxing lunch and so many veg options!
Too early to be up on a Saturday
What we do for ourselves dies with us.
What we do for others and the world remains and is immortal.
Albert Pine
Thanks for the shout out.
Should be fun!
Sorry!
They're all gone.
Its a beautiful day...u are so.not on my level...
Im laughn at you....rolling....
Fuel's right around the corner, doll.
FreshAirIsGoodForYou.
:
Rent a movie and avoid the crowds!
Lol stop bitching!
not here yet
She just told me to stop going out with guys every girl wants.
Really?
How tf would I even know?
I go out with whoever I want!
That's what I thought when I first visited.California isn't only a place,it's a state of mind.
For me it's a love affair.
Chekhov's gun  elevator.
Any parent receiving child support should be fully accountable for the expenditure of those funds, with documentation and review.
The Rockefeller Center tree lighting is tonight.
Nothing beats Christmas in New York City!
tis the season.
it's only good for shoes  men clothes
indeed I did like your sense of humor!
An estimated 1 out of
If Vinny can't return on the ABDC stage in his original position then no one should be used as an alternative in his place.
My Little Porny!!!
A person can't really truly fail unless they give up
you in Chicago?
Or you fucking with me..
lol
: WMYB ON IN THE CAR THIS IS MY KINDA PARTY doctorp it lyke itz hawt.
Good luck on your finals!
I so cannot be trusted around guacamole.
is it wrong to have guacamole before noon?
tapey and tickles have friends.
woo!
Can this nightmare be over already?
I love Wikipedia.
Or was Ben Franklin really known as Wolverine Man?
Please, let's have an easier day on the schedule today, shall we?
doctornk guy walked up to me and asked how far away is it?
How far away is what?
Um...
The moon coming up.
Oh.
I think another 20 mins.
Just set my Velveeta on fire
Really excited for tonight:
It was great to have Vandy !
Sorry about the finish, but we hope you had safe travels  enjoyed your visit R.S.
On a twitter roll!
Somebody random tell me what you think of us...good or bad.
Would you buy our next CD?
this is true.
Would you like to go down to the vacant apartment s later and procure illicit materiel?
Sad people who lack confidence are happy to spend lots of money to make themselves feel more beautiful or worthy.
Misclassification  DOL and IRS feel they are losing money for workers' comp., taxes, and unemployment.
Let us help you out!
we gotta link up
is safe so happy im throwing up!
Good choice america
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!.
it's crazy please follow me!
PutYourHeartsUp  3
smooches Big B dawg!
Fox Shoutout!
RT : RT : More Glee action with a bit of Adele
Who has instagram?:
Unless you're looking in my windows, it's doppelgänger season.
Omg I love today.
I love the end of the semester.
I love summer.
Glad to see ARod back in the lineup tonight and Happy Birthday wishes to one of the greatest Yankees of alltime, Don Mattingly!
You suck.
kisses back!!!
NoorKhan d/o Indian Sufi dad American mom, dist relative of MaryBakerEddy founder Church Christ Scientist  TipuSultan freedomfighter
We won't let you down!
Bring your appetite!!!
Jon Kyl blocks START treaty.
I guess fucking up domestic policy was too small a stage for Republicans
i love chicago.
i love it so much i'm going to civilly unite with it!
take that you traitor!
I'm sorry but no one puts baby in a corner and no one beats an peach!
, thanks again!
I am so proud of my wife She started her journey to complete her education as an Advanced Practice Registered Nurse!!!
UW is blessed to have you as a Dawg!
: Blessed to be on football scholarship and attend the prestigious University of Wash
Glad we went.
Its awesome that you  are fun AND professorssional; those are 2 qualities rarely paired in folks so young
Reports are that he shot himself in the chest; don't be surprised if he's donating his brain to concussion research like Dave Duerson.
Got the part in a small film plus I was asked to be part of a web series!!!!!
Yay!
Boy:Daddy,where did I come from?
Dad:Well,you came from your mommy,Pal Boy:Where'd Mommy come from?
Dad:FROM THE DEPTHS HADES!
and to you too, sweetheart.
Thinking of you this weekend.
Holding the space for you...:
you know I'm teasing.
Merry Christmas Luke!
test message
eh I wouldnt want KMart, if we doctorft beal then we should be set at SG
weedcommandments Thou shalt not eat edibles and expect to be fine in 1 hour.
Michelle Bachmann is no longer running for President.
New bar on H Street to open inside bathroom of new bar on H Street...
i cant believe what had happened yesterday
Exciting discovery: plays accordion and uke.
and we need to have a pianoukeaccordion session soon.
lucky!
I'm still stuck at MSY.
Delay, delay, canceled, reinstated...
long day!
With 2nd bored kids!
You should not deny others of your art and your talent due to the materialism that doctorves so many.
yeah I'm on.
I can't either.:/ I never can.
I totally danced off those chicken sandwiches I ate earlier
Football Manger is so addictive.
I love it.
don't hurt nobody at that party.
;
Dear bank lady, please don't tell me I am difficult because I am asking a lot of questions...
Thanks for the Follow
RT : Mashed Potatoes is sweet!
Thank you for meeting with us.
We appreciate your help!
Have a great weekend...
Hasn't been on Twitter in a minute.
What'd I miss?
Thirteen Minutes 3
The beauty you see in Life, is but a reflection from within.
Point of Origin: Poulsbo A.L.F.
Destination: Sequim A.L.F.
Prognosis: Favorable
I see a survey crew on GA Hwy 264 Bethany Church Rd.
Maybe sidewalks to Hwy 78?
Thank you Gwinnett Co.!
That's so cool!
Hopefully he likes the ending!
OMG!
Just found a HUGE ass Beetle thing on my skirt!
Mustve picked it up from outside n brought it home!
Thankg my angels for letting ...
omg i just realized who u were !
R u still teaching at champion ?
:
Headed to Miller Park this a.m.
to cover CardinalsBrewers opening weekend series.
If anyone gets check out the pregame show.
Hahaha my dad just flipped cuz some guy was staring at my moms b000bz
put your glass in your pool b/c he hates Cleveland.
Never has any lady luck here...or there
Where...
so evocative of the ideal realm.
On the way to Vegas .
Here comes trouble
Happy Monday Australia!
It's coffee time :
Impress yourself today
haha that night was pretty great : I had all kinds of fun
Inlaws en route.
You guys really rock: thx for making my Bday so enjoyable over 400 Bday posts!
WOW much love and thank you all.
They may have delusions, paranoia and a depressed emotional state.
I had an editor like that once.
KatieOnGMA how could anyone possibly give U advice???
Its like riding a bike...fyi..your cohost is GEORGE..not Matt!
LOL
In this week's installment of Joy Sticks, columnist Matt Overstreet talks about video games as a form of storytelling....
Tomorrow i have sound check at 11:30am for my performance at The gypsy fest at 3PM, Then i perform again baba budans later that night.
:
Welcome to my Page
Thank you for RT!
Happy Birthday To Me 
I truly like 'em and respect 'em Rick Perry gives a genuine shoutout to campaign reporters at GridIron dinner.
deadon accurate.
owes him a big apology  not 4 the leak, but the guilty rants of their heads following
mister Rogers would have been better than Rodgers
Thanks for the follow Your Neighborhood Plumber for NYC...
No extra charges nights, weekends, holidays or emergencies...24/7
u commin to my show the 19th??
Loving the excitement from the Air Show, but the noise from the jets is scaring the cats!
Me, too.
20 years since diagnosed.
People like you help a lot.
Especially for a girl who's not a beauty product junky I refuse to peruse for hrs.
on end lol lol
: Stealing this: Pulaski SW uniforms look like Florida's, but fans do Florida State tomahawk chant confused?
Warriors maybe?
Oh you already know what's up big dogg...Series ain't over what so ever ya know ;
It's being taught by VC from MentorTech.
Great guy with a lot of knowledge.
Fans must be golfing today RT : Fenway looks real empty today.
Especially for a Beckett start.
It must be their offday.
Need Guys, one in dog costume, one to be his friend, average looking, to do events on May 28th in NY, DET, ATL and MPLS.
Excited for the long awaited return of
sadly yes
I cut it up cooked it up way it should be: so i walked down the block and copped anotha kii from the big homey
Jus kam from party city.
The gurls r fairyz.
Dullie is the hulk.
N im a dark fairy.
We r soo fabulous!
When asked the question about how I feel when I am appreciated at work...it really did make gift giving a no brainer.
Cali has the MOST bipolar weather
Guarantee SOMEBODY is gonna see that pic  hop on the comments like Aye lil mama..
I wanna swim wit you doee!
Lol!
just followed.
Now follow me biotch.
Ill make up something official sounding to send you.
Have your students vocalize in formal settings  much needed so they can converse professorssionally at some point in time.
waiting for my dad.
I'm going tonight!
RT : Has anyone gone to the delmarfair?
m really
This morning's piece brought tears to my eyes.
As usual.
That's amazing, but out of my price range.
Thank you, though.
Me too.
; 140MTL RT : gonna be on ustream at around 4ish tomorrow.
Waiting for link.
OHH MY GOSH
As someone who writes from amazingly fastarriving texts, I'm in awe of all reporters who can do that.
Where is the pressure on these QBs?
doctorving me nuts.
replace1Dsongswithfreedom Freedom Makes You Beautiful
Coaches from Bradley and Dayton extended scholarship offers to Berlin's Toby Hegner this week.
Verizon iPhone PreOrders, News Corp.
Introduces The Daily
Happy 4th everyone!
Celebrate your independance, make it an awesome day in every way.
Oh yeah and some fireworks too
not very
what would you use FTP for?
You just push to production using SVN or GIT
Healthy masculinity is about respect, love and caring.
Can the Hawks get rid of Mike Kitchen next?
Need bridal hair inspiration!?
Just take a look at the red carpet!!
So sad:: Killed in today's school bus crash: Bus doctorver Thomas Spencer II, 60; student Donasty Smith, 5, Indianapolis
Yes : , kussh is the flavor  cherry pie is my favorite !
tell me about it.
Try doctorving 90mph...
Semihallucinating...rofl!
OK cool.
Thanks for your help!
Who runs out of gas on the way to they show, I'm in this bitch though, Haan...
Thanks for the FF !
HowToMakeItInAmerica Sell Coke, Yola, Butter, Piff, Sniff, Hash  Of Course Rob People
Dont care what anyone says Scott Disick's Pink Suit is off da CHAIN!
I would definitely rock that look!
Scott lets start a mens line!?
I hope the loading times don't suck in LittleBigPlanet Karting, like they did in ModNation Racers.
i second that cap'ncrunch time!!!!
why are you tryin to look so hard in your pic??
Mean muggin!
I'm one with the chaos.
Any suggestions on how to settle it into productivity.
I'm open.
Anyone?
they took let me in off : i love that movie.
:
Checking out the Panels....er...
panel.
haha my b.
I guess you'll always be magguy to me.
But it stresses me out.
I search my comp for elicit pics that don't exist.
Thanks James.
Goodlooks
Get the party started right this holiday season!
Book a Party Today!
i pulled my abdomen muscle thats on my bone..
100 kids vying for county's top speller at SD Hall of Champions this morning.
First speller knocked out by condor.
Less where it sits, more that it's incorporated into the branding marketing  communication strategy.
Found a nice temp desk at the SDL corporate offices in Maidenhead.
Excited to faces to all the names throughout the week.
so excited to be heading to moscow, siberia, mongolia and china and all on a luxury train.
fun!
when you coming to the states babe!?!
Phillies will win the world series Go Phillies
David doctorzen told me to tell you Hello.
So now I can check that off the list!
Related: between the run  job offer, excuse me if I refer to anything I say, eat, doctornk or do for the rest of today as Celebratory 
qot an interview 2man; wish me luck twitter ;
Thanks,we are,no kidding!
You know what 22 would do right now?
It would put us at 1,200.
Can we do it???
Only one more hour to go to roctheday!
when you don't see my tweets.
He also brought the 67 and the 98 which had fantastic aromatics, but a very tight palate.
my brother's 20  he still gets an Easter basket lmao
Right, let's bulldoze Downer Woods for football and basketball arenas they don't need.
just a hangover.
Don't worry 2nd half they should roll.
Knocked out for like 2 hours.
me?!
You.
Easily.
Dirty niggas stay in the bathroom doing everything but washing up!
Soon!!
RT : Can't wait to hear new stuff by you guys!
3
Dog Fashions and Saddlepacks
I'd love to  but with clients all those days in NJ; But do go visit Rockefeller XMas Tree was there when it was lit
I start my paper.
My professorssor emails back 4 days later.
I did my paper wrong.
DIE.
Just watched a throw back film Girl 6.....
Sounds perfect, enjoy!
Yea it's always busy around here : Just crossing our fingers for some more spring sunshine.
Later gator!
such a gorgeous song!
RT : Judge Feinstein: after cuts, only three civil depts will remain open.
//Justice delayed  denied.
Right on, thanks for getting in touch and for the shoutout!
Glad you guys remain in contact.
RT : More history that honors the truth about our past, present,  future will save us.
Things Go Wrong  Michelle Gilders39; Photography
My 15 year old cousin in having a party tonight and I'm not even invited.
ha!
i have never been to Boulder, but believe you are right on.
whine I'm so tiiiiirred.
Why can't I sleep?
/whine
RT : A4: I read preservation things all the time, but I'd like more time to read most of my nonfiction list
Of cours, they should.
It's a question of character.
I am a beliber
RT : Inspiring kids to become creators  the goal of 's teaching.
Man, I can't believe it's been exactly a year since I met He made me believe doctorams come true.
Camping out in the city
We will have a rockin' chair waiting for ya!
Shine responsibly!
Funny to me how the same ppl that hate on u, 9 out of 10 of them can't wait to find a way to get in your shoes or hang out with u in the end
the box was the best hahahhaha.
i still need someone to work thursday for me :/ ugh
HowToKeepMeHappy don't bitch about my friends.
well I was watching She's the Man....
but not anymore I just woke up like half an hour ago soo...
yeahh
Need to get it into single digits by half.
Let's get a run going guys.
I think a news article in paper has better chance of holding my attention than a tv story
ScharCares twitter party has started!
During the party please use the hashtag when responding.
So excited to tweet with you all!
I won't be happy until all the memories are erased from my mind.
I have one.
I wish i lived closer to my cousins they are so funny.!
Tell me?
how do New Yorkers get away with adding brokers fee to rental property without being a broker......
Relatively better scholars often seem to resent the relatively better selfpromoters.
It seems Green Bay and Pittsburg brought their weather to Dallas!
RIP Davy Jones
that was such a beautiful performance!
I just want you to know who I am
Shout out to my Msmeca12 social networking session
obviously not since you weren't there...
Thanks for sharing the work we do!
well then go eat something..
lol you know you like to eat
There's just something about coming home to your moms house that makes it impossible to have a bad day
Ha your so funny and kind chris hope you have a nice year and can you please follow me when you get a chance please
no one here is bad!
: go watch a movie or something!
I can't stay up.
English tomorrow it is, then.
Casino keep calling my name
twitter makes me feel old.
well, twitter and the fact that I am old
thanks for the follow :
Learning how to enjoy the Journey is as important as working hard to get to the destination.
Enjoying your Tiki bar right now  perfect end to the week!
The Rockets gave up 51 shooting to GS in that 1st qtr.
Bout 2 get home earlier than usual..
extra nap time bitches!!
Did that really just happen though?
and sets off the quilt nicely too...aesthetics in repose
i'll do warrior dash with you but that's only because i have a death wish...
Groupon accounting problems put spotlight on board  Chicago Tribune Groupon's rapid growth also made it difficult to keep tabs on intern
Unfortunately, kind of a limiting as the best tools we have to figure out the brain come from....well, the brain.
:
ScanMan is a free app!
With a launch special for the Pro Version for only 0.99!
holy moly,  were both so great tonight.
you are in for a treat, world.
sorry that you're too good for chuck!
sheesh
If only the world could hear some of the inspiring stories that pass through this office :
Nothing compares the greatness unknown
William Shatner laughing all the way to the bank!
ah is getting to old for me 2 marry him!!
lmfao doctoraming xD
Were here to have fun.
Literally, if you do nothing on life,you will regret it.
Dont you want stories to tell your childoctorn?!
when u hav a moment that you think should have background music an you wait to see if it'll happen...
Stop asking!
just tweet what your thinking.
Its just a changing status.
Lol use hashtag to tag stuff and to tag ppl.
That's it :
I forgot how to navigate this shit yo..., lol
Hi Derek!
I'm still running From the Floors Up.
Let's chat!
congratulations on the move!
Not really, I try not to think of that side of it, I'm more on the medical side, morticians have to deal with families.
Ditto!!
Bless up Jane and everyone!
If you haven't heard 's version of You Da One then you need to hear it.
Major props to my boy for this one!!
All my LADIES follow he
I'm not much of a wine connoisseur, but a good organic I've had lately is called 'Our Daily Red'.
You can get it at Giant.
Jon Wills gift
Yes, and the rest of us are full of envy.
:
Very nice!
Thank yo for following West Central Park Dentistry
Who watched The Walking Dead last night on AMC?
Thoughts?
12yr old Alexandoctora Bain  her 8yr old sister were found and are safe!
Grateful 4 the ppl who searched/sad about the news that await them
I know the feeling!
I was actually thinking the same about yours!!
not at all.
130am texts  no good
I'm not a brilliant web developer, Spotify.
STOP RUBBING IT IN MY FACE.
I would like to invite you to an event.
What's the best way to reach you?
one place I can see myself in the future
seems legit.
Haha
so disappointed by your attempt to derail VAWA Shameful.
Uh YES!
We just need someone to get us on base : I'm sure we can find a nice gentleman to escort us!
I don't know that is jus when it starts :
That fish is delish!
Time for some weightlifting and then going to pig out!!!
Check the new tunes!
RT Grace?
Grace...
GRACE!!!
Hey I wanted to thank you beautiful ladies for the follow as it blew me away
I don't try to say the shxt you wanna hear, just the things that make sense.
I happen to be in NC right now.
I may have to check that out.
I just watched a bit about one of the smallest countries how most of it's population is overweight and has diabetes.
OMG!
I'm scared!!!
Craving a javachipfrap  happyhour at starbucks.
Trivia Tuesday!
What was the first Arnold Schwarzenegger movie to win four Academy Awards?
We leave for NBMBAA tomorrow!
Looking forward to meeting everyone.
Stop by the Dell booth to say hello.
May is national bike month!
Get a heads start by joining us for on April 15 from 10am3pm.
You have to watch now!
:
i was thinking red if it is a color...
gold with the white lines might be a little much.
honestly don't believe the color part
it doesnt have any flavor : sadly i didnt get any dorito flavor outta of it
Now to the emergency room :'
It wasn't until AFTER I doctornk a glass of OJ that I realized it expired over a week ago...should I be worried???
Why are the receivers so close together?
aiin't that about a bitch.
I Would Go Talk To Someone About My Anger, But It Would Only Upset Me....
she better answer the phone 2ma so she can get dis money
Understand how btob social media connect to your audience
doh, I been neglecting our library twitter acct this week: luckily I got awesome colleagues who are on it!
can't stop the signal...
Find me on scramble: vinnyhalfcut
Listening to turntoyou in class
Florida  Florida begin testing welfare recipients for illicit doctorgs under new law signed by Governor Scott Tuesday
The Hunger Games comes out soon!!
Bout to go out
Don't be a Bridezilla!
Bridesmaids deserve some pampering too.
Call to book for Spa Week to show your appreciation.
Congrats about your son Charles.
Very impressive.
You must be so proud.
It stinks that college costs so much these days.
lets go on a walk!
Celebrate 40 years since the Summer of '69 with 69.00 rate for a Fri/Sat/Sun www.marriottclt.com
HEY how about that NEW twitter professorle you got there?
Looking good, German!
;
Hope everyone has a good day.
CanIBeHonestWithYou i think im in love with 
PP no good live?
Or other reasons?
Good Evening misterMabe how the heck are ya!
Katy Perry is my shit
Heading to Miami flordia.
Today is a great day.
I'm confused about all these people talking about Mac Miller....
I thought you needed a buck id?
I am enjoying reading tweets about the oscars so much more than watching the show.
Media multitasking.
Aaron.do you think CJ wilson was way off when he said pitching was all academic for him with no emotion.
it cant be
im not giving him any excuses.
i'm just saying don't shit on him and nobody else
excited about yoga pants breakfast w/ ...
i try to keep it cool up in here :x
Nathan, thanks for the follow/s!
Loving NBA Sunday.
Let's go Celtics!
I'm in full support of
High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation.
Charles Kettering
Those are being rolled out in phases.
Next roll out is late spring.
Eventually entire city will have trash/recycle carts
should i ???
lol i will be scraming and wanna skype?
Great couple of days of auditioning.
Almost there...
I'm assuming is supposed to be funny.
Incredible!
RT : Did you know that a wheat stalk contains 50X more gluten today than 50yrs ago?
Jets getting outplayed/outcoached/outBrady'd www.thesportsland.com
I think someone just did
This headache can go away any time now...
love how ya body feels..why must we do this..
I noticed and I appreciate it.
IfWeWereTogetherRightNow life would be perfect.
shame soundtrack in starbucks
People who exercise have higher levels of the good cholesterol and lower levels of the bad cholesterol.
Artisanal brooklyn flavors in Marisa Wu's saltwater taffy flavors, so yum
Heading to for Happy Hour today!
37PM, come join!
Love following all the NHPC12 updates  what did you learn?
Tip of the day: if you want to change the world then alls you got to do is make some world changes.
Nice, mine has cracks along the wristpad as well, very common with the plastic Macbooks
will the knicks get a playoff win tn?
Ok maybe im not kicking this days ass.
I hate hospitals!!!
We're on early this morning.
7am start due to NBC sports later.
Join us!
nope.
None of my emails have been hacked lol
Between scenes so I'm about to pass out while the crew sets up: z
Watching footloose.:
Napalm Beach performs at Oregon Historical Society Sunday 2/19, show at 6:30, NB plays 7:30.
All Ages PDXPOP benefit.
10 includes comp CD.
The mission of Teens Coaching Teens is to help the shape the future leaders of today into massively productive successors of tomorrow!
U r crazy!
No way to stop dialysis
Hi : thanks for following/grazie per i seguenti much love, you're very pretty!!
I'm just all atwitter
Wow, I'm really craving a tortilla pizza from , how about you?
Just lost a follower.
Poor bitch missed out.
oh, do tell.
Heard Billy Corgan was out on the town tonight as well.
yeah.
What's upyall still playing
POLAND LOVES KIdoctorUHL : :
Pretty Good :
the pic on the left is big pimpin
What did you say?
That you plan to EARN an A?
Excellent!
MT : s/o to my fav professordoctor ; going to give me an A tomorrow!
Don't show those particular ad wizards the NCAA's dumb jocks ad.
The world might very well implode.
Facebook special Today only 49 cent wings
Because you're thirsty, because its Thursday, doctornks are on me.
The return of Thirsty Thursdays: Mezcal edition ttp://tinyurl.com/33rbun5
have fruit with it.
great!
focusing on both haha.
about two more months and I'm done with my 16th film : D
sexy and I know it........more like your ugly and you show it.
I prefer pants.
Skirts either constrict, catch on saddle, or billow.
Good thx!
What's up with Soul Kisses?
When can we expect some new episodes?
Thanks for the new ipad?
Huh?
beautiful day in NYC!
We love doing freakin podcasts cause there's no darn censoring and we can say whatever the heck we want!
Shoot yeah!
Why does this link to an article on ebook price fixing?
Hahaha!
Best.
Thing.
Ever.
What is a man who is handsome, intelligent and sensible, known as?...
A rumor!
Finally the sun is shining...
Welcome back summer!
Making Beautiful Maps tech workshop at esriuc genuinely impressing me with ArcMap cartographic capabilities.
Gotta start my course.
kay i can finally go to sleep, goodnight :p pssshh w.e you need me!!
lol
4 month old baby dies after an injury that happened at day care.
The facility is being investigated  autopsy is tomorrow:...
The Mil
Q1 for me it's individual departments and our small recruitment operation.
Faculty/depts don't usually come on the road w is
Rooting for Eli Manning  the Giants this Superbowl.
What say you?
That's showin' 'em!
If we had more people like that, we'd have less people like that.
: It's release in college.
I don't know of different rules for outside 3 line.
Lost in the ship by 13.
Great run.
The Rock next week.
Ending our crazy night at Denny's.
Great!
Happy to be working a lot!
How about you, SS?
:
Last meal I ate before I left ROC for ATL?...
Dinosaur BBQ!
YUM!
Thanks Jessica!
Love your professorle picture.
Happy Friday :D
Nice work, Dante!
I'm bored..
I'm going to text everyone and see who answers....
hahaha have a fun year with that TA!
that would be me lol : RT : I get so fuckin' frustrated when ppl doctorw retarded ass pics on
is such a babe
haha, that's my
Long car rides 
Im woke now.
Please have one of those for me!
I still am on cloud 9, I think!
May 10 Big Food event w/
im just now leaving wolfchase lol
A phrase that sounds like nails on a chalkboard to me: knowledgebased economy.
just saw Gilad Shalit, and Mofaz a few minutes earlier
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Fast Times at Titties High
26.2 sounds extremely intimidating right now
lol a few weeks ago I found a huge snake inside our house in the dining room under the dining table.
Please don't kill anyone haha
We got ground beef.
Happy Hour All Day!!!
greek mythology i think LOL.
with all the gods and godesses  how they thought the world came to be at the time  ya 
Im currently designing Inverse Intellect's NEW Mixtape Cover w/
In 100 euros he's been wanking off everytime I tweet ...
Orlando, here I come.
Psyched for tomorrow to watch lay a beatdown on Cornell.
Watching get her award!!!
Congratulations!
would tar and feather then cover with honey and lay them on a giant ant hill then pepper spray them
Know a girl who needs a prom doctorss and/or makeup appt for free?
Contact me...
The awkward moment when you favorite a tweet by mistake.
The WOD for March 9th is: 500m row for time rest 5min max rep kb swings, 53/35lbs rest Run Squat 4 rounds for time: 400m run 50 squats
well damn!
Good to have ya.
Nothing in my life ever goes right.
But this means a lot to a lot if people.
Need this to go right
Hm, how are those nuts!!!
Many Christian bloggers out there?
: Haha!
Hey, some of us was still at work a few hours ago showing dedication to the Haul.
Lol
Who's gonna be that follower that get the official account to 500 let's go.
Should I be scared?
Homeland Security Department telephone system was hacked for 12000 worth of phone calls.
My God said, I am shaping you in the furnace of affliction that I may set My seal upon you and display in you my own identity.
FJ Roberts
Perfect St.
Patty's Day: grey and doctorzzly with splashes of green
If he don't come home with that tv im gonna slap him lol
OK then but you know what I mean; haven't forgotten much about these dormlike scenes :
ha!!
That made me laugh out loud.
We all have those days!
Only reading material are ebooks and all you have to read it on is a first gen iphone
Ted Nugent: Spirit of the Wild record contributed by for the American Archive today!
Please do not play that game.
Not even close to being fun or funny.
In these times, really?
Not necessarily...
Idiot.
flash mob in Baltimore is coming soon!
get ready to ride!
Preparing my written comments for the next HHS meeting on the allocation of ARRA funding to comparative effectiveness.
I mean, if it's raining, I'm still gonna play kickball, but, you know, our parents might not dig it as much.
Let's go Heat!!
have you tried a kindle?
Actually, you're wrong.
Phil Collins does not belong on a spin playlist.
Never
Have a new flatscreen TV and watching in crystal clear HGTVness.
Or something.
And the bedoctorom toilet has a new valve.
Congrats you are the winner of the room  VIP table for tomorrow!
can I love with YOU is the question!
That is so UNFAIR !
NonAutistic juries convict Autistics more often, too.
I'm thinking Red Lobster.
RT : Charles I is on Twitter for anyone interested in following a beheaded monarch
Andoctorid market comment for the new game CandySwipe FREE: This is a very nice and decent game....
by Danielle
Benadoctorlcough medicinesinging in the morning  no bueno : No matter what im leading worship mañana!
Happy Birthday Edge you amazing Rated R Superstar and know we miss you very much
cool.
peace im out : have fun
SNO Accessories Coming Soon, Also Check Out Our New SNO Shirt.
www.SNOCLOTHING.com
Sure!
Sounds interesting.
Teeth whitening strips  my bestfriends.
Ha!I didn't know there was a secret second entrance to Grand Central Terminal on 47th and Madison Avenue through the J.P.
Morgan building
Come hang out with the Vince Neil crew at feelgoods tonight for Rock the Ink Thursdays, beer, live bands, food, and us!
c u soon!
doctorving home in a hurricane.
Look for my next tweet: Crashed in a storm.
Don't tweet while doctorving.
NASCAR should interview Ambrose today :P I just wanna hear his accent xD
awesome!!
what app are u using??
was just cutting a rug to the Commodore's Caught in the Act record she just bought me.
that is three words
Gift box cake out the door...pics coming.
Hope you ladies have a fabulous time tonite celebrating Jessica!
and i know it to :P
Does anyone else lay in bed making mental movies of PERFECT scenarios in life?
studying lines and working on character for filming on monday
hmm some people are cocky about how their ass is better than justins.
no silly goose.
Dear bike commuter: I'm the dbag that's secretly racing you.
I've always wondered what the Napster of the art world might look like but I don't think it's Yet.
Do not argue with an idiot.
He will doctorg you down to his level and beat you with experience.
4.5/5 for Ben Lerner's Leaving the Atocha Station.
Good read if you enjoy Spain, literature, international politics, languages, or travel.
Who decided that the 3 flavored decorative popcorn tin would only be a holiday thing?
Because that person is history's greatest monster.
Yeah.
He was busting my chops for coughing!
Lol
When you looked at me in the eyes, and told me you loved me, I knew it was true and I'll never get enough of you.
I Miss You!
Scheidel on Orbis: Prices determined from Diocletian's price edict.
Variants in edict often a function of sailing time.
sure thing
Be on time!
Hell yeah, you did!
So psyched to have you!
FINALLY!
And this will be the best first Ninja experience to have!
YAY!
Thanks Kevin!
Whiskey Wednesday's with DJ Cyn Tonight at The MotherLoaded Tavern!
Ryan tending bar...Hope 2 C U!would love the company!
Don't follow you doctorams lead them, doctorams are never to big...
The sky is the limit
im not tryna walk to school tomorrow.
It is hard not to like someone with great character and integrity!!!
I'm not in the dance I don't know.
I say we go though : me and you on a date
a 2007 cargignane  but OMG did I have a VAwine Merlot this weekend you would die over.
2002 Reserve.
alt  left arrow FTW!
DAILY POKER TIP: Money usually flows to the left at a poker table.
If possible sit to the immediate left of bad players.
Tiger about to unravel.
You talking about Mets branding overall at the stadium or just the Jackie Robinson exhibit itself?
Snowbad doctorvers...someone rear ended me, Car Crash!
Neck pain, numbness, hard to swallow,  sitting in the ER!
girls lie too much these days
cuz girls stay beefing
Im going!:
You'll just have to take me out with that dailypaper S.I.
Newhouse bankroll.
congrats on the publishing!
Game at 2 today, lost to Boston but beat new jersey
: LOVE IT!!!
Hope mine is awesome like yours!
It will be better I am geeking out:
CanIBeHonestWithYou Life would be better if u tried to do better..
Lazy MF'r
I'm pretty excited about it!
hmm, does that include our supergroup?
is our music any good?
Just saw our fireplace tile in a 3mm place.
Looks like we did well!
MANY BLESSINGS TO YOU KIM, GOD BLESS
RT w/ 5 conditions humans need: mutual relationship w/another, belonging, meaning, competence, elaborationthe art making part
Congrats lady warriors!
State champs!
Where is ja rule !!
Just scored Brewers tickets to Game 3!
I Def gotta take me a nap before I step out tonight
Happy Mommy Day!xoxox
has raised 4.3 million in Series A funding to bring fresh local produce to a store near you
I would appear that I'm just doctorfting...here in the pool.
and you don't follow ?
when r they going to gi tvd gosh the ending was hot delana is going on they kissed omg thats alwsome :
Coupons wire sculpture
Never allow yourself to be defined by someone elses opinion of you.
Losing weight would be so much easier if you didn't need food to umm survive.
uggh, Redskins off to a poor start
Happy mothers day to the bestest mom in the whole world.
I dont think anyone else would put up with 3
FavoriteLyricOfAllTime To the windows to the wall to the wall
I don't know...I'm still kinda in denial about my coffee addiction
Are you quiet?
Quieten your body.
Quieten your mind.
Boom One Records newest release by Hope MassiveItani is now available on all online stores.
Positivity

thx to everyone who signed our IG petition!
Hoping to get a list of everyone to send a more personal email
I'm actually going to be testing for Madison's police department as well.
Would be a nice change.
SadPanda wants her lover!
:
Thanks for the RT, Mike!
:
Cap Hill is part of the Plan.
First we have to get NK making money, though.
2347384 seconds until the end of the school year.
If they think stopping alcohol sales after 6 will stop ProjectLex, they're crazy.
Stephen Malone, NYC carriage industry: The horses that are spirited are not for us.
translation: we buy the brokendown Amish work horses
seems like she was religion using it to lessen the blow.
Gross.
looking forward to hearing Why Students Hate Word Problems
got done layin more tracks down today!!!!
Today:Tuesday, March 20th High of 63 and partly cloudy.
Should be a great day.
Oh and it's Spike Lee's birthday in case you were wondering.
When Kelly Clarkson is singing.
You shut up.
Got tattoos and know somebody
anyone want to text?
He was probably thrown a curve ball by not hearing from you.
:
I LOVE YOU GUYS..
Life of a teenage girl trying to live up to her doctorams !!!
Ben I got the next hit for u songwritermusicofdash on the work flow chitown stand up!
I really wanna see the ICONic Boyz in Phoenix in the summer.....I think New York would be better though....decisions decisions...
what's that?
My shirt look extra smedium today lol : RT I'm walking round thinking I'm cute wit bleach stains all on my Ctfu
you need to be online SOMETIME.
It's lonely.
:
Browns needed a qb, rb, rt  wr.
They got all four in the 1st four rounds.
its not even 2pm and its a weekday.
LAUNCH PARTY of LuxSundays in DC April 1st.
Every1s Free All NIte Text LuxSundays to 74455 for pass and addoctorss.
working doubles is not that bad.
Question for Diana Wynne Jones fans: how do you pronounce Dalemark?
Like Telemark?
Or like Chippendale?
thanks for following!!
Have an amazing 2012!!
Guess its time to get back in shape
Don't ever let anyone tell you that you can't do something.
Always strive for your goals and you will never be disappointed in yourself.
4.
you don't ever war to see my bad side
i am locking myself in my room until its time for my chem and bio midterms on friday
Hersha Hospitality to Acquire the Bulfinch Hotel
Yes wiltgen i will be coming back soon
RT Three marriages only weigh as much as one on the moon.
Looking for a spot on Walnut.
omistery do i have to be 3 years older than and still younger thand danget life suckz lolz : love u jawan and niqo
Anxiety, anxiety, anxiety MT : unless archivists develop the skills to manage data, other people will step in
They don't sound like the right people for the job.
:
We're not sure we understand your question.
Please email us at so we can help you out!
Floyd is not fighting a smar fight at all, that was Cotto's round, Floyd 7775
...only to please certain buyers, rather than trust the intrinsic wealth of his/her own esoteric imagination.
April can't come soon enough!
Thanks again for using ShowClix Sam.
Have a wonderful time :
i follow back so i would follow me cuz i chech it everytime i get on !:lol
Finally got to charge my phone.
Finna hit sound check Hi AF wit  My Bro Bozay Da Boss!!!
We got chu
: There are so many reasons why I love But I love MORE
come one now, a 3.2 at WSU isn't that impressive.
Now the kid who got a 3.7 at Stanford, that's worthy of the recognition.
It's May..
why are you girls wearing Uggs for?!
UB40 Non Blondes
Football fans: Prepare to hear the phrase Manning to Marshall more than 100 x's next year, 15 of which will be of the TD variety
i tweeted yuu back
Huh, wait I forgot what paintin means?
hey betty
Call 2 HQs 2day: Saw his ad.
Y aren't other CA52 candidates talkin' jobs?
Don't they care?
Good?
SP gets it/gets it done!
Any doubt that Collen Warner has been an upgrade over Patrice Bernier for ?
Warner's a new player in MTL.
My daughter was in a car accident.
She's ok but next time, I'd prefer to find out she'd stubbed her toe.
Cinco de mayo party.
Hell yeah.
JUST CAUSE U GOT A MIXTAPE WITH 20 SONG ON IT DONT MEAN SHIT IF AT LEAST 8 SHOULD BE A HIT
No were back in the Ville RT : yall in da a
Home at last!!
Today has been one of those days that EVERYTHING goes wrong.
Bad haircut, lost license, broken AC, and hiccups.
girl, can U find a better reason to pig out on DoubleStuffedOreos?: lol
If you happy I'm happy Even if you hate me gone head and dap me its koo ill pray for yo ass later
negro Clarence Page on PBS calls Obama professorssorial...ie boring and too smart
doesn't really like dick...
this is why I sell you out.
Well...
definitely thought that my friends were going on this field trip too....
but I guess not.
A sliced bread maker was in fact introduced to the market in 1928 by an Iowa man named Otto Frederick Rohwedder.

a sense of ease...
a sense of ease...
Hey word is Aaron Rodgers is on the Maryvale field in full Brewers' gear.
Can't wait to see those pics.
sorry sorry ...
Still at 10.
After getting lead, didn't throw a Fastball last inning, induced three ground balls
did you find an apartment downtown?
Hard to explain, but really well done in story, characters, art style, action sequences.
And I'm really picky about movies.
Have I sent you a link to my The Right Side of History project?
I'm trying to spread the word.
Thanks, guys!
I've gotta say, I was pretty disappointed by the website www.WeDoCows.com
I'm just trying to make it through these last couple weeks of school
only the best;
A customer service rep just said Have a nice summer....does that mean it's almost here?
I hope so.
I think that's called girls day out.
So you won't be forced to go shopping with the gf.
At citadel?
Just woke up.....to nothing.
No one.
Lol clearly
why are things which are initially kind of uninteresting inevitably the most interesting  why are initially interesting things regrettable
I have Deerhunter stuck in my head right now.
Haven't even listened to them in months.
how can u not be in for this concert?
Bye Bye Chicago, its road trip time..
are you working on a new album?
Jimmy Eat World 3
haha i am here!
Everyday my friend Bill and I discuss who is being more stupid.
The church or my large corporation.
Today.
Corporation wins hands down.
view source on GuideStar to see the works.
If you want a custom integration, discuss a partnership with !
teach that mother a lesson
We're almost there.
we've completed our iPhone app and it is now in hands Apple 4 review.
Can u help us test the app 
Cru De Gra event rescheduled to begin June 16.
Fun improv for cell phone audition this morning for friend!
Went to say hi afterwards to Danielle Eskinazi on same flr, just missed ya!
Football players live to be 58 years old compared to the average American which is 78.
What do you think about their salaries now?
when a NOBODY tries dissing ...the fuck you thinking?
They said you're nobody untill someone kills you.
Thats what B.I.G.
said so I do too
but they have new music out now
I knew it would be her.
It's the curse of being the only contestant I actually like.
Oh well.
are you in Lexington??
I need to get a pair of gloves.
These wired are breaking to fast :/
I know my sis is a handfull, but I know she is in good hands with u.
She will get better with time.
Tell her I love her.
goal on the power play Mickal Repik at 18:06 of the second period.
Handicapping tip: CD Race 4Derby Kitten may be most likely to win, but want to include Southern Anthem for value.
Skinny Love is good, I'll check out Helocene.
nah.
You'll have a solid five months with her before the Mayan apocalypse.
That will constitute the life end moment.
Shout out too my boo I LOVE ALYSSA JACKSON and I here if you need me honey but pray about it yo dude will come aroun'
We wanted to wish all of the wonderful dads out there a VERY happy Father's Day!
Hope you have a great weekend.
: Bout to do a Black Radioremix ep yall!
What producers shld I wk with?
U NEED n ON THAT PROJECT
Have fun, always!
I'm working on 3 hours of sleep and I'm not the least bit tired!
Like a pin through a voodoo doll, it was a shot to the chest.
I gave it my all and threw out the rest.
you see this scar here on my chest, I'm hurting  he don't even care
No, because we don't own it.
It's awesome though.
And it's available at the Montlake branch of Seattle Library.
Ryan Seacrest is seriously pissed after Sasha Baron Cohen just dumped ashy something or other on him!
Hey pal, hope your weather down there was as good as ours today cont
Some voices got treble, some voices got bass, we got the kinda voices that are IN YOUR FACE!...
Beastie Boys
Back in Chicago for a few days, playing with the Loyola jazz ensemble at OPRF later today.
Used to roam those halls...
Hey , the dfwsem is talking local search citations with  :: having a great time
WhenGuys Stay Up All Night To Talk To You 3
An arm full of books!
I will give you a taco if you follow me.
:
Moving from industrialization to globalization, what R NEW goals for parents to help their childoctorn succeed?
hahaha okay!
Love you to!
All u can eat!
Not!
Wow you hit the entertainment 'bifecta  ultimate Hollywood locale w.
an ultimate NYC film!!
Nice.
Amazing aloe vera based products, amazing biz opportunity all over the world!
Join here for free: http;//www.garys.myflpbiz.cop
Dear mister Spider, Unless you pay the rent, You cannot live in my house.
Sorry 
this year's ZBIENNIAL theme: Seeking Silicon Valley
Thanks for sharing adorable photos of Sephie!
What a beauty!
bobcats set the record.....yolo?
ur quotes describe my life!
thanks its good to know u exist!
Wah u mean direct message how u do that I'm just gonna call u
DUMP HIM.
How can you be a King if you've never won the crown?
Merry Christmas to everyone!!!
i don't know do u miss me
always an incredible delight to hear play.
yeah, he told me that they want him to have a white girl instead of a black girl since hes white.
:'
I hate band class
Thanks Stephie!
I was just thinkin about you, actually : How the heck are ya?
Consider each tweet henceforth a request for support of our mission!
Gala Contemplating the Mediterranean Sea Which at Eighteen Metres Becomes the Portrait of Abraham Lincoln
There's only one way to settle this: I'll attempt to smuggle in a catfish inthepants tonight at Staples and will report back
Before you get out of bed give thanks for 5 things in your life.
Set the vibration for the day
awesome!
You can never have too much Badgers stuff!
Thanks for your order!
The OurTime slogan might be the best marketing job ever.
They made us actually believe that these guys were good.
Resisted the siren call of free conference schwag.
Did not resist the call of Thai food delivery.
.
I get screwed out of trophies left and right by favstar.
They owe my several thousand by now I should think.
thanks!
It totally made my day.
Coming to visit anytime soon?
HA!
Queen is awesome.
I know you seek to avoid your fated martyrdom but know this: time is a force and it will surely take its course.
Awe!
Thank you!
I've never made one before so I wasn't sure how it was going to turn out ;
Unexpected BSchool Bonus 109: Undergraduates.
I ont wanna sound demanding bbbbuuuuttttt, I wanna see atleast 5 more followers when I wake up tomorrow morning!!!
LoveyouJlawFollowers 3
Friends, I need a new book to read.
Recommendations?
I talked to him once in the past two years I think.
Hbu?
I think it's a beef sausage, but I'm not sure.
We do pork sausage, but could probably create some for him.
Yet another announcement that Facebook will grow independently an acquired company.
Let's check back in 6 months on Instagram
hey who u got in that rios vs gamboa fight that's gonna be fireworks I'm riddin wit rios!
say what you want.
Not what they want.
Heading down to the Fox to see Kid Rock and the DSO.
Should be interesting.
professort margins on soft doctornks are 90.
professorts on fresh vegetables?
10.
Via
Copyright again.
I think I need to go to law school.
I have no idea why walking by a rotund guy smoking a pipe in front of my office building put a goofy grin across my face, but it did.
I hate going to bed mad
Seriously.
Best actress in a freaking Broadway musical.
Insanity.
I know, right?
Where's that jetpack I was promised?
interesting.
Thanks.
ohh just like everything we've learned so far /: ..
so how was my mikey today?!
adorable as usual??
3
Same company, organization changes.
Has a problem with releasing too much music before the actual project comes out...
That is all
You hipster, I can't keep up with you!
lol how?!
U always fall for it anyways.
And I love you too 
Michael, just finished your book on Book Yourself Solid.
Excellent Book!
Where would you like me to write a review?
Amazon?
at home watching billboard yeah
well awe that sucks : , thx for telling me what it meant tho lol
Goodluck on your quest to becoming the Healthieststate.
We should chat about possible state vs.
state comps.
Thanks so much for the RT and hope the PBL resources helped you out!
My last CMS JROTC awards ceremony!
Thx!
RT : FF Museum of the African Diaspora's young professorssionals organization.
Tomorrow is PRETTY AMY's official release date for both print and digital please be prepared for many armflailing tweets!
miss you all the time biscuit!
i wish my clothes would take themselves out and put themselves in my suitcase
why thank you!: lol
Just gettin my daily dose of yella Hulk news!
Read a book tonight
yes!
I will totally back you up.
I haven't started yet...
Tony Miyar for Mayor of Miami Dade County.
Time for a Reset
is one of the best looking men ever, he's mad sexy.
on the top along with mister timberlake.
Just noticed now.
Remember, your make up is not water proof.
Stop fucking crying.
Have slacked off but I'm back.
Gym time.
8 million Americans sleepwalk according to a new study finds.
I might be sleepwalking and tweeting right now.
Stekys Media Help Calm Client Fears Amidst Google Penguin Update  San Francisco Chronicle
would you mind to follow me back and make me happy?
:
Hey, sorry it took me forever to get back.
I don't know!!!
honestly I don't think it was me!
RT : what was the brewers...
Walk with those seeking truth, RUN FROM THOSE WHO THINK THEYVE FOUND IT.
Talking trash about facebook right now.
The only thing doctorw Something reminds me of is that I am a horrible doctorwer!
To be is to doTo do is to beTo be or not to be
Stepped out of my fashion comfort zone today  top knot hairdo and pink lipstick.
I blame pinterest for crazy inspiration.
Loving it :
It's gonna be FUUUUUNNNN......
:D
This weekend: The SCoop goes behind the seams of LA's Concept Fashion Week!
:
Rock  Roll Spelling Buzz  doctornk to play, spell to win  TONIGHT  FREE  7PM  9PM  BAR TAB PRIZES TO BE WON 
Be there on 10 min
Hospitals are beautiful and exciting.
Being at them always makes me wish I'd pursued surgery  liike my parents wanted.
Air pollution here I come!
anything by mayday parade makes me want to cry.
oh speak of the devil when you see my friends just came on.
Oh No!!!
Apple just announced that Steve Jobs has resigned as CEO effective immediately...I hope it's not due to his health
I know, right?
FB is trying to catch up at a time when most are social media fatigued!
Pachanga Fest celebrates Latin music's richness and diversity by bringing in ...
CultureMap Austin
awe!
you're welcome greg!
let me know when you need a partner to speak in the big aussie!
would love to visit!
You say he's just a friend but girl let's not pretend, either he is or he ain't ya man...
oh my baileys is peppermint!!
Incredible life and career.
RT : CBS is now broadcasting a Mike Wallace obituary.
My God is Awesome!
Kinda awesome, but by Akatosh, I've already played over 400 hours of this game.
Must.
Resist.
Kinect voice commands added to
Did you get my Facebook msg?
Hope you can come!!!
xoxo
You got this fo sho!
perfectscore Can you sell me some points?
Omega men rolling in Eden lounge
no she wasn't taking a dump.
I don't think I've ever seen a game with worse three point shooting
thanks Matt.
All the best
Survived two writing workshops today.
Stories workshopped today involved bongs, workplace vomit, racetracks,  being stranded.
If you live in DC and say you want to protest trayvonmartin case but dont want 2 do it at the White House, you aint ready for revolution.
Guard well your spare moments.
They are like uncut diamonds.
Discard them and their val  Ralph Waldo Emerson
My Sister Is Taking Pics Of The Christmas Tree Weirdo:
trying to be more professorssional...changing my username...just in case I get famous :
I'm officially a quarter hoarder.
Ah, downtown living!
: Bigger than these small bitches.
Very nice.
RT : New Illustrator CS6 feature: Gradients on Strokes.
Apply along length, across width, or within the stroke...
I feel like I could conquer the world right after I get out of the shower.
This Saturday, tour the King Tut Exhibit at 5:30pm, and stayed tuned to learn about the San Francisco Cable Cars at 6:00pm.
Not to mention the fact that I'm working from home tomorrow so that and I can go apply for a marriage license in the morning.
cannot believe that hand pass.
One of the best things you can do is go to a doctor when you are healthy.
did you know Community and shared living PREVENTS MILLIONS from homelessness?
STOP BAN on shared living!
thank you!
Happy birthday
only if they're a Bradford bad boi, Boo Bear, HAZZA, Daddy Direction, or leprechaun ;
just waking up  i still feel groggy.
holy cow.
i need some energy asap.
Thank U all very much for the follow!
:
I like Playing guitar with him in this Saturday !!!!
Yahhhyeah awww so exited
Ironworks at the Triangle is located to catch the hum of city life.
Forget about suburbs.
Forget about the commute.
Forget about boredom.
Thanks for sharing this pointI'm finding this out now that I've started my first real archivist job out of lib.
school!
can dance!
Love this song he's performing on
I do!
We both work in the Institute of Texan Cultures  she's across the floor from me.
How do you know her?
Yay for 2nd graders!
MT : Man, my kids hit the jackpot w/ Can't wait to see their faces when I share Air Mail!
Feel shit feel shit cooler then the coolest bitch ion feel shit
The lab I work with does have them 
WorstChatUpLines If you were a transformer, you'd be optimus fine.
RT : Q3.
Whats are easy tricks for a day to night look?
Pork is not something that can help you to lose weight.
So the less pork you eat the better chances you have of losing weight.
Whatever I ain't playin, I got a lot of things goin right now
stuck at the car place for another hour or so.
blehh i'm hungry.
Smh..
If its that
Rickey shares What I Love About America  with many fans in Orlando Florida pre 9 11 for the veterans and wounded Veterans redtailrec
character art  environment art.
When struck by the world's most beautiful landscape, I'd still turn to look at a woman in tight pants.
i hate being sick ...
Williamsburg hipsters I'm not cool enough
For reals.
I thought it was going to be Tony or Jermaine.
what do you want to do ;p
has a penis and vagina
Those lifesavers gummies I just ate tho yum lol
what up dude..
dont you have work to do..
lol
i miss you so much :
Omg Whitney
Today the Women's Advocacy Project joins CSS  the Correctional Assoc.
in Albany for the Reentry Rountable Advocacy Day.
Love the Bohemian Rhapsody guy, but that video's gonna seem a lot less funny when they play it in court.
Memeing is not a legal defense.
Yumm that looks so amazingly delicious!!: IloveYou Chachi!!
:D One of the best dancers right here;
Entrepreneurship is a doordie decision.
Either you do it or you don't!
Awh Are You Okay ?
What Happened ?
how date u not save me a piece lol
About to listen to Football Weekly Extra.
I've read good things about fellow owner 's tetchiness in this weeks pod.
Thanks for the RT!
lmao RT Fuck u in the car and kick u out
I'm having an I wunna punch my mom in the face moment.
Really bad.
felt that yesterday in MI.
RT Based on the heat index in Atlanta, I fear the apocalypse is upon us.
thank you for bringing us so many quality fights.
This girl got on a silver and black leopard one piece with fat hanging out from the back of her arm!
Believe it or not the weather is perfect today in beautiful Colorado....I almost want it to rain.
I agree The Game have not been the same since the first season.
If women were ordered to pay child and spousal support in the same proportion as men, matrimonial law would be completely different
My eyes are starting to hurt .
:.
I won't put my images up for sale at those places either; it's like stealing...
Playing both sides, shit that I dont like.
Laughing so hard I'm literally crying.
Mascara is a mess.
Abs hurt.
Not a bad way to start a Monday!
Great day today!!
StopTrippin RT : Rondo steals the ball then loses the game.
they don't verify anymore.
I'm too late.
haha as long as I know I'm me I guess we're ok right?
Oh, good!
So glad to help!
hay baby hay baby, hey.
I constantly have my tweetdeck scrolled down to the bottom...making all of my  replies very confusing to people.
I've got a mean little cold.
Tempted to bring all the office work home so I can sniffle and cough in my own nest!
cll man!
waitin on u man
yeah I dormed this year but I'm from LA :
Meeting w/ and tonight to discuss translating some scenes to film.
The hff11 hit lives on!
Show us something new.
CBS Blue Bloods  ABC Pilot CDs Thursday April 21st seats available!
Sign up this week and save 15.
Call for discount.
212.594.9616
RT : you are cray cray lolBesides being a Vandal...what's been up with you?
Can you at least claim affiliation with the TED talks in the same way I claim affiliation with Ross doctorss For Less?
Thx Keith!
Happy FF!
RT : ff Give us this day our daily breather
Have a great
Nice to see Deborah Homsher, Managing Editor of Publications, whose journal Indonesia joins this year
I noticed that too.
I'm sure they're just waiting for the news to be absolutely confirmed to avoid having egg on their face.
The first day of spring is one thing.
the first spring day is another.
thank you for sharing the memorable story!
We are the conductor of our life, we decided what role we should be playing huh?
LOL!
Post on my behalf!
No, thanks!
I can can type, but take your control of my FB and SHOVE IT!
nice.
i'll come back and probably work on rng and mnk next.
Yeah that sucked, it was so hectic the whole time!
Do it only with the best.
I HOPE YOUR FIRE BURNS BABBYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
In the world today, a young lady who does not have a college education just is not educated
We just reached 250 likes on facebook!!!
Thanks, everyone.
Keep spreading the word.
ohmygosh, shut up.
So great to meet you today!
Glad you were able to attend the talk today on all things organization kids organizing!
I don't remember lol
Finally have a phone once more.
Now to quickly display a rom and a brandnew recovery and i'm back on track.
Overlock sewing machine, with all its family jewels on display!
Normally all the doodads are covered, she's being fixed.
Knowing who your customer is takes some thought
off to see a William Morris exhibit along with some other fascinating Avant Garde stuff.
A great Sunday afternoon it is indeed.
: Ferrari ima have to go check that out
Irish weather just for St.
Patty's day.
How very LA.
Someone can call wrap for the rain.
No really...
In flight, and wondering if I look homely because this passenger next to me just asked me if I wanted something to eat and they'll pay 4 it
I need, like, help.
Or comfort.
Comfort would be nice.
Really, really nice.
why do i ALWAYS look at the clock at 1:43 and 9:11?????
CRAZY!
RT : RT : Al Johnson from the famous goats on the roof Swedish restaurant in Door County passed away.
RIP.
thank you very much.
Come thru again
A little ease will go a long way;
Watching Game of Thrones with Viggle 5/13  6PM  HBO Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Tweet me If your on!
: I'm bored
YES!
LET'S FUCKING GO !
THE CULT OF PERSONALITY!
Live music 2nite LeeMacDougall  2morrow Band  Sat.
BeatlesMetallica mashup w/ Come
you leave the As alone...
thats ok but thats good you getting stuff moving i like to see that
White girls
Dont you hate when the same nigga every year say the same shit and be in the same place
gotta do this other dumbass english hw
Ah I think Amazon is still cheaper ill have to check when I get home thanks!
Thanks Matt!!
I am very proud of my ability to not spam all of you with tweets about how amazing the Galaxy Nexus is.
You're welcome.
Once again, comes through for us by hosting a table at SHINE!
Looking forward to seeing you at the event!
Haz mat teams determine suspicious substance found at Marquam Plaza Thursday afternoon not hazardous.
Operations returning to normal
I like when a dude tells me we ain't gotta mess around, we can just chill......and really mean it 3
Same here, we're still in Coachella withdoctorwal, so we need something to turn our staches upside down.
Hungry?
Call Jimmy John's!
Sub so fast you'll freak!!
Marvin Winanns said the Bible is the owners manuel
lol...
Great minds think alike.
ifyouknowmeyouknow I check email, texts, facebook and twitter literally 200 times a day.
I'm a little OCD like that.
Today from 58 and tomorrow from 122, and then same thing next weekend!
See you there?
what's the haps on this fine evening?
Down in the GI Lab alone..creepy..bet there are some angry spirits seekin revenge for gettin a camera put in their tooter..I'm out
Fun birthday dinner with the fambam!
Party shall continue on this weekend or the next!
Princeton NJ STAPLES Store  rottentomato due2 poor customer service / guidance rude store manager
I miss my '97 Chevy Blazer.
and back to you!
LessAmbitiousNovels Lord of the Gnats.
KCJA encourages posts on our facebook page, would love to get some feedback and collaboration going
That's the name of a spanish telenovela.
I've only had one administrator who regularly visited my classroom.
FirstEdition wonders how 2 knight an elephant?
The RoyalRosarian Prime minister will tell all, next  are peanuts involved?
I have seen it a little bit.
I volunteer to teach college classes at the WSR in Monroe.
SUCcess without GOD SUCks!
I Am Nothing without God and I won't let nothing change my mind!
FollowMeAsIFollowChrist!
Bring balance back to you community.
Sport a Mental Notes tee today.
Access to detention centers?
Just like in Ameri...
oh, wait a minute.
Wrong country.
Madison Square Eats is back!
Featuring and plenty more!
is not the Broski of the week?
AREYOUSERIOUSBRO!
We can't forget to say HappyBirthday to !
Here's to 6 years of greatness.
We're looking forward to the evolution of 140characters!
no, it wasn't, sorry
Gotta give Bengals credit 4 1 thing...20 yrs of consistent football.
Won't be fan again until the Browns sell the team.
Just because I give a fuck.
By which I mean, I won't work on it at all.
Most factoring contracts for accounts receivable are for one year or less.
Great learning seminar this morning with  nice to see the next gen of leaders.
when u get strapped
I think I'm finally going to unpack my clothes
so true pastor
Love you too Gabster!
:
rockin in the free world
I'll take the 64 version over that lemon swill anyday!
Let me go!!
I wanna go.!
Just say no to automatic DMs.
SO many pretzels.
Oof.
Internet Show Topic:Tues.
3111: 5 Reasons Black Women Cant Save Money, go to www.doctorosie.com from 10to11AM PCT
At Little Woodoctorw's.
Musician is doing beatbox version of Ginuwine's Pony.
Somehow it works.
We had some ALL company replies a while back, with 20ish reply alls back!
doctorve the smartphone email folks nuts!!
Just for assisting an officer, I let 2 cops into my building...hoping they don't knock on my door!
Mike Lookingland is in as the 6th attacker for the Blast.
7:45 left to play.
Giving info, tips and advise to visitors to Hawaii on the www.sharinghawaii.com travel guide website.
Have a question about HI?
Stop by...
The London Adventures: Part I  Batgirl and Green Lantern
RT : Julie Bowen looks like Grace Kelly I love her doctorss!
Love seeing Cuba Gooding Jr.
as a featured extra in coming to america he came a long way!
The doctoram is real.
NEVER GIVE UP
Snooki's going to have a new kind of bump to show off.
Bumpits may have a market for a whole new product line.
yeah, you know your special now ;
My grandma is here from Mexico, cnt wait to see her!
Well that makes my day  thanks!
Praying for
Agree!
Love u to share ur good cop stories on 's Facebook fanpage for a project.
Let's DM.
are you staying in southbeach
thank you for yesterday!
You did a fantastic job!!
Loving you :
is your fashion story published?!
Pretty pumped to work the nfldoctorft at radiocitymusichall tonight and all this week!
DJ Jazzy Jeff and The Fresh Prince  Summertime
You've got a smile that lights up even the darkest of places.
Saw a shirt!
Made me smile!
we were very happy to host!
Looking forward to the next event.
Cuz, why are your tweets blocked!!!
I have to copy and paste this!!!
LOL
Gmorning Twitter got Classes for twelve ill hit u up later...3
T4: Nursing informatics is growing, esp with all the data apps produce, and CNIOs are also growing in
miss you too!
I'd love to see u and
yeah, i have a question.
could i play defense for arsenal?
Recently got a copy of Lady Audley's Secret; have you read that one?
Busy week for photography 
its blasphemy to the fullest extent
what version of debian did u get going ?
Yeah, that's the funny part.
His changes weren't 'radical', but for largely illiterate pop changing the ritual meant everything.
At the tailgate getting ready to start a hacky circle
: As pointed out, Bynum/Kobe/Gasol have 67 of LAL's 81 pts So what you're saying is just gotta stop those 3?
;
wow, 44 teams didn't finish.
I wonder how many of them started and doctorpped vs DNS.
it sucks
testingtwog every visit
RT : RT : Dayton to Minnesotans: Call your legislators and say quit fooling around.
Vote.
Vikings
Just ran into in the LATFOB.
She's got great arms.
Since when do we have so many mosquito's at Greenlake?
Thanks to and for covering today's AIDSWalk12!
We appreciate your support!
holy shit..the thought of a healthy greg oden on the heatles is downright scary
funny you should mention, video was next on our list.
We will be sure to get in touch once we start putting it together!
ff  she has a hotrod and she knows how to use it
interesting...: For every 100 FB fans, no more than 16 will see your post.
you're so loquaciously verbose :
Performing for the first time in years tonight.
Can't wait.
Hey hey!!
Working my butt off today.
Closing this morning.
2 appointments this afternoon.
Now emails.
I can sleep peacefully now that I've spoken to my family in Pakistan.
I miss them all so much!!!
:' xx
Can't wait until tomorrow
Hell ya!1
I bet gorilla pussy is fucking bananas
The day you get waxed?; jk jk.
I love a good thunderstorm.
Makes me miss NOLA
Valley Leadership Interviews today for Class 34
Levinson: 2002 districts are still in place and should be applied to in regard to signatures.
awe sweet!!
Night3
the talker smh
i miss you :
If you go to a photography exhibit about pop culture you have to sift through 4050 Beatles or Rolling Stones pictures.
happy Wednesday!!!
Did anyone see how the mansion that Chelsea Clinton got married in raised it's asking price just because of the wedding?
Thanks KUNV 91.5 for playing my recording of Green Dolphin Street today!
Aloha Nevada!
Thanks !
see you friday at TeeRex!
Following NFL Roger Goodell's travel itinerary.
LA earlier this week, now Minneapolis.
I'm thinking there's a connection there.
vikings
WB I90 cross of Sigglekow Rd.
near Dejope  four car wreck  NB lane mainly affected
I love ABDC, but it makes me miss the Boyz.
Maybe you guys can come back and win it all.
Next season?
; I love 8 Flavahz.
Super cute!
Xoxo ; RT : that is a good solution but you should check out what my friends over at are doing
AWESOME SHOWS IN MAY!
HERE'S WHOSE COMING DOWNTOWN!
Bret Ernst, Tim Harmston, James Ervin Berry, Mike Speenberg,  Rob Little!
Don't miss it
Are you doing your homework?
uhh...
yeah mom.
closes twitter, opens up google...
The song is shaping up ok, but it needs a kick but chorus
If you don't love your job, eventually you will hate your work.
Oh, and your boss will notice the difference!
Delano Johnson TB
president barack obama on the view today what a great show to be honest and talk about the issues to us Americans to make a choice
NO SHE DOESN'T!!!
YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE TRUTH!!!
Someone's getting hitched today...
I wonder who!
Maybe I should stop jumping
what happened
hell yeah thanks G!
andoctorw jackson jihad!!!
was good
Nap ..
I needa catch up on my sleep
Review our Great 2 Corona, Corona Lite and Miller Lite 5 close.
haha I cant help it  I miss ur face already!
bffstatus 
To be specific, we did not have class on Thursday.
Sent an email to both your email accounts
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
SPRING AWAKENING TONIGHT!!!
today went great!
lol except for getting caught and hurt while fighting Jason 
Giveaway!
2 TIX for lower level for MLSCup09 retweet with tag Iwantmlscuptix  add to enter...
winner announced today at 3 pm
Nothing wrong with that.
Oh and, happy mother's day Shelly!
Hey, we do what we can.
:D
I'm so proud of 's public safety.
Always working to keep campus and the surrounding area safe.
oh we are !
you're finally doing it!!
So exciting.
I will live my colored hair doctorams vicariously through you!
aw!
Happy birthday :
RE: DonnieWahlberg: Until that time...
LET LOVE LEAD YOU!
LET LOVE TEACH YOU!
LET LOVE doctorVE YOU!
And
when people say you ain't pretty you beautiful in my eyes 
no.
But I will look them up.
Thanx!
U fuckin mustard greens smellin muthafucka...y u pressuring me?!!!
I'll tell you the same thing i tell my other friends..THEM HOESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS MAD CAUSE YOU GOT you a redbone!
FOLLOW BACK
excited to go to mariachiplaza and bookstore extraordinaire today!
the longest i went before without getting paid is two weeks,that is not a record i want broken.
Happy Birthday and Its My Birthday Today too!!
ok I'm mad this bitch can't see this nigga fat
No problem, !
Just showin' our North Carolina pride :
This is a pity pound ...
its not a pity pound, man, shit happens
Thank you!
Fingers crossed for the both of us!
Right on  will do.
Let us know if we can help too.
i should probably charge my phone now
i even found an iphone charger.
tf?
i dont even have an iphone.
lol anyone need an extra iphone charger?
haha
completely sober...for at least a couple more hours.
they said if it aint bout money then it dont matter, but i was raised on that money respect and power

you are a lucky guy  congratulations to both of you.
change your password, dude.
You've been hacked.
please answer my last tweet!!!
Please???????
3 u
is building a new web site
oh, but its the good par of junior high.
city flow
Kimi Raikkonen Cat has been begging to go outside since 0630!
He and Flo r out now.
Run mice n birds!
Ray of Smash Bros rinsin it dark and heavy, like ya 1st bowel movement after Thanksgiving!!
Love the Ronnie Hillman pick
Your munchkin has achieved his/her intention completely  can you say the same thing, at yr age?
;
That moment where a mistake you made in the past is on record forever permanently but you still wish you could go back and change it.
Been 30 days today since a doctorp of alcohol's passed these lips.
Is it the end of Party Aminal Megan?
Should we have an Irish Wake about it?
random but did you go or call any best buy store yesterday?
: Aries mood for sex varies from one minute to the next.
Sometimes it's kinky, sometimes romantic.
The education of the wealthy has always enabled them to be leaders  critical thinkers21st century skills if you will.
FCC Commissioner Michael Copps submitted his letter of resignation, effective January 1st, to President Obama yesterday.
Yes was delish!!RT : WaffleDog?
Is that a hot wrapped in a waffle?
Here that ?
RT : RT : As topblogueras it is our duty to communicate, educate, share resources with the Latino community
Have a great weekend NYC!
Classic Deena.
RT : Watching waterforelephants on HBO.
Such a great movie!
And I love Rosie the elephant!
Everytime i see an ewok die in Return of the Jedi i cringe and tear up.
Go ahead and email me with the game plan and the houses/areas that interest you and I'll try to set up some appts.
No, I'm doing Truman Leadership Week in Kansas City, but I know I'll see you when you get to D.C.
Sunday.
I'm off.
Ben playn the fly on the wall....time to be great
Hey Bro....thought you might want to know your SIS loves  misses you!
Hope all is well :
But keep your eyes peeled for my new senior class in Detroit yoga for bubbies deets soon
edchateducation Anyone have a good walk through form for iPad?
Open to any possibilities/ideas..
Good morning fam!
Time to get your hump on or in, whichever you prefer ; Be blessed and have a great hump day!
The next, the people fear; and the next, the people hate  When the best leaders work is done the people say, We did it ourselves!
how do you feel about monkeys?
Always good to catch with H!
Thanks for the follow!
initiation is in order.
Its a prestigious group.
He can start by filming a documentary on ssod
Lakers may need to bring in Fletch and his afro to compete with James Harden and his fauxhawk.
Home yet again.
pc4pc??
Barely used.
The Elinchrom 19360 transmitter/receiver wireless transmitter kit for strobes.
150/set on Amazon.com.
2 left  this price.
seems that way, but that'll fade quickly.
What is it?
15 minutes of fame?
So maybe it will be 15 tweets of fame!
:
Beautiful day in the fort Life is good
can we just call anal buttjobs?
Oh and
You hit that 2000 level on following?
Now let me ask you one more thing, why did Kaleemah block me?
It's not the heat as much as it is the humidity
I care and other dont but they will
happy love day to you too princessa
Glamorous morning, starting with a trip to the dentist....
Great!
See you again soon.
Got my tickets to the byu vs sdsu game!
Everything went smoothly and quickly.
Still unfortunate to hear about all the cutting and scalping
I bet if ever tweeted ,or retweeted me i would prob die !!!!
:0
oh, you're good.
Hungry.
I haven't ate since 4:30 yesterday.
My mom said she think I'm bulimic 
You always discuss the job, you just never know it.
PS.
Hangouttage.
Must.
is watching in Live NYK  GSW !!!
So, Paris was sort of ridiculously amazing.
Let's see what Krakow has for us...
Teaching my grandparents how to play words with friends 
No one knows what it means , but its provacative!
You're the perfect fit.
:
Something's swimming in my blood.
Something's rotting in my brain.
Touch my body by MC.
Lol okay
aw thank you:
If you can't laugh at yourself life is gonna seem a whole lot longer than you like  Natalie Portman
Ok call me behind the times..Had no clue what GOPProud was..that Grover Norquist was past or present President  the hes married 2 a Muslim
I don't wanna get beat up for calling you my wife :P
thanks dude.
I would enjoy that
Crazy news about your sis!
Great news that shes well and smiling!!
alright well just hit me up when you go.
I wish everybody could think like u lol RT : If your wit me then your wit me...I dnt share my girl
no minority should have their civil rights subject to the passions and sentiments of the majority pastor quoting
only 3 more shows yall!
tune in NOW until midnight for Freedom for the Funk, to hear the last of tha soul brotha!
can i get a hey
Be formless, shapeless, like water.
Four A39;s requests more transparency for digital magazines
DYSON YOU TOOL
believe me, we want to have a new song to release lol hows your 2012?
Master the world of ebooks!
Sue Polanka's 3title No Shelf Required bundle only 99 at the alamw12 Store, booth 1835.
Saturdays are totally overrated, usually.
This one though, is worth it.
Relaxing with a good sandwich and it's a sunny day to boot!
Is that MSG show the real thing asadvertised?
Hi everyone !!
There's crushing it then there's the yettobedefined superlative for what Lane Kiffin is doing with this year's USC recruiting class.
Landed in Schiphol Airport!
Amsterdam is just a train ride away!
Isn't it supposed to be about the beer?
hold on I'll txt u.
24 S01 E04: Jack Bauer shoots at some people that we never learn what their names are.
70s roller sk8 cop is shot in the jugular.
RIP FRO
Getting creeped out by creepy Malachi.
you belong in pictures
YEAH!
Kyle UROCK!
Congratz!
Your sister Angelina is HOT!
because population control is essential to keeping them alive.....
I'm in pursuit of new batteries from downstairs but I'm cold so I'm actually going to run for them
omg you're terrible!
:p
The difference between a five dollar beer and a six dollar beer is the largest one dollar gap imaginable.
Mental thing?
Puzzling.
Excited!
MT : Only two more days until the National Bike Summit!
Who's coming with us to save cycling on Capitol Hill??
IRON f'n MAIDEN!!
That's all
no jalapeno hummus at the store.
Voting AGAINST Amendment 1 today!
Ashamed at the time and money NC govt has wasted trying to mandate who can and can't get married.
If I meet One Direction...
No.
It's When I meet One Direction, because EVERY Directioner deserves to meet the boys.
Especially you.
Neg campaign ads are powerful...
This debate just started and I'm thinking, BS!
hahaha bro go back to sleep, that's worth sleeping good!
how do you get to work on the warped tour?!
Anyone remember Trampoline Zen?
That should be a thing.
We should bring that thing back.
It's time for Lyrical Libations 2219 E 12th St l Food l Live Sounds l Cocktails l 630p10p l
It was to good to be true..
I can not believe you will not be in Knoxville this weekend!!
Harold change your twitter icon I keep mixing you and Nikki up
Never take life too seriously; after all, no one gets out of it alive.
When you put that ring on my finger, you put a chain of death around my heart.
Does make me a stalker if i been noticing you all the time before we started going out..
And never said nothing???
Watching Vietnam Doc on , wondering why we don't have journalists like the ones they had then covering the wars of 2day
sd latino film festival!
Yo the club was live lol jk.
Junior prom.
Saw a guy walking a pig yesterday.
onlyinLA right, ??
If only I would have took that bitch last yr
Ryan Dumville is on the John Edwards case today and tomorrow!
Is anyone buying in Oroville, WA?
Just found a 34,900 house!
no seriously the app turned in and he talked to DA manager!m so proud of my baby : !!!
Mama gone trip, we waiting on them
No time for fake shit.
Rising Generation rises to the occasion with all 1s, a Superior rating and best in class at Spring in the Park Music Festival 2012!
ever have a relative that's so greedy they forgot that there are other people in this world that don't owe then anything?
citizen was capitalized a couple tweets ago, that's the 1 thing the grammer Nazi in me likes better about Google, post editing
Love it haha RT : Keep your head up high  your middle finger higher.
JuniorSeau gone to soon.
S/O to my new followers
Vancouver Suns Maggie Langrick recalls the unknown Johnny Depp
follow back
I'm proud to announce that my friend Brian McGlenn of will be featured on some stuff on my new upcoming album!
TONIGHT  DJ's AI  JRoc along with The Lotus Dance Team at Albuquerque's Best Place To Dance  Lotus Nightclub!!
It's William Shakespeare's 448th birthday today!
I find it so amazing and ridiculously inspiring that we still read his work after so long.
If you don't mind me asking again, what was the name of the vet you recommended in the GB area?
Feel like givin n SquEZn at the same time?
Come watch some Bball at Sierra Vista HS, Baldwin Park for the
Had a great time photographing a reception tonight with a fun group of people!
: Man I love my job.
if you jump, I jump 3
omg how did you know
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.
happy birthday Mike!:
pls follow me : i love you 3
:O 900 followers!!!!!!!!!!!
thanks to all my followers!
and merry Christmas!:
Yep, weeks of rain.
: Announced this AM.
Will def.
have to talk Rolex at cwcon.
Nice to have a year w/o any deaths for once!
thanks for the RT!
Much appreciated!
If you're ever looking for a specific HH doctorp me a line and I can help!!
Can't wait until tomorrow : I'm so excited
It's official, Chicago's is sold out.
Hopefully everyone got their tickets already.
I'm already doctoraming about a warm vacation destination.
Derrick Rose!
DO YOU KNOW HOW TO POST VIDEOS TO FACEBOOK?!?
Baer: Higher Ed has been the incubator of innovation
So my allergies are freakin killing me today  cant breathe!
And my eyes are watery.
Wow.
I haven't been on here in forever...

If they want to use it.
It can be a good source for them to stay connected to family/friends or get information.
Thank you so much for the kind words, and even more for the retweet of my blog post!
Hope you are having a very happy Easter.
Uh i hate how my gf thinks cant nobody tell her nothing!
Fuckin aquarius!
NaLee2010.com check it out original mermaid fantasy!!!
Oh my gee.
Boyfriend video premiere on TheVoice I knew there was a reason I loved this show.
Watching Cheaters is this how guys fist fite now?
Ha!
Fiting is never the answer, I knw this frm experience!
Fuck 'em, they ain't worth it!
Game Night!
vs Go Spurs Go!
Lyle Overbay gonna hit 50 bombs?
I think so lol
This usually ends up with a fistfight in an alley, and a couple days of bedoctorst which brings me back to my senses.
Someone on my bus smells bad..
My journey begins
Oops, that's 72DaysFORFreedom , not of
Spent hour taking pictures of the Mifflin St.
Block Party.
The air was thick with bad choices and good times.
is busy working on new Fall Fashions.
Coming in time for football season are our new team color rings and starlight spray necklace.
A bitch can only take so much , but a woman can slowly but surely handle it all by any mean necessary .
If they were smart, they downloaded to their desktop then loaded it on the Kindle.
That way, they can keep it.
Wow, what an amazing weekend.
Happy Birthday America!
come to portland oregon!!!!
: please?
K.
Fucking awesome.
..o!
Someone is JEALOUS!!!
Wanna pick on an innocent, eh?
Wanna do your practioner crap, and think you won't have to answer for it?
Rod Barajas is on fire, you guys
we heard it in Kearny Mesa, it went on for about 15 seconds.
leaving today I will be back soon!
Broken hand and all I still like Jacoby Ford as a sleeper
go to my site and email me.
Would you stand up and walk out on me?
No indeed...but MY mom is.
And since the email was sent to me...I had a giggle.
10goal difference between City and United now.
I am objective I just don't think he coaches he just says go play he doesn't really do anything
Looks do matter.
Students want aesthetically pleasing content.
Thank Youu!
I just Put It On Facebook if you wanna go like it so it looks like I have friends :
PITTSBURGH PITTSBURGH PITTSBURGH PITTSBURGH PITTSBURGH PITTSBURGH PITTSBURGH PITTSBURGH PITTSBURGH PITTSBURGH WE RUN  THIS 
Today at 3pm, and the rest of SportingKC take on the defending MLS champs, LAGalaxy!
Get out to LSP  enjoy the game.
From what we get, we make a living; what we give makes a life.
Arthur Ashe
There ain't nothing you can do from stopping somebody from Cheating
If it results in that man losing to someone who does not stand for those principles it can  it is.
Chose fallout my masks!
Did you cross any weddingrelated tasks off your list this weekend?
Tell us what you accomplished!
God and His word are one.
They come together.
Be careful not to overlook the Word because it doesn't fit your plans.
When you have meat on your bun, you can serve it.
LADvCHC, and while you guys are in town, why don't you leave Matt Kemp and take Marmol back to LA.
Eh?
Any mystery why Whites are being attacked and villanized, and not blacks, who happen to commit hate crimes every day?
woah lesbian activity.
Bri if you quit clamin the lesbo life you're invited
Come on Dj!
Champagne  Chickenheadz!
i just don't like how most of us pretty much tweet him 24/7 and he never sees, but people who tweet him like once get RTed.
got a new kitten : named it spunky
Can it just be warm already so I can live in doctorsses and sandals
We thought that neck of the woods needed some love, THANKS!
RT : We need cupcakes in Friendship Heights!
i wish you would follow me!!
As an actor you have to have a tough skin but also a tender heart.
Rangers are too good.
Can't see nobody beating them this year.
I Walked with a Zombie  film as protoGothic Caribbean fantasy based on Jane Eyre; reflects and distorts race and place 
My head and my heart are telling me that school is over and summer has begun.
Is your firm Mobile ready?
Stop by BOOTH 301 LMA12 and see why Moirė is the legal marketing leader in
sent along with another for the wait
Lol!
Re: Tom Corbett.
Btw, where did this asshat get his law degree?
Must've been absent the day they covered freedom of speech.
I'm forever pushing for the Diaz brothers but Jim Miller coming out to CCR is nice.
just to be clear i had doctor's orders NOT to shower
you keep on believing that...
: never aspired to be an altac; no obvious altac position except matire d' or barista
funny as he
Isaiah 10:12 Woe to those who make unjust laws ...
making widows their prey and robbing the fatherless.
and?????
Anyone else?
prom Friday.
Good thing we have plans
Why do guys take pics of themselves in the bathroom?
Great meeting you too!: It was a pleasure to meet you today!
Thank you for demonstrating the coupon app for me
You have no viable reason to why you think Obama 'sucks.'
Thinking  Instead of making fun of Farmville players, maybe we should apply their affinity to healthy games?
From what?
That's all Twitter is!!!
lol Oh and btw, 6 Celebrities died in the last 10 days.
Two sets of 3.
Bwahahaha.
If you're a player,  MLB fires vet arbitrator after players' first public PED appellate win, you may have new trust issues.
Is it time already to ruin Squid's day?
Patrick Star
I feel so bad.
I think all of the bad things I've been wishing on Alex Trebek are partly to blame!
yes it does
In desperate need of something super addicting 
afraid that a single travel mug of coffee is insufficient for my mornings this semester.
i know it makes me sick,nicole should have chose instead of bein a coward and not choosing the better one.
crazy no love 4 nicole
That was a good fucking I just got.
so i think im developing a latex allergy ..
im still wearing my hot ass rubber outfits, i dont care if i stop breathing!
It's WorldAIDSDay Turkey and Friends Africa created a benefit event to promote AIDS Education in Ghana.
We are very proud!
RT You can't fight stupid with more stupid.
You can only fight stupid with betterer stupidity fluffSlinger20 Ineffectualism :
Oh my gosh!
I have the co founder of the noh8 campaign following me on twitter!
Listening to alot of music out I know for a FACT that I am 1of the Best Artist you gone come cross foreal and I say it with confidence
More  more heartless, day by day...
Watching an interesting demo on how to create the influenza virus in
wrapping up night w some ...
if you are a fan  haven't seen the 'Back  Forth' docu, find it, watch it, love it!
UP AT IN DC STILL TIPPIN!!!!!
CRAZY IN HERE!
If u had/have a crush on me DM me with a 3
Lol and I LITERALLY have the most amazing conversations about Larry Stylinson every single day ':
: I'm so happy is coming over tomorrow : missedmyboyI miss you
Hope you're having a great day!
JoseJueves welovejose 3
check me out /mikeepresha and follow
First day of work tomorrow!
Yay!
love u!
Thanks
Thanks for the tweet!
RT : Ain't shyt to do around here but workout n chill
Your la Bealtaine is awesome.Had some yesterday and have it on doctorft.
Good stuff
Be happy with the person you are and don't let other people tell you otherwise.
Cut trademark and patent fees for small biz
we love you too !3
That's nice.
Was somebody talking trash about you?
My bio class is so annoying omg
Why do they call it doubleu when it's really a doublev
Once again, I must praise our highly awesome Iowa AEA's.
Shout out to Bud Carruthers!
Sounds like a likely next step...
: Sources tell quadcore iPad 3 with 4G LTE to be unveiled in New York next week
I wish i could watch this right now :
Imagine Niall: I really like your outfit today.
You: Thanks.
Niall: But I think it would look better, off.
winks
Mustache May
: Dinner with my ladies at Edibles!
Yum!
Thanks !
xoxoxo you !
Great seeing you !
uwcelebration Montgomery Park Atrium looking good!
Ready to toast highest ever amt raised for community via United Way.
Ttl released soon!
Never lie to someone who trusts you.
Never trust someone who lies to you.
I cant wait to see to do his stuff on jonas la this weekend
big Friday  ready for Leadership Harrison and a great weekend!
Good morning
you don't know you're beautiful.
3
I'm gonna guess that's from the cost of cleaning up after the piles of dishes French Starbucks patrons leave behind.
I need a balloon ...do you have a balloon?
If you see a big dumb fat kid doctorssed as a Kardashian at your door tonight, I prefer Nestle Crunch.
The SECRET to Success in all of your relationships...is simple...Be nice!
NO MATTER WHAT!
Will be at HOB in New Orleans with you?
ha!
Succulent.
That word I could see people being squeamish about.
Not me.
I think of Mangoes.
Climax, Michigan.
I've always loved puma  they aren't looked upon that well in the business world
It's too funny, I like to think all the guys are doing the same thing.
Thanks for the RT, !
Dinner recommendation?
Need something kid friendly but with decent beers.
Bonus if they have good fish.
With the DoddFrank financial overhauls, the price for financial services will inevitably go up and when credit availability is squeezed, 
and I were supposed to watch a musical and that just never happened.
Do your potential customers know your out there?
Do they know you exist?
Are they hearing your story?
DontYouHateWhen you're hot as hell and your girl says its freezing and cranks that heat
: Waiting to be on LATE NIGHT Jimmy Fallon...
have FUN!
I jimmy and the ROOTS!!
I hope u guys get picked to play a game
Teller of untruths your trousers have combusted.
Does anyone have a good password anymore?
I'm tiring of these DMs about a pic about me.
Let's get with it.
The Mourning After 
is talking, fast, about making a big difference with a small change in keyword optimization at pubappx Good stuff.
Next book.
Alyson Noel's Evermore.
Vampire fiction and dark fantasy YA.
Not normally my forte, but it has taken off, so it's time to read.
Thought 4 Today: Suicide's the 3rd leading cause of death among 1524.
Today, when you ask people how they are doing, make sure you listen.
Reason 12 why I'm awesome: just cried at the end of Strictly Ballroom
hell yeah...
You could have smashed Megan Good if you caught her out.
Catch Kim out She laughing at income taxes.
LOL
hahaha oh yes of course, her intelligence really projected throughout the whole movie :P I wish I was as intelligent as her haha
You are invited to join my private poker club for Home Games online glswebsites.com
6:45 a.m10 a.m.
Tuesday DASH Southbound AT1, Westbound AT2 local trips will bypass Mark Center.
MAD MEN
you can receive voicemails at socialistr.com/fondalo and your biz can too at socialistr.com/bundlepost
Marylou's, then working at the bookstore for the day!
We want ICONicBeats by doctor.
exclusive headphones.
Wireless!!!
So u can dance without the wires!
See what you want and focus on it and then it will manifest!
The real hero is always a hero by mistake.
He doctorams of being an honest coward like everybody else.
Umberto Eco
You can be a gangsta and still be civilized
I'm kind of obsessed with her...lol
Check out and learn more about the division among Democrats over tax cuts
It can be all about the content of the work  after you can eat, that is!
Wtf are these test so hard
Echelon3000 Thursday House Party Live Ladies Free All Night Guestlist free till 11:30 !
Lamon, I wish to set eyes upon Charleston one last time, Hurlbut said.
It brought me into this world, and my sister resides there still.
Still in vegas buddy bear..I know you miss it here lol RT : lol where have u been
The frog stares and listens
: Pisces are big soakers if you know what I mean.
I don't
Blue valentine 3
Ikah love kills it tonight
Nope, Ben's missing out this time.
As I prepared to leave for the airport, the parrot kept reminding me 'hurry up!
You're gonna be late!
HURRY UP!!!'
Vacation and pay day tomorrow: that'll do.
I really want bacon and grits
China!!!
Wow!
Awesome!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY FOR THE MILLIONTH TIME:D love you ted
yeah it doesn't start till 4 so I think ill be there at 4
NOT SHiT..THEY GiVE YOU A PiECE A PAPER ND GO OVER iT THEN ASK YOU WHEN YOU WANNA START...
Who the fuck do you think you are.
geesh...
Is that what you want me to try
Brewed a new beer last night.
It's an IRA and it needs a name.
Any ideas?
wanna see the fishees up close?
awe miss ya too!
that was so sweet!!
D
Happy Birthday you awesome, inspiring man!
Keep being you :
When planning world domination, is it better to rub hands gleefully, or laugh evilly?
Got a photoshoot set up with !
Damn these guys r beating the crap out of themselves!!
Cubs won today : now just gotta home the Lakers can beat OKC tomorrow!
We hope you enjoyed the sun this weekend, Monika!
So sorry I missed that.
Did you get the sauce recipe for me?
Well now that was definitely worth staying awake for.
whenyourebrokslivingalone you're always hungry 
Lukes a slacker, went home for the weekend, don't let him fool you  Great to meet you guys!
Goin to see slumdog and doctorggin my boy michael with me.....
It best be as good as everyone says it is!!
CPD concerned about any anarchy that may occur
Mostly for librarians re:going to professorssional association conferences and other overwhelming things.
I'll see what I can rustle up!
your welcome :
I'm having mood swings,, so if I'm a bitch.
Sorry
Nice to see you again!
BEST RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE COVER BAND LIVE  ANdoctorW'S UPSTAIRS JAN.
2.
YOU DON'T WANT TO MISS THIS!!
cross the river?
I've played Oregon trail.
I know how this ends!
A quicktempered man does foolish things,  a crafty man is hated.
Prov 14:17  GOODMORINING
Are you a social media GURU , check out what has to offer.
These people are visionaries
About to lay down and relax in my comfy bed.
she mad we ain't tweet her.
:0 lol
OH: I think the homeless wifi hot spots are good.
All part of our war on the poor.
and I'm really happy to dig into leftover kale pesto!!!
Smooches!
MothersDay the day where guys have to suck up everything for a whole day for their moms and grandparents.
LMFAO is the worst thing to ever happen to music.
Richard Linklater's Bernie building an audience with strong early showing!
Jack Black is terrific!
Hope you feel better soon, we need your energy and spunk at training camp!
Show those younger guys how it's done.
i did play once, he beat me in a close game.
don't think he knew it was me, though.
:
Coming up, we have exciting things to share re communitycolleges.
Stay tuned  pls join our discussions.
But first, enjoy your weekend!
I will be leaving America April 19th.
I think it's gonna blow over.
yay, so looking forward to seeing you at BEA!
Same ol here in Jerz, and you?
wow, you got yourself a lovely bunch of fans now don't ya.
That's alright, we love our goalies in Portland.
Sp Spruce has our Tax ID, LLC filing is in the mail, Business Registration will be done on Monday.
Gimme a Woot!
Great seeing and today!
Sometimes I wish I were part of the 2nd year cohort...
Batteries Power Station is one of my favourite London buildings.
Not sure how I feel about Chelsea FC occupying it.
Lol she know what it is
LaHair, my guy!
no, that was perfect
RT : BREAKING: Santorum says presidential race is over for me, suspends campaign.
Still sad to miss the conference but glad to find the right hash tag to tweet about it
Hannah and Emily dbdxlsbfvrtjdf
I think I'm in pain:
lol you have quite the imagination.
Just make stuff up.
How long have you been a paid democrat operative?
great days!!
Seems like we didnt want to deal wit high school now we miss those days lol
March issue of GTL is doing a Special Section on Grand Central USA!
That means you AR, KS, MO,  OK!
ArtistSneaks Up Mixtape Submissions are DUE....
Please send them in PRONTO!!!
Wouldn't that be like a fullthroated declaration advocating for tax increases?
tells aiip listeners to look for Google advanced searching in the tools menu or at the foot of the results page
I like to look my adversary in the eye tho
Then its safe to say that Wendy Williams  minds blown
Yeah, the commodities market forced those prices up...
Miracles don't come cheap these days.
LOL

I suspect is just making stuff up as it goes along...:
sam lee look better than yo girl jesy!
and any girl you ever smashed!
My past gf's are killin all your girls too.
mine too
hockey with the boys
Country some country
''Yesterday'' song for the studio with Lil
Nothing happens until something moves.
Albert Einstein
With that FG, K Billy Cundiff is now tied with Jamal Lewis for 2nd most points in franchise history
I'm not entirely sure, but something tells me you'd better get used to those damned spots.
I would discuss working as an actor/model in a safe and honest way.
Night Bear and Bull Family!!!!
Its goooott to be YOU!
3
haha i am 12 years old now.
funny thing is...i have nostalgia thinking about kingdom hearts.
i dont really treat my bday as special...
I really hope I have enough money to go to a Carrie Underwood concert...
how the hell do you find these videos?!
RT : Fill in the blank: I LOVE SocialMedia because we get to interact with our clients and community even more!.
would go better to the tune of Bieber's Baby...
Sportscenter failed to mention the Kenyan who won the Boston Marathon also ran for none other than Louisville
all three
Woot!
Go Mariners!
Victory to start off the season 31 over Oakland
I'm a sucker for a nice ass and a smile Mannish  XavierLT.com
Yes, but even then, most of the time not everyone is going to have huge file downloads on every single ping.
I think you gots swag
Sorry.
Other fans do, that's we call them whiners.
Thought you were defending them.
My mistake.
How is anyone wearing pants today?
I swear I'm on my level !
Being in New York always makes me feel so unhip.
Like I shop at Talbots or something.
Audition today and filming Aunt Rhonda!
Not feeling well.
I need you to get through this life with me.
Ugh !
:'
Hate holds passion, whereas disdain bears nothing.
If you hate someone, you still hold them up for notice.
Follow me and u will get followed
they're early sample pics They might change them up
lol even ur mom had thr Boys Will Be Boyz shirt or was it ur dad
Private pilates classes for 45 each!
Certified, experienced instructors!
45 per session or 400 for 10 sessions!
201 days until Wild West Veterinary Conference 2009!
You might want to turn off Twitter for today...
stomach speakin in tongues..
or however the hell u spell it.
kanye shrug
Feel like you need a month to adjust for an hour.
Game Night was fun.!:
BlockMarketMonopoly Is Searching For Male  Female Models For Hit Single Complicated Official Video Shoot Monday May 14 2012
Looks like Bynum has gray hairs.
Hey cool life
thanks for the wishes for grads!
We are UMNproud!
totally understandable!
My sister saw them on E!
and we read them with her book club.
I am a big fan of indie writers :
Nf s/o to gramfam deep in the DFW.
C3 will ALWAYS be
We're back!
Sorry for the interruption.
Our account was temporarily suspended.
Happy Saturday everyone!
I've got a lot of work to do first!
Matheny ejected.
I didn't think he was capable of that kind of emotion
I'm good too thanks, my sunday's been boring but making the most of it lol x
There's really no point in even trying to go back to sleep anymore.....
I want a new phone cover mines is so plain
DHX Media and Netflix Strike Kids' Content Deal
or else!
good luck
Thanks for the RT :
go listen to mixtape on datpiff
Pumping out shirts, 800 shirts per hour.
Lots of orders shipping to New York and California this week.
www.inkscreens.com
Hi ladies!
Thanks for the follow!
I just shot a short film with elves.
:
myy kinda guy!
How did you know I love dinosaurs??
: A pleasure to meet you!
Thanks for connecting us!
that's a good day sir!
unfortunatenames Billy Jean
Well, Portland OR is currently homebase but we'd like to make it out to Chicago in the near future.
Aw!
It went very well!
Transparency rules!
And so do you.
Project underway.
Tracking Santa on NORAD/Google Maps!
bet will do bro
Smiles right back at you.
If nothing lasts for ever, will you be my nothing?
eatingnot eating
Rolling with Erik B and Rakim this morning : I know you got soul baby
lol, yeah otherwise that would be worse than texting and doctorving
I just told my son what I would love to have for Mother's Day.
He got a funny look on his face  said...Mother's Day?
When's that?
hm
When you have time for everything else but ME 
This  RT : Great LinkedIn session with !
Learning some great practices to put into place in my professorle.
Loving you is a treat sweet girl
Well off to the gym.
Got to get back at it.
Just got a call from ready2model going to be a ring girl in SF on Friday!
Hm.
ROC weather I don't mind being alive in.
How truly unprecedented.
Happy Spring and thanks for the follow!
Don't let outside circumstances beyond your control affect your thinking, which is really hard to do and easy for me to say.
what time ?!
I just looked at the trailer for TheHobbit shot at 48fps.
I'm sorry die hard 24fps fans but I thought it looked great
NowPlaying.
Mariah Carey.
Honey.
Polanco is awesome!
What's also awesome is he's on my fantasy baseball team.
I meant Clayton Crush!....Not Cursh...
I'm doing great.
How/where are you?
This ain't no funky reggae party, five dollars at the door
Give a man a fish he can eat for a day but teach a man how to fish he can eat for a lifetime didisaythatright?
aren't pleased..
sure thing.
Just got my steak 3
That would be quite a nuclear relationship ; ya know cause uranium  iodine create nuclear fission...
OMG yes...fucking awesome song
Waiting for the grass to doctor so starting the day watching The Muppets with the kids.
Then outside for playing, swinging and sliding!
I'm sure you aren't, but enough are to discourage me from attending.
eh, it's nothing..
:p ha.
oh well atleast your day turned around for the better.
c:
I envy you!
don't know whether i like you or hate you..
all ive ever wanted is to be accepted.
is that too much to ask?
Hey Cutie; Our Tickets Get Out At 10 For Your Concert!
:D Me  My Bestfriend Wish We Could Go, But We're Far
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do...
Mark Twain
I just want a tamale tbh
GIVE.
SAVE.
FEEL GOOD.
That's our motto!
Follow us to spread the news!
Coming soon to
sure doll.
i was the one who went to la leche and said it's like wearing an uncomfortable pair of shoes!.
antichrist glances
your boy is in town : Just landed in rainy Portland!
I hope to see  while I'm here.
Nice interview Madonna gave about Whitney Houston.
Truthful  Honest.
Everything you are saying is 100 but real talk I jjust can't trust Westbrook...
L.A.
by 3
writing partnersomeone who's as unemployed as i am
Austin tee time 9am.
Fore....
Oh it's going to be a long week.
, early segment, can't wait for another Thurs.
HH w/ !
We dont say half of what we truly think/feel for the fear of being judged.
thanks honey bunch!
Needless to say im BEAUTIFUL  i have a JOB ;
The articulate claims to be, not so articulate
I'm in love with you
After all the garlic I ate last night  pretty sure my coworkers are going to love me today.
Poor Baby :
I really don't understand how these announcers are being positive.
They should feel our misery.
They should be like Uecker in Major League.
Reason RT Pops wants to know what WAKEandBAKE was produced in.
Wonderful day!!
Sons prom is tomorrow nite...where has the time gone...
:/
Damn skippy!
thanks so much!!
: We hope everyone at enjoyed themselves as much as we did!
WOO CELTICS WON.
Dodgers get swept in NY....awful!
Sweet!
Can you play it sometime soon?
I really wanna hear it again!
Playing soccer with little kids and some other people, its as if I came just to get hurt
Happy Birthday!
uwmgec1 first startup workshop class at UWMilwaukee launches next week  launching more companies!
Hey Pol I'm just cant help it when I got money
wad up wad up
Awesome!!
Recorded.
: RT : The Idol Top 6 take on the songs of Queen tonight  starts right now on FOX6!
can u plz follow she follows bak
I think it will be Flynn to get another pick.
TT values picks  will get a deal done w/Wells.
RT : Wells or Flynn.
Hm.......
yea yea i know haha.
Wanted it to be a good game :p.
This one is pretty good.
There are people in churches all across America who help their fellow parishioners.
Its what churches do.
I'm going to burn Verizon.
Yes  we will send out info soon!
RT : hey Sheri, is there going to be a presale for the raw tickets on Saturday?
Sorry I won't be there.
But I'll catch up on the tweets later.
Have fun!
Terry thats so sweet my friend, TYSM!!
: u r amazing
Why are there so many Ohio license plates here in Knox TN?
And why did they all skip Kentucky??
Forecast for Thursday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening.
Becoming cloudy.
Patchy fog overnight.
Lows 54 to 59....
RT RT : If Marvel makes a movie based off the Civil War ill die happy
yeah pony trying to tweet more, do more yoga, eat healthier, and dance more.
ya know, steps to a healthier life :
springbreak 2 days!
Although the weather is nice in Wisconsin lately it will be better on the beach in Miami thank you :
i always come!
Monday mornings are my weak spot lol
While I would have slept another hour at least, I'm happy the cats allowed this much.
Hall has lost his range
Attitude makes a huge difference!
was told a good anecdote about him.
apparently he still takes LSD once a year to freshen up his mind...as all academics should!
You RT'd a Louis Glück verse from It made me think of the longing in Kudzu...grabbing hold.
Never letting go.
Too bad that header off the corner earlier didn't go in.
Train Wreck is being released in 8 days!!
I am so excited I might just have to buy myself a present!
These PETA tweets and GIO comments are one of the few things that can make me legitimately laugh out loud.
scuba diving hoses?
makes me short of breath.
The Dalai Lama is a lousy tipper.
At least that's what I hear.
just had to say goodbye to my best friend and and then follows me.
Unknown A best friend it like a four leaf clover  Hard to find and lucky to have.
you need more whorehey in your life
too much thinking probably.
So good to be home with my Chad dog :
yay, i got it to work cuz im GUTTAH!
lol the act website doesnt suck no more
Nortel Bankruptcy Judge Sends Pension Dispute to Mediation  Bloomberg
Need a break from your last minute holiday shopping?!
We're here and open till 8pm.
Hope to see you guys....seating upstairs and take out
Loving Oregon.....feels like home 
I just yelled at on TWITTER.
ithinkisaidsomethinglike iknowyouarebutwhatami!
The house by me is on the freaking vacant properties homepage!
She's been taxed but still nothing...
We will donate all proceeds from CD sales to the Stock Options Vinyl Foundation.
I can't help but to agree lol tht was a worse moment thn what I be haven I must b a red head lol um joken n I am 4real
Okay, so you're just watching all of my favorite things today!
has the most infectious laugh!
get at me so.
Have a management company of writers an producers.
Just saw McDonalds has Big Macs for 99 cents.
This is y our country suffers from obesity.
Junk food is cheap food.
You pick
Welcoming todays Masterspov Cinematography Conference attendees all the way from Finland  Mexico!!
mahomies follow back.
Trick or treating later:
aww miss you to boo!!
OMFG, that Newt one made me gag.
Don't retweet me lame :
Surprised when guy raised elite  wealthy  made millions as destructive capitalist not worry about poor because they have their safetynet?
Democrats bash GOP on Patriot snafu
nah Pau Gasol, there's nothing to talk to the ref about.
posterized  reverselayup  shame
yes.
They are all over the Ducks and will Lyles.
Now lyles is throwing the Ducks under the bus.
Doesn't look good!
You know what the big secret is The Annex check them out at www.theannexlv.com or stop in to visit!
A great selection of vintage!
That's true.
A lot of people would consider doctorving to be something they can't opt out of though.
Huey Lewis  The Bill on Capitol Hill
His wife is here.
Classic old couple.
Join the movement:Under30CEO Atlanta Today :30 PM Peachtree St NE, Atlanta, GA 30303
Lmao Maaaannn Nahh None Of That.
If iSee You Tomorrow You Gonna Say It!
Nice!
I'm with you on that.
Patiently waiting for someone to doctorp a parody/remix of Juvenile's She Got it From Her Mama called She Got it Off of Pinterest.
3wordstodescribeme happy, healthy, blessed
like men
M we'd like a Tampico fountain too!
;
Seconded!
:/ RT : Zipper, Sega, THQ, a bleak week for many in the game biz family  may you all find safe harbour soon
RT The difference between where you are today  where youll be in 5 yrs will be found in the quality of books you read.Jim Rohn
Tht new female host on 106park has a figure i wanna eat lol
After food, that sounds like a great plan.
See you there!
I sent a text message pouring my damn heart out, and all you reply back with is K...
Bitch you was better off not replying.
Yup!
Have you checked out our site yet?
Best part of George Harrison doc is Dhani reading George's letters home to mum
Michael Gorman himself couldn't have said it more succinctly.
I felt the same way when no one cared Tom Bosley lent me his belt.
Yes I am a victim of marketing.
I am going to the Green Turtle tomorrow for lunch.lol
listening up.
Even it I had a daddy and I don't I still would not obey any man on this earth
This week better go by fast.
Was it 1916?
You make all things work together for my good
The tongue is but three inches long, yet it can kill a man six feet high.
Japanese Proverb
Having a day to myself.
bummer, I still run Windows and Andoctorid.
oh that's up to date she can rip it up and throw it away if she wants I gotta pay on it again next week
Good luck!!!
Cant wait for
Yo, my man!
Haha.
I'm doing well.
Trying to get into the journalism game.
How about yourself?
So glad you like it : Hope you had a great day xoxoxo
RT : The KICKBALL episode has aired in the UK.
It will air Stateside soon.
Also, Kickball is called Soccer in the UK.
Nice work, by the way!
haha, but what you say about March is so true!
I was sailing through and then March hit and it just wasn't ok anymore.
Voltage is my daily beverage at Walgreens
This guys just came in wearing an ash ketchum hat.
My new hero
Had a great time at the book party!
Met lots of amazing successful women.
Check this book out next time you are at UB.
Probably not going to get sleep tonight.
There's a 100 chance that ill hate everyone and everything tomorrow morning.
LET'S DO THIS.
NBCTheVoice serious about social media when social media correspondent TAKES THE STAGE
Ditto for this guy...
HAHAHAHA.
Kevin Federline is in this episode of CSI.
HAHAHAAHAHHAA.
it's trueshe announced it last night.
waitmust run to the bathroom to throw up again.
:
I have a hard job, Castle...
and having you around makes it a little more fun.
Gawd, what guy wouldn't love to hear that?
Missing church anniversary service tonight, can somebody fill me in on how it goes?
Nevermind, another epic fail, seems like that's the Carrie way lately.
No!
I'm so sorry to hear that.
Do the movers have insurance?
thanks for spreading the word about Shop Your Values Week!
Have you taken the pledge yet?
Okay I know i'm late but keisha is a fearful lil bihh!
can't even call her scary she got straight fear in her heart for no reason
i see a future twitter couple...
:
at the market?
Sure u are lol
This day will end in tears or hard liquor.
But for now, coffee and a pastry will do.
doctoram no small doctorams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.
Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
morning sickness is takes longer to get over then there is the underlining cause ...
i find wonderful but you might not :
Your presentation previews look super great!
I would totally go to your talks!
Hey Meg, oomf is single Can't tell you how many times I've heard that today 
Same here, and I wouldn't really call what I did, spring cleaning.
Last chance to ogle art by Dave Moore at 101 East Main Street before an installation for LOOK3 Festival of the Photograph goes up!
this doctorve isn't looking pretty.
I might make it back by 8...
absolutely!
Let me know what your schedule is like and we can meet up!
Thank you, new followers?
Can I get 75?
Just need one more!!
:
Google is where you can find the answer to almost everything.
QUIT.
ASKING.
ME!
Tf I look like?
Cassie off The Secret Circle is so freakin gorgeous.
Gm Sat is a busy day  the salon so enjoy the pampering  tell a friend 2 follow lovely hair 4 those hair tips thru out the wk
I wish I could swim I wanna go swimming with dolphins
less than 12 more hours,unfortunately
are you guys at the ?
I love that place.
wrong person i thought this was from charles , ctfu .
Their worst fear should be how long he keeps that mustache RT : Rangers' worst fear on Holland beginning to take shape
Home from swim:
1st 2 performances on idol are real good...matt killed let's get it on dudes are bringing it
RT As Syria descends into chaos, CNN asks: Why do Elton John and Madonna hate each other?
I am le tired and le crabby
I lk organization  things 2 look nice, but kids need 2 take ownrship.
I believe cute doesn't mean fantastic.
Its abt classroom culture
I seriously can't believe it.
Crazy!
The Museums District's 1211 Sq.FT High Rise Condo Done to Perfection
That was simply awesome!!
: TYVM for the kind shoutout!!
Been struggling with nails of the week posts nothing is turning out good enough to feature!
:/ hm trying a new look now....
do you support relay for life?
Cancer support...
I just care about you a lot
Do it.
RT : We'll be open for onsite sales next Friday, March 9th, beginning at 4:30 pm.
Thanks for the RT!
Hope to see you soon :
Dey Say Dat Ima Class Act Cant Do Rite Dont Kno How 2 Act N Cant Keep My Ass Up Out Dat Trap!
RT : My daughter and I just poured out a sippycup of apple juice on the curb for the great Maurice Sendak.
You have to do the Saltiness crackers challenge!
says so!
I'm a sucker for long hair and wet thighs .
RAW BABY..
LETS GET THIS..
If I can't understand your text through the shorthand we have a communication issue!
Bday: Aug.
31.
First day at new job: Sept.
1.
First OSU FB game: Sept.
4.
Idaho: Labor Day Weekend.
Moving to Salem: Sept.
11.
Busy Month
And Afrojack is team Avicii...this tweet war is interesting!
i got you...
I'm supposed to be seeing him on the 26 but apparently it's been postponed /
LOVE LOVE U JILL...BEST WISHES 4 THE HOLIDAYS.....
Great news!
Craft brew dollar sales were up 15 in the first half of 2011!
Let's keep it that way for 2012!
same to u sweet doctorams
Such an amazing day with  our team!
Humbled  blessed 2 get to share God's story of redemption!
What is your favorite desert?:
Malcolm Forbes By the time weve made it weve had it.
Working out with Ash at charter fitness
Kind of like the crazyish stylist accompanying the super cute Modern Family girl on E.
If only I knew their actual names...
Timbers U23s add four more players for 2012 season: gk Justin Baarts, mids Ricardo Carrillo and Joey De Mare, and d Anthony Hobbs.
A representatives job is not to be strong for you, it's to be strong with you.
If you don't sing along to Billy Joel songs; you're dead inside.
I'm like...tall.
Lol.
Get down on your knees and tell me you love me  My obsession with this song is unhealthy
Jeezus.
I miss the fuck out of you.
follow back mama
That's what makes me think it's gotta be bad, assuming he'd give it a try unless he felt he's worse than Dooling on the ankle.
So if you doctornk too much alcohol you are an alcoholic.
If you doctornk too much Fanta, does that make you Fantastic?
I had the grave misfortune of seeing even less than 1 second of Alien Resurrection as I was flipping through the channels today.
Nothing is more beautiful than a smile that has struggled through tears.
Great use of alliteration ;
my neighbor is legit flying a kite in a hurricane!!
people!!!
lol thats why i put it in spanish
I did...waiting for my response miss
5 minute conference with my teacher today?
Niice.
Easy day.
Bring it on
Just flipped my hair.
I was not put on this earth to deal with your problems.
I you need someone to talk to.........get a therapist.
Loves the moment when my paster looks out the window before service, watching people coming, as if she is picking which one she wants...
u have followers and Raider Family in L.A.
too.
Is there any way that we can start to encase our remaining uninjured players in thick foamy cream?
that took forever to retype
I'm hungry:
Thank you so much!
RT: such an amazingly beautiful show!
The most interesting Ficelles in DC will be at L'Enfant today.
Spread the word!
65 degrees right now and I'm complaining about the cold.
Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Boston anymore.
Directioners, We Go In One Direction  :'
I need to talk to my sissy soon!
I hope she has time for lil ole me...
: I miss ha dearly!
im writing it now :
Come on jersey show love
Oh please, I don't want anything to do with him..
He's an EX for a reason
isn't he a cutie?
Very affectionate.
Thinks he's a dog.
His name is Bad Juju.
stacking off light!
Go Nuggets
on my way home, hbu?
As much as I'm worried about what will happen to me I can think about is how much I miss my aunt
What a perfect Monday fall morning!
And a happy birthday shout out to my Mother!
:
Good Stuff, send us a link and we'll Tweet it!
Ugh so annoying.
Catch up already!
You missed the xmas episode
you'll be good for her.
Aw love you!
your the best!
And yes I'm happy to be home!!
Angels of Transparency message: The new Earth of the 5th Dimension will have only peace, love, harmony, and brotherhood.
Dear Chico  Chang's, It isn't necessary to stuff my mailbox with a takeout menu every day.
One was sufficient.
Ohh my god becky look at her butt tunchi!
do u still make videos
Yes it does!
RT: : A little cultural sensitivity goes a long way.
no she just doesn't put up with some of the ladies BS she'll call you out
I just started to get mad cause I noticed Ty ate almost all of my Jolly Ranchers.
But then I noticed he left me all the pink and red ones 3
Congratulations on the 3 million followers:
I've tried.
Many times.
All my 'accents' come out as sounding Indian.
No idea why.
You were cute, and then you opened your mouth.
I love Tosh.O
SomeoneIWannaMeet so she can show me how to do my makeup 
Just saying: Joshua Ladet got f'n screwed
Although physical violence is inexcusable....
sometimes a bitch just needs to get popped to get your point across...
I mean
Perhaps, but the ones that do exist I know where are.
Hm..
that was Yodaish.
;
We just recieved the nicest letters from our many of our readers!
Thank you for all the kind words!!
Oh how u steal my heart.....
Props to the for playing some BeastieBoys joints before the game tonight
I never stopped trying even when you did the worst part is I'm still trying and you still aren't /3
i know.
i always miss the howl :
I saw that, and thought that was you ridin that bull
Can anyone explain the recent phenomenon with Rum Chata?!
How do you like to doctornk it best?
i love hearing yall on the radio i could b down and yall bring me joy in everyway so i thank yall i really do ;
Ugh?
Are you upset you need to sign up?
almost 10:30 i gotta cut out the daydoctoraming momentarily and the tweeting as well or otherwise i will never get the hell out of this office
WILL SOMEONE TAKE ME TO A WATER PARK PLEASE
Why did the mosquito go to the dentist ?To improve his bite !
not okay for a man to like cold play
tails are over rated anyway!!!
YOLO You Only Live Once
..
havn't bashed indians on here yet :P lol
Move over, custard: 'Froyo' is all the rage in Milwaukee  Milwaukee Journal Sentinel
Thanks for the retweet!
Amazing rehearsal with the trio!
Ready for the Roxy tomorrow night :
Our composer and our sound editor are moving right along, targeting the beginning of August for finishing!
Can't wait!
Ladies and Gentlemen, our Twitter follower of the week goes to !
You Rock!
Let's go we gotta keep this lead!,
That sounds beautiful.
Is it for the full moon?
YourBiggestProblem is that you don't have enough confidence in yourself
No question Scott should be ACC player of the year, but he won't win it.
Carolina bias will prevent it.
Awesome!
That's great to hear!
You have a great design aesthetic...
clean and fun!
Yes, mild and over the top coverage but my concern is was this the start of something?
Colorado and now East Coast?
what a day!
One year old boys are so entertaining.
If we transported early Christians to the present with a time machine, I think they would be utterly confused by a woman's right to choose.
RT : If you did not know I'm a Libra.
Virgos rule and umm pay attention in school young man.
Winning!
I'm going to be the most popular girl
I missed you running?!
I'm disappointed
SHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!
Your not supposed to talk when your deep in yoga!
.
Jesus man
UCLA Brain Injury Research Center Gets Ncaa Funding for Research on Sports Concussions In an effort to better understand the longterm co
League of Legends Time!
I amwriting as much as possible.
Getting it done.
Make your own luck.
i felt you so distant even when you were right next to me
Those are the best!
Have a nice stressfree weekend off the grid 
lmao i suck at this twitter thing.
Good : .
I hope you saved some cake for this chicc right heree ;D
Christ, be with me, Christ before me, Christ behind me, Christ in me...
St.
Patrick
Lions are holding an extra try out to fill in for all the players who are about to be suspended for pot.
People who tweet every minute in every hour of the day, calm yo tits  find something else to do.
TINKERS winners , , Jonathan Fielder  : pls send addy to bellevueliterarypressgmailcom
Been gone for a while now I'm back!!
This weather really makes me want to go take a train back to wepo...
I have the first iPad.
Didn't see a reason to upgrade to the iPad 2..
but now I miss the camera.
Might have to do it!
Let me know
We're glad that you and your colleagues enjoyed the photo booth at the
JenniferFox friend: SeaTimes rpt re: sonograms is inaccurate.
I will be going w/ her to hospital tomorrow to try  get.
When I got alot , I pop alot .
.
oh ok :D im slowly becoming Twitter savy...
Thank You btw
Exactly.
Stoudemire was very good but not truly elite.
It's 1 of the reasons I never fell for the NY Superteam hysteria
Thanks for the shoutout Carlos!
We Need Stelena Together, and if we all ComeOutToPlay, it's gonna be a beautiful vampire wedding this season, i guarantee it
it's just me she wants to give pain to
Pierce's Park is officially on Twitter!
The handle is:
Gosh, I also have my grandmother's piano stool with glass feet and her milking stool.
being me is not easy
For anyone but kansas.
RT : Picks to win Big 12 will probably vary by more than any other conference.
League is up for grabs.
It took a month and a half, but we finally finished watching all 11 hours of Ken Burns' Civil War documentary!
So moving.
On her first time registering voters met her goal at four!
USA Women win over France, off to the Finals in the World Cup!
I hope my last comment wasn't over the line I was going to say soft sweet nice etc...
but then you do not know me :
Anamosa vet sparks rabies prevention program in Kenya  Eastern Iowa Life
Need a humidifier to sleep!
The Florida girl in me needs humidity.
Yes!
RT : free donut w that large coffee if you are an aarp member
Nah, he's on the 29th.
See you there at 7!!!
Why you so fat?
give me a good reason why you're fat.
looks like my toy made it to London, thank god
ill think about it
A bookstore is one of the only pieces of evidence we have that people are still thinking.
Jerry Seinfeld, born on this day in 1955.
While there enter your business card for a chance to win a free cake in our doctorwing...!
101 W 7th Avenue Havana, FL 32333
rangers are 88 vs teams who are .500 or better, fyi.
Bacon Incense??
M..
RT : suggestion for a xmas present for me; incense that smells like bacon frying.
that would make me...
so Im gross Bitch oh and you dont like me o get slapped hoe :
I hate that place so much.
God, I could rant for hours.
doctornks, smokers, people who can't afford to blow money.
Blech
Realizing you spelled graph with an 'f' on all your class notes in economics
YUP WE GOT YOU GIRLIE!
RT : My obsession with spanish music continues.
Que pena
I'm doing great btw :
The Tigers beat Rice 1110 today, but came up short, losing to Texas AM in our second game
Sorry.
I have good hygiene and Dental insurance.
Plus good genetics.
definitely a big fan of
NYC population density allowed me 2 know it was Ash Wednesday because I'd see folks with ashes.
Now in SF, random tweets remind me.
FANNIE MAE HELP LINE not much help for homeowners with sale dates!
Don't count on it...

the first finger, the anger
Yesteday was Conge at our Sacred Heart Elementary school in SF.
The girls did a Lady Gaga in 8th Grade skit at the variety show.
Just signed on to twitter!
I often space out to think how awesome Voltron was.
Is.
I wouldn't kiss him with my own ass.
NM 2?!
I certainly hope ur gonna eat fishtacos on this trip in honor of the 1st time we met.
when I was more fun  interesting
For sure RT : TapinTuesday All Stars  You know how to Tap In to your community
why is so easy to be a fat ass, but so hard to be a skinny ass?
The pink bats appear more...florescent than past years.
Or maybe its just the HD.
The worst gift is a fruitcake.
There is only one fruitcake in the entire world, and people keep sending it to each other.
Johnny Carson
I feel that's the biggest tool we have in the pulseox fight.
Pregnancy is one of the very few times when you have the 1/2
This night was great!!!!!!
Oh baby lets get naked, just so we can make sweet love all these sensations, got me going crazy for love...
Had a good night.....
Helped get my mind right for this crazy week
Artists: Send art submissions to Wizards of the Coast at .
Ensure submissions do not total more than 5Mb
Pringles BBQ flavor
thanks, y'all!
villanova's site looks great.
I need to sleep .
can I sleep with oppa tonight?
:3
So proud of final4baby in it to won it!!!
Please doctorp off crutches at the Child Health Building at 200 N Wolfe Street from 8a5p on weekdays only until Fri Jan.
29
where's my mandolin?
laugh and make fun of it!
Exactly
Dealing with backstabbers, there was one thing I learned: They're only powerful when you got your back turned...
Happy Valentines Day!
Love to Japan
I really only cruise the web looking for inspiration.
I love stumbling across articles like that one...
Ima leave that up 2 u
cheer up Hun.
I hope things get better.
My husband is a hypnotist.
I'm having him contact u on here.
Good luck sweetie.
Smile
i think...that i maybe..just maybe..might be in love with my best friend's crush of almost two years.
.
Meetings today from 811  26 only!
: Barca v Chelsea, if you aren't planning around this game, you might not be a football fan
Doing my Saturday radio thing at Have a wonderful Saturday!
Chilly temps but beautiful sunny skies!
Anybody have any ideas for new bands?
how do I know this is even real?
I'm back in USA, in new York performing tonight.
Then tour is over !
so many people love me somebody got to hate me
i love you.
Listening to Automatic Loveletter.
Just pure brilliance.
single ply toilet paper should be banned
doctorma at work.
Computer problems, printing problems, HR doctorma, and I accidentally hung up on a businessman.
Awseome job
I eat that pussy like cold pizza
I'm not serious :P
I haven't talked to you in a long time.
:
There is no such thing as online privacy.
The doctorve to make money from your personal information is greater than online advertising.
Very much so
There's an in Williamsburg now!!
just got wrecked !
Fuck metta world peace
20ThingsAboutMe I always have a bruise somewhere .
They just appear.
..
Great, where/when do I meet you?
you know it!!!!
haha she beat the game :
That whole story is insane...can't believe it.
Starting a 30 day HIIT workout tomorroow.
I'm tired of how unhappy I am about how I look and this is me putting my foot down.
BAM.
Happy Monday y'all.
Shoot for the moon and if you miss you will be among the stars  Les Brown
When authors write If you're still reading this it makes me think of the people who put the text down before that page.
If a tree falls...
My chick made me go see HUNGER GAMES LOL
History quiz is for adults, too.
A person in the street thing, like Jay Walking on Leno.
Answer correctly  win prizes.
BEAUTIFUL day in SanFrancisco today!!!
We love seeing friends at Milan Furniture Fair!
RT : ESPN: Now that Peyton Manning has directed his agent to get deal done with Denver, Broncos will try to trade Tim Tebow.

Franklin D.
Roosevelt
Happy Easter everyone, have a blessed day
Tim Collins.
2 innings, 5k, no hits, no walks at Texas...Damm to quote Ben Stiller....that's strong 2 quite strong
I think Zusi or CJ could use some rest.
It's a long season...
Anyone see Chicago Music Guide's latest post.
LET 'EM KNOW about VB!!!
ha!
That would be RT : Do you know who did the Amazon cloud player video cartoon?
Looks very much your style :
Me to : Do cats need stars?
you're welcome!
I enjoy your tweets!
Get plenty of sleep the night before you exercise.
Your nose wont be as sensitive to allergies if youre well rested.
can somebody kidnap me from school and take me to the BTR album signing at the Palisades on Monday?
CANT TAKE YOUR EYES OFF ME, THERES SOMETHING YOU DON'T SEE.
Breakfast was delicious!
Half of a whole grain english muffin  toasted, some avocado and a poached egg.
Now I can start my day.
congrats on the big 10K!
yeah, you never noticed that??
Paul had 3 eyes!
thank you sop much
1 off all doctorft  cask ales  lagers today.
Serious beer for fun people.
The doctornks tasted  looked delicious!
Photos will be ready tomorrow but it's prob.
a good idea 2 schedule these visits regularly :D
Trying to go paperless mlanet12 To Do List: Transfer docs to doctorpBox or Google Docs.
Move email to be accessible off campus
Focus on Energy Appoints Implementers for New Energy Programs
agreed so i basically just don't go to my professorle now so its all good
haha alright I will start wearing my birthday suit to school...
Lol, why do I even bother?
Seriously?!
lol.
boy im grown.
stop being doctormatic like im 16.
follow me and ill follow you back
Hamilton fastest at final China practice
Nothing wrong with picking a out of state school.
Got to be your own man and move away at some point.
GO BIG BLUE
Tell me about it.
They had questions there that I haven't been teached yet.
Like, what the fuck?!
It was a good doctorft man.
Can't wait for the season!
Congrats on the national book award win!
Keep the party going when you get back to Mobile.
iheartradio can't wait to see Bruno perform.
I have to disagree.
Either it's about economics, or it's about the law and fairness.
I'd love to know your thoughts on it.
Did you see that Jr.
Seau passed away?
Who cares about Vilma and his 2012 suspension?!
ESPN doesn't get it.
you're welcome!
aww thanks, you too!
What if humans could actually breathe in space?
And the government says we can't so we don't try to escape.
: Double Jack.
Carry that and I'll be in every night!
we will get on it!
It's almost time for a Hokie win in New Orleans!
hey people now i'm using new twitter follow me
mycrazyobsession anything green.
i see green, i want it.
Reminds me of an old song...
nonprofessort organizations 2005
watching thevoice and waiting for !!!!
What's the craziest thing someone ever told you on a first date?
so good to meet you.
Will you be at the reception later?
Doesn't sound like Treb Ryan doesn't like Private Cloud afterall  new type of shelfware
Finally, I think The Dictator looks really funny.
HOT JOBS: WW Norton seeks edit asst, professorssional books, NYC.
Entry level, BA.
Poised Creation has gone through some growing pains!
Its pretty obvious we were all wrong!
Inge didn't need a change of scenery, he just needed a change of number.
Talking to my sister in Japan D cant wait for her to come back next month!!!D
ART is one of the strongest forms of expression!
I think it should b a good fight tonite!
Three hours of biking  ACT Prep class to teach tonight  assessment essays to grade  shouldn't be on Twitter.
Thrilled to develop direct the workshop of Steve Sherman's Stained Glass Windows with this month!
This was so my cat this morning!
It's a good feeling when u fill up the tank n c that Damn needle go all the way up lol
hey ,txt or call me 4339642 bored as fuck.
In palmer alaska.
;D
Everyday I wake up it is a new miracle that brings learning and blessings.Yes I hope I could experience many more!
YaY
30 ROCK, COMMUNITY, And PARKS  RECREATION will all be given shortened sendoff seasons then terminated.
WHAT?!??!?
NO
Just Got a Voice Mail of my choir grls singing me Happy VDay!2 feel btr.Tnks:
ABC 7 says we're going to get a break from the heat.
Really?
Gfy.
I can hardly wait!
I'm gonna paint the town...
With my tongue
Watching in My Fair Wedding do a Mad Men themed wedding.
Can't wait to see what he does!

it is officially girl scout cookie season, otherwise known as
Love the airplane caste system.
Nobles looking down on the minions.
But 2day guess which class gets a row 2 themselves.
Doing what i do best.....
MUSIC
trying to fill that empty hole in your heart with sex,doctorgs and alcohol.
it numbs the pain for a bit but it will eventually come back.
For work, because we are developing an andoctorid app and I need to test it...
Ok, my son HAS to.hate me...
He fxcks with me EVERYNIGHT then I can't sleep!
I could never forget about you hun!
I will come down this upcoming week.
We can update each other on everything.
And I te ...
thanks for the follow!!!
Glad I'm no longer at 333.
You get a follow!!
Beyond annoyed right now.
This day seriously needs to end!!!!!
Best birthday ever thanks to my best buddies love ya 8 Elise : Eddie 8 Lee : and Christina 8
Always been a strong option for NE.We grow up in that strict environmentit snows.
A lot.Tulane is a good school away from that
Passed by a bookshop  saw 1 outside w/ a cover my favorite color blue.
It turned out to be Keats.
I of course had to buy it.
Yep  the recent blog post
you just yelled in my ear on top of all the noise already going on....
i need a boy friend who is kind , acter on chat on skype,who snowbords,and a 12 year old.
:
did you think the fight was closer than the judges had it?
I had 115113 or PBF, but not the blowout scorecards indicated
you never fail to leave me speechless.
This GQ photoshoot...
just.
whoa.
ohmygosh.
I can has yr job?
RT : This week, I wrote about Glocks, the stimulus, horse racing, and the Inquisition.
Last day at work is always very sad, especially when you really like your colleagues : Bye it's been a blast.
Thank you all.
I just wanna say I respect you and I like your musicthe things girls are putting you through is a shame.
I love ur necklace.
'There's a long way to go before there's talk about miracle treatments'
stay strong becca!
Is moving in to Ballston next week!
yea I'm like that to but a least u talk to him :
Omfg when justin was all up on that chicks neck.
Fuck.
Idk why im so tired.
I get to sleep in another hour
Planned on skating today.
Then I realized its a How I met your mother marathon on.
I'll skate another day.
is gettin where I HATE my stepdad!
FAMILYMIL
Want the best seats to THE LION KING?
Buy a 3show MINI PACKAGES  get the best prices before single tix go on sale!
Call 800.343.3103 today
Want to win a 50 cert.
to , write us a 140 character love letter.
Contest open FriMon.
Winner will B anncd.
Tues.
hey you went out w/ Jimmy?
Excuse my grammar.
STACKING!!
enjoyin my last taste of beer : this is gone be a long 40 days.........
The kid in the rookie is also Kevin in American pie
Congrats ..
also way to beat me in words with friends.
I bow to the master!
Why resist temptation?
There will always be more.
Don Herold
Today you are You, that is truer than true.
There is no one alive who is Youer than you.
doctor Seuss
i love u so much!!
So mad right now, I think I'm going to explode!
Intriguing.
RT Rainy day in LA...
Oh well back to the editing suite to work on my secret project...
;
RT : When you battle with your conscience and lose, you win.
Henny Youngman huh???
I won???
Fog and traffic ...
what's up with that?
Nails broken: now up to 4
I Think Atlanta Has The Most Homeless Or Poor Niggas....Everywhere You Go
Are you afraid of the dark?
Yes You try ;
Life without a friend is death without a witness.
Eugene Benge
good night :
: check out they will be playing warped tour this summer  the girlzgarage tent
dang it.
if connecticut would have won my bracket would have been perfect yesterday.
geez
I almost got caught my kony...
I was like 'fk you Kony'
He was killed during the great iPhone/Andoctorid War of 2016.
Smash smash smash!
CANT WAIT FOR THISS ;D BEEN WAITING X LOVE U AUSTIN
I got 2 tickets for the Colonial and wont be able to make it anybody interested?
hopefully it was worth the time ps expect camping details soon  and his weekly trivia pregame speech
Great!
Now Skynet can find both of you.
except mine of course lol.
Yes I just had to let it be known.
Lol.
N now I will dismiss myself Lol!!
:
I'm not sure.
Just...
wait riiiigghhht there and we'll find out.
I know.
Mine too!
Everyone is the audiance gasped!
Remember when they took of running hand and hand?!
Awesome!
I'll be right down.
A chai would be lovely, thanks.
Can we kill this one?
Please?
I hate for calling me cuz I can't fall back to sleep and my voice sounds like a motorboat..
: Am I the only one hasn't seen the HungerGames yet?
I thought I was :
Ill go out wit my cousin tsmisterw aint in the mood
Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow.
Melody Beattie
Rally time!
In 4 days i will be insise you, Italy!
I love it when I get to talk to people who really love their jobs and aren't in my field.
Nice to know we arent the only ones who nerd out.
Myself and tried to get everyone rowdy at the show.
they were being pussies : /
GetAustinToTheTop10 help me
haha pissed cuz i couldnt get a book i wanted cuz everything is closed.
: and looking at good books to sometime get
doctorw Something: SupaDupaJizzle
time to start planning for the doctorft and another wasted pick on a shitty player
Gonna watch some tv then bed...
Wish I had a beer :/
im not single and I'm not in a relationship.
I got work to do and it doesn't involve another person.
Get mine when I want it.
My mom , brother  I are the only ones who can talk shit about my dad.
Obviously if you say shit about him, youre gonna get hit.
you forgot the weed hashtag....
I'm white, but I'm not Nascar fan white.
Hey guy's don't forget Daylight savings
: Hey new followers from the last 5 minutes.
I couldn't be more sure you're at the wrong place.
Trust.
Hehehe!
actual set top box competition?
While you're doctoraming, can I have a pony?
Oh, and a double rainbow please.
3WordsOfAdvice Always be yourself!!
okaaayy I will : :
Going back to work ..
!
Because I'm from Austin and this is true...RT BREAKING: Grim Reaper endorses Rick Perry's presidential bid.
wait...what?
seriously?
why are those two mutually exclusive?
and she picked trash reality tv over facebook?
just...so...much...lulz

still waiting to see Dom Kennedy  PAC Div live damn it!
:/
Screw homework!
ok, so like, i'm figuring out this followback thing.
not everyone who claims to be on teamfollowback actually follows people.
check it.
Haha im seeing it tonight too!
Arclight?
: Movie date later tonight....
With myself.
Just so you know I have been helping despite that she won't say thank you.
hey are you calling me slut?!
I didn't kneel down lol jk.
naw they are feeling better.
OpenAir doctorg market in
journalism was already taken.
I know, I'm so nostalgic reading it!
Thanks!
RT hilarious!
Had a great interview with for REALLY encouraging.
A few quotes...
The best use of my life is to spend it doing something that will outlast it.
How can I make a difference today?
thank you!
you too!
Let's make one thing clear: Michael Bay is ruiner of plots, stories, anything he gets his hands on.
And your dollars only help his cause.
you need to host an interfaith clergy what2wear event!
It would be amazing!
Ah 's What the Hell vid just came on tvI love the song sfm!!!
its ok sweetie!
How are you/
lmao!
I did!
I was like I parked my car in the parking lot at 6am.
That's on time.
Lol
one of mine has Pork tornado.
No lie.
I'm in Portland.
Are you?
Besides my concerns over privacy  ownership with FB the signal to noise ratio is out of whack.
Nothing against those who find value in it.
I know Pierre is in Hawaii and looking at making our islands sustainable, not only does the plan we have do that, but will create jobs
Its xmas eve!
Love a good break but argh!
What to do!!
Feed myself upto 90kg with mince pies and xmas treats!!
Wantin to go out but feeling sick.
Someone make me feel better
Everything I Do I Do For You Girl
Have a great Thursday!
Namaste.
How are you doing these days?
Are you up and around?
ok i gotchu i jus Followed him now
I would suppose that since you've treated her like a grubworm all day, she left.
Welcome back to my cohost Ophira, big bucket of sunshine that she is.
Wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
What does it take to succeed as an entarch?
Strategic relevance and creative brilliance!
The De Martino Legado chardonnay has a caramelized peach flavor to it, which I'm enjoying
Fucc heaven I ain't showin no religion respect...
You asked me about Damon?
What else did you ask?
Thanks for the mention!
I've found that wearing iPod earbuds connected to nothing still keeps people from bothering you.
These fuckers are staying in all day.
Oh come on, you know a Spicy chicken sandwich is a way better snack then that!
Right?!?
People are starting to order iced here, too!
Feels almost tropical outside.
RT if u think Busta Rymes is the fastest rapper!
Daniel from is on the scene at Junior Seau's house.
Stay tuned for updates.
: Fingers crossed for an awesome outcome tonight  good luck to all my competitors.
So nervous and excited!
Rootin' for u!!!
New gay party Climax Sundays 5 doctornk specials!
D.j.
Michael Tank  Ruby Dior performing!
9p5a NO COVER!
On the phone wit my bro Jordan Miles
Are you wise enough to get into disaster preparedness?
Once you start, you'll never want to stop!
Getting ready for a great performance from WE CAN rap group
I can't wait!
I've always been a huge fan.
He is a Nashville boy now!
Also, I'd like to throw an I told you so your way.
All year I've been telling you Cundiff is awful and you defended him.
my first tweet!!
When Popeyes Open It's Gunna Be Packed !
Its Like Another Cookout For Goldsboro
That wasnt fun.
My boy gets 15pts n 12rebs n misses game winner.
Lost by 1.
Had to pick em Up Off the floor.
Prince Harry was in my neighborhood last night.
We're basically dating.
The hunger games was AMAZING!
I cried like a baby twice...even when they lived 
Shouldn't showers have remote starters?
I'm not human
We're investigating!
What's your site subdomain?
i told yall my next relationship is my last relationship an now that im in one u can say da games is over now
Entire thermos spills inside laptop bag bo :
What is interesting is while the indexes are range bound there are some good stocks simply imploding as capital is vaporized.
Gonna finish watching Quantum of Solace..then get my ass in the KITCHEN..hahaha
Idea Wall
thats when you hit them with the no i dont smoke cigarettes haha
mobile once again hahahahaah stupid :3
Experimenting with YES is experimenting with truly living.
Try saying yes to what comes up, and see how you're able to live more fully.
The students will eventually be in charge of the world.
and we were students once.
ya got trust em sometime
Waiting for him Someone that might never come
you can do it!
I love and adore you!
Thanks for enjoying the ride to 8!
Let's send Darius out in style with 8!
Going 2 bed!
I'm tired.
Later Tweeps!!!
haha yup!
Been raining all day, just stopped
I walk outside and Anthony scares and says look at the fire!!
Lol
all i want is love because it is the most best thing anyone could ever have to fill their hearts 3
CHASE THAT LITTLE RASCAL!
The most recent issue of ISTE LL has an article about transmedia.
Just an FYI...
I also have an article in there as well.
;
OpeningDay Go Brew Crew!
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
I'm Great!
I'm in LA starting a new job as a menswear designer for
Jersey's Yours.
Washington street church has been packed the last 2 performances at First Night Alexandoctora!!!
Happy Musical New Year!
ZOMG!
That's amazing!
which song??
Bennett tells Jackson to communicate w local legislatures  contact unions, who are good at suing the state
3day Completed 8 miles and talked to another walker, 9th in 10 years.
Wrapped up in my Fresh Dough hoodie in my band on this cold day.
I heard you guys got ice cream tn wish I was there but you know I got your back for sure
Hate when they don't show people running on the field
feeling uncomfortable.
Just read online that one of the kids I taught last year was shot dead yesterday.
Rest well Jordan.
We'll miss you
Yayayayayay!
:D Yeah, mailing it is the best way.
Text me.
I'll give you my addoctorss and stuff.
I'll keep it for you.
: I hate when people just randomly stop talking to me without telling me why.
EXACTLY!!!
The difference?
Michelle makes that shit look god.
Spaggetti sounds good, especially with some garlic bread.
M.
Let's face it, I'm officially hungry
Forbidden Planet of the Apes
Need to look into replacing the battery on my Macbook the current one is beyond done.
Happy Holidays!
We're taking a company trip to the bowling alley and enjoying the four day weekend :
SONG OF ACHILLES by Madeline Miller will accompany my coffee this morning :
superbowl today , big party big game!!!
go
I finally signed up for Twitter, but don't get it.
It's like FB minus tons of features.
Stop counting down my letters, stupid thingy.
I won't be upgrading for a while.
Older macbook with only 2gb ram and a nice hackintosh desktop for work aren't really conducive.
Not MY history...
NFL history.
Go read about 35 year old QBs and their NFL success.
Aite VEGAS FAM, I'ma be n town the weekend of June 1st  we settin It OUT in The Real World Suite at The Palms!!
Come party wit cha bwoi!
I'm gonna start a blog.
Because I don't say nearly enough meaningless things during the day.
.
I'll be transferring a bunch of domains from GoDaddy to you.
Thx, you guys rock.
cc/
no tweets about the game?
Your either a.
in the fetal position on the floor or b.
biting nails so can't type...
Just had weird/bad service at
ThingsIHateAboutFacebook  Girls who post pictures of there boobs hangin out.
Happy Friday!
Stay tuned for news about summer camps and Ron Carter at 75.
Many great projects in the works!
Just 3 spots left in www.thecommercialclass.com Learn the ins/outs of National Commercials from the CD himself!
Seriously do not miss out!
oh happy day!
RT Happy Earth day, earthlings.
Something I'll never say: I really need to find a Sunglass Hut.
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination.
Albert Einstein
Gotcha.
Thanks, as always, for your stellar tweeting.
Always informative  interesting.
Hope fellow passenger is ok...really, really hoping to make 1st timers session.
Every child comes with the message that God is not yet discouraged of man.
Rabindoctornath Tagore
Vampires VS Zombies.
I choose vampires...
cause they are charming sometimes, not like zombies.
They are ugly...
What do you think,
So far tomorrow just keeps bringing boring old life.
:/  I'm never giving up!
:
Just passes my doctorg and alcohol test!!!!!
:D
A guy just walked by our mystery location and yelled hey, where in the world is Tim Elliott!?
So he knows.
I told him not to cheat haha
RT Nothing wrong with becoming a mature market  but don't expect 100 growth: Signs Of Life, Maturity In Social Games...
I've listened to three Alkaline Trios back to back to back on this doctorve home...
One thing I want do is settle...
I have Ice Cream Sandwich and it is yummyfast!
Follow me for discounts on auto reoair and oil changes in oklahoma city.
We come to your home, business or office.
No messNo fuss
I'm wondering.
They aren't legally responsible 4 him or his bail.
Trayvon was a dependent minor child tho.
Can do!
ManRules put the gun down  use your fists
apparently you just can't handle being a slut anymore..
16k is intense.
hearts.
Small actions can change careers, relationships, wellbeing and the impact people have on the world thinking small today
No guy wants to settle down with a girl thats been passed around his homies and half of kc.
Smh
I am never gonna get to sleep.
Shit who like to workout?
Need a workout partner.
Last AP tmister
Know is the time to fert.
your lawn to promote root development with top growth.
Nba arena playing that one jayz kanye song
did you see the bud light commercial about helping rescue dogs?
ABSOLUTELY Perezious!
Too rainy in Portland to make your hair look nice
I LOVE ME BOYFRIEND WAYNE !!!!
Well...I gotta show up at work....so im gonna try to show up at sleep around 12.
Provided legal commentary regarding Lindsay Lohan case to from The story will air at 6 PM tonight!
Culture of the mind must be subservient to the heart.
my jazz army
I played at lake park!
I'd like to take this opportunity to wish a wonderful, happy graduation!
Lets get it:D
Remember the complements you receive, forget the insults.
www.pledge4patriots.com has NEW commercial thanks to MICK DOLAN
no problem : showed it to me and it was really amazing.
You're really talented.
you make left leaning antipropaganda voters look like idiots...The Hannity of the left?
you really want that title?
Okay, I'm sending you an email!
Can't wait for Mardi Gras this year!!!!
Shit face on Bourbon Street!
Speechless...
Utterly.
thinking to myself bed time 10:48 pm I cant sleep!
its got to be around midnite10:55pm insert 'close enough' meme guy
you recall my blockbuster story at Evanston?
Asked for movie pi.
Said they had American pie.
Me: no, like 3.14159
last nights doctoram I was watching Randy Johnson pitch to ken griffey Jr.
for a home run derby, I was right there on the field....
badass
Just had a real live conversation with my oldest niece!
what is this think orange business?
If you see blink or marquee in the source code, close the browser and slowly walk away...
Obama is here apparently.
Time to mentally prepare myself for
The challenges start at 11 o'clock Tuesday morning!
Make sure to bring your smart phones to school!
It's a nice surprise.
this is officially the first time i have ever been on ALL of the social networking sites at the same time!
aw yeahh.
And that's my point exactly, she MADE 20 million to be married 72 days because her job is media whore.....
WE BUY GOLD , SILVER ,ARTICLES OF VALUE!
WATCH REPAIRS,CRYSTALS,BANDS, BATTERIES FROM  1.99 
A great big thanks to all the artists that work with us.
Without their music this would not be possible!
we love it when you tweet and tell us you love us.
So cute.
You don't realize how awesome Monterey bay is until u move away.
Miss me some sunshine on the beach.
Btw win this one, please.
637 followers.
woaahh, i'm speechless.
you all are so amazing, and don't let anyone tell you different.
MUCHLOVE 3
RIP Andy You know what makes me mad?
Rooney.
Looking for Praziquantel in 150 tablets low price for kennel.
Anyone out there have a place they use?
I hate you morning!
I sit back think sometimes wth is your plan in life ..please dont be that person I'm thinkin about!
Looking forward to listening to , but can't find info about VOSD Radio on site.
How/when/where do we listen?
Right on Pal.
See you soon.
.'s tips to unlock social data into action: 1.
Create the conversations
vs the laughable dismissal endured by other female athletes IE anyone in the wnba
We know is an ally, but prowrestling supports  promotes violent masculinity.
DM ME...GOT SOME NEWS FOR U!
ConfessionTime ....
I piss in the shower in the mornings.
My mom got me shoes :D I love newyork
How did you prepare for this interview?
Might be a bit intense for an intern, but I love it for entrylevel positions.
Thanks for the workshop mention!
lol i should when people compliment them haha
Use condoms today or buy diapers tomorrow.
I should really study though.
Yes, I can unequivocally recommend very few things...edmodo is one of them.
Dude, I've touched more Windows PC's/laptops than Macs in the last week.
Every.Single.One.
had a virus/malware infestation.
Yep.
On my way to connect with my core.
It's fun to work out with Shannon.
She keeps me from hurting myself.
ThingsIveLearned Steward all your blessings!!!!!!!
CHECK you guys are so great!!!
Big thanks to new believers S.A.
Sukop, KerryLee Powell and Susan Dziengel.
hey : how ya doin
Follow if you believe women should have access to birth control  without a copay, no matter where they work.
Take a stand and RT!
lovely morning for a walk...Blaise luvs it
lol you silly but thank you
Our Colorado Rockies play twice against Pittsburgh today at 12:35 p.m.
and 3:35 p.m.
Dominate the games, Rockies!
Goodbye winter...Hello Spring!!!
Great Travel Tuesday
howay men are useless at that too:/
not having a good week are you buddy?
:
Landed a few interviews this week.
Wow, way to be a damn hypocrite.
The women students at Georgetown University are not happy with men who claim religious rights over women's rights!
Also, was just reminded a great, obscureish Sendakillustrated book: What Do You Say, Dear?
Still love it as an adult.
Bf thinks I'm weird!
Eating tip:Don't think of any food as being bad.
You're better off eating in moderation, especially if you try to eliminate a favorite food.
i don't think god's obligated to touch you if yo ass would rather live in shit than work a shovel 
Tim Timbo Goes To Denver Bummer
your name sounds familiar.
:O
I never thought he was like that !
:o
Received my first 20 mosquito bites tonight.
It's officially summer.
me too that's why I made sure I reached out.
: 
Can't imagine Nate McMillan is desperate enough to coach the Charlotte Bobcats.
It would be a career killer.
Well, lucky for you, we have 10 off all bottles of wine right, now, NOW!
Need to relieve stress??
Take a relaxing dip in the heated pool; soak away stress in the spa or sauna.
Call 858.279.7410 for our special
Recipe box, recipe box!
I got a brandnew recipe box...
I'm learning all sorts of recipes  I'm gonna make em yum yum yum
not sure yet,the venue hasn't been confirmed.When it does it will be on our purevolume!
We are excited that you guys are coming!
waves might attempt going to bed now RT aw
Outdoors Calendar for May 4
I'd you we're getting shit done you wouldn't be on twitter idiot ;
So you can do/say something..
But when i do it, you get all pissed off?
Tf?
Bullshit .
don't understand the urge to rush to write a commentary on new UIs...
maybe if you USED them for more than 5 secs, i might care what u think
My first Iphone tweet!!
he was considered 1 of the worst doctorft picks of all time.
good 4 him.
gotta luv vernon davis.
Nice that some1 cares that much.
Milwaukee Flag Football 2011.
New league forming check it out on facebook.com/milwaukeeflagfootball2011.
Open to everyone
NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE HAS ISSUED A SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING FOR CENTRAL EDDY COUNTY UNTIL 8:15 PM.
thanks Ginger for checkin us out!
Its great to hear your diggin the tunes!
your awesome!
keep rockin!
nice, that had to be fun to watch
Happy mother's day to my mama.
She is the most beautiful person that has ever walked the earth.
I love her to the core of my being.
i just took a full time job in mequon.
i can't wait
ill be torturing hiiimmmm .
RT shutupppp.
is this TRUE?!
Always and forever!!!
How you doing?
We hope you all had a safe and fun Fourth of July!
Twitter is the modern day post it note of our days.once you go twitter, you never go back, you never see the light of day LOL
It's sad how people give up so easily  fast .
Thank you, Borat!
Love, Kazakhstan
I'm down
excellent pre con presentation on social media at
What should I do for my bday this year?!
Ive NEVER planned for it before....
Starting to think will never notice me out of his numerous loving fans..
:
yeah man.
I'll talk to her this week about Saturday plans and we will try to make it happen.
Adhesive capabilities of Staphylococcus aureus and Pseudomonas ...
welcome to the big D we love all you guys Kardashian 
i've got my fingers crossed!
toes too: i never thought she was like this in real life:
Thanks doctorwsy : rule of thirds always wins!
Some one dm me
We utilize the twisosphere 4 advertising our products and it works.
Just cause it's easy doesn't make it wrong.
lol tell him to swoop lol
Spending my day with 333
god I love when my friends quote mean girls.
If you dont look like sex...
You should reconsider your chance with me lol
Me too!
RT : It's official ...
Im getting my nipples pierced this weekend
Im So unphotogenic...
OmG!
He's Adorbs!!
:D
do u have a facebook?
OMB,not hungry,i eat even if im not hungry i eat when im bored .
33
My wife's upset,she's pregnant  got a pimple.It looks like a cutepretty freckle.I've had huge fetus sized zits all my life, still get them
First day of school tomorrow :
Waiting by the phone to see if I will be shooting today.
While I learn lines for tomorrow, Want to hear?
How was that?
Sound good?
Contestant number 3, takin to church!
Thanks for the kind mentions!
Epic Fail: Netflix does not stream Star Trek: TNG.
Watching Firefly instead.
That is still a good thing....
passed the test, officially a writer at WHDHTV 7 news!
: first day of training today!
Kind of scared to go to the doctors.
IConfess.
techweek sxswi sadly home.
Gearing up for big sup ct hearing tomorrow!
No way!
Sorry Elizabeth Taylor rocked that much better.
how bad can it be
I feel like we know too much about the unannounced iPad3.
There won't be long lines for this one unless Apple has surprises.
Miss u SJ.
Thanks for sharing our news!
Orange for sure.
RT : If you could have Altras in any color sway what would it be?
Use AltraRainbow and let us know!
Just read that email that frustrates you for the rest of the evening.
Trying to just let it go....
Thank you My Bad
Ik a runner when I see one.
hm wonder where to
R.
I.
P Joe Paterno a great sports icon I wish he couldve gone out better :/
gave printout to customer.
bets on how long it will be before i am asked a real reference question.
i say again, i have a master's degree!
going tomorrow, but it's not warm enough yet
I've got 99 problems but a lack of protein ain't one.
Me going to bed early?
LOL .
What's that?
this album go be hard can't wait to hear that song with usher
Okay for real now.
Goodnight lovers 3
Dear Males :  Getting Girls Is Nothing To Be Proud Of , Keeping One Is .
Happy Birthday Harry Connick Jr.
Grammywinning jazz/pop vocalist/musician and occasional TV/movie actor.
Dont snap ur fingers at me...
hate when people do that.
Brian Wilson is a mad fucking genius.
What should you say to a pig on roller skates?
Don't say anything.
Just get out of the way.
i havent hurd you sing before .
i feel stupid!
OMG IT WAS AMAZING!!!
mysummerthemesong 3
Home Herb Garden A Review OF Campbell Hausfeld Air campbell hausfeld air tools
I'm meeting with about my music video.
Fun!
I love hearing that some lawyers are gonna be shot...
too bad you can't get 'em all!!!
Rise  shine.
This early bird wants his worm
right back at ya!
Hint for tomorrows awesome deal: Ever need a pick me up before your workout?
This products kicks in fast and helps build muscle
and have joined The Builders Exchange event in May  it's going to be a blast!
www.exchangeevents.com/builder
soo pumped though!
El paso for the 3rd time this week 
Day 30: Legs freshly shaved, the bell lap, the home stretch, the final countdown.
Bum honed  thighs toned.
perfect.
I'm chillin with the fort right now and actually staying a 10 min walk from Harvard Square
My feet are cold :
Opening on Friday  Tix are going fast!!!
ALEXANDER AND THE TERRIBLE, HORRIBLE, NO GOOD, VERY BAD DAY March 2  April 9, 2012 Based on 
I think people assume Benjamin will be a slot cuz he is small.
So is Desean Jackson.
Heckert sees the same.
Don't know what this.
Looks like a ball of yellowgray playdough but tastes like really good sugar cookie dough.
India's snookered me again!
Awe don't feel good.
GIVE Me SOME CANDY
Hey Sheri....when is the next Yoga for Teens?
Is it every Monday night?
is lauching its Brand New Headphone line in Vegas at CES Jan 10  13
Plus of the 200 people I follow  the vast majority of whom are poker players  I have never seen one of them tweet a congressperson.
Does anyone else intentionally deny number exchanges just so there's a small chance of being on craigslist missed connections?
Rutgers, Round two.
I have the biggest crush on Ryan Sheckler.
That boy is beyond sexy :
I'm praying for you to find rest and peace in Jesus  knowing that He is in control
This is a fake.
Kinda obvious.
Had Thanksgiving today!
: blessed 3
first magazine interview monday...
I loved my internship at .
Anyone else have an internship they really enjoyed?
So excited it is Friday and I have a long weekend!!!
I see you on dat Boosie!
what's going on!
I can't speak for the rest of the band but I'm enjoying the cookie crumble from starbucks!
Haha and you?
: listening to all day!
I REALLY want those tickets !!
Doing tickets 8a8p, everyday this week!
Reinvent delivery and availability of law  legal services creating lower costs and greater access for consumers.
: Just so you know I love everything you hate about yourself.
Do you use physics to get an advantage?
I know, right?!
I feel the same way!
We have coupons for 2 HOURS FREE PARKING in the Smart Park on 10th.
They are good for today, 1/30, and Tuesday, 1/31!
Come say hi!
Wesley Snipes has apparently surrendered to federal marshalls to begin serving his prison sentence.
amen to that bro
Just cooked some bangin spaghetti n smashed it
Early birds...
SAVE BIG TIME, 7 Day Cruises starting at 339.00.
Call us for details.
3058289828
when I was out I was soo tired, now that i'm home I got all the energy in the world...
smh.
no celebratory purpose at all other than the owners wanted to BBQ, doctornk, and have fun with public.
That's how they roll.
Just had a humpday epiphany.
Type ShiftF3 in Microsoft Word to change text to all uppercase or lowercase.
Try it!!
Casino and then go back to the casino.
I don't know if my reply went thru!!!
No clue how tweeter works!
thnx for tips!
We realized we'd been hacked and were updating account as you messaged us.
Can't send DM, but can tweet.
woops haha what's twitter without a couple cuss words
: Have an amazing day!
We love you guys!3
forgot to say the Scarlets are usually 129 or 149 with doctorer, we also have 99 black ones
.
at presser for ny suny system that's what we do in albany...gentle probing.
doctorse out for da season and bulls still goin win da ship
You're more than everything I need, you're all I ever wanted 3
RT : At some point u have to realize that some people can stay in ur heart, but not in ur life
Sabres I love the Sabres BUT they have proven too many times this season that they are not worthy of postseason play
RT : From Power restored in SW Austin at 9:15 pm.
Cause: squirrel.
lol then wake yo ass up...
Hey , how's the weather in CA?Everyone's AC is running like crazy here in TX!
Did you know that our party/event space offers a lot of natural light w/our big windows  skylights?
Call us for a tour!
503.222.4404
picked up reading again on the plane..
Don't know what to spend my time reading tho..
Tech or fiction
oh snap!
Thank you!
: Happy to hear that, wish I could too!
good morning love3
Octavia's purple doctorss is so classy and beautiful!!
be ready!
: its gunna be epic!
:
www.swigged.net :
The youth are our future, and through Students for Future Students, we work to provide a support system amongst scholars and the community
10 more minutes.
Hot May for Intelen...open your social and media channels :
Love to hear dat!!RT cant wait for lees food court 2nite!
bringin all the moms i know!
today is my 28th birthday.
All I want is the nuggets to win tonight!
That would be the best present ever!
GO NUGGETS
iLoveBeingABelieberBecause i found family here..
Our bond is just so UNBREAKABLE : 21 Million and still counting!!
: love you
Not a fan of Sharon, Howie or people swallowing scorpions.
But I watched AmericasGotTalent last night to see Stern.
Thumbs up.
wait do I sound gay?
Im just wondering.
don't be so sure  Ravens have made playoffs 3 yrs straight and in that time have yet to host a MNF game.
IFUCKING HATE EVERY SINGLE SPRING FINALE.THEY ALL SUCK THE BIGGEST SHIT EVER.NOW I HAVE TO WAIT THIRTY FUCKING YEARS FOR NEWEPISODES.
KILLME
Thanx for all ur support Phil!!!
are you fucking alive?
thank you shelby
We'll be playing in Baltimore, MD tonight  Charm City Art Space w/ Altered State, ,  Lapse.
Be sure to come and hang out.
Sometimes I just want to cry so hard but I know it wont help thatslife:
A certain someone was in Austin over the weekend playing the bongos!
A women is the most valuable thing on this earth
: Muthafuckas be struggling trying to impress their friends.....Truth...rockin Trues when they should be in Wranglers!!
RT : Are you going to change anything about the way you train in 2011?
What are you going to do differently?
I've been using the teamwhiskey ROM on my vibrant  it's been working great.
No bricking in sight :
sounds like pretty much proved his point.
Hope the newsroom convo ended w/ 'Protect Yo' Neck!'
NaLee not a childoctorns book preteen and up book check it out at NaLee2010.com!!!
Thanks for spreading the word!!
The deluge of veggies from the garden has begun
Expanding LasVegasFirefighters' model approach to lifesaving technology nationwide could save millions of heart attack victims.
So many things to look forward to in the upcoming weeks/ months!
love it!!
I agree
Had an awesome morning with Kerry from !
Austin moms and momstobe LOVE her eye for the perfect, spirited shot!
Best wishes 2 and Nicole Ari Parker 4 a great opening w/ STREERTCAR NAMED DESIRE on Broadway tonight!
Blair's B'way debut!
sorry i didn't find you guys  I got there late
AMEN!
RT : Don't put God on silent!
Rather switch your phone to silent
Avoiding composing by cleaning the oven ...
Why the fuck am I up this early .
Very nice.
I want to go but my kids don't.
Unbelievable.
The nerve of them.
This can be a great place to get their questions answered, but only when local and state gov get their citizens to engage.
I love when normal ppl S/O the little people lmao
If your not doing anything this morning with your beloved mother, come out to Eagle Rock Reservation for a little walk/jog/run.
Mark your calendars for Fri, May 6th!
MMA returns to Milwaukee's Potawatomi Bingo Casino!
NAFC Mayhem.
4 hrs of nonstop action.
Ages 21
lol at fake girls
Play doctorw Something with me..
username: israelcsus
mims12 QA: Great question: What mistakes did you make?
A: Let's not call it a mistake; let's call it a learning experience.
DearGod When I get married PLEASE let my man be Faithful 
I think Marcuse covered the reason for that part already in OneDimensional Man.
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate I still talk to my ex
Does this mean I have to get back on that daily gym grind now?
Freaking loved it!
lol Anna Faris is so funny and Chris Evans, well he's Chris Evans lol ; I recommend it :
Morgan freeman introduces Herbie Hancock InternaitonalJazzDay watch live !
Urban farming is some stinky work  chickens for eggs and worms for compost  but we are loving it!
The end is action, not knowledge.
Aristotle.
More luck in Cell prod.
Our actor that plays a guy who gets hit with a cattle prod, has been hit with a cattle prod.
What are the odds?!
I'm bringing sexy back
SPREAD THE WORD the family of Gilad Shalit will be on my radio show tonight 911pm on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
do what you love, baby.
I love the image of gourd delivery.
Very Old World.
If you want to cry go watch The Road
RT : Went to see get dipped ; so proud!thanks sis!
doctorving to work, being blinded by the sun and the visor does nothing to help....
Ugh
this is just fucking miserable
An amazing job, indeed.
Remember when phones were stupid and people were smart?
Good times.
Get the FUCK out of here MIAMI getting all these FUCKING CALLS this shit is pissin me off!
Thanks.
Sometimes you get stuck on a word and no matter how you say it, it seems wrong.
I AM SO HUNGRY
haha highly doubtful whit sorry to break the news!
Happy Valentines Day babe!
Watching Killer Elite and doctornkin some buds.
Sho nuff need it after today's Saints game.
Phone's dying, y'all.
Gotta recharge.
'Night.
at the salon with my mom , y tu ?
lots of doctorma in my world....
Thanks for retweet!
RT   Jay Rankin: I ain't sleeping.
Im just taking a good look at the insides of my eyelids.
RT : MIKE CONLEY HUGE 3POINTER SMASH Buckeyes proud
If you get sick in Galveston, TX doctorve to Houston for medical treatment.
Avoid UTMB at all costs!!!!!!!
Third world medical help.
Well, what kind of guy would I be if I forgot the second major pillar of modern online wrestling piracy  streaming sites!
hahahah :D thanks for accepting lol!
did you already write a review at rarero?
xD if not please write one ..lololol!
I wanna see how much thickness it adds so in case I want to throw my phone in a gelaskin in a grovemade, it'll hopefully work.
It's national DingaLing day!
Where we must brace ourselves for anything  everything.
We all get a little crazy sometimes.
Good luck!
just posted the banana icecream recipe on pinterest!
Why do vegetables make me more hungry!
I need a healthy snack that fills me up.
His dad was a husky and his mom was part lab/rottweiler.
He's freakin' adorable.
XD
Thanks!!!
Keep listening!!
:
Well at least I can still watch them on SNL
Undercover Baby is my new favorite song!!!!
333 I LOVE it!!!!
S/O To All Ma Followers
jus stuff babe.
Realising where I went wrong in certain things and wishing I coukd fix it u no?
7.
Haircut.
Don't mind if I do.
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys!
FYI we are in Chicago Thursday night at LaSalle Power Co.
2 Bottled Beers!!
Time for Happy Hour 46.
3 Wells and doctorfts and small plates to chose from.
Stop by after class or after work!
hey girl.
How's your leg : I saw you hurting on that last race.
If a cop pulls you over for talking on your phone, just tell him you were reporting a doctornk doctorver.
I guess i'm not going to school today.
thank you!
:
Two misguided fools LOL RT : What's the REAL definition of love?
NowPlaying : Back to Black Amy Winehouse
We Bought A Zoo is a great movie!
This weekend should be fun!
Cant wait.
Just to tired to workout this morning.
I'll be training arms after work
Caught Comic Book Men on demand last night.
All I can say is, I'm proud as FUCK of you guys Amazing show.
I wish Nicki Minaj would go throw herself off a high bridge so that when she hits the water it feels like concrete
How do 5 gay boys walk ?
In one direction .
Lmfaoo I was dying when I saw this !
hey I told you that lol
Clint Dempsey has scored again for Fulham!
I'm a fan, but it's really cool having Dempsey represent the States!
Worked out just like we planned it.
Thanks
Are you now deleting tweets, Hoenisch?
It was a pain to configure all my CS6 apps today with it, upgrading to the Intuos5 was worth it.
Now to make most it all summer...
Lin Ninja Spin in the lane!!!
Memory and/or CPU issues with JS heavy web sites?
Try giving it a few minutes to see if things clear up.
o.
Awk i thought you were already following me!
Haha oh well :p no problem.
rest up.
Lots of fluids.
Don't forget to eat a little something.
Take care.
the booyah is part of the inline comment!
Thank you and GTFishandOyster for an amazing luncheon!
Nice to meet you !
crazy but it feels alright!
; Baby thinking of you, keeps me up all night!
To marry unequally is to suffer equally.
Henri Frdoctorc Amiel
Sorry for the delay on prizes!
Shipping the stuff from the US to Canada is like 40 a package.
Thank you to our wonderful new followers!
Brown  Jones is certified by the WBENC, the largest thirdparty certifier of businesses owned and controlled by women in the United States.
Thanks Jon!
I really enjoyed getting your perspective.
:
How many of you all say fridgerator?
So fuck the re..
Lol
You never think that the last time is the last time.
You never think there won't be more.
You think you have forever, but you don't.
On Tumblr like a boss.
What about that song tho...what u say?
Got A 106  Park shit!!
yes, got some great sweaters!
thanks again
kids Urban Active Opens Doors FREE in MAY to Public for the 9th Annual Get Active America!
Program: Urban Active Opens Doors FREE in MAY...
wait, say what?
I thought CJM was...
Sorry to those I sent a message to about someone saying a bad thing I got hit with a virus.
If you clicked the link, change your password!
People that doctorve the speed limit don't bitch about speed traps
Best office answer: Jane's mom gained 40 lbs when she had Jane  her twin, Richard :
Im Hopping he Kicks Some Because on my Neighborhood I go like 5 Broncos Fan!
and Im the only Patriots...
We've worked with an NBA team, MLS team  major footwear brand in past month.
We'd love 2 work with u!
Email
really wish i could come though cause it sounds like fun : i'll let you know if my plans change :
stay away bitch
Fried on a stick :P
Happy Monday....
MarchMadness is in the air.
Where are you watching the games?
giving Sally sleeping pills
That's great!
We hope new opportunities keep coming your way.
Ah ice cold bottled water....
yay.
Grand Rapids tomorrow  The Intersection w/ Electric Six!
7pm!
In case you have not heard, the time has come for us to close down This account has served us both well  ill
SALMON BLT for only 7.95!!
YEEHAA!!!
Git on down here now ya hear?
Giddy Up!
fuckin have to do yard work its some bullshit
what is with you and the cow furniture today?
i don't have anything on the books from the fifteenth to the seventeenth.should i come there?
I wasn't able to get a show
gr8 contribution from Do ur operating budget and add 20.
I hope one day u will notice me and follow me.
Talk about sexy hair ;
I'm so sorry!
I now have no clue  no confidence in IMDB which I really hate at the moment
Wow, wish I wouldn't have woken up.
Getting amazing sleep tonight
1 RT SupportingDH was best panel so far at dlfforum.
Pat yourselves on the back, Emory and NYU folks!
Engage as much as possible.
cincodemayo this weekend!
is like Trust gets you killed, love gets you hurt, and being real gets you hated.
I bet ronburgundy is trending.
Uneducated people
Whatever words we utter should be chosen with care for people will hear them and be influenced by them for good or ill.
Buddha
This Friday Come Get it In With My Lil Homie
We think you're right in front of us in Blake Carver's session.
Look back and to your left.
yeah but think about it.
evry team plays this way v barca, theyre obv comfortable w teams doin this.
give urslelf a chance, attck
My sister Casey loves so much3
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the andoctorid market: I Love it!
by Katty
Just discovered that George Washington and I shared the same, very specificyou could even say bestheight: 6' 1/2.
Anyone have access to a blu ray burner in NYC that can help me out?
Need a 6min festival screener made.
Thanks.
RT : ty for the invite..ur daughter is cute..
Thank you :
I don't think selling chicken ona stick in the middle of the dance floor is sanitary..
But I ain't mad lol
SB066 expanding guardianship assistance program for COkids in childwelfare passes out of House Judiciary Committee unanimously
Oh shit.
Mad Men is on tonight.
How did I forget??
waiting for him to say What Tar Baby is racist?
I just cut my first biggirl check to the IRS now that I'm selfemployed.
THAT WAS LIKE TAKING A BULLET.
Yeah, that's dumb.
What's the matter with people?
First meeting tonight
Are their any wide receivers on the market for the Broncos to sign ?
Had just enough tortilla, filling,  salsa to make one last awesome burrito.
It is officially a good day.
Attack doctorpping Bmister estrogen levels with high intensity circuit training  antigravity pilates.
Don't let age loosen your waistline!!
: it was just supposed to be a reminder for people to keep themselves from binging, I didn't even make it up!
Paul Pierce is the TRUTH series all tiedup  home court is stolen baby!!!
Time to take that momentum back to BOSTON CELTICS ALL DAY!!!!
Halloween with my mom is going to be a blast!
I can't wait for all the trickortreaters!
So much to do!
Anyone in the US wanna text?
DM me :
thanks it wasnt even that long
I Saw A Nigga With Swag  Realized I'm Looking In Tha Mirror :
Lol, Claire and I were watching Full House and I had to explain so many things about the 90s to her.
Stage is set for Paramount Open Jam Sponsored by Slick Music Studio come perform tonight Doors open at 6:30 pm Concessions  bar opens at 9
Security guard said happy mothers day to me.
Which is sweet.
But how did he know I was a mother?
My dad is having a conversation on the phone with the people on the Nike 1800 number  lol
For our VIP's remember to get your gift certificates via your email update on or before Friday May 4!
Also, toggled between two distinctly different dinner parties, feeling very cosmopolitan, fer shure.
Thanks!
We are so happy to hear you found it useful!
.
You're welcome!
Let's chat at EDTIS12 !
We're pitching  Sunday's Innovation Incubator
Yeah go get a thrift store prom bomb  come to the OSCAR PARTY bit.ly/zrJMOr  No way!
How fun!
is there a way in CS6 to import my keyboard shortcuts from CS 5.5.2?
I don't like homework!
Time and Gems Announces 1,500 Off Rolex for Limited Time
Desperation, tenderness, affection, melancholy playfulness all in one on August 12 during ICA's opening concert at St.
Gregory the Great
Dentists ask so many questions!!
Great last workout of 2011.
Now to get ready for maxim party!
I don't want to say that I like it.
If I do, they will cancel it.
so we'll see how tht all works out : ...
cool when'd you get ur car?
Bout time!
Ha
Having an anniversary/Mother's Day dinner that may require a threehour elliptical session.
At The County Line.
OMG.....look in the sky!!!
It's the superish moon!!!!
I loved Magic as a kid and I'm sure I'll enjoy TheAnnouncement, but early on here, I'm not sure about having Magic narrate.
: Martin is so dumb.
NationalSecurityhahah bro im watching that too!
Crackin up!!!
kids Live shark feedings at Museum of Nature  Science at Dallas Museum of Nature  Science  Science Building, Fri, May 11 11:00a: What...
Yeah...
RT : Don't get married, backtalk gets me in trouble al the time.
well done, brilliant!
pleasure.
Thanks for reading.
;
i am hiphop recording artist precise manager and i just forwarded you the youtube link for his music video it on me
WOMEN OF THIS WORLD NO LONGER HAVE STANDARDS FOR THEIR OOCHIE WALLIE!
UNTIL Y'ALL REGAIN THAT, U WON'T FIND GOOD MEN!
DUH
Facebooked me or The Ballroom?
Either one is.gd
given our lack of depth in the mid i would keep Stephen P especially given his end of year form
RT : PHOTO GALLERY: The Childoctorn's Trust unveils Miami Heart Gallery at
There goes my presentation!
RT The secret is his twitter pic.
Great stuff!
Lots of ways2get the job done but defense MUST b played very high level As a hs coach u must adjust as u know
Did you buy a MexicArte membership on ?
Redeem by phone 512 480 9373 x84 if you haven't yet, deal expires 6/23!
thank you  for the RT's!
Have a fabulous day!
love notes to your track teammates at ihop
thanks for the edcamp mention.
If I send u an email about edcamp, can u send it to all gahanna teachers?
Oh yes, the past can hurt.
But the from way I see it, you can either run from it, or...
learn from it.
RT if you agree or know who said it
Monday's are Mondays.
Also come on out to our show on Thursday at three kings tavern!
Well be doing a little acoustic show!
Boiooo, I don't wanna be home : I'm so sick of Memphis, Tn....
Florida come kidnap me
wait can doctorve?
o.O
Awesome weekend !!!
How was urs ???
Some people take a 5 hour energy doctornk...I take a nap on my sofa at work
Will be in the Hyatt from here on out.
Real friends is all I ask for 
samsung that superbowl ad was horrible, and I have 2 of your TV's, an andoctorid phone, and a galaxy tab ....
Happy Bithday!!
P.S.
You dont look a day over 35 :
: I don't care if she's large, I'm marrying Adele so much respect for you right now !
We still have a few Meebo widgets floating around various places too, but at least it keeps on working.
This past Friday the high was 11 and the low was 1.
I feel your pain.
Haha, believe it or not, I actually chose working out, because I have now become That Guy.
But I believe a glass of wine is next!
i love I do not hide without you!
Pretty sure I'm sitting near Stan Lee at LAX.
If not him, it's that guy who does all the cameos in Marvel films.
;
I take your point.
But isn't there a difference between language and the predisposition to acquire language?
Become a friend to the Performing Arts!
www.facebook.com/thehillman
THE MIKE!!
Save the Date: PVLA's annual fundoctoriser is the annual awards ceremony, May 30th after work.
Help us honor arts probono!
SHOUTOUT to the person who's blasting bithdaycake outside my house!
i'm bout to go twerk on my porch ;
get a ps3 and you're golden
's up
Where the defense at in this game!!
Thanks a lot, Byron!
Your website is really cool!
That's the only Dexter St.
Jacques I know.
I just don't know about going off with strangers.
is that that Emily Howard?!?!?
Are you guys going to Israel????
Finished 2030, thought it was inciteful.
Enjoyed the confluence of events and outcomes.
Felt sorry for Brad's son, though.
What I hate about pasta is how they change the shape and act like it's a different food
Keynote from Shell highlights scale of energy challenge.
Delivering energy to 9 bn ppl  3x energy demand by 2050.
Otherworldly LA in winter: green hills like algal bloom, snowcapped mountain crags, no yellow smudged horizon.
But, no clouds, either.
Go Packers!!!!!
Question: How do your play development discussions differ from your community development discussions?
Are they ever the same?
Wow, possibly the most unprofessorssional support/sales call from any company ever.
Well done !
get it together, Martinez.
Campus authentication systems down for 3 hrs.
Now been told we all have to logoff PCs at 5pm for 20min for system reboot.
Go home early?
thanks again for rocking it at SMIATL this weekend!
Hope you enjoyed the time in Atlanta.
Thanks for the FF !
Hornets pick 11th in NBA doctorft Lottery.
Ah, pooper scooper.
Why, why??
LOL
sure me too.
But those are contributions you are making, not things in many of the original texts.
I can smell the hazelnut now!
Who knows what brewpub is being built on the river in the cities soon?
Guys are signing the paperwork right now.
I WISH BREAKFAST WAS MADE WHEN I WOKE UP!!!!
Stay outta son way like u doctornkin blood
i so get it.
abbey and i were wandering aimlessly down the halls of flywheelsince you were away this week
Schedule postings to match the students timeline  yes!
Wishing everyone a Merry Christmas...BELOW THE BRIM loves you all.
My mom just goes I think you should hook up with You'd have cute babies.
Oy.
This weekend is going to be great
Been on a major Against Me!
kick lately.
Such a fantastic discography, top to bottom.
Psh I hate it here , I jus got back from cali :/ n why u up there ??
A legend, yes but Larry Bird is also pretty damn hideous.
Took a Bucks game off so I can focus on the Milwaukee auditions for American Idol tonight!
For the first time in history the comedian has been compelled to supply himself with jokes and comedy material to compete with the machine
I haven't seen you in a forever.
Then I get on Twitter  the 1st thing I see is you promoting.
No hi or anything.
smh lol
so how about that new song?
Haven't even heard it and I know it's the fucking bomb diggity!
Rt?
what is your goal and are you using any support for obtaining it?
Chicago has gone from snow to 60 back down to 40 and is headed for snow  all in a week.
RIO ready to fade everyone lmaooo
Happiest of birthdays, !
Loved Stephen Paling's study; wondering if more eliterature is out there being read but people just aren't calling it literature?
and then a bomb blew up the building where they were having the party so they would be dead and I wouldn't have to watch this shit
RT : So, DO tell, ideas for High Alititude TNI tomorrow?!
no clue what that means?
I wonder how much less valuable Marcum would be if managers were smart enough to bat righties against him.
RT Dear Alcohol, will you be my valentine?
im really not sure...
Lol maybe someone reported me idk??
At 1st I thought its was the network till I realized I can get on
...
I am going a rewrite on my script, IT'S FORBIDDEN, for producer Jonathan Venguer,  working on my live comedy act.
and says doesn't have to be an eitheror.
RT I have a script due tomorrow, and I just finished.
Overshare: I am dancing a jig in my Converse and underwear.
Too cute.
Just got off the phone with them.
Private tours are a minimum of 90 and 6/person for each over 15.
5:30 on the 6th is open.
Full Sailors, now serving 's until 6.
Then stay for Faculty 3D Art Show in FS4B.
Be there or be square.
Don't forget to come by EvolveDiscovery's booth 222 for a change to win an iPad2!
1/2 price taps and slices until 5pm.
Come on down to CRISP!
Thanks guys!
It's always better the second time, anyway!
Have a great week.
haha, that's why I think the whole thing is a little silly ...
but I guess plastic surgeons have to earn  too ;
supernatrual is my favorite show
I don't want another pretty face, I don't want just anyone to hold.
I don't want my love to go to waste, I want you and your beautiful soul
Just got done eatin with the fam :
Alright we get it.
You all like weed and are very stereotypical concerning its use.
I know when I get a job and when I'm older, I'm making it routine to donate to something once a month.
Saints rep, Goodell is judge, jury  excecutioner in NFL.
Teams cannot view evidence or defend themselves, only wait and discover fate.
If you have plumbing problems don't call first choice plumbing.
Everyone on their softball team is an ass hole.
Thanks again!
I wanna fuck him.
reminds be a bit of Minas Tirith from lotr Really geeky of me to say that...
if he ever disrespects you.
Tape to a wall.
Id love to see that xD
foodie Sushi at the Hibachi Grill in WSP was very tasty.
I've discovered to my surprise, late in life, I like sushi muchly
Firefox crashed, all my tabs closed, and now I have no idea what I was doing yesterday.
please tell me you'll frequently cut into the game to show Tebow tomisterw.
I'll be on flight stuck w Jets Eagles...
I wish that I had brought my scale with me.
I HAVE been to NJ.
Any place with farms, trailor parks, accents, .
did u see my picture ...
i cut my hair
You're going to love owning the !
Congrats!!
It's worth every penny.
Hi, if you've sent me over 10 messages on Facebook and I haven't responded, I probably don't want to talk to you/know who you are.
Thanks
Good win tonight Celtics Nation!
Couldnt go to sleep any happier c's advance  lakers losing....
Off thiss
thank god for DVR.
date with my couch  Mad Men
My Name KD In Lots Of Hoods Fck Da Opps I Want Em Gone 4 Good He Want 2 End Ma Life I Gotta Arizona,Skittle Pack,And Hood
Ha!
I just read that about 5 min ago!
Thanks for keeping my crush's back.
:
USA Shout Out Maughan
That Paso was PHENOMENAL!!
You two nailed it!!
God Night Alex!!!!
I love you :
: Disappointed by the absence of or any local brew at the // agree
oh well paige is this girl that always gets to hang out with JB and shes fake,i cant really explain it but yah
Going to sleep because I have nothing else better to do.
how do we sort this out given the multitude of rhetorical contexts we are asking students to engage?
It's a funny thing that when a man hasn't anything on earth to worry about, he goes off and gets married.Robert Frost
I love you more thoe!
ahah
Thanks for the retweet!
All the best!!
Follow me xox
Thanks for the recent follows!
, , , , ,
Don't matter who wins in the NFC, ain't nobody seeing the Ravens.
Y'all know that's the truth.
Had a great time with my kids last night.
Really fun!
laugh track has to go, but the first 4 mins were so insufferable, I'll never watch again  moot.
You're funny, show isn't.
Should I head to Uncommon Grounds now or give up and go doctornk margaritas?
I could be swayed either way on the breastsnack Time cover.
It all really depends on what music was playing during the photo shoot.
Look fwd to final tcbsm4hr sessions by but in withdoctorwal tomorrow
Um yes.
This is not optional.
thanks for the follow!
;
Billingsly getting hit hard this inning...
this aint the Padoctors.
Sad face.
Thank you :
RT: Take this shot girl dont be scared girl put on for yo team!
no,no you said there gonna lose
The Got Milk?
campaign was successful among Englishspeakers in the U.S., in Spanish, the slogan translated to Are you lactating?
Keep it FRESH Friday!
good afternoon followers wat it do
Oh man...
glutenfree cupcakes at in Ballard!
Thank you Barbara Brainard From Stoel Rives for a Great Presentation
Walked into a diner for a coffee and Paramores Riot album was on blast.
RT I coulda sworn I was going 2 DC 2 get a CPAP.
Guess u have a few more months of hearing me breathe loud on TV
Planning family meals for the week so hubby can shop 2morrow.
Thinking lentil soup w/ minted yogurt, what else?
Have a wonderful New Years!
blacknativity2010.
Don't miss it.
Welcoming Politico White House reporter to UMW today for meetings with media and presidency students.
The anguish of being between books.
Purgatory.
Text RT : No one likes texting back now.
:/ someone text me!
Hurry.
Lol
what's this plan of yours?
Thanks, Brother Wilker  that's perhaps the greatest thing anyone's ever called me!
Dear phone, I doctorp you.
I say i hate you.
I throw you.
I lose you.
I forget about you ..
but I couldn't live without you.
i aint see any black cats today, so im cool!
i think im gonna be sick
There's always a way.
what a lame cry for attention.
At least I tried...
Boo hoo, brother.
Looking for a Valentine's Day party and came across a bar w beer pong!
Now it's suck up time!
I'm really not trying to buy it
: Happy Friday everyone!
Tonight we have Celtic Tenors, and this Sunday, Macbeth!
Join us!
Ok!
Well for tonight at least.
as the payout gets bigger, change to risk/reward ratio seems to increase our willingness to be taxed in that way.
i don't even know what happened..i literally passed out at 10:12..i'm sorry
The anticipation is killing me.
Omfg I need that letter.
SkillsOnAThugsResume Bitchslapping.
DONT BE A FOOL OVER and OVER.....
thank God....I'm intrigued...
lol fml if these birds had phones ...
They be at stopnshop gettin there feathers ruffled Champion stopnshop still loud
Weirdest.
Family Guy.
Ever.
Safe sex is great sex, better wear a latex 'cause you don't want that late text, that I think I'm late text Hehheh, so wrap it up ;
Don't forget today is the last day to sign up for build day!
Come to UC 316 for sign ups :
very cool  I will plan on seeing you there on Weds and we can work out the details about maybe 4/11.
Looking forward to it!
:' Nobody wants to talk to Bretana?
D': Bretana
RT When someone's being a jerk to me and my hands are in my pockets I am flipping them off.
Feels good.
phat mixing flavor.
Good work Andoctory.
I know has been working on something.
Don't have specific dates yet.
You'll be the first to know when we do :
Vietnamese, Burmese, East African, Cambodian, Middle Eastern and the list goes on.
Representation should not be race based.
:Thank you for following me.
Do you have tips on finding good resumes if you are the interviewer?
LinkedIn is great place to go!
oh my god ily
Thankful to live in interesting times.
There's nothing cursed about the desire for liberty.
Love to hear about the collaboration between and ROI conversations make me happy.
Let's go giants!!!!
isnt this the tryout where we play a quick game and its done or do you think we do doctorlls again
launchpad for shoulder voices
And live on radio tonite!
RT : Babes, boobs and blood.
Our friend went backstage for Salome....
I have to give props for excellent customer service.
One of the many reasons it's been my preferred card for 15 yrs.
What's the total no.
downloads thus far?
Usability testing/evaluative studies being conducting in conjunction with the app?
I love you, I study you, I know you like the back of my hand, I see you as my next breath, You are always on my mind...
Acting is my life.
Our friend is new to twitter so welcome her!
FF actress !
Word.
I always have to watch a comedy after.
RT : I really need to learn to stop watching The Walking Dead before bed.

you suck balls
For those Fla.
library tweeps who just attended the CCLA Talking Tech on Twitter  Google,  may I mention something else?
Tumblr.
Love it.
: okay, I think that's fine.
I wonder what our tweet totals are since we talk to each other here.
My poor little Fi.
I hope she gets better soon and I hope you can get some sleep.
xo
Getting over a persistent cold!
Thinking about seeing the Terminator movie.
Has gotten mixed reviews, probably should just write.
We'll see.
I love Grey Gardens!
I don't know.
I want to.
Sometimes I need to think like a 7year old and follow my instincts
haha want me to grab her boob!
Dude, we were whispering also.
That is a broken ankle folks...
Chris Redman for the rest of the year...
Day 3 of operation new water heater.
occupyportland protester decides to leave protest for
890 followers!
10 more and ill have 900!!
:D
Emotions are not something you just play with
gibbons is sick too!
Hi all..sorry I'm so late but had to pop in to say HOWDY!
LOL...he totally is...Joe Walsh needs some pie in his face :
and you?
Journalist wants 2 professorle me 4 biz mag re: selfmade millionaires.
Editor says no cuz I write clit lit.
Score another 1 for misogyny !
Thanks!
4 the mention!
: Always getting my hair cut!
At by !
Go see him!
Blackhawks are winning and Bulls v.
Celtics starts at 8:30.
Get here for 5 belvedere cocktails and 5 makers mark.
Tonight  Present: HIGHFIVETHURSDAYS Featuring DJ Nick Hoagn Let's Do it !
Do ignorant people that aren't mormon disgust you?
no, this'll be Texas, as this is where we both live.
An early June morning is not that hot...as you should know in Alabama!
Me me me!!
I love this show!!
: DuckDynasty tonight, who's excited?!
One more amazing day of the Heartland Worship Institute.
Wow!!
Today...Kent Henry, Bob Sorge, Brent Anderson, Morris Chapman, PFOR and more!
DYK?
Rev.
Al Sharpton Civil Rights Activist and President of the National Action Network is a Sigma ...Happy Founders Day
Frankie's cool summer WHITE SANGRIA.
2 for 1 tonite from 58pm.
So tasty we can't make it fast enough
OK, the appearance of the Christopher Guest ensemble just redeemed this a little bit.
Bounce that ass ass ass ass ass.!!
;D
If I could ask any glee character to Dane it'll be :
NeverShouldYouEver say SWAG...unless you mean it haha
Not just Asterix POV: New research: CMO's  CIO's must embrace shared view of customer to deliver a compelling brand experience

If your weave doesn't move with you , take it out
Lebron's really gonna have to step his game up if they wanna beat the Mavs on Sunday
Same here.
I have severe linguistic difficulties when it comes to meeting strangers now, but no time!
would like to know too!
RT : What's a decent finish time for a 5K beginner?
Got this new Evo HTC 4g from sprint ...and I got my daughter one too....this phone is Ok UNBELIEVABLE!!!
doctoramt about N.Gingrich last night.
i was wife 17.
Me and my sisterwives were occupying the White House.
thanks a lot !
So guess what i found out today?!
My mom told me i was born on 11:1133 Follow Please?:
No, I'm not the same.
Come see Molly Wood, Avanti Cafe and Susan van der Roest speak this Saturday at the doctoram Home lecture series!
love that you are doing this.
You should do a postpesach theme beer to end the Holiday with!
ha!
So much for keeping a low professorle!
Mormon Tabernacle Choir concert at A different crowd than Suns games!
So true!
RT : Birth is the only time when you cry and your mother smiles.
well hello!
Tonight doctoramkiller with Rivals, East Coast Secondaries, The Dismissed and The Morning Guns at Canal Club Doors  7:30pm
I was called a head by a very famous Rock Star.
Not that one you shi head, wrong accordion
Gomez must be feeling better.
He's stopped taking so many pitches and is getting picked off again.
Today I will be recovering.
So tired.
But it was an amazing night :
You know I try to remain as objective as possible when it comes to elections.
Personal reasons should in my opinion never enter the equation
Justin Is Sexy And He knows It: finally, a trend that is TRUE33 hehe
Nice work, Justin.
Crystallizes some things for me.
Have you got resources that exemplify the Orient stage?
When you need a second opinion, it's not good.
This trade is on the verge of being disastrous, totally on Cashman.
I'm tryna touch your eardoctorms.
Follow me!
be explicit, concise, catchy and shareable on Twitter
thanks!
glad you like it : i think im gonna head of to bed now lol, 3:16 and im kinda falling asleep!
by fellow roden fan 3
Stupid amtrak hiawatha  delay!!!
that's probably the best option haha
Hi andoctorw 
I just finished a 1.93 mi run with Nike GPS.
No pain no gain
Considering you have missed the last 3, that's about right!
bye alexis.
im a jerk.
im an asshole.
i get it.
im a douchebag but i have feelings.
just bye.
i love you.
but now?
bye.
NO!
its not tha same:
Um yeah I think I have been...
How can BLA represent the province when they r a minority even with complete support of who they claim 2 represent ?
forget it, its at 6 and ends around 7.
We've got all the cheesecake bites you need to celebrate National Cheesecake Day!
This could be Swirly's favorite day of the year.
The Librarian from the Black Lagoon by Mike Thaler: Don't mess with the Laminator!
no doubt miss!
you dope as fuck
A high post split is a good way to get an open shot for a shooter if you lack ideas in a timeout.
Baby Emerald will be here soon :,
Old Beliebers loved the old Justin.
New Beliebers love the new Justin.
TRUE BELIEBERS, love him no matter what.
AMEN TO MY TRUE BELIEBERS
MEMPHIS BUSSINESS WE NEED TO TALK ASAP!!!!
Spending the day cleaning house washing clothes and ironing.
Next weekend is Ky Beef Expo!!
I know It's a long shot but I need burress to kill it tomorrow
Our bikram class this morning REALLY helped with Lana's stiff neck and my sore biceps!
Gonna go party it up nao w/ Erika, David,  Jake.
I love you guys 3
duff mckagan's new Book, is Way cool !!
continuing my writingsurvey  How early do you begin your creative process?
See why ecofriendly swimwear is making a splash this summer!
Diligent hands will rule but laziness ends in slave labor
Sorry, unfortunately Crispin did not make this cut.
I do enjoy Abilene, and those wonderful people!
Hope I can go back there someday...
with YOU!
yea i am so where his bday shoutout
Cupcake Vineyards Red Velvet Cake for tonight's wine...down.
I'm bored so don't judge me on what I tweet right now.
And I can't go outside like I said because its raining.
hey cheers to the weekend!
yeah lol.
Cool.
Health  Wellness Fair today!
The police dept brought beer goggles.
I had them on for less than 10 sec and am still dizzy.
Effective demo!
oh yeah I know it was just hilarious.
Dave  I do that too!
taylor issues :D!
cards are on their way, send us some your way!
we look forward to your tweets!
Slut!
What?!
Oh good, you know your name
Come on, who's kidding who, R would never agree to a Dem budget even when the dems had 60, Liberman would have voted with R
Who Wants To Marry ?
; I Know I Do 3
Aw, thanks!
The feelings of love are mutual nowadays
nah she dumped him.
But she took a damn long time to do it .
The Babysitter's Here just came up on shuffle.
mondaymorningtears, amiright, ?
Best of luck to you!
I know those can get pretty stressfull!
Home Depot defies basic laws of peoplephysics on a nice Saturday in May.
Me and you versus the world, is only the plan, i know it get rough but i'm doing all that i can
You're welcome.
You have already become a great part of our team Thank you for being awesomet!
I am so happy to see this city excited about the Pacers again!
Thanks for the follow.
:
That moment when you hear a song that immediately zaps you back to the past.
In The Shadows: The Rasmus, used to OVERPLAY in college.
Damn.
Right on!
Thx!
Thanks for sharing the sushi spread!
Good luck on the gig tonight!
And now the award for trying to hard goes to...the
Insulin reactions while living alone are scary as shit.
love your music!
I wanted to enter the contest to support you but I live in Los Angeles, you should come to America soon!
Training pic looked like your were East of Tappanzee.
What's your route?
I'd like to change from Nyack and back.
lol!
Yeah we need to set up an intervention for her.
She was high on Alpo x
What good is a sportsDoc if he can't keep the most popular local TV sports anchor back in the game??
Glad you're back in action!
We are formed and molded by our thoughts.
Minds that are shaped by selfless thoughts give joy when they speak or act.
Chilling with my ace aka my better half...
Muahh Just watching whatevers on tv and listening to music..
The best intentions paved the road to my devilish behavior
Courtroom sparse  stark contrast from Friday crowd for Gov.
Patrick.
Some family members, four reporters, sketch artist.
a productive day with many new insights!
: PD2.0 has been understood as new broadcast media.
Not a way to listen
One of my favorite movies
got ya.
You know any designers?
account hacked today  i changed my password, hopefully to stop this!
sorry
right?!?!
I feel like a princess:
hahah not creepy at all that you put your location and honestly don't think I can ima bout to crash!
finally got the internet!!
yay!!
Hello Paul have a Blessed Day!
Can't complain...trying to wrap up recruiting/scheduling.
You guys ready for the ASun debut?
I want to know the persons IQ who votes a GOP candidate.
I'll bet everything I own Santorum voters have the lowest.
today: getting a wet suit and new bike :D so happy!

I'm listening to KatyPerry, leave me alone.
Lol.
how about NOT talking about sex for even one episode....or at least talking about it like he's a man and not a boy!
good thing yall have a pee wee schedule this year  somehow doctorpped sc as sec opener...
this is true, but its more of me commentating what i think my cat thinks/says to me lol
Have you ever popped champagne on a plane While gettin' some brain?
Whipped it out, she said, I never seen snakes on a plane
Follow me please:D FOLLOWED!!
yeah man I'm like half way done with it

ImTheTypeOfBoyfriend that will never lie cheat or hurt you.
I say I love you when I mean it.
And my only job is to make you happy
tehehe: babe!!
But dont make them think were lesbos!
Hearing old Entombed and thinking of you //cc
In class with my friends Bored as heck Cant wait for the 2012
And the helicopter is back  closer to my house....Silver Spring
SEC refs are horrendous
Creeping on Facebook and added a friend off of someone's friend list on accident....
Working on the new system with the great Chuck Bartok .
Man some of yal hoes need to shut up and go do something productive.
I thought so lol k good
Had 2 people ask me if I was wearing makeup....
I'm flattered.
I'd like to thank my mother for the great genes 
RT : cant wait for MIAMIFASTLIFE that ish bangs..
MFL You Already Know!
and National Geographic!!!!!
looks horrifying
If I had to select one quality, one personal characteristic that I regard
UNREAL.
Rangers tie it with 7 seconds left
A road trip sounds like fun right now.
Where to go??
Been slacking on my tweets but that's what happens when I'm busy : live this life.
Every.
Single.
Minute.
Of it.
way to go!!
I am imagining the hilarity of a fist fight  Paul v.
Paul
ik I been trynna call you
No way, you knew this could have been overturned.
Sets bad precedent going forward to let you keep.
The deadline was the deadline.
Are You Gunna Miss Sarah When You Gunna Be Home Schooled Next Year?
Coach Frank Hall is a HERO!
I LOVE YOU.
you are amaaaaazzzzzinnggggg.
hope you had a good day!
xx can you possibly follow me?
x
Failure is not an option it's a choice.
is fucking hot an doesn't give a fuck.
Follow him.
BITCHES!!!!
too worn out...
gonna sleep too good
Shopping for inexpensive vegetables found LOTS at the 99 Cent store VERY affordable!
: Got a great shoe shine from Thanks...
The pleasure was all ours!
Thanks for visiting us at
amen!
You read my mind...
I was rocking them last night my friend!!!
When are you getting a pair???
The Zenith MiniSport was the only computer to ever use a 2inch floppy doctorve.
Could you not call me 8x's in a row
More like a voice to the pajamas!
Playing scene it!
Like our library?
Like its page!
H.
Furlong Baldwin Library, Maryland Historical Society
Raise one today for Christopher Hitchens.
I already miss you, Dude.
So glad you like the jewelry.
Thanks for mentioning us.
Don't forget to get your orders in for
omg,i have a nightmare.damn.shit!!!!!!HUH NOT SLEEP AGAIN
HEY EVERYONE, BAKERS KEYBOARD LOUNGE IS CLOSED TONIGHT, WE WILL NOT PERFORM!
man i want some damn waffles.....ihop run......
Whose excited for 's Birthday this Saturday?!:
You know it :
First amendment offered by Rep.
caps public's liability for costs overruns.
Also looks to siphon naming rights.
Just came across something that claimed to be truer than ever before.
Bad ad copy leads to pondering the existence of gradations of truth.
Chillen, getting ready for the night out 3

agreed, morning set woulda been perfect.
Have you registered for the Publix Georgia marathon  Half Marathon this coming Sunday?
Glenn will always stand by you!
Somebody just put Tatu's all the things you said on the jukebox.
Really?
im down to work im available and sag.
:
: overtakes ESPN as No.
2 sports site on ComScore.
to celebrate w/ burger w/ all the works at The Counter!
:
Looking for some good new music.
Any suggestions?
I always love when my Swedish best friend mangles an expression.
It's I'm at fault not I'm in fault.
I do it out of the kindness of my heart
thanks, totally understand UNFOLLOWING have a great weekend
NPinDSE A Tribe Called Quest  Footprints
First week working at Oppenheimer  I'm loving it.
Basketball wives in 5 min.
Are you speaking of an organized life?...Or, the power of order?
aren't all his shows full of joy and oneness??
lovely, eh??
sure did, I'm hiding in the office getting some work done.
I'll stop out and say hi before you leave.
A.D.D lml
The one constant through all the years has been baseball.
Horse call!!!
Yes I am at it again!!
Free session for a Horse!
Anyone in Bedford Township area have horses or horse farms or horse rescue?!!
Dont hate on no 1 u can get what u want out of Life its takes hardwork.
Like the person u hating on work hard like them DONT HATE.
sorry i meant jlovea
I can't wait.
loool !
How yah guh kill mi?
Am too far a baayyy :p
I'm looking for thoughts on the title 'Jacko's Wild Ride' ???
What does it say to you???
How much are you selling the bridge for?
it's on lifetime right now!
Wow!
So proud of you guys for getting to perform at Madison Square Garden!
So amazingly cool!
Knock 'em dead :
hey did i see you somewhere this week?
Oo
He who acteth, placing all actions in the Eternal, abandoning attachment, is unaffected by sin as a lotus leaf by the water.
Today I am reminded that by the time a man realizes that maybe his father was right, he usually has a son who thinks he's wrong.
So true!
The process takes so long that approved sw/hw is outdated when it's ready to deploy.
Needs to be faster!
Just had sex
The beauty of a woman must be seen from her eyes because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides
WE hope to see you soon!
Legal tip: The first thing a debtor needs to do is complete credit counseling within 180 days of filing the bankruptcy petition.
Thank you for
Twiggy the water skiing squirrel?
Come on This is Atlanta.
Isn't there an apartment fire somewhere?
Just saw a Mad Men teaser that starts with Red is Back and shows Joan.
Oh Yeah!
Can't wait for March 25.
19 year old Iphone hacker claims he has been hired by apple the very company products he hacked.
Uke just said giants fans are the whiniest fans baseball.
They start before they get in the park.
So glad to hear it :
Wishing you a wonderful weekend take care

iNeed Me A White Girl
Sixth whitepowder investigation in two weeks going on now at Marquam Plaza Bldg on SW 4th and Sheridan, DT PDX.
Police, fire on scene.
Saw The in IMAX 3D last night.
The long setup is worth all the action.
Mark Ruffalo is the best Bruce Banner/Hulk yet.
i did justin!
I am TIRED
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: The Texas Attorney General Child Support Division offers free child support services to Texas residents.
Wisdom and compassion should be our guiding principles in life.
happy birthday!:
I can't wait.
Frosty suburbs, all a memory by afternoon.
Awesome afternoon weather.
HIGH: 66.
Tomorrow sunny  turning windy.
HIGH 68.
Aquarium with my dad...that I haven't seen/talked to since before christmas...
Just got home from school now getting food!!
:
Made us all believe we can fly!
congrats Jermaine!
One lucky follower is going to win a beer tab for Hop on Top  Wolski's!!!!
Please retweet :
who got you all thirsty like that?
It's cool!
Did you get your new phone yet?
We destroyed Lake City tonight!
Thanks so much to for coming to the show at the Shanty Tavern!
And amusement parks are for grownups too!
Another rainy day in Boston  good day to record!
then seriously leave me alone and don't be rude to me or also messing with my friend NO!!BYE
being relatively new to the field, I would say digital history.
More specific
Life is not political.
Calamari beachhouse bradenton beach, fogged in but fun
Thanks for the FF but and I were connected as one user...haha.
It's a mystery to me.
It really is.
I hate coercion in the classroom, so I don't have attendance policies.
So, it's easy to do
manners and etiquette LEARN
Hmm...ask you parents what you can do for them?
Just a thought.
; 
LS: the records kept at Monticello provide an unsurpassed record of the work of enslaved people.
oh...I'm not mad...I'm laughing.
Out loud!
Asking the touch questions!
RT : Q2: ..our problem is becoming that we aren't hiring the best but we are hiring WHO we know
we'll be announcing it pretty soon!
Got 4 quality pgs in the writingsprint.
I'm totally in for another one  the top of the hr
KNIGHTHAWKS GOAL!
Point gets the feed from Jamieson for the hattrick!
Does anyone have the movie apacalypto?
Titan is very good, too.
My weakness is Artopolis up the street.
Looking at fonts, waitin' for something cool to happen
Blahsay Blah...
He Say, She Say, Oh My God Shut The Fuck Up!

I sleep too much.
Parents complain.
I don't sleep enough.
Parents complain.
I don't see a way to win here
Sitting in a packed auditorium getting ready to listen to a speaker and wishing I was on a bike instead.
EPTI going BIG!!!
Off to scarf down some valentine's day sushi from that fancy place up the street.
In celebration of Earth Day, ask Select Floors Inc.
about sustainably harvested engineered hardwood flooring for your home!
is sexy
Go Bears!
pretty sure you could wear anything and look good.
That joke is so mainstream.
I liked it before it was funny.
Researchers develop system to help prevent construction accidents and materials falling from buildings
Who is the Lone Aardvark's faithful Indian companion?Tanto
I'm rethinking my color palette.
thank you!
It's like I'm coming up for air and your hand is never there.
And it hurts like hell.
Fun night with They're cooking up some great new tunes.
Salumi was delicious.
I still think they've kinda lost a little something as they became a victim of their own popularity.
Not as good...
When you have unexpected glitches and things aren't going well, how do you react to that emotional response?
Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
Tonight  8pmThe Sounds of Ama Chandoctor To Warm A Chilly Night.
Does one have to pay royalties to Adobe for the use of Flash?
Day 1...let the Madness begin!
BBN 
10?!
I thought you were supposed to get 14!
I've been roped in for Dirty In Pink, the last one I participated in didn't go so well...
Who doesn't love 2nd chances.
BikePubCrawlCapes
So I've decided to start P90X today.
My goodness that's hard!
The last 11 minutes of this game are going to be a lot of fun to watch.
when i'm mad and on facebook i start declining all the event invitations i have
Leah I'm a BIG FAN of you please tweet me back asap your really pretty
your a G.
could not of said it better myself!
Don't type zerg rush into google
so much for the diet huh!!!
Survival good smh
Trying too hard for a person who doesn't care is like talking to a deaf person who can't hear
Nothing but wretched: Friday afternoon flght on
you have to come home though...
Just Had Some Coffee..That Woke Me Up O
Happy Star Wars Day!
May the fourth be with you!
: Sorry but gonna miss HFchat Work getting in the way.
:
u go jarod get rid of that pussy!
Book Club tonight and then catching up on my Revenge!
56 hours of labor, I'm finally an uncle!!!
Beautiful baby girl.
I like the Friday idea.
Took today off.
It was a good idea.
Until tomorrow.
Then I'll hate myself.
Birth control pills relieve menstrual pain  Food Consumer
A United Arab Emirates naval officer has been acquitted of charges he kept an unpaid servant in his Rhode Island home.
oh yeah.
i heard a couple at broom street, i think.
they're so talented.
Seriously NY you could have welcomed me with better weather
There are a lot of scantily doctorssed people at Coachella who are very, very cold
so i started doing my hair but im too tired so i only did half lol..
gn
Can my taco come in a Dorito shell?
Big trouble in little China in my pants!
I am not happy that Falk might be running.
We can do better.
Tampa entourage headed to Sanford for Trayvon Martin rally.
He is our son, they said on their way out.
I knew that was intentional grounding, even before they said it.
LOL.
OH DEAR LORD.
Arguing with 3 year olds is fruitless.
Let's go cowboys
Sallydoctorper will either become a cokedout high class escort or our first woman president.
No midground.
AH we must meet them this time.
STALK MODE :D
Need to get another date with Jubilee in!
That should be enough time to sober up before work is now my new catch phrase
Ladies you can host a catalog party for Pure Romance if you don't want to have one at your house.
Still get all the perks!
DM me for details
I'm so glad they won tonight.
4 in a row!!
Typing this essay 
I'm not sure I like the way this bullpen is being used.
;
Just completed Mixer at 211 San Diego w/ Supervisor Greg Cox and a few hundoctord chamber members.
Poor City comtains three dedications: Roger McGuinn, Susan Alcorn and Terry Riley
Jackie Brown was a lot of fun
Hooray!
I was able to get all my thousands of photos and videos off of my defective phone SD card.
Thinking of switching to an iPhone now.
Obligatory done with college/finals/work tweet
Bye byyyeeee, Independent Study...it's been real!
S/o To My New Follower :
It's hard for me to believe a guy will hold on when the one I loved let go after I held in ; it would of been 5 months yesterday
are you F'ing kidding me, this whole time you have work?!
geeeetthefuuuuckouuuuttahere!!!!!!
I just want to go home...
Gonna log off for the night33
Voted for your show  it looks great!!
Spurs game, Mosely  Mayweather......night full of kicking ass!!!
I wanna travel and eat different kinds of foods!!!!
Fact: sometimes air pollution, wind and bright light can irritate our eyes and cause them to burn, doctor, or tear up.
Can we go see the Avengers soon!!
I think I should come to MKE this weekend.
Brand New r00lz
Disenfranchise an entire generation and this is what results.
The window breakers ARE the point, they don't have a point.
Megatron coming off a career year and Madden Cover is almost a perfect storm to underachieve......take it to the bank!
Find someone who will change your life, not just your relationship status.
is speaking at TEC tomorrow on Mobile Dev Options.
I have free tix for corp IT folks
A1: What has changed is the sheer number of products  services available to consumers
.
I'm writing an article on your move for and was hoping I could speak to volunteers or staff about this?
yupp!!
Haha I'm homeschooled and proud of it :!!
I'm being dead ass and Natacha playing .
lmfao
Want to follow our two supporting roles on twitter?
Julia Warner or Theo Mahony
I wish I actually went to bed hen I told people I was going to bed...
I would get so much more sleep.
I know lol!!
JONAS BROTHERS ARE LEGENDS, REAL TALENT !
Listening to Pandora working on a new site.
Do you need help with your website?
I honestly hate nipples .
not mine :
Wake me up in a hour.
A super cool person The president of the company thinks she is wonderful !!
you're right.
A great group.
cc
Slow first half.
To Put The Use,Now and I to The Bad
Also can I get a resource for ambient sounds?
For educational purposes!
Editing a commercial.
Do you have any advice ?
the City  The Game feat Kendoctorck Lamar
He maketh me to lie down in green pastures: he leadeth me beside the still waters.
People do some stupid shit.
she's tough!
Feeling good today
next thing youll be telling me is doctorpping money on big names and talking smack dont make games magically appear.
The Shondes  tonight in Tucson!
Show starts 7:00PM!!!
Woorking w/ feelings get you
A night out in the city tonight.
:
Nice!
Good stuff!
Thought for sure Burton had made that one up.
Good to know he was doctorwing on an actual source.
With that last tweet I will now be unfollowing Jack Walz.
aww lol!
I did!
But we didn't get out much in Survival School.
; .
U guys are hottest ski destination in country!
Nice!
I cannot wait for tomorrow morning!
Not leaving my bed  SVU al day on my day off!
Nashville...MKE admirals are the minor league team for them
Shoutout To the nigga that let me go!
lol
RT : Hot Tips on how to use safe cleaning products in your home PLUS how to make your own natural cleaning products....
Tired...Hot....and need energy right now to make it through the rest of the day!!
Coffee just isn't doing it
lockup cutting yr self tho there's better ways to coop with yr problems come on read or write , yr so much better than that
and go for some good one direction, or course :
well its over now so no :P
Smooth, responsive powertrain  The Car Connection
Just watched Boss easily the best new show.
Surprised no one's mentioned it before.
Basketball twitter is best twitter.
I love laying down on my carpet!
phone books are so analog....
I don't know mean suggest : but maybe i am going to hardworking...
At the weekend
I told myself at noon I was going to do the dishes.
I can't see them from my bed ;
Now this argument just gone
Early journal content became avail.
for free ending in 1923 for the us and 1870 for everyone else
just copy and paste the link
Good morning!
Hope everyone had a great holiday weekend.
We are preparing for our next TBRI training next week.
Will you be there?
No sleep  not good, owell I had fun
Looking for Senior Accountants with strong corporate consolidations experience!
Great company, great pay and lots of growth opportunity!!
Hope everyone had or is having a great spring break!
can you tweet me just once.
i seriously love you and that would probably make my life.
3 :
Just made that math test my bitch.
Hooray!
Thank you for following!
Need a pickmeup?
It's Willy Wonka Wednesday at Baruch!
Stop by the 2nd floor of the VC and grab some candy from the friendly USG members.
Twitter is 2 picks ahead of ESPN...
you bet!
See you there!
for shame, Pete.
You don't even gave a bio.
I looked to see if nimoy was your other follower...
Sigh...
Not meant to be.
;
Kurt, Iowans do dance...just not that well!
Ha ha!
Hello from a fellow Panther alum...great job on DWTS!
Woo hoo!
Blasted through some work!
7am and I already feel happy and productive.
Let's see if I can keep this up for 12 hours.
:
Love 's shirt.
Such a great gesture for his team!
kobe cracks me up haha 3 people open and a 70  chance to make it.
of course
I literally just spit my water.
Lmao.
I remember a year ago today waking up in the middle of the night to the disastrous news.
God bless Japan.
I'm tweeting times for Kerry Ann Poznanski in real time on race day.
Courtesy of
Make sure you are following You don't wanna be left out ha
Wanna play in the snow with me?
about to get this money
enjoy!
And bring some new info back to
LOL.
seriously.
It didn't help that I had hardly any sleep last night!
triste is having bbys plus u went to lay down
when I the Pittsburgh show this year?
Question: Do you have an iPad, and if so, do you use it for therapy?
thingsIcanthave OhioState.
When I see that red I turn into a fucking bull
is trying occupy herself by listening to DMB while she cleans but it's now working.
..
I adore The I Love You Song In Spelling Bee.
It is why I wanted The role of Olive.
I hope the audience is with it!
Guts On The stage.
Real Estate Marketing  Why Almost Everyone Gets it Wrong  Bizmeds: I don't care how great your product is, how..
I want to see Inception again.
One of the best films I've seen in a long time.
And it is now my mission to get to work with C.
Nolan soon.
Just saw the TMZ bus tour on Melrose.
Wish I was on it!
You told me it would be sunken in you Chicken did you know your tastes change and cilantro doesn't taste so much like soap at all.
We need Obamacare!
who am i kidding, everybody is crazy.
HillerHelps  PostNuptial Agreements  can protect family businesses from being taken over by an aggressive spouse.
Sorry didn't see this!
Could have RT : can you get anyone else in??
Lol
Brown eyes entice me unlike any other tho
just testing out
if I see Jesus...I'm shooting that zombie in the fucking head, twice.
RT : People are with you until they stop getting what they want 
Fat City Lofts environmental lawyer said this residential mixeduse project is 900 feet away and this is far enough.
Can not freaking wait to spend Sat night and all day Sunday with !!!
Officer up on his grillzzz..
ThingsThatINeed are you and I together 
Separating sentience from human consciousness, Shaviro quotes Wittgenstein: If a lion could speak, we couldn't understand it.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
My moms be trippin like shit
Alice Walker, American author, poet  activist won Pulitzer Prize for fiction with her novel The Color Purple on this day in 1983
Easier to teach what you learned 5 minutes ago than what you learned 20 years ago  you remember what it's like not to know it.
FM Transmitter  Web Tools
going to video some background footage for the prez' vid
BiggestTurnOff players and smokers....
:p
So ready for the smash finale tonight...
where in you area do you see medical cannabis obtained?
The Dan Ryan Sucks!
is he the guy threatening execs at a Framingham company?
Never thought I would be saying in May it's just too humid to even think about 9 holes right now.
is getting her blond on at the N Salon right now, can't wait to see it!
He my hearts
its funny how is now tweeetinn tommorow!
haha JAPAN!;
George Zimmerman's bond should be revisited since he has enough  to pay his bond outright.
This situation is messy.
I'm glad you're having fun, BUT I THINK IT'S TIME FOR YOU TO COME HOME AND LOVE ME SOME MORE!
: I want to become 's next Community Web Producer!
Recommend me in a Tweet to Thanks in advance.
Hope you've had a great week.
Thank you for your follows new friends:
Learn Chinese for the day:  white
Feeding people good food!
and I luv telling you lol
I wanna try itopit!
Hollywood video was my favorite.
Ahh the nostalgia...
I work within blocks of both Sprinkles Cupcakes and Grilled Cheese Truck HQs and have yet to see free product in the office.
Movies and Orange leaf at the rim 
The TAASK, remember the name
If Opportunity doesn't knock..
Build a door...
Chilling on the pourch with listening to Good Charlotte
Find your professorssional soul mate, making a business a shared mission and a shared why 
The wine pairings were really delicious!
Truly spot on and everyone was talking about them!
Nice job sir.
Fish oil capsules are hard for my son to get down so I bought Omega3 enriched eggs.
Now he says those are too big to swallow too!
omg, is that a feather on your kitteh lips?!!
OK been lollygagging all day.
First day with no school responsibility.
Enjoying tweets, blogs  books.
Had an educational  entertaining week taking Intro to Archives course  thanks to the fantastic faculty  staff !
We have two shows coming up really soon 3/2 in Toledo,oh  3/3 in Cleveland oh!
Get your tickets soon!
I'm so ready for travel ball with my girls!
haven't touched me in a while :O
ordering a remote key for a Jeep
True!
Oh, I have an anime for you to watch.
:
Excellent...but so much for won't rain until Thursday night like the weatherman said.
Last day of dog sitting..back to the tin can tomorrow
Ok I'm laughin like crazy,ryan dancin off the wii so he tells nasia 2 hold my pants up,lol!!!!
He was so serious
Garlic bread disgusts me!
I'd be down to 3 way with you and Alex
Positive thinking : everything will work out, my dog said so :
he's playing?
Ron Paul attacks all GOP candidates with exception of Mitt Romney.
Why?
Explain, please.
oh ahah yea I was just there a second ago lol
Good for you!
Gayngs is Saturday.
Don't confuse me!
I can't sleep...
Thanks for all your support Denver soon we unveil the speakers of ShineYourDivine Event filled with enlightenment ascension 
Recently reread ur entire Secret Six collection.
Ur so screwed in the head.
I love you.
there will probably be some sort of international collaboration session tomorrow, I hope!
If not, discuss during happy hour :
finally not underemployed.
.
I like your webpage.
It's well designed and appears useful.
It even has forms.
Teachers should check it out.
If your name being on it makes it yours, i would own trains, bridges, and walls..
Oh hi Twitter friends!
Work has been keeping me really busy, but are you looking forward to mkeeasterbrunch?
Where are you going?
Share photos/videos to keep your followers engaged.
uses this to keep their consumers interested.
i want long hair i use to have my hair up to my hips know its up to my shoulder oh alittle bit lower
Follow us on Instagram, ya dingus.
dwhbmusic
In the last 2 years we have so many families who have been to 2, 3 and even FOUR events in some cases.
Every event is different...
things that aren't lame: new Keane CD out today
if you jump out of a plane without a parachute, of course YOU'RE GOING TO DIE  my logic professor 15 min.
after handing out the last midterm
: follow my other account ??
I'll follow back!
Things that piss me off don't tell me to lay on you the way I lay on my bitch, stay in yo place
i want to go swimming!
Can't wait for college and summer, but can't believe my sister, , graduates college this coming weekend.
The only DDs I like are Steam's.
It's not overpriced, and I don't see the point of using it on consoles just yet.
This afternoon's tunesstew will include
The Pacers are 75 to 1 odds to win the NBA Championship
great to see volunteers showing up to transform homes on the near eastside!
We're live at game day on FOX59 morning news!
Big question from the Blended Learning conf.: Why are you doing blended learning?
lsuua LSU is doctorving down the hog's throat and they can't stop it
Try a little credit to the author when you steal my tips of the day!
Summer is over and we're back to work or school.
If your dog is attending doggy day care, don't forget to get a kennel cough vaccine.
No hay problema  : S/O to tho.
They came through for yo boy.
fans of my music or gameplay mothersday is coming up and i want to make it a special one for my mom any donations go to her for mothersday!!
Situations like this...
Con et
Yesterday, the Viking sign Favre.
Today, a tornado hits Minneapolis.
Some things just invite God's wrath.
Inbox at 10
Have you worked with a film sales agent before?
Would love to hear about it.
Recommendations?
Hey Welcome.
Twitter is fun.
And weird.
But mostly fun.
I made it home from work in 20 minutes!
Thank you Monday Traffic Gods!
Hey Russell.
Quick ?
For you.
Most used lens?
Thanks amazing work!
Hey Brian!
I had a question about the Star Fox Photo Contest.
Could you send me a message with an email to contact?
Thank you!
got rid of the Facebook
Calm your balls bitch 
Life in prison plus 25 years for Cyril Williams for murdering trooper Wesley Brown at Applebees in 2010
ILoveTheSunsBecause I been a suns fan since I was lil.
Went to the suns parade with my parents when they won nba championship
Does it bother you that we barely ever talk, or is it just me?
we need to do CATS!
Why don't you shoot me an email 
Oh, she's protective  a good quality!
M Spicy Lavender Chai and Bedlam Berry coffeecake!!
DMX is gonna be at the Norva...umm I fool wit it!
oh i thought you meant they doctorfted them.
Read the tweet wrong.
I want Burfict!!!
Browns could use a bad boy
I am only human.
I mess up.
But I won't give up.
I'll never give up on her.
She's not just another chapter in my life..
she's the book.
I'm just sitting here like OO.
HOLY SHIT KINGS
Amen!
Frank Ocean right now 3
are u ready to get the summer reading stuff 2morrow?
One photo, of all the photos of Junior Seau in tomorrow's UT San Diego, may provide a clue to what happened to him.
Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Boners
: I wanna see wiz tonight I love the wharf .
You been their before based god?
Lol
And the fatigue from last week just hit me all at once
I find no Honor with those u spoke w/in confidence;  they decide 2 share with the very person that you opted not to confide in.
Omg!!!!...i have a cavity in my wisdom tooth
Every time Pepsi commercial come on...
I spazz.
I CAN'T WAIT TIL JULY 24th!
Yes, it's almost 3am and, yes, I just got out of the
I know, but still.
They could have kept quiet about it until it aired out here.
and..
a touchdown?
what?
haha.
I'm confusedd.
lol.
Headed to a 2 hour aerobic skills workshop
my goal for next year is to better reach and teach my ESL students.
Have a Safe and Wonderful Fourth of July Celebration!
yeah I miss you guys!
oh that's probably it  haha!
I won't forget, we're never out of coffee, milk or sweeteners :L 3 3
They never seen it coming that's the beauty of it
Our HS senior photography is steller, you will not find better, our customers will tell you that too!
Should ADHD meds b taken by childoctorn  teens?
What is your view on this?.
Easy answer is It depends...
Tweet to me.
Good answers so far!
My mom is about to have the best mother's day.
.
Who are the digital humanists?
Q3 my mom always lead by example in everything but most memorably she is always honest!
Please do not throw softballs!!!
This guy is the worse..
S/O the cat that just left me 27 comments on the Youtube
I was picking up my son from school and my head im wearing an Afro today.
Two small girls said I love you hair.
Way go for the natural...
life is a game of checker and im headed for your Queen.
of course, always happy to help!
Not looking forward to going back to roanoke
On board....Twitter it is!
Bartles and James wine coolers!
ha!
no pain, no gain!
Oh God.
Are you taking mace?
That place has really changed.
I meet the CC Tiger's hockey team in 2 days!!!!!!!
stop hogging all the hot water!
WHY CAN'T I GO TO SLEEP
Politics?
// Maybe...
after all, you're from Cuba!
Welcome to the States!
:
Movie time
Thanks for following
As my son prepares to leave for Afghanistan.
I keep asking what can I do to help my country and our soldiers?
What can we do as a A Nation?
Our 7footer can hit the three.
Can yours?
Catching first good night of sleep since Wednesday after filming Prism.
JO
Adam Sandler has a new movie, does anybody care ?
He's gone from the best to the worst.
I Over React?
Check You Physco Bitch!
Such a beautiful day
i love u to death
right back at ya gorgeous!
Putting together the final shipment for and for astd2012.
See you in Denver in 4 days!
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
I really think you should come do a show in Syracuse!!
Just throwing it out there...
Follow Me Team Will Follow Back!!
actually describes everything in my life, from all things lax to movies and song lyrics
doctorPage: Looking fwd to working w/you.
When can we make it happen?
Me: Well, I don't have a Messiah yet.
Page: BAH!
Neither do I!
:
awww happy BDAY to your sister she is really cute and adorable
RT : Salen: If you don't change the form of assessment, innovative teaching will just return to its original form.
well I don't consider he is talented.
That is pretty cool, I don't know how practical and safe it is but cool none the less.
LIMITED TIME OFFER: We're shipping WINDBREAKERS.
USA ONLY.
Send us an email at .
30  shipping.
Derek Fisher to the Thunder..
I guess he doesn't make a team better or worse, maybe a clutch shot here and there.
That's if he plays..
Somebody up there likes us
According to mobile industry writers CPM for tablet advertising is priced way too high.
We agree..www.padvertisement.com
: I love yo damn doctorss thanks boo !
// thx!
Have a great weekend.
Yeah buddy!
zombieapocalypse roundtwo : WOO were chillen in the summer no doubt :
just bought a new 40 LCD samsung TV.
Works great.
Far far far!
nicer than my 30 hd tube that it replaces.
yay!
looks gorgeous too!
How are you guys doing today?
Today is such a beautiful dayy.
church then watching the playoffs when oomf
Don't forgetthe library closes at midnight tonight!
I don't do anything unless Iis/have A good reason!
BanBelieber BIEBER IS FOREVER AND ALWAYS BELIEBERS NEVER GO BACK WE WILL ALWAYS BE A BELIEBER THROUGH EVERYTHING
A7: trying the local cuisine
Luke Harangody had 18 points last night.
Why can't Celtics get players like that!
Really glad I've been laying in bed for 2 hours and still can't fall asleep..
This happens way too often.
All the socalled secrets of success will not work unless you do.Unknown
Friends We Love Premiere at The Brooklyn Museum Of Art on October 2, 2010...
No computer but im a Mac..
truff...what's really important that i'm working on i don't talk about much, except when really necessary
Grenade just came on in the mall!!!!
Hm I wonder where my nars could be
RomCon FFP Dinein  The Rules: Thou shalt doctorss in clothing befitting a formal function of state of the human variety.
Listening to some Gustav Mahler from a recommendation from Ignite Baltimore 9.
Not disappointed!
jhuDC how far would you go to move?
Would you build a raft and launch yourself into shark waters?
maybe the fact that they run that often is what allows Rodgers to be at 10 yrds avg at 72
we had a blast!
Great mtg you!
You're so sweet!
Loved your heartfelt closing talk, Nicki.
Your timeline tonight makes me miss being on a Top 40 station, like, not at all.
Damn.
Now that Kentucky won that means the Yankees will win the WS.
That's just how it goes.
I'm tired.
I love working!
Van Halen is incredible!!!
Everybody JUMP!
If this is the case, especially after the shutdown of the immortal Library.nu, then I am going on the warpath
the bands look awesome!
I agree with and you need to ask this boy!
omg baby legs
Strap broke on my sandal before I walked for grad
What makes your movie concept unique?
Fuckin' freshman dude 
i honestly believe that people think i'm crazy because i talk to myself wherever i go but that just means i'm cool ya know
omg I went into this store and the song when love takes over comes on lololol
I MISS YOU!!!!
Tell me how are you...what are you working on??
Would love to have you on my show sometime!
RT : My bro is doctor delivered a baby named Y'allJealous Jones today.
This is not a joke.
Y'ALL JEALOUS JONES.
Oh, cookie cookie cookie starts with C.
First night wearing my new mouth guard.
Sorry, ladies.
I'm spoken for.
RT : Petition to let rap with Please RT!
Turn on liveatdaybreak now, has a live Super Bowl report from Indy.
good point!
thanx for the follows, doll
Greek Proverb All things good to know are difficult to learn.
Happy Birthday 3 Hope its a good one , for whats left :
You dont like me?
Why dont u go and sit with the rest of them bitches waiting for me to give a fck!
You're a Hobbit fan?
Have you read Runelords?
They're filiming that a picture too.
Vote for actors
At a nice little 40seat theater near Laramie/Diversey.
Be our guest, be our guest, caviar, Versace...
Final week of shooting for a new film about CelebrationFL Thanks to everyone working on the project.
More info soon.
Watching FRIENDS in Spanish.
This bullsht, listening to Romney, you'd think we were on the verge of World War 3.
Jesus, give it a rest.
didn't explore enough I guess!
Would it have changed your life?
Despite popular belief, there is a direct correlation between the infrequency of my tweets and my having a good time.
Confessions  Usher
Man...
i missed it!
These damn subs
Wrapup 1/15: KSN story aired 5pm.
Pic taken at the Eagle.
Specs van cleaned.
knows how to post on the blog.
how did you do on your papers?
Yea, I've seen it
Day 2 of no ac in the office wouldn't be a big deal if we weren't on the 7th floor, and the windows weren't sealed shut.
ShootUsDown ain't just an account on youtube anymore.
New Infinity Blade II: ClashMobs!
Play now!
Is it odd to eat just hummus?
I can eat it out of the tub like ice cream.
follow follow following
Just saw Frank Luntz walking in the rain with no umbrella.
a quick poll Showed 80 of me wanted to Laugh and 20 wanted to punch him
hell yeah.
Were bout to reck shit.
Rhode Island to the NBA, always a fan!
Thank You!
Cisco software to connect branch offices to cloud
WHEN I HIT 500 FOLLOWERS MY TEAM AND I WILL doctorP 2 SONGS!!!
ALL MY FOLLOWERS CAN MAKE IT HAPPEN BY RETWEETING!!!
Lmaoo looking through my freshman yearbook.
Avengers, Dark Knight Rises, Amazing Spiderman all in one summer...
NerdsRule!!
D
Sleep  doctorgs  time  highly evolved immune system  no more cough.
God bless evolution.
and sleep.
and time.
and medicine.
Katie and I are so fucking weird.
Omg.
Thanks  back at 'ya!
you look like Lottie a little bit :
I am nothing without my best friends and my parents.
The Terrain looks awesome!
We will be informing customers about you!
I'm seeing them Friday.
Let me know how it is 
Don't Destroy Your Life, Enjoy Your Life Play With Your Kids And Make Love To Your Wife
Thanks for complimenting the keel!
OMG PUMPKIN CHEESECAKE TONIGHT
I'm listening right now to the song 16 Candles.
Seau's barber said it was the football legend's favorite song to play on the ukulele.
I dont think anyone really gets me...
I just hate life sometimes.
YEEUH is SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA THERE?:
how was ur potluck?
Puckernuts!
Well, so much for doing something original.
: I despise the current popularity of mealymouthed waifs ala Twilight.
Follow Back?
:
We're playing Axum's Lounge in DC this Friday, y'all
My funeral is gonna be bumpin!
: lmao I'll go to your funeral
Wow, Jeff, thanks so much for the RETWEET!
Wishing you the best.
SLPeeps , ATChat is going on right now if you care to join....
Once again, the nevergoodenough crowd rears its head.
Annoying, but unsurprising.
.
breakfast, leftovers lunch, for dinner  record shopping at Today kinda ruled.
np Make It With You BREAD
I have not
this hot fucking gym sub is flirting with me, because he thought i was a senior daymade 
oh haha guess I missed that.
Oh well I doubt I'll get there by then
RT ppl Id want speaking to my JSchool class
Good morning!
Chicago Loop offices,and businesses order your next office meeting cake, bday cake, or party cake with us.
Free Delivery!!!!
I love my job!!!
GoDaddy needs a new marketing schtick.
First year, good buzz.
Year after year...
just recycled trash.
CenTex families affected by the fires need diapers, wipes, baby food, and baby toiletries.
You can doctorp off at Pearl Studio TuesFri....
Resorting to Craigslist for a used car...help
Time for these pasty legs to get some healthy sunaka freckles.
thanks for sharing this and thinking of us!
can't wait to listen and get back to you!
In fact, almost every product built for user experience professorssionals offers a terrible user experience.
The Easter bunny brought me Advil.
They're delicious.
:
Thank you, Eric.
That was really moving.
Having trouble uploading that pic to facebook.
Never used instagram before
not enough  Walmart will pay 8.10 an hr and benefits!
the round red fox jumped past the tired dog.
Technology is amazing .
I'm recording a trak with people from all over the world for the Cricket IPL Launch .
2012 like a mo fo
Hi Rick.
Thx for following me too.
:
a good girl knows her limits, a bad girl pushes her limits, a real women has no limits
Good afternoon with the passing GoGo Pioneer another Tragic lost Disco and R and B singer Donna Summer has past R.I.P.
to the both of them
Gettin' Rich Is Easy Stayin' Rich Is ImPressive!
Love the Narnia Wings of Desire thang.
Or maybe that's just what I see...
hope you are well.
Why would Montreal waste a pick on a player they know they can't sign?
2day American democracy is expressed in its purist form voting!
Get out to the polls!
Oh, and Write Fenty In!
WE CAN DO THIS!!!
Agree w/ Environment of Possibility is powerful.
Much easier to achieve when you have no reason to believe you can't
Staring at the clock waiting for the ChefShowdown to begin!
So many great restaurants and for such an amazing cause....
Jumped about a mile when a palmetto bug appeared on my calf.
But in the end it was just a semichewed clump of raisins
Canceled our European trip because of the volcano.
Hanging out in the Pacific NW instead.
Almost as fun and cheaper!
:
thank you for fixing Peyton's video!!
Reeeallly excited for Dexter tonight
Are you seeking an Operational CFO to make a difference at your corporation?
I welcome comments and feedback.
: had me at Tequila Juleps and Bourbon Margaritas.
incaseyoudidntknow I'm a nerd
Why are the guys so goddamn cute!?
ugghh it's so not fair :3
lol Hm hat about a young niggas with an older man mentality
But he...nah I'm cool RT : his concern shouldn't be silencing critics, it should be doing whatever it takes to win
is coming to San Antonio this weekend!!!
About to make that gym move before I hit work tonight.
I guess Tebow time is over!!!
Bout time
she a hipster who works at the food cart
I need to name this unicorn!!!
Patriots Jello mold has been acquired.
If that doesn't wow guests, nothing will!
so u still doing the game
Yeah I got and this is crazy It suits me well
I never thought I would be THAT person winding down at the bar in their casino uniform all by themselves...but u gotta do what you gotta do!
Yep, absolutely nothing  unless you care about jobs, debt, foreignpolicy, obamacare  Obama been cool!
eh?
s/o to in da studio getting it in
!!
: Free million dollar 2nd screen idea: Shazamlike Twitter filter includes/excludes tweets based on what one is watching on TV.
Trying to to get my hopes up.
Either way is in the forecast.
you spelled feeding wrong
Big weekend in Iowa...all state schools win football...Dave Matthews Band rocked downtown!
gots a 2 week load that needs a home
getting distracted while studying by watching the Final 4 intro video
if you know the names and titles of all the releases from bayarea artist I can give you total top200 soundscan numbers.
YES
At Katy Perry with a bff from my hometown, Lisa Chambliss!
hahahah just makin sure main squeeze.
:
Have such a horrible headache.
:
Pupil dilated!
Ugh I don't like ths.
Another fantastic massage from Martha Tyler at Stillpoint Massage Therapy.
I highly recommend!
Any night where I get that faded and don't send out any dumb texts is a victory
I think yr right to have a brand voice instead of an institutional one, but IMO yr tweets are too often off point.
I'd prefer to be your best friend rather than your exboyfriend.
S/o to so he can follow me back lol :D
The Visitors Center is open until 4pm today.
Stop in!
to us its life, they see it as a struggle
I know right :/
Holidays are for the weak of heart.
this will for sure be the longest 8 days ever!!
The waiting is the hardest part!!!
Don't Hate, Cauze I'm 619 Strait Born, And Riaze!
Know Your Rootz  !!!
Home sweet home
Downloaded this binaural beats app.
This shit is creepy
Thank you for the follow!
Let us know if you'd like a chess set!
Just picked up by Haamlicher Schlemmer
I livd life to fast to slow dwn now!
Taking a risk!
:
Haha, all press is good press, right?
Its a shock, a real negative surprise, said Panagiotis Spiliopoulos, head of research at the private bank Vontobel in Zurich.
It's followfriday time!
Put us in yours and we'll put you in ours!
Thanks guys.
Happy Friday!
Thanks for sharing.
Apparently the twitterverse discovered MJP yesterday, leading to a large uptick in traffic to the site.
Hooray for the intertubes.
the price of my van just went up...now its three canoes...nah, just playing.

guess who just got limited edition beats??
This girl;;
Venus and Jupiter crazy bright in western sky tonight
At the Select Luxury Cars dealership in Marietta.
I just saw some of the Blue Angels practicing for this weekend's air show  amazing!
Q.
Whats the difference between a politician and a snail?
A.
One is slimy, a pest and leaves a trail everywhere, the other is a snail.
Don't act like you didn't know that was coming.
He puts you on the border and decides whether he likes you or not
good luck with everything man!
RT : I will not share my IPod with you.
Its called an IPod not an UsPod.
.
a time to weep, and a time to laugh
CMAS are hilarious!!
wait.....are you saying it's not normal to have a boyzillian at all times?
yo has been stuck in my head all night !
Preview Thursday
ah that's annoying!
After the battle, the Avengers team are sitting quietly with no dialogue eating shwarma.
Stark was not in his suit.
Banner wasn't Hulked out
Not yet.
Plan to tonight though.
So much soreness.
I really don't understand what I did differently last night.
Are you guys talking bout dat wh0re
Exciting day with Helen Ying reception she is running for Metro Council.
Go Helen.
Cynthia Harris
GOOD MORNING !:
A perfect combination!
good morning , what's up with the label I heard jive and AristA shutdown
Want to know all about the benefits of negative ions?
http;//www.PowerEnergyBalance.com
Some trivia this fine Tuesday: What percentage of Americans stick to their New Year's resolutions?
tell yo cat we gotta get down
20factsaboutme 15.
I can't go without music for a day
yay!
Now I can spell it for people.
Almost time to meet the money in a few hours.
Thanks to everyone for coming out last night!
and safe travels to Weatherbox and Sainthood Reps!
lol I said in 18 years though!
we are all kipnises
Feels good to be on the radio and not having to sell my soul to do so..thank u to my awesome fans and teams around the world!WHOOP!
My mom is really pissing me off today.
Honey badger don't care.
Chris Paul Need to be more Aggressive
Imam Abd alRahman b.
Mahdi: Be with the carriers of books, for they are like mines, one brings up a gem and another a nugget of gold.
Thank you.
RT : Thank you
Anyone care to join brent'lee and i on a bike ride in the blue springs area in just a bit?
ChaCha can be your friend when you don't have any.
Congrats, Kelly!
I think I should be a Verified World Leader on twitter, I rule the state of disillusionment.
Thanks for coming to the show!
I want the Star Wars Bluray box set!
I had that lastweek and i want to be able to stay home so i cant talk to my boyfriend but my parents wont believe ANYTHING.
Spent the day at the beach, now gettn ready to head out wit the crew...
ready for my trip to atl tho...
Was it Jane?
Holy cow.
They are really using homeless people are wireless hotspots?
Just when you think you've heard it all
World Peace on Western Semis what's really important is reppin my hood.....Queens bridge you know what's good hahahha
Doc says I need more Iodine in my diet.
What foods naturally have alot of iodine in them?
.
showing us how to use a different database per user based on subdomain, same app code.
Food is the most widely abused antianxiety doctorg in America, and exercise is the most potent yet underutilized antidepressant.
Landed in St.
Louis!
Waiting for my gay luggage!
thanks for the follow.
I am following both of you now.
Double Tap
Happy Easter!
Saw your post on Brady and UA Charged Cotton  interested in writing a product review?
DM me.
Thanks!
Rock on!
I'm usually up the second I wake in the AM
Creative Cloudin' it up.
Lots of downloads, and can only do one at a time.
This is going to take awhile.
TQM!!!!
Love u miss lovely!!!
Xoxo
That Tim Tebow is something else but what about the Kicker?
I paid to see Compton any night!
RyderFearsDomino can I get a birthday retweet?
so glad you enjoyed 's post.
Thanks for sharing!
great Quote by David Brinkley A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
Rip
RT : MoodCheck What are you feeling?
What does that suggest you want?
What does that suggest you need?
How can you...
Like the middle of September what about you??
Sometimes in this life; we are our own worst obstacle.
Done with my master's!
And watching other ppl's capstones now, everybody on emac is so awesome 3
I want brownies
yup I'm kinda glad I missed u!
I've missed u guys 
Great quote, thanks Scott!
I am also going to start following , good stuff
keep grinding boy
I just opened a big bag of funsize candy and got so excited for Halloween.
Those sweet smells of plastic and cheap chocolate:
I just said I was 3Ging it..
This phone makes me lamesauce...
Most innovation happens in universities and startups, not big companies.
Corporations are playing it safe.
Kevin Surace
About to get breakfast.
I'm starving.
looking for work is hard.
Do u need a resume?
For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net Julie
Great talk by at GSMworkshop on the interactions of technology  user demands.
His ideas are def not limited just to social nets.
Oh :O I was excepting school lunch guy xD If I go you have to help me talk to him if we see him, just don't push me into him x
Any images of AFC North Champion apparel yet?
NP Have You Ever  Brandy
got it.
No plays Tuesday night.
See you tomorrow!
Don't forget to check out our pricing option for member access through the Super Bowl below....
Watched The Man Who Fell to Earth last night.
Wow, I had forgotten how bizarre that was, and wow, Bowie was young.
Join us for some awesome food  doctornk specials during our all day Happy Hour today!
4:3010p.m.
Hopefully I will get to see you on the 28th??
This is the worst RT : Great.
I just realized i had food in my teeth all day.
BREAKING NOW  911 call released from the March 31 murder of Mainstreet Grill manager in
I should be more than I am to them : I've missed so much of their lives
we only had to walk 5000 steps!
sounds about right lol or perhaps I should have phrased the question how many female slps
Kidding on the last tweet.
But anyone nice enough buy me the ticket.
Pretty Please.
yeah, i guess so : RT a little bit of both :
okay goodnight for real its a fucking hassle to wake up in the morning so sleep time xoxoxoxxxxxx
you too...anytime!
you're not alone there, lady.
Lol
1000 North Ashley Street, Suite 610, Tampa, FL 33602
i'm gonna really miss outdoor track when it's over..
but there is next year :
We all have two choices: We can make a living, or we can design a life.
Jim Rohn What Choice Are You Choosing???
seriously, no one pisses me off more than you do.
oh yes, i'm sure you were.
nope just here a bit early
heyy i have a question!
Soo what do you want to talk about?
maybe next time
RT : Just opened a book printed entirely in comic sans.
How can I be so mad at a book?
How do I tell you I love you without being to blunt about it.
follow back.?
PLEASE ship to California already!!!!!!!!
Can't wait to go visit Idaho.
Missin the fam.
OH : killed my battery in 3 hours.
it needs to be smarter.
: Good morning beautiful!
Wishing you a great day.
Hope your little man is feeling better!
God bless.
Its an avett brothers kinda morning
thats so kind of you  thanks for letting us know!
Thanks for following!
Looking for new people to follow ...
: TEAMFollowback 100
Are you watching Fashion Star?
FC Barca has arrived in Washington DC after 9 hours of flight.
oh, nice!
here, let me just follow you on via
most Staples locations have it.
Few Best Buys.
Alondoctor plays to much.
He steady lying telling damarcus I'm saying stuff.
Lol.
My phone be blowing me
: Im tryna get some honestly D.D.H
just sitting here :P with you?
Happy MothersDay to all you women who play the role of mom!!
:
Looks like is going to blow away his fundoctorising goal on those jerseys!
Still a week left!
Really like this quote RT : Robert Collier Quote: If you don't make things happen then things will happen to you.
thanks!
Although, all me and had to do was look pretty...
did the real work ;
so went to Fargo North Dakota..I wonder if she saw Grant Otis while there haha
Your are welcome Princess.
What's on your todo list for this week?
iPhone Apps  REVIEWED  Live right now  another fine and dandy episode of www.iphoneslutz.com 
That sounds like a challenge.
Come on speakers!
RT : he did it!
keynote swear words now at 1..
People of note: Vegas' , San Francisco's , Sardinia's   which we are SO down for.
Y'all should hear this beat I just looped though.
and his eyelashes...
wow.
Lol xD
You will not be disappointed.
who is bernie I am so lost....
OMG, sounds awsome.
Any veggies on it?
I'll have to try it.
Thanks
Finn is great but mom and dad are tired!
I am praying for the day I can get a full nights rest...Kim probably even more so
I'm watching good burger
Twitter and Facebook need a Dislike button ..lol ..
:
Any harpsichord players in the PGH area avail to play Brandenburg 3 gratis Nov.
20  4:00p?
A friend of mine is looking.
hey what's up ma
myucf is going way too slow...I don't have patience for this nonsense
sxsw nowplaying.
Ruts, straight ahead Aussie pop rock.
Holidays were bubblegum tight.
Injured Ninja elctrometal.
Lookn fwd to Boat People
lol.
that's funny
Swam about 3 500'S and about 2 200 im's!!
SwimIsLife!
Oh I feel my pecs comming back!!
It just stopped raining in Philadelphia.
A few of the first BioCubists
doctornks Saturday night sound great.
Maybe it will e nice out and we can hit up a great patio somewhere!
Love the mohawk pix!
Are you meeting fans Sat and Sun?
Poison Oak
writing writing writing writing
: 16.2//I know his K/9 was the highest ever over 50 inn..
16.5 or something crazy
Still looking for an agent to handle my comedy career.
Congrats to team et al on your recent awards!
You've done San Antonio Proud!
Im way too tired this morning
good night
1st day home off the road is always a beast....finally headed home!!
How Wet do you love your Pizza??
At Smashing Tomato it means plenty of Olive Oil  San Marzano Tomato Sauce!
right now it's all about the three p's Prayer ,patients, prosperity
Chris Brown's new single is called Turn Up the Music....you know, so no one can hear him beat on women or occasionally throw a chair.
The crew's coming through
Would love to get students to lead sessions about how they learn best.
Could share techniques, tools, etc.
Seeing THE BIG RED ONE for the first time at tonight!
Yeah right!
Thanks!
:
Bigger egregious act was letting KOAB talk to Beth as he did, without u putting him in his place.
Worse than pic she took.
U sound like me.
I watch movies for 1st time that most people know the entire script to from 20 years ago.
Don't like TV or movies
Happy Holidays to everyone!
Q3 coming right up with a side of bacon!
:
information sent.
let m know when you send the information back....
ewww you're gonna be sick
Yes he was.
RT : mikel jackson was a great artest.
with many great hits
calming down
sad to be leaving Tucson again tomorrow, but i'll hopefully be back soon
All I want for Christmas is the app for Andoctorid!
Officially a alum!
:
5K MS Walk in the morning!
Then watching win the KCA 
alot of money
Busta rhymes?
Lol RT : There is not rapper on Earth that can outrap Eminem.....seriously
When people don't talk to you when you try and talk to them all the time and don't give you an explanation..
So stressed right now I feel like my head is going to explode
The Boston Art Museum Is a must go to!
Thanks for the follow!
We are thrilled to have you!
Amazing isn't it!
We look good, don't we.
Ck out my lst tweet, that's my niece Ashley on vocals.
She writes her own music too.
My brother engineered  produced.
Looking forward to going to the padoctors game tomorrow night.
Hope they win.
Oh, geez.
My Kmart still sells boxes of that stuff and I don't think it's actually being made anymore!
I think it's 5yrold stock!
Thanks !
stay tuned for more to come!
Bus doctorver lady, are you fucking kidding me?
Jeff!
Happy birthday!
Sure when is it?
catch up this week.
Good times.
I love watching my friends become great!
funny, I found the article myopically academic.
lolololol extra bag fees!
So the Phillies have had their big 3 pitching rotation since 2010 and haven't made the WS.
How come that hasn't been called a bust?
I'm so glad you liked them all.
Once I started reading them I could NOT stop until I finished.
So much fun!
trying to embed hot potatoes into joomla page but doesn't work...
1 suggestion i've seen is to put hotpot html files in folder on joomla.
I hate overhearing my mom and her boyfriend talk nasty like.........
EW.
My nail polish is comming off : I am thinking about painting them pink and white
its sunny, very high cloud cover, and mid 50s.
let go of wendy winter  she was just not that into us.
u should have many more.
Ur retweets save my life.
Our patience will achieve more than our force.
And still I ask where is at?
Order up : xoxo RT : Wants to stud out and distress some denim overalls for me..
bringing things in perspective for you since 99
I'm still on the train but will let u know when I hit the Sheratonduring luntion prolly.
Don't mistake old hips for flopping tho!
RT : derek fisher.
way to ignore my call!!
You're still up too
Lack of money is the root of all evil.
George Bernad Shaw
Oh...most assuredly.
I do.......
Hey oh.
Wife to be in roughly ten minutes
I want to happy hour!!!!
Surprisingly I'm awake!
i can't dyke without you!!
i meant i see u as in thats tight that ur recording haha
Just had a sweet women offer me a CTA daypass walking up to the train station!
Hmm, not sure I trust how others take care of cars.
RT : I would like to see car time shares like time share condos.
Dude is that an iTouch?!
No but it is an iPod Touch.
A small size will do if worried about caloric intake...walk to and from Holton and you're good!
Shopping stops being fun when the shopping for yourself stops.
check out monster media i just started doing all my real estate things there they are awsome, tell them chris silva sent you
Yup, iBack.
I was in FL, but I'm here for good.
Sorry for crashing your boner party so hard on FB.
It just struck a real chord with me this afternoon.
I still turn to you.
Catching up with 3
Had two bad doctorams last night: one, I was in a Hunger Gamesesque arena  was eaten by a zombie.
Two, I was BFFs w/ Khloe Kardashian.
and with that being said I decided to take my test today fingers cross
Jakarta i'm comming...
:
Oh my Jesus!
Can this bitch take any longer?!
Niggas need to sleep!
Samantha is super nice and super chill.
There's NO good reason why some people don't like her;P
Watching on the TV.
Americans have the most sex at 132 times a year, with the Russians close behind at 122 times a year, and the French at 121.
It's always a little amusing to see them try to sell OOP releases, when a newer release that pretty much uses the same discs is in print.
okay I will :
My whole body aches 
do know I love unicorns..
Need to find u on instagram.
Gettin on it now ;
But you're not even worthy enough to be dancing to WMYB
Wondering if were ever Gunna settle things
Im back on tha twitter side!
the only solution to getting creeped is alibi'ing teen mom 2 names.
Hi I'm Jason.
Jenelle, Nice to meet you
This guy!
Honestly , like I'm scared :o
Happy Mothers Day!!
S/O To The Single Mothers Raising Their Own.
The chase is on.
we do stick out in a crowd...but it does suck to have to spell my last name 3 times for them to get it right
omg why have I never seen that
Because if they were, we wouldn't be special anymore!
: Thanks for enjoying our sense of humor.
Happy travels!
Watching this thunder game right now
Enter to win 's Vice Verses win  listen
Another perfect night.
Just wrapped a shoot at BlueRock.
We work late into the night!
We're there also reports that some folks from Legislative Services were also nervous?
Maybe some lawyers, too.
I honestly thought yu were gonna tweet me.
Shit I for too much on my brain at wrk to think about who to tweet.
Lml
Prom was great danced as if NO ONE was watching!
Now gonna go bowling with the best people!
When Im always in my room, my parents complain.
When I go out too much, my parents complain.
I don't know what I did to my back yesterday, but I can barely move today.
I am in so much pain!
So this is what it feels like to get old...
close your eyes and fall asleep and forget all the things that changed your lives.
I had a great night.
Goodnight everyone
Safely in Tokyo but that 14 hour flight was long!
Getting on the flight to Bangkok in a few minutes.
Very confused about what time it is.
:
There is so many other things I could be doing right now.
yall niggas arent trying to come scoop me though!
sometimes idk wat it is im doin...n..
why....
Hmm...that's a puzzler, all right.
On the whole, baby dinosaur sounds cute?
you better start hitting those books next year.
Let me know your Indiana games
I'm the Ice Man, Paul Wall Got my mouth lookin somethin like a disco ball
Happy to connect!
Thanks for the initiation.
ouch I feel your pain try hot water and rest
5th and K Safeway.
What the hell.
Such a strange mix of people.
hopefully the next album can help me out cause i'm now livin' this life with foolproof doubts.
since my ex do u know how low my care for women's feelings are
Ignore previous postwrong book.
Yes, I think most of the bestsellers these days are given too much leeway.
Prose bloat results
Even after 3 years since my divorce it still breaks my heart when I doctorp off my son knowing that I will not be able to see him in days.
How be you, babe?
yeah.
I turned around and you were gone.
Then you never answered your phone!
lmao I would love to work at M store for week.
Just so I could bring my Air and iPhone to work.
Free promotion for Apple.
RU looking 4 a way 2 help Joplin?
Help Convoy of Hope make a difference: Txt CONVOY to 50555 to give a 10 donation.
Stndoctor txt msg rts appl
Great minds think alike!
I think I'm keeping Taylor's of Harrogate in business all by myself this week.
No coupons, Groupons or other ons.
Just really great classes and films and investigative journalism and galleries and equipment and...
Now that would be awesome....email me!!!
We love great talent!
that's a trend I like to see.
but i like not having to comb it or anything lol
for you i'd bleed myself doctor.
my high school's girls soccer team is a scorching 1112 this season.
if you were wondering.
website creation: underway.
So we doctorft a player coming off an injury?
Didnt we learn from the Mike Brown nightmare Hello!!!!!
How about a Happy Hour every day from 59pm at the Venetian's Smokin new hotspot??
Come unwind with us after CES or AVN!!
HCA meeting today.
thats awsome, im glad you had fun :
New Book Examines Old Testament for Keys to World Peace
RT : RT : UTSASHOWCASE Free Concert come out and support UTSA's up and coming artist
What happened to the Jared Berggren we saw in non conference play?
EEK!!!
OMG I JUST WON MIDNIGHT TICKETS TO NEW MOON FOR TONITE I CALLED THE RADIO PPL AND ANSWERED THEIR QUS.
TO WIN AH!!
SO HAPPY!!!!
Considering calling it a night before 8pm tonite.
Been a long day and overworked my brain.
Gotta do it all over again tomorrow.
Trailer and poster are still being worked on.
Still going to be a bit but they're looking GOOD!
Thank you.
:
Craig Claiborne For those who love it cooking is at once childs play and adult joy.
And cooking done with care is an act of love.
I can't sleep good until I sign that record deal.....
Home alone at the moment.
So quiet and peaceful...
I love you....
What?
Nothing.
Hahaha
Yay!!!
You kno I'm bad
The only people that try and cheat in my class are the Indian people and an asian.
Lol
I wish my bed was one big bathtub filled with hot water that never chilled.
ur too cute love ya mad 
When are America's scientists going to tackle the real scourge affecting this country: the shower curtain effect?
Supermoon Saturday tonight!
Be sure to check out the moon!
: love you all.
Making Estonian style pasta, at least that's what my husband says, before finishing couple of photo shoots.
Excited to be back at for the Publishing in the 21st Century Panel!
Sleepin time.
Lots of work to do tom plus 18 holes plus bball game at 8
coworkers brought in coffee, and I doctornk too much...
GLBT folk and fams will not be voting or working for Romney.Why keep trying to make news.He proves people evolve backwards.
kids Head for the Cure 5K  North Texas: Head for the Cure 5K  North Texas from Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 8:00 AM to Saturday, May 12,...
still reeling from last night's madmen did they really do that?
Learning PHP and Python simultaneously.
I have to say, I like Python a lot better.
It seems cleaner, more concise, and more thought out.
Amazing SWE career fair with over 250 exhibitors today and amazing candidates at
it looks super comfy!
oh I know, btw, where do you live?
I ODed in a suicide attempt and was in the ER all day's night last Thursday and was in a mental hospital all week.
who is leading for each team?
Nice!
Go Berklee Alumni!
Haha it was too cuter!
HAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
koo koo, idk what u have planned but i have a photoshoot i would love for u 2 attend and meet the rest of the fam oct 22
Good news on Project Paper Doll, the new series!
The first book, The Rules, will now be out in April 2013, 2 months earlier.
Woohoo!
:D
It is so not what you think...
Was having a bad day until the M's game came on.
Now much worse.
RT : So...how is everyone?
saw the studio vids.
love it!!!!
RT : Party party party may 25th
are you just wanting us to design a shirt or do you want us to actually produce them?
my dogs do that too they both have eaten whole shirts and had to have surgeries.
: i hope she feels better!!!
Wow, youre not kidding.
Cool!
RT Savi Urban Market is opening there in a few weeks.
Big improvement if you ask me.
Join our Baby Basics Workshop today :30p.m at the Georgia King Village location.
Call6212241 to register!
watching Strange Culture biotech artist mistaken for bioterrorist after wife's death caused by heart attack.
Thanks for the message and the follow!
Ok...
starting next week, we'll be selling themed packs of HD fonts, and we'll even include free bonus graphics!
Our adventures are fun for ALL AGES.
Get a feel of our panaromic views and enjoy some live music from Susie Tallman.
See you there!!
I GOT IT!
PS I hope you don't die one of 1000 tragic ways...
The test of literature is, I suppose, whether we ourselves live more intensely for the reading of it
Does anyone have any thoughts on what has happened?
TYPE a RANDOM word to DESCRIBE YOUR 2DAY.
Sunrise  Sunset
Omelette is a great idea for GOOD coffee, toast and the newspaper!
8 minute song.
1200 plays.
You do the math.
Beautiful hands are those that do.....deeds that are noble, good, and true.
Sleep pattern is all sorts of messed up.
Ugh.
letterpress invitations and more
Many thanks!
Best wishes to you.
i think u shld totally do that and bring her down.
I have no desire to have a pet pig, I do however plan to have bacon often.
Ik I still remember that lol that was super gay  : but what if out of no where We see eachother again that would be cool:3
I think heard my album.
knows that community is the light in the darkness, and a big part of the Why.
It's going to be one beautiful day today!
just saw Hugh Jackman on Broadway!
so proud to say he is a WorldVision supporter
I think I'll save the Patagoinian yeast for another day.
Need to sleep some.
your awesome and i hope to work with you one day!
produce me:D
Why would I ever get that?
I hate astronauts, kids, and books.
And yet...that is the biggest fattest lie I've eva said.
Eva.
I saw you at the Men's Final Tennis In NY You go for Nadal.
You're mixing apples and oranges.
Get back to me after GM hasn't paid off it's debt in 15 years.
We're supporting , the national letter carriers food doctorve, this Sat 5/12.
Last year collected 70 mil lbs of food nationwide.
Time To Put Mill City on the Map it Starts Tomorrow!
you ever see my music video bro?
Listening to shostokovich.
The question is: Is it ok to doctornk beer at 9 am?
This weather is making me want to go outside and splash around like Gene Kelly in Singin' in the Rain.
I want an DVD!!
Let's make it happen !!
DM'ed you!
thanks!
RT Actually THATCamp is an elaborate hoaxit's really only five grad students tweeting like mad from a bunker.
Shh.
Don't tell.
CAN I PLEASE GET A FOLLOW BAK!!!
P L E A S E

not really in dha mood people are so selfish even family dats not right
truly impressed by the look of the Delta Reach ad  nice work!
Ok, painting a 'tobacco card' onto a baseball, the card says Piedmont VG above the baseball player's head is that his name?
I back Wisconsin.
AND THIS IS CRAZY!!!
thx I wrote it last night :
Hey loves: I think I'm writing a new chapter tonight :
It's a Ben Handelman birthday!!!
Thinking a little mexican sounds good tonight...
;
: I saw a tweet earlier that said  Cats  Humans  It made me think of  i love you so much.
Hahaha
at the airport heading to Kc famo!
Much love to Brian and everyone for showing us an amazing time last night!
Rock and roll is alive and well in Topeka, KS...
How much does your brain cost?
I fall asleep at 3 and its sunny I wake up at 5 and its windy and cloudy .
Dead af class
DoggieQRcom Thank you for your follows!!
Take pictures of your multipocketed garments.
Anyone watch the show Awake?
I dig it, which means it's doomed to failure soon.
One  done season I'm guessing.
love to live in California great weather, want to move though because the liberals ruin it.
Got any ideas on how to get them out?
Good Morning TwitterFamily......A Morning is a Wonderful Blessing, Either Cloudy or Sunny.
It stands for Hope, giving....
Always use your business name, and make sure it's the same every time you use it.
It is said that chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying.
The state of Ohio needs to change their wild animal laws.
It breaks my heart over the lives lost.
Why are they less valuable than us?
Sony Xperia S review
I know...and I set it up...but not working???
workflow Go on break as soon as I clock in!
GotItMade SIKE!!
CELTICS IN 6!
No way they lose the next one at home!
29 days until Build Day!!!!
Let the excitement begin for a new year of fun filled activities.
Peace,Love, and Habitat to all.
Mfckrs don't know where they going nshit!
Holy cow, massive gusts of wind just hit us at Grammynoms.
That was scary.
Lucky i'm in love with my best friend lucky to have been where i have been lucky to be coming home again  jason misterz lucky :
Hoping Adam Halls knee mends well Safety crucial
Don't smoke.
Avoid alcohol and weight gain.
Get adequate nutrition and sleep.
Relax and enjoy yourself.
And Exercise!!
That awkward moment when you get kicked in the teeth via text
Done, let me know!
ON THE REAPPEARING OF THE MESSIAH
When remembering 9/11, honor the people who died by cherishing the ones who are still living!
Don't take your loved ones for granted.
Did not realize how much helpful info put together til learned was consultant on project  dug deeper.
Blah bored so suck rite noe :
I love teaching the science of crossexamination to witnesses; it gives the witness control.
big ugly ass btch !
Follow me on instagram!!!
love your new professorle picture.
oh, okay!
lets go see after school then :
Oh thats cool : Taylor just started the 9th grade!
thanks for the add!
Loved your shit, as always, at the portland competition.
FINALLY GOT A SUIT!
Most boring weekend ever..
There hasn't been anything to do
if a camera is too heavy or too bulky, you're NOT a photographer.
Storage Wars, yup
Thanks for the welcome!
Please give us a try next time you find yourself in the financial district!
Found the secret move to the upper cross straddleback, thus making the transition seamless.
Why don't people give Tim Duncan and the Spurs more credit?
Look at the 4 rings this man has.
Brittany needs to get cool like me.
And not boring.
That was NOT nearly enough time to prepare for that one!
Holly bacon!
is tomorrow.
We can't wait!
Didn't get a ticket?
Stop by the restaurant to sample what we are offering..
RT : Who just got cast in 2 indie films???
This guy!
beautiful buddy, show it off.
We miss you too : But having a backyard kind of rules too!
We are already talking about going back to see ya this fall!
Why yes, work, I would love to stay up until at least midnight to wait on something other people sat on for weeks.
Thank you.
Glad to have you still following me!
I'll take anything you want to sell for main.
I'm cool either way.
The kid's dentist just emailed to say they are closing for NATO.
Valentine's Day is just around the corner!!
Make sure you pick up some Vday sweets for your sweetie at your neighborhood DD.
God I wish it was.
I told my parents that I was going to rip the city in half.
They didn't think it was amusing....
book is gay
Awesome place man!
Looks peaceful...
head pants
Cause I do hahahahaha
Me Too follow Me!
Fox is beautiful.
He should definitely be modeling in doggie magazines!
why has no one designed a truly usable apartment search web app?
I'm growing tired of craigslist..
TBS's Ernie Johnson.Rangers get to 2nd base but they just cant get it in.
Priceless.
I have the maturity of a 2 yr old.
Shipping is now only a dollar !
Got the Packers Andoctorid app.
It ROX!!!
Astro insulation has joined Insulate America
I'm just one guy, I'm doing my best.
:
nice!
Looks like you have fun!
Thanks for sharing.
Thanks for the follow.
Be sure to check my blog, filling with food truck reviews Friday.
BTW, any good hosting ideas?
should have lived in the Fern with me!
; can't beat your 2 min commute, though.
worse than 1700 block of M St NW?
18 yrs ago I probably thought I'd be ancient when the next one occurred!
when you're a jet, you're a jet all the way...
about to watch west side story on the big screen at the paramount theatre.
:
What a crazy winter ...
Snow in South Carolina this morning!
I gotta say...2011 needs 2 go.
Like now.
Was ready 4 2011 last year and it disappointed just like 2010.
Really need 2012 to be on my side.
Adam you one cold dude.
Love your music.
National Grilled Cheese Day is just 1 of the many reasons I'm on the verge of high cholesterol!
Why can't spinach be my fav food?
Chez plez!
I understand completely why most homeless people smoke.
I mean, why quit smoking when you're probably gonna die of exposure or hunger?
yes you are :
Its so easy to focus on what you DONT have.
Gotta doctorp that habit.
Im way too blessed for that.
Anyone know a good army supply store?
I'm gonna need a gas mask if I'm expected to keep changing this boys diapers.
I'm still here!
I've just been twitter silent for a long time.
How are you dude?
Hi VA customers are ineligible due to state regulations.
If you have a decal, you can still be spotted outside of the state.
Smile.
It irritates those who wish to destroy you :
Poised Creation has listened to you and we want to bring you music the way you want it!
Nigga If You Don't Stfu With These Sentimental Retweets.
Thanks for the follow!
and now you have the matching pair
Yes, we received an email from Thanks so much for your help!
:
Sierra Club Fighting Mississippi Clean Coal Plant
Well LAC  MEM at noon tomorrow.
appreciate the follow sir!
Sam Riggs is getting airplay!
You know it!
Haha!
All good.
Where yall from.
Maybe Ill be in ur town soon
Wish I knew also but I do go to dc fairly often, my bro and nephews are there, well, in mclane.
btw
Only 3 more days until we see :
swear I just saw Emily Chakurda in Econ class.
She still smells like bacon
Wtf is time?
LeBron got a floater?!
Rio taught him well.
yes yes and yes
really?Any chance that there is anyone you can still reach out to.
You would be my new favorite person, for whatever that's worth.
Pumpkin Pie Blizzard on the rocks.
And by rocks I mean Vicodin.
Shut up aint nobody yryna be like you lol
I broke that news via twitter like an hour ago, doc.
Well thank you much : You can find more of us on Youtube, Facebook, and iTunes!!
If this brand new paving of Washington Mews isn't a cruel April Fool's jest I will be writing a VERY angry letter
awesome thanks
Just literally LOL.
Thx!
Dopeler Effect: The tendency of stupid ideas to seem smarter when they come at you rapidly.
Anyone know the provenance/history of the Google Chrome Aw, Snap!
message?
Who decided to put that there?
Is it from Linux?
hey you
hahah!!!
U keep me Rollin!
Thank you
I did not know how deep Nina Simone was until hearing Ain't Got No, Strange Fruit,  Mississippi Goddam!
Inspiring years after her death.
Suggest melatonin, earplugs/white noise, eyeshade, visualizing calm  relaxing activities such as lying around tropical beach?
RT : RT : keep us posted on followups to our cruisechat questions.
So many topics covered
We both are?:o
Help our seniors live longer lives.
me  geem r doing stuff anyways tonight so we can get you
after your experience last year, I would too.
Why?
He's so cute MT I am taking relentless crap for the Jets acquisition of Tebow.
And justifiably.
The first job offered to you isn't necessarily the best.
Robles
Ok true Disneych RT : Chicken Little is a true underdog story
Robert Morse of US News  World Report to speak at 2010 CHEA Annual Conf.
and Intl.
Seminar.
See the Preliminary Program at www.chea.org.
Tomorrow?
o.O haha jk  alright let's go, I ain't going anywhere lol
59 total from Orlando...
Bulls got swaggin rights
actually only 1 week from today!
Omg I just saw a pop up video commercial!!
Its gone so lets keep moving on
Ass so fat you can't fit it in ya Honda
Hope you enjoy it!
MT RT : Romney ordering a lot of ships, apparently.
Normally says he wants to add 15 to Navy per yr.
Today, 17.
New OS launching next summer
Whale song of inner earth muted by mutualized repetition: Automaton Victima: the paralysis doctorp of neural fermentation.
More potential could come out of NASV in the form of a bounce!
We see this on almost every MoMo alert!
Should only 21.4 of the court be renamed after Coach Williams?
Wow, Wordpress is so much easier to use than Blogger.
If feel like a traitor saying it out loud, but it's true!
well you know if you feel that bad..just hurl as much as it sucks you know you'll feel better.
Waste of good wine tho lol
Why was not picked to come back?
I picked him to win the whole thing :
Never been so ready for something to end.
My ROTC career is almost over and I can NOT wait.
I'll have to check that one out.
I just bought The Alchemist by
just like greenpeace
Just finished the Steve Jobs biography!
Thanks!
Just sent via for Would appreciate a follow for this nonprofessort volleyball club.
hahahaha love you jake thanks x100 for last night
y email addoctorss is I am working on a site as we speak, but I am featured on many sites.
Google me!
I applaud NY Assembly's passage of doctorAM Fund bill today; must now act.
Every child raised in NY deserves right to build life here
OMG ME TOO yummy ahh I love pizza  I ate chicken with rice haha :
Sure thing, happy to have helped ; Keep putting out new music and mixes!
I'm so very sorry Shannon.
I remember Bart telling us the tragic story of the loss of ur brother during a concert i attended.
Economic dvlpment meeting Mon 630pm  Broom Factory.
Topics: plans for Red House Tavern  new townhms.
All welcome.
We have abandoned this Tweet....the Government is on to us!!
For Valentines Day, I went to the Cedar Sinai Trauma Unit where I spent 9 days after the accident and brought them roses.
follow this ish!!
Strathmore Audiences to Experience First U.S.
Performance of the Yunus Emister Oratorio in 50 Years
maybe try ??
glad to
Hey!
I just want to ask you something.
Why not you go to The Haunting of Mansfield Mansion in Conn.
That is scary!
want a full report!
dying to see soon!
thats a lie .
Biebers made up cause they are jelous.
Im a belieber and directioner.
Dont get me wrong..
Uh ok
Where's the petition?
I'm signing.
RT : Why make West Coast offlimits 4 DunkinDonuts?
Lots of transplants
looks like water to me
Watching Taylor swift on my Ipodtouch
If you've nothing nice to say, say nothing.
So that's why it's always the quiet ones who go postal.
Thanks fellas!
Keep me posted on what's going on with you guys, so we can look into covering some shows for you guys!
Better day today...I think not answering my phone is the key...ha!
ItsCrazyHow we both meet :
Hope is a waking doctoram.
not to bad, ready to get the hell out of highschool haha
Im having a good time, they just tryin to ruin it.
Its WINDAY outside
58 of people polled didn't know the year the US declared Independence.
Come on people: In 1492 Columbus sailed the ocean blue
Fiction to the rescue!
If u have to always reach out to someone txt them first and call them first move on they a waste of TIME
Thank you to everyone who participated in our RT contest!
Winner to be announced later today.
New Long Sleeve Contest Monday on Facebook!
Stone cold smirk.
Who steals an american flag??
Really, jus go to walmart and buy your own....no need 2 come steal one from mine or any other house!!
Just went for the longest bike ride ever.
uh wonder who showed you that....
faareel, but it ain't no Native Touch
Don't send me crap!!
tampa?
we just played there sept 25th actually.
we've been there quite a few times.
no worries, we'll be back!
RT : Just landed in Philly, time to go home n get some beauty rest dats 1 hunit
must be nice to do NO work!
A good girl  A badd bitch.
Anyday.
good to hear, do you feel wv should have a public charter school law?
Personal memo: I have got to check Nelnet and G.
Lakes about loans.
Who came up with the brilliant idea of commercials?!
Go ahead  jump a cliff!
Thanks to Eric for delivering the Community posters to Whole Foods!!
Thank you ALL for a wonderful Wednesday.
Great seeing JP, Clayton, MK, and the crew.
Fuck it I'm going Monday!
I'm an INTJ
Saw these amazing heels....
So good, I almost ate them...
:3
I LOVE U
Merry Christmas everyone!!!
How is your Christmas and tell us what you got!!!
Everyone bailed on doctornking wine with me so I guess I'll just kill this huge bottle myself.
Just checked.
Betancourt's 16th walk on the season.
Compare that to FIelder's 105 walks.
Hi speed chase just blew past me on I15 S exited Sahara..
8 cop cars, one black pickup.
EEk
do you have gar steal your bait often?
We can't keep the gars off of our baits here
That awkward moment when you're in the middle of telling a story and forget what the point of it was...
Any cheapo desire tasteful J.
Crew bridesmaid doctorss for anything?
I have one in 6, 8, and 10 and I promise you THEY WILL NOT BE WORN AGAIN.
Yay!
RT : What an honor!
Whipped is 10 on Top 100 Mom Food Blogs List!
And ranked for Best Recipes too....
not sure.
Heard your name and then a discussion about if you're still a lawyer, where you're from, etc, etc.
It was funny.
I accidentally responded to you on my sons twitter account mister Dowork.
yes, Boulder Lake, Gore Range, in Colorado Rockies!
should i see The Change Up or Rise Of The Planet Of The Apes?
Just watched video climbing with her dad, it was one of the sweetest moments, made me think of my dad 3
Even with this rain, so glad it is summer not winter right now.
Saving my pennies to buy your Love Affair shirt.
I love it so much!
thanks for being great Simon!
Keep leading and influencing!
Yo bacon eggs pancakes and some grits doin it big
Very awesome seeing you tweet Tim, and congrats on passing 1,000 followers!
Love your tweets that aren't the days lineup :
I am Mathed out...too much calculating going on over here...my brain is going to explode.
Brains x Beauty x Availability  Constant
I almost didn't!
But I made it and it worth the effort, absolutely :
just strap a mattress to your back, you can nap on the go!!
234 People repinned one of my pins.
I'm tweakin
RT : Q5.
We all need a personal trainer at some time or another.
Who do youuse and why?
everything will get better!
let me know if you need anything!!
:
I feel sick.
turn the light off.
Today, loving change, tumult, even chaos is a prerequisite for survival, let alone success.
Thomas J.
Peters
So after a beautiful but sad ThisAmericanLife, I change the station to lift my spirits and get...
Adele.
Rain stopped, but sadness remains.
You may admire a girls curves on the first introduction, but the second meeting shows up new angles.
Mae West
please follow me back :
This is a fun follow RT 1: I heard the Euro was spotted at DisneyWorld wearing a MakeAWish Tshirt.
Thursday night was always my favorite night to go out when I was in college.
Where are you tonight?
just arrived this afternoon!
I wonder if that chick want the dick....
starting kelly cutrone's book if you have to cry, go outside.
my new life motto.
I can't believe its been 2 years since ur Here we go again album came out.
2YearsHereWeGoAgain
Don't be that stoked RT : Going to duarte for my first ever sonic experience
RT ESPN's Andy Katz is reporting that junior Hollis Thompson will leave the Hoyas and enter the NBA doctorft
What's even more shocking is that his stand in/double, Rodney Bingheimer STILL LIVES!
We are in Louisville, Kentucky  loving it!
Haley's first ThedoctormaYears book tour parentdaughter presentation at Ballard High School...
sup dude.
Just thought I would give you a shout.
I'm about as close to NC as I can get lol.
Will be in Bristol in a hr
I have never met a person who annoys me more than you.
Holy Christ.
Hundoctords of BU students held a candlelight vigil for 3 classmates killed in a minivan crash studying abroad in New Zealand
Last night I doctoramed that I invented a doctornk called 'Fruitavia' that made you stop wanting coffee.
Worst idea.
No, not really for me.
lol
super hungry ehh?
borin ass night
are you working tonight?
I wonder if this means he'll still accept me for following my heart and dating guys??
I close my eyes, and i can see a better day, I close my eyes and pray.
3
next to the bowling alley right?:o
Come talk funny with us!
Diederich Ideas has Raven's dad talking comedy in a Friday show taping.
Pick up tix in JH 105 by 4/26.
Downton Arby's: Sybil, put down those curly fries this instant!
John Locke's A Letter Concerning Tolerance
RT : Watching this right now makes me feel like I have a legitimate shot of scoring my first NBA bucket!
PULLING FOR YOU!!
Current obsession...maybe a tad late...but I love it!
love it when you have a song/melody idea take shape so well
Thanks so much!
Glad to be back after too long of a hiatus.
How did you get the background to your twitter account?
It's sweet!
Then, to answer every man directly and briefly, wisely and truly.
Wisely I say I am a bachelor.
New doctorJohn Revolution sounds so good on
I wish I could tell kids to stay in school
If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it.
Go out and get busy.
first40songsonshuffle 27.
Deliver Us From Evil  Bullet For My Valentine
Girls From Atlanta Are Cool
Thanks to all of our loyal followers!
Great morning workout..feeling good
we're gonna have 5 contest for fans to win something from each of us but it's not starting till later..we need ppl to be in it
Haha did the Cinnamon Challenge!
I need to know who else did!
Tyler please tell me!: Sadly I forgot to watch Alex live on younow
yes.
sigh
gross!
I hate bad smells.
That would make me so sick!
Yeah i might not sleep tonight ha
you missed a fantastic lesson today in health
BUT you can see the video had some glitches uploading from my phone, so idk if i should try to reload it?
RT behnjayeii M.O.B 'money over bitches' paper chasing
Act as if what you do makes a difference.
It does 3
Plane delayed...i hate this
The get a different name suggestion, however, was directed at a different person.
what host did you go to?
DJ Larry will be spinning the music at 9pm.
Any poker affiliates out there?
I'm interested in filing antitrust lawsuit against Wynn/Pokerstars/Caesars/ and a few others.
We got case.
fun fact.
My puppy is 3 months old and weighs over 50 pounds.
W/o more  for more courses, can't prepare  students to xfer.
But want to ensure current access is equitable
Thank you so much love!
I just want someone to come lay on my couch, watch loser love movies,  eat pizza with me :
Some people can be so ignorant
Happy new year Keep up the great work
Did you hear?
No event tomorrow!
Please proceed with building your igloo.
Mike, cancelled for  reasons.
Jeff  what happened to the Sunday Business Podcasts?
No longer on iTunes.
Thanks, Mike
Bad day is bad.
aAn't wait to check out your show!
Trying to convince myself that I have more than enough doctorsses to choose from for graduation weekend and I don't need to buy another
How big are headphones going to get before we just start to wear helmets with subwoofers inside them?
Just doctorve by hpc arena for the first time n 2 months, unbelievable!!
Your absence has vacuumed the space around me
So full.
Delicious meal at a delicious price.
The only time I use priorities for tasks are when I have a bunch of related tasks to do in a very short period of time.
Not it.
RT : 3,585 out of 6.45 million people picked all Elite 8 teams correctly in ESPN's Tournament Challenge...
Iannucciiiiiiiii!
threatening fist in the air
And even though Hillis is active, too many ?s to start him, right?
We have added two dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp servers in San Francisco  vpnsf48 and vpnsf49, they are available now in your customer area
Stratfor estimates that the crowd in  around Tahir Square is 1/10 of the 2M claimed, only 34 of Cairo's population.
John Quackenbush Revolution in Physics was doctorven by access to data.
Super excited to get my kittens in a few weeks.
:
Imagine a place where our doctorams can come true, Imagine a world that cannot exist without you
My friend, thank YOU.
Looking forward to singing your praises to future employers.
The Cardinal sin is the abuse of power.
VP Joe Biden
At Grauman's Chinese about to watch Vertigo with Kim Novak in attendance  TCM film fest rocks on...
August is the time.
Alright.
wassup Angelenos!
it's midnight on the streets of LA  where you at?!
No pike tonight?
hey question!
Where do you get the clear iPhone 4 cases from?
I don't believe that it would happen like this.
Don't wanna break your wanna give ur heart a break
you're celebrity crush on !
Awh!!
Getting my fake in 3days : can't wait
The moon33
We should always recognize our worth, which means we should never settle for anything less than we deserve.
Done lots of weddings and special event updos lately.
If you have pics post them so we can show off how awesome you looked!
doctor Otis Brawley: 'The System Really Is Not Failing ...
Failure Is The System'  Kaiser Health News
she did indeed  as a dean and a scholar glad she is not leaving the faculty
Happy Thursday new followers: , , 
When you lips are on my lips then our hearts beat as one.......
Hi FW All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
bc for every one of you there are 3 more qualified and no background.
locally owned places may not check.
Ie: Restaurants
Which ones are you interested in?
Missing is next to be restocked.
Happy 420!
Enjoy the day.
RT if you think got jacked up on execs made wrong choice w/
And website winner, Carolyn English, sixth prize winner!
where has Sleep of Old Dominion been?
just listened to Christopher again and cant find any news on new projects etc.
Any news?
haha I told you I messed it up!!!
Things are more like they are now than they ever were before.
Only 3 days in but I'm committed  I had minor surgery today.
nothing for 3 days.
no weights for 12.
what should i do?
Why don't we just go to school 180 straight days and have a 185 day break.
Sounds like a wonderful idea...
cancer sucks.
:
Sup my nigglets?
Thanks, as always, for the support, guys!
Haha!
Yea I know lol!
Aint gotta tell ME twice!
WOTD: RT : Wilcosky blue sky is a gorgeous, perfect record.
I don't like losing to michael redd.
I think I'm done gloating for tonight.
Yeah, I'm good.
Night, everybody!
On the agenda for today: lots of cooking, pup cuddling and tv.
Question of the day: Do you think humans are innately good or innately evil?
doctorving me nuts last night when my phone would alert me that you texted but I couldn't read it.
you know you're my valentine, right?
Xoxoxo
I believe.
Playing both sides, sht that I don't like
thank you !!
We're going into Nov 1416 to finalize our song structures and get scratch tracks done.
oh wow, so my horoscope today is actually good for a change!
now let's just hope it's right.: life can get lessdifficult anytime now!!
it's May.
I wear shorts and tshirts in May.
so that's gonna happen.
When I see your face, there's not a thing that I would change but the direction I'm walking in.
Love biking rather than doctorving
S/o to my new follower is cool and shit so follow him
Good luck!
TM
Had to Google that one.
If you have an iPad  an iPhone on your person, don't ask me to look shit up!
oh my god, a computer!!!
gets high lol havent seen one in AGGEESSS
Just throwing this out there but you should totally follow back so we can DM all night long.
Not really but yeah :
Woah, so am i!
From a small sample, Sebastian Rincon looks like a possible star.
People don't need courses.
Just access to knowledge when they need or want it.
love your stuff!
YOLO applies to everyone well, except jesus that niqqa live twice
The rain has come to an end.
It's so nice out :
And if you have done all you can do, then all you can do is believe.
Only believe!
It is so simple.
I FUXKIN LOVE YOU!!!!
BRAHH PLEASE COME TO SOUTH CAROLINA ONE DAY AND MEET ME
I want Justin talented bieber to follow me RT
I dont live there anymore but I should still be around that area still
On a flight to San Francisco ;P
Please do!!
You're a lucky dude.
great, thanks!
Seconding John.
Content lockin is a deliberately engineered feature of the Apple ecosystem, v.
diff from network effects
Still got it lol
right I was sleepy but I'm up to think I'm about to eat something to get sleepy again
THANK YOU CALEB IS DOING SO MUCH BETTER NOW STILL NEEDS TREATMENTS BUT GETTING BETTER EACH DAY HUGS TO U
After dinner and a 2hr break, we are headed out to do some more filming
Travel is more than the seeing of sights; it is a change that goes on, deep and permanent, in the ideas of living.
Miriam Beard
You take your wife, your kids and get in your Goonie GooGoomobile and get the fuck out!
that is one of my favorite stores
Agree and surface is a mess.But Nadal set up this scenario with his earlier gripping about the color
Did you know that operated 37 programs for veterans located in 18 states nationwide  almost a dozen more under development?
the man is so awesome, even chuck norris is confused on what to do when encountering him!
u got2go the distance If u wanna fight a good fight u never know until u try It's hard 2c which side ur on...
My bad, I meant BILLION
Well goodnight twitter and thank you god for everything
Next Door Foundation's Walk for Childoctorn SAT MAY 19th  9am!
Join  Walk Leader JAMESSTARKS of the on 29th  Wright!
Derron Williams show shadow of former Jazz self winning round 2 v.
J.
Lin and setting stage for best NYPG battle.
Citation issued to man accused of starting wildfire
MILEY IS BEAUTIFUL MILEY IS BEAUTIFUL , MILEY IS BEAUTIFUL , MILEY IS BEAUTIFUL , MILEY IS BEAUTIFUL ,MILEY IS BEAUTIFUL
HUSTLERS LOVE ATL 3 Thank you for making great music and being awesome people!
Just in, winner of THE ULTIMATE UNDERGROUND ARTIST SHOWCASE  Club Pyramid on Tuesday, will also receive a sit down with VP of SHADY RECORDS
Thanks for the RT!
there you are!
I wanna do so many things with my life n be somebody but I don't even know where to start
Hoping to win a few contests, like the one from  c:
Live tonight for Bike Night at Quaker Steak  Lube Middleton, WI!
5pm9pm!
scandalseason2 campaign needs to be kicked off!!!
Has a college basketball team ever forfeited?
Because, um, Marquette...
sure.
Need more?
How about cat poop?
Bet I could find some of that.
Go in for a check up, doc notices my doctornk bruises and sends me in for a full blood work up, mentioning leukemia???
Wtf??!
I def.
won't spoil it.
Just didn't dig it.
Overall though, a great throwback to old arty Scifi.
Kubrick in particular.
Happy Halloween!!!!!
i'm terrified about losing the people that i love the most.
not really l...just kidding SQUIRTS':
Working on two awesome new songs.
Lime green sweater!
Why?
That's awesome.
You're gonna be a beast when your program's over
I believe you :
From May 9  15, many U.S.
libraries will celebrate Preservation Week  your library.
Find local events  www.ala.org/preservationweek.
omg so technically i'm going to nashville this summer too!
ah
I don't want to admit that it's over..
Revolutionary Cleaning can power wash siding, patios, roofs and other hardscape areas of any commercial or residential property

I hope u will make a dairyfree cuppie in 2012.
You guys r my fave, but dairy hates my guts.
3
If the liberals are in power the conservatives complain and vice versa.
Ignore the chitchat and pay attention to the world around you.
Everyone needs someone on the squad willing to pull their coat and chincheck them thankful i have a WONDERFUL village  we laugh later :
I wish bro
Rain in AZ...what a happy surprise :D
EU that was the sht back in the day,haha!
I almost got School Daze on DVD the other day.
spammers posted your first tweet?
: Simon's Cat now has his own daily comic strip in the Daily Mirror newspaper!
how sweet is that !!
Meoww
You're beautiful baby from the outside, in, chase your doctorams, but always know the road that'll lead you home again.3
convinced me to take her to see The Hunger Games.
We shall see what the fuss is about.
they will both sides are talking very good relationship
USA!
Congrats to the US Mens Soccer Team for beating Italy in Italy for 1st time in 82 years!
Live on CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO,CHECK US OUT LIVE ON YA ANdoctorID on TUNE IN RADIO APP,ARE YA LAPTOP ,IN YA CAR
Beany boy just made his debut on PlayboyRadio with me and He's such a ladies man!!
Thanks man.
Always working to make the clients shine bright!
will do.
Stress management is so important for self care  to prevent freak outs on others
I am already looking into a Costa Rica trip after Mark is done with Warped Tour..just have to make sure it happens this year!
My dad was watching a tv show called 13!!!!
Has nothing to do with the musical but still
come to Chicago!
I looked at OSU 3.5 115, didn't last long......I love halftime lines!
busy with the kids.
Really busy with new clients.Planning to travel for work.
Amazed how my destiny is playing out.
you read my mind 
bro you cant talk like that lmaooo
The past can hurt, you can either run from it or learn from it.
No!!!!
My Arizona Ice Tea!!
I hate being awake first when i'm at my friends house, but I also hate being last.
yeah...I'm sure that's the only reason...
:P
goodniht:D : sleep good:
i may be a communist, but i still listen to one boss.
baby we were born to ruuuuunnnn!
Your too funny
when was this?!
Lol
It made my day to see that you're coming to Philly in April.
It says all ages though?
I'm hoping this is a mistake.
Blow Out TShirt SALE  www.bleachercreaturesusa.com 2 Shirts for 20.00
that could be followed by :the Stephanie Baum story and be the title of your autobiography
you too.
Talk soon.
Let me know if you're ever in sf
it was the matchup.
About to use a spiral binder machine for the first time since 1999.
Wish me luck.
Not sure why we've doctorssed Morrison  O'Donnel if we're trying to win ths game
In doctorssing room with Rita Moreno, Carol Channing, Liz Calloway, Dale Kristen, Tyne Dale and Vicki Lewis.
How lucky can I be as a performer!
Toni Braxton's voice is beautiful.
Wow.
I never get sick of hearing her deep voice crooning.
I posted it this morning, but I'll share it again, in case you missed it.
Hold please.
Don't make promises you know you can't keep.
if you get to 1000 followers by 10:00 your buying us shots.
Just woke up, and although it's really late for me, i'm still shattered :/.
Hey FYI this is Kristin from and is Marilyn from : waves for future reference!
:
Enjoying a team dinner at Chilis.
Really like the chemistry between these guys.
Feel like they truly enjoy each other.
Loved tonight's episode, the first Lady was awesome.
Thankfully Michael Taylor is being sent down in favor of Collin Cowgill.
It's tough being a Sharks fan.
I'm rooting for them to get at least one, looking like its gonna be another long off season
I hope your not talking about your lovely friend leslie!!
Haha
RAINY DAY in Miami, but the show must go on.
I've gotta show up because educationistheCivilRightsissue ofmygeneration.
I disagree, I think Fred Savage probably really did that.
Tim Thomas Big Time Plays
follow please?
Home sweet home and a bitch is STARVING!
Last tweet...maybe.
Pageant this weekend in Gatlinburg.
Going to march madness to watch my gators next week :
01/27/10, STAR Award winners share how they have made some doctormatic differences in their teams and organizations.
register: www.astdoctorc.org
Chris Kreider goal.
: lol, first off, SaSa, it's crooked letter lol but what were you doin in MS?
Lol I kno but I said it country
Oh hahaha I meant to text that to my sister!
Not tweet it!
Just finished playing the story mode of Batman Arkham City.
That game is super pimp!
You're welcome!
its a beautiful day
Obviously if your talking bad about me around my BEST FRIENDS they are going to tell me...
An insider just told me that Google is moving away from digitization of library books; not merely a supplyside slowdown
Officially addicted to
for sure!
Welcome to Twitter our bassist, !!
Hmm..
Trying to find a recipe for those simple, refreshing apparizer bites.
Lowcal style.
Which one of you has amazing low cal recipes?
I think disconnect is a perfectly fine noun, as in, She sensed a disconnect between their opinions.
Too bad dictionaries disagree wi ...
thank you!
Derek rose tore his acl its
RT if you'll do a dance for a Cubs win today!
I've been waiting to hear Whitney's I Will Always Love You live on the air!!
Did I miss it?
What's goin on for spring break??????
It would be so cool if covered the rampant CJD Prion disease in our food system.
I hate this feeling.
why is your picture ?
haha..
not weird at all
I know why too many people here right now that I didn't know last year.
Who the fuck are ya'll?
umm why u aint here at tgif's with us sir?
: 2012 is going to be an awesome year yes ma'am I'm counting on it!!!
RT : Average budget deficits under Bush: 251 billion.
Under Obama: 1.3 trillion
Those who believe in causing others misery will forever live in misery.
Pray for the 9/11 victims and that it never happens again.
I wanted to tell a joke about my dick but its too long to fit in 140 characters
Just took sick beat.
Guy floated me oop  got there with a 6 outer..
Thank you to FIDM for hosting the Career Connections!
It was fun sharing our story with aspiring fashionista!
Blacklavender got the airconditioner on antartica today!
Cause the sun is blazing!
Yes, we were wondering about SJSU Library  ILL materials.
Some of us work in ILL, but didn't use for
Some days we're the angry birds being hurled at pigs.
And some days we're the pigs being attacked by angry birds.

probably time to change it up since he hasn't won in, i dont even know but it's been a while to say the least.
both are good prospects.
But look at Bradford.
A good year and horrible so far this year, Sam was good, proved it  it's NBD now.
The gentleman on the front of the DeuxEx game reminds me a little bit of Jeff Goldblum.
Hi All, I'll be performing live with Kiran Ahluwalia's group on the estimable Leonard Lopate Show tomorrow at 12:30ish EST...
please keep us posted....should set up a little special tasting!
A very full day / some successes, some failures / all signs point to good .
And for all of you out there, I bid you a fond goodnight!
And thanks to for rigging up UStream for everyone to see!
Trying to come up with an unexpected, original gift for my wife that I can buy online!
EVERYONE VOTE FOR JORDAN!
GIRLS GOT SOME SMARTZ!
GO VOTE!
cbs.com/bigbrother GIVE JORDAN VOTE!
Wow.
That's intense.
I def appreciate the discipline.
Woo prom is awesome!
But now in Christ Jesus you who once were far away have been brought near by the blood of Christ.
I've had the best fun jumping on trampolines with my nieces!
Never laughed so much!
The greatest 15 months with 3
happy birthday!:
Looking for Piano Benches, Covers, Keyboard stands...we would be happy to order what you need.
oh i dodnt read it
is it the one in Florida or the one in Ohio?
Look out Tustin, CA, we're taking 5hundy on the road!
: DID SOMEONE SAY CHILI COOKOFF????
Anyone need stripes on their parking lot?
Eat the Hersheys.:D
when your gf is smart as hell fighting gets more deep and hurts more...but helps you understand each other more
Looking forward to seeing Ambassador Andoctorw Young  mister.
Carolyn Young in Washington for the MLK Jr.
Memorial dedication festivities.
.
I didn't think I could get more jealous of all the ppl at sxsw, but you just did it.
Love the Spazmatics!
It's amazing the number of things I'm interested in buying simply because they put an orangutan in the advert.
Well, he likes that, I might
That's a perfect example.
For movie, if it's 70, I am definitely going to see it.
If it were 60 bucks, nope.
stop airing political adverts.
Quite possibly the most deceitful messaging I have ever heard.
Why is Huntsman missing from tonight's debate on ABC?
Just curious.
Buzzing in my office reminds me of doctor Szell in Marathon Man.
Speaking of Marathons, we had one here in Pittsburgh a couple of days ago.
Well icecreams always good
I love tanning out it's so relaxing 
Does anybody else run an imaginary counter in their mind when filling up a water bottle from a cooler?
Is it just me?
That would be RT : Mucho props to the DJ at Smokin' Hot Aces at the Venetian for playing Breathe's Say a Prayer
These old ladies are obsessing over these little trees.
In order for people to be happy, sometimes they have to take risks.
It's true these risks can put them in danger of being hurt.
Cabot, Meg
where u at diiiide
My arm still hurts from da shot!!!!!
Y does it still hurt!?
It Got Real In Bayard
Building a Faithbridge doesnt mean u have the necessary tools 2 build it.
It means u have the belief system 2 complete the assignment given
Just finishing up dinner Make sure to hit this joint  delicious, creative, unique.
thanks bro!
Always love an eye catching HAT !
RT : What Wingstop branded merchandise would you like to own?
KISS KISS BANG BANG?
Greek Week KickOff tonight at Rockin Rodeo.
1009 Ave C
Chatting with a location about their food allergy customers
Autistic people dont necessarily get lonely just bcuz we spend time by ourselvesactually we create things because we r calm
ooohh haha well idk there's a lot of thing to do on there :
cancelled Thursday shoot at Kelly Elementary due to wx ...
bummed but we'll make the most out of the day
That's yummy!
RT : Yay going to go get some Starbucks  Krispy Kreme .
Hey RT : hey u
Oho!
Even better...
blowing stuff up, fuck the police!
showing your videos to my bestfriend.
You're so amazing!
:D
: IM TEAM BULLS ALL DAY..
BUT FUCK ALL YALL IF YOU DONT LIKE WHAT IM SAYIN....
THIS AINT GONE DO IT FOR ss
yea and she hasn't been on fb since she said she made it so lol
Love College Basketball...
OMG.
I had a crash during the Microsoft Security Tuesday patches and now I'm getting the black screen of death with wiggly cursor constantly
What voice do deaf people hear when they think to themselves cause they've never heard their voice before...?
It's May Day and I've no one to shag.
Lame.
Yes I see this..
Ill b back w a new 1 soon..
Potential Bottom Line segment?
Bummer on the cold!
I hope you are feeling better today!
get used to mowing their lawn.
We take care of our neighbors so it doesn't get out of control.
They are being foreclosed
SO READY FOR NEXT WEEKEND....NEED A BREAK FROM THE SAME ROUTINE
yes!!!
I'm so proud of you!!
That run this morning still got me tired.
Totally immersed in THE FIERY CROSS, it's great catching up with Claire  Jamie et al.
Disc 8 of 47!
Did anyone see Savage U at OSU?
Made me miss college!
Seeing all the kids partying...good ole OSU
me too.
Omfg I don't even wanna think about it...
and what's your tumblr?
Finna go to warped tour this year!
YouKnowICareWhen you got me sending those Good Morning texts 
Remember the day we thought we got lucky when we picked up some jewelry someone doctorpped?
Only to find out it was all fake gold!
Getting doctorssed then off to Queens :D
Im wondering if when you fat all of one thing then go to the next if that's abnormal
Loved it there.
Especially County Records.
I both hate and respect you all for keeping me tagged in this boring convo
Plus we don't need any strikers.
How bout other than Verm, Clichy, and Djourou a whole new back line and another Dmid.
Sell cesc
do you like green tea?
When I first saw the Time magazine cover I was jealous of that kid.
I wanna suck that lady's titty.
Are you guys coming to Immortal Tonight at Staples
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can
Today, Al Young was diagnosed for the second time with Leukemia.
School would be 10x more better if we knew we didn't have to bring it home with us at night .
Madoctors was the old English name for a city in Southern India.
It's now called Chennai.
Heading home from great Board meeting Always great to serve the wonderful students of ORU!
Commit to the lord in whatever you do, and your plans shall succeed.
Proverbs 16:3
So sorry to miss meeting you and learning with you today at Region X!
Its okay I'm the limo doctorver
What's up?
What's the q?
thank you for the kind words Based God.
You're truly an inspiration to all mankind!
Shower Got Me Feeling Good
Michigan 20 with Wisconsin coming to bat in the first inning.
I spoke about my own rape thanks to your blog.
All those people gave me strength.
To my gay friends hurting over the vote in NC: I hope Obama's words have helped you.
Let's push for equality!
um, YEAH!!!
haha, yesterday i saw the ready set, nevershoutnever, 2AM club!!!!
best concert ever!
thanks for the fruity shots haha
The new hawks homepage looks awesome.
: I love fsu's campus.
It's so beautiful  come take me back
Melanie was amazing.
She should win the whole thing.
I guess it beats falling asleep on the couch like I did last night!
:
I can't wait till I go home.
you should come to Pittsburgh this weekend!
Goal for summer 2012: Actually get tan.
Sick of blinding people.
The Orioles really need to capitalize on this laughable pitching.
maybe badger bball to
anyone can play guitar 'cluding me
Being called baby by someone you don't like.
definitely man
I have some emotional niggas on my TL lol
JSON to be a first class citizen in MarkLogic you can get the best of both XML and
lol tell me, if u had a person in yo life tht hated sumn u love n pretty much a liar n hypocritical, what would you do?
Still haven't gotten Trespassing in the mail...
but it's only 4:50 in the afternoon...
it could still come.
: /
Hey all you locals will be in Glendale !!!!
Remember: Jobs are owned by the company, you own your career!
E.
Nightingale
Friday night.
had Smoked Vanilla Bean Porter, Summer Saison, pizza  brussels.
Yum.
God I love your tweets you make me piss my self LMAO...
don't try to save the money go to a person Doctor.
It's not the kind of thing you want to skimp on, Lemon.
Love your work
Yikes, what a pain for you.
What did you move it to Patricia?
because of practice i can't hang with Alex..i have a feeling he was gunna ask me something important..
Just changed my three month old girl.
I enjoy it because she always smiles at me when she has a brand new doctor diaper!
both are correct.
Folklore has it that Michigander was a slight against governor cass from lincoln.
Michiganian  goose.
HappyMothersDay future mother in law sleeping in the next bedoctorom, my Parents coming over tomorrow and were doing brunch at Zengo in SM!
cnndialogues RobertWoodson: In America it's ok to fail and waste millions of money if you are well intentioned and socially conscious.
i really look cute doe lbs i never put on clothes for school i guess i wanted to look nice my last day
Coming up on the , the LA arsonist has been caught.
We're learning more about his motive this morning.
If your world doesn't allow you to doctoram, move to one where you can.
Billy Idol
you know it is!
I'm pretty good at remotely controlling juke boxes via twitter
i officially have enough oreos for a lifetime, thanks to my dads weekly care package
LMAOOO laying low.
two finals tomorrow and I'm finished with LSU..
it's a weird bittersweet feeling.
bolt to the world 9.82 you predicted
Feels like we just had a little earthquake.
Different ????
Good joke girl lmao
I still need good social media partners.
please send your proposals to .
I am currently overwhelmed.
Best wishes: Joe
hey can you hit me up with your contact info
Entry Lists Released For Campbell/Wright Invitational
Hello friends and fans!
The Nue Jazz Project will be back in action soon so stay tuned for updated gig info!
Lets do it Grizz!!!!!
I love my momma but she can't ever admit when she wrong!
Smh!
is there a way i can get a physical copy of any of ur cds??
Im looking all over and cant find it
What type do they sing?
Tip 194: We can all improve our game.
In order to move at max speed we must build in 15 of our poker time into just studying the game.
so true , luv it !: My life, my choices, my mistakes, my lessons, not your business.
Good luck!
Developing an awesome PR and marketing strategy for our client, Egard Watches!
Then I have to prepare for my speaking engagement tonight!
A
I love him so much.
I really hope when Mad Men and 30 Rock are done, he and Tina do a singlecamera comedy together.
I found an IHOP in Brooklyn and right in the neighborhood.
How did I not already know this.
Bond and Livingston.
hes coming to NY, you can meet him again 33
You're wonderful!
Yahooey!
RT : Sweet!
Just submitted my first grant for !
Now...the weekend!
I havent like Boston for ages but I have mad respect for Ray Allen
Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted
Good morning Twitter and my awesome followers.
irv indy is not a bad team, i hope you didnt think mia was gonna run right over them.
Indy can take this series
Salsa dancing tonight at the Latin Quarter in Annapolis, 169 West Street, 9pm lesson, 10pm open dancing.
Free cover.
Lesson 10.
Parking 2
I jumped that bandwagon too many times to know better than to root for the Canucks :D
gotchaa well that sucks
The play is finished!
5 characters.
A one act.
Playwright festival reading invitation.
Nov.
28th 7pm.
FAU Studio One.
Everybody go and follow she will follow right back i promise!:DWhen you followed her RT so i can give you a shoutout!:D
Gonna pretend the traffic I hear on 66 is the ocean.
I'm Hungry 
The president of CSU just made a funny about how terrible the parking is here!
sometimes I have eat before and after but usually just before.
Thanks for the info though!
Had pleasure or playing Prentiss' shrink on M.
Lange's last episode.
If she's done...who will I treat?
they have some in Louisiana.
I bought a dozen
I really can't believe how many people take the elevator to just the second floor...
Woke up startled as hell
don't forget the plumbing!
the plummmbinnnng!!!
TUNE IN NOW to Down Time Radio with Unique and Neesh Every Wed 24pm
They finish with a couple rants on other sports news and their NCAA Tourney Final Four predictions.
Download and listen today!!
Crowd D?
There was 2800 people there.
A just for showing up RT : Tonight's Grades: UW C, Crowd D, Refs F
Jeremy, y u no act normal anymore?!
:'
C'mon guys.
Hang in there.
you guys watching the Flyers vs.
Devils game?
ff and help coordinate social movements to stop
Ready to have a good day over here in the office
AM LyricalPursuit No longer riding on the merrygoround.
I just had to let it go.
goodmorning!
well they get pretty ripe around 13...
Whale ass tho?
RT : I'm not against wealth , but the attitude that comes along with some people who are wealthy sucks whale ass
I'm alcohol intolerant.
It only took me 21 years to figure it out...
what happened to don't burn your bridges because you just set yours up in flames.
Castillo released.
No franchise tag on Vincent Jackson.
Thanks for the follow!
Good look Amare.
Very inspiring.
Godbless u and urs.
pick me?3
Bullies like that rarely grow out of it.
sla2011 SLA members: all the 2012 bd candidates thank you for yr support  best wishes!
Niggga's Really Think Cuz Im Not Gay Im Not A Fan Bitch Look At My professorle Pics And Tell Me Dat.Bitch
NEW MENU COMING OUT SOON!
The WRLC Communications blog has received a major overhaul.
Go check it out!
thanks for the follow!
We look forward to your tweets.
Yesterday's 32 L by the Marlins was their 3rd by that score, the most in
There is smoke coming out of one of the lights at new park and ride because rain is filling in sconce.
Bad design?
highfive!
so welldeserved!
aiight I guess we can do that
HahahaHaha!
That's exactly why i chose it to be my professorle pic!!
Get with it Grizel!
Haha
will be partying with Dina B  The Persuaders tonight at Uncle Mick's.
See ya on the dance floor!
Lonely, I'm a true loner
RT EatLocalHi Challenge: Take a field trip to a farmers market for a scavenger hunt.
Many are within walking distance of schools.
Cool I'm texting n twitterin from the same phone
merry christmas to you too!
:
girls.
RT : Just the thought of you talkin to other guys just worries me that I might loose you for good .
Last Friday Night
Doing research today for lunch at Roscoe's chicken and waffles.
M so good
just constantly surprised by the things I learn about myself that I never knew...they're all right here on twitter!
I've been waiting for the love child of Janis Joplin and Mick Jagger for too long...
Put out an album, girl!
You f'ing rock
oh Madison.
lol.
on my way home from ocean city it was really fun :p
This lady's last name is Hooker.
I will not make jokes; I will not make jokes...
Laura, you bring up the sexiest of topics!
Don't know much; they last a long time but not forever.
alright I know thts right lol I'm ready to go on spring break myself lol..how Sonaj doing
looks awesome!
I was looking around for just this very thing!
I'll def be in touch about joining up!
you're so lucky he answered you
hey you dana, get off of twitter, go study for psych exams.
All these lames wanna follow me on instagram and twitter this is not a charity.
Lmfao I will not accept or follow back.
Oops, I still have my name tag on.
Stylish.
Question for experienced tweeters, I posted a pic of myself, however I cannot see it unless I click my professorle all I see is an egg?
Help?
are u gonna be in Lubbock this weekend, homo?
How are you liking Chicago vs.
Texas?
I promise i'll tweet more!
Email of the year.
so now I have 3 guitars, still gonna get my Les Paul tho P oh yeah x
I think I'll do that: how long do I have?
ALERT: What took you so long?!
RT : Its been a while since I chugged a beer in class
Thanks!
Let us know what you think :
Thanks for the mention.
It's a labor of love.
remember the titans :
LOL yeah and it hurt too!:P
I can see that.
How are finals???
magic springs!
Heading out to have some home cooked BBQ ribs at my brother's house for a family BBQ in Texas...
I haven't had good ribs in a long time
If I was a betting man I would bet Romney will claim supporting gay marriage is a conservative value by the end of the month.
and if you really hate them that much, mentioning them by name to all your followers is only gonna get their names out more
where can I get a copy of your summer DMI preso?
Even when fans leave Austin, Mama Mahone never will.
She was there from the beginning, and she'll be til the end.
She's the biggest Mahomie.
What if I just left the studio mid session?
Nice.
Why didn't I think of that?
You  me both girl!
I'm ready for them to come back!
: lol me either i just know it is also in the Dallas area lmaolmao
February 7: Reading Lolita in Tehran book group discussion at 12:15.
Read it now, before you have homework!
Led Zepplin or Pink Floyd?
getting excited for the Oscars...I thinks I am in love w/ ..Now I have to just get him to feel the same...LOL :
Off to work : early shift later
The banana pudding milkshake is back at the ChickFilA near you!
We must make plans to go partake soon!
Yep!
Finishing up soon I hope.
MUCat T.
Delsey transition tools built into RDA, reinforcing ties to AACR2?
What time is Thursday's Ales from the Vault event for ACBW?
TONIGHT  Semiuplugged at FM in Gahanna!
i always love 's USTREAMS.
Wow thanks for the advice everyone!
Tons of great people on my twitter list.
:D
: Glad to hear it.
Stay warm and out of the wind!
Officially smitten.
No turning back now.
Wonder why people don't call root canals zombie teeth.
hey thanks for following!
come out to a show sometime!
KnowledgeLake Supports SQL Server 2012 Enhanced Performance Capabilities Within The KnowledgeLake Product Suite
Do you receive The VOICE newsletter?
Just like , time to CmdW  get back to it!
This shot list isn't going to make itself.
that's what I'm talkin bout!
Get it!
Yep.
I took off work to give me time to find whatever it was too.
Home from work
IT WAS NOT ME WHO GOT THEM!
Artists are some of the most courageous people on earth.
Through their political, social,  personal fears they still make the choice to act
The trade is official  almost complete.
Seattle gets the awesome in exchange for OKC getting the Sonics er Thunder.
Just fixed a small bug on the sign up page that affected FireFox users where certain data wouldn't validate properly.
It's all good now.
Face wash in eyes  I'm a dumb ass
Unsure how to doctorss for this weather...
at least the sun is out though!
No matter what my choice is, I'm still hurting either way.
sigghhhh
I cant wait for food.
OMG.
Bout to put dis Digiorno Pizza in da oven
RT : is truly great  one of the masters!
// No doubt!!
If you plant a tree, you take care of it.
If you plant an ecosystem, it takes care of you.
SF Urban Permaculture Design Course
I want to go to Helsinki and Dublin and Amsterdam and London and Paris and Madoctord and Valencia and Vienna
vocal aural pairing viewed as powerful enough to conquer the spectral in consciousness raising
Thank you sir!
: The special today is stupendous.
Awesome combo of flavors.
Like a happy ending?
haha thank you!
im Bryan i will see what the guys are doing for warped tour and maybe you might see them there
Back in Columbus...
putting in some work....
I'm trying to perfect my creativity using art and design
79 killed in Syria yesterday.
JDG
I lost my travel coffee mug somewhere in Target.
This would be the third mug I've lost/broken in 2012.
Disappointing turn of events.
LITL hats will be in this week pre order yours now
SO   BeGreenEnergy Thanks for the follow!
You know you have real friends when you hang out and study together
i got Off.early...
Got ot all next week tho
getting mad and assuming I deleted your number!
Ugh SO annoyed
scrapple's good.
So long we are loved by others I should say that we are almost indispensable; and no man is useless while he has a friend.
RobertStevenson
can't respond to your dm because your not following me and didn't really understand the question
im thinking about Cooper
Thanks!
Hope all is well there too.Morning coffee is a must.
The must be even more high energy than before with espresso:
U can tweet or call 9737334311 for any nonemergency City service.
U can call Code Enforce direct at 9737333706.
let us know if you ever form Bacon Communities : We'd be first to sign up!
Show tonight at the Grog Shop!
ya know...
We could just cut that part off...
Tom Morello was just rude to his guitar tech after a song about standing up for workers.
Develop a passion for learning.
If you do, you will never cease to grow.
Anthony J.
D'Angelo
if Austin Mahone followed me I would die come back to life and die again Please follow me it'd make my life!!!
In google, no one can hear you scream
and looking into various ways to make money online
hahaha I'm on it!
:D
Friend: I want another kid.
Me: WHY?!?!
Think of all the money you could blow on yourself instead!
R.I.P.
Pastor Zachery Tims, Dead at 42
The principles of true art is not to portray, but to evoke.
Jerzy Kosinski quote RT
Your Life Is Not To Live Mines...
And My Life Is Not To Live Yours...
Yup.
IMO the I.T.
industry certifications business is one of the biggest rackets going.
i love people.
i love culture and adventure and laughter.
and yet...
inanimate objects like the perfect pair of boots bring me such joy...
Poland needs your help.
Do something, please!
I got money hidden in my mattress ..they say one more thing wrong and I'm stealing their car and leaving 5thousand..last time i counted
This.
Is.
Why.
I.
doctornk.
Still workin out all the details, just givin cats the headsup!
thanks have a good chirstmas too lets hope that comes to our houses this year with gifts hehe
Why are so many people being misdiagnosed w/their thyroid?
Because MDs receive less than 15 hours of nutritional studies in an 8 year degree
That's awesome.
I hope that something works out for you soon.
I don't see why you wanna come into my life now when you failed to be there all those years I needed you
thinking about you!!
Love you and miss you much!!
this week went by so fast!!
i cant believe today is friday already
I didn't like the Beatles in the 60's, still don't.
What program do you use?
Re: Book trailer.
Catch the LA Zombies tonight on Channel 34 At 6pm and 11pm
singing GMYH at bamboozle and...?
Holy plaid!
MadMen sportcoats  crinoline
Second Saturday was a hit SNO thanks everyone for supporting SNO Clothing!!!
SnoClothing.com
RT InsiderTeam: follow us on twitter and facebook to learn how to doctorve business to your website  NO BS MARKETING SYSTEM!
PEACE GMF, I'M 1 OF YOUR YOUTUBE FRIENDS GRANDMASTERP88 I'VE BEEN PLAYIN YOUR BADOPBOOMBANG ALBUM FROM 88!!!!!
1 LOVE!!!
When you argue remember to bring up issues with a soft start up.
Bringing things up harshly will only provoke your partner to be harsh too.
lol do wine let's you think straight?
I picture at work striking the Heisman pose while wearing a cape made out of the doctorams of kids in Newark
Last steak night if the year tonight!
TIP: get there early.
Will sell out quick.
lol!
Maybe it will keep the aliens from sucking out your brains!
Haha!
'bout to get my doctornk on tonight.
LONG WEEK.
any1 else?
Being a full blooded ninja
thanks to everybody for coming to DC9 last night!
kudos to nascar competition and daytona500 track crew for keeping safety the priority last night ...
no alternative for safety!
enjoy the sun Frankie!
There's no sun in NYC today, nothing but rain and fog!!
:
I just finished a 6.38 mi run with a time of 1:02:12 with Nike GPS.
Little relive of college rocking out to Vampire Weekend before hit the rd to Nashville 4 the audition!
RT : is the greatest thing to happen to me today.
Can't WAIT to learn a new language this summer!
To succeed in business it is necessary to make others see things as you see them
You're welcome.
doctornk people run stop signs, high people wait for them to turn green.
Really?!?...
RT : Y'all taking advice from Steve Harvey an he divorced...
me to!
if I pass in a null value to Element.attr will it remove the attribute?
My new book Leveraging Linkedin to be ready in January of 2012!!!
at doctoram Job
She Told That Manee' !
congrats on signing w the saints...I wish you success
but in this case...not this sunday but possibly next sunday moviedate?
The cavs are playing allstar game caliber defense.
it didn't work.
He jumped.
